2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
York ; to the Grand Army of the Republic,
at Ansonia, Connecticut; to the Soldiers'
Monument Association at Fitchburg, Mas-
sachusetts ; and to the municipal authorities of
the village of Sturgis, Michigan, one cannon
and four cannon-balls.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
george f. tracy.
The bill (H. R. No. 2795) for the relief of
George F. Tracy, postmaster' at Bridgeport,
Connecticut, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It authorizes the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury in adjusting
the accounts of George F. Tracy, postmaster
at Bridgeport, Connecticut, to allow and
credit him the sum of ยง2,085, stolen from the
post office at Bridgeport, on the 1st of De-
cember, 1871, without any fault or negligence
on his part.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
cannon for gettysburg association.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to go
back just one number to pass a bill granting
condemned cannon for the Gettysburg Battle-
field Memorial Association. It is a Senate
bill, but I am informed it can be passed in
the House.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1607) donating condemned
cannon and cannon balls to the Gettysburg
Battle-field Memorial Association. It author-
izes the Secretary of War to deliver to the
Gettysburg Battle-field Memorial Association,
if it can be done without detriment to the
Government, such number of condemned can-
non and camion balls as his judgment may
approve, for the purpose of their work of indi-
cation of the battle-field of Gettysburg.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
jambs 13. armstrong.
Mr. DAVIS. House bill No. 3864 was passed
over because it was reported with amendments.
Since then several House bills with amendments
have been passed. I ask that this bill be acted
upon.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 3864) for the relief
of the heirs-at-law and next of kin of James
B. Armstrong, deceased. It proposes to pay
to the heirs-at-law and next of kin of James
B. Armstrong, late of Cameron county, Texas,
in such proportion as, under the statute of dis-
tribution or laws of Texas they may be entitled
to the same, $17,846 78, in fall for all sums
due the estate of the deceased, as damages for
breach of contract entered into by him with
the United States, on the 14th of June, 1855,
for transportation of men, provisions, muni-
tions of war, &c., upon the Rio Grande, for
which sum the Court of Claims reported a bill
to Congress on the 18th of December, 1860.
But before any such payment be made proof is
to be made satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Treasury that, the heirs-at-law and next of kin,
or such thereof as shall demand their aliquot
shares, remained loyal adherents to the cause
and Government of the United States during
the war of the rebellion. If the proofs shall
be satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury
that the heirs-at-law and next of kin are entitled
to the sum appropriated, or any part thereof,
and that the administrators of the deceased
appointed on the 25th of January, 1858, by the
probate court of Cameron county, Texas, have
not been discharged from their trust as admin-
istrators, and have given adequate security for
the funds of the estate collected by them, wbich
are a subsisting and valid security to the heirs
and next of kin for the sum which shall be
received by them under the act, then the sums
to which the heirs and next of kin may be
entitled tinder the provisions of the act may be
paid to the administrators.
The Committee on Claims reported an
amendment to strike out line nine " $17,-
846 78" and in insert " $13,885 09."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
west wisconsin railway lands.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is a bill on the
table, which I ask to have submitted to the
Senate for the purpose of concurring in the
amendment of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair-will
lay before the Senate the bill (S. No. 1025) to
quiet the title to the lands of the settlers on
lands belonging to the West Wisconsin Rail-
way Company.
The amendment of the House of Represen-
tatives was in line six after the word " any,"
to insert "such in the same line after the
word "grant," to insert " not, however, to
exceed twenty thousand acres;" and amend
the title by striking out the words " belonging
to," and'inserting " claimed by."
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in the amendments made by the
House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
ann marble.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3872) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) administra-
trix.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. MACHEN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection. There is no objection
to the bill really.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Conk-
ling in the chair.) Is the objection withdrawn ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the next bill.
Mr. MACHEN subsequently said: The
Senator from Michigan withdraws his objec-
tion to the bill (H. R. No. 3872) for the relief
of Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) adminis-
tratrix, that was laid aside. There is no ob-
jection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which appropriates $2,250 to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to indem-
nify Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) admin-
istratrix of William D. Marble, deceased, for
losses by depredations committed by Cheyenne
Indians in August, 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
john paine.
The bill (H. R. No. 3512) for the relief of
John Paine was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the payment to
John Paine of $410, which has been found to
be due to him by reason of the unjust seizure
and detention of twenty thousand five hundred
cigars, and which were consumed by acci-
dental fire while in the care and custody of
the internal revenue officers who made the !
seizure. S
The bill was reported to the Senate without !
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
southern claims.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3938) to amend section two
of an act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, and the acts
amendatory thereof.
Mr. LOGAN and Mr. STEWART ob-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The bill will
be passed over.
claims por bounty.
The bill(H. R. No. 3687) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty under the
act of July 28,1866, was considered, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It extends the time for
filing claims for additional bounty,undertheact
of July 28, 1866, which expired by limitation
January 30, 1873, until the 30th of January,
1874; and all claims for such bounties filed
in the proper Department after the 30th of
January, 1873, and before the passage of the
act, are to be deemed to have been filed in due
time.
. The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
promotions in the army.
Mr. LOGAN. Before proceeding further
I ask to take up a Senate bill which will take
but a moment. I have been trying for some
time to get an opportunity to pass it. I do
not want to say what will occur to it in the
House, but I have reason to believe there will
be no obstruction. I have stricken out two
sections to which there is objection. There
are but two sections left.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1587) authorizing ap-
pointments and promotions in the medical and
ordnance departments of the Army of the
United States. The first section authorizes
the President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to fill all such vacancies as now
exist in themedical departmentof the Army up
to and including the grade of major ; and abol-
ishes all positions and offices above the grade
of major in that department which are now
vacant. Whenever the office of Surgeon Gen-
eral shall become vacant by death, resignation,
or otherwise, thereupon the grade of brigadier
general in that department is at once to cease
to exist, and all the duties and functions of
the office of Surgeon General are to devolve
upon and be performed by such officer of the
department as shall be designated by the
President.
The second section authorizes the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to fill such vacancies as now exist in the
ordnance department of the Army, except
in the grade of second lieutenant, which grade
is abolished. Whenever the office of chief of
ordnance shall become vacant by death, resig-
nation, or otherwise, thereupon the grade of
brigadier general in the department is at once
to cease to exist, and all the duties and func-
tions of the office of chief of ordnance are
to devolve upon and be performed by such
officer of the department as shall be designated
by the President.
The Committee on Military Affairs had re-
ported an amendment to insert the following
additional sections:
Sko, 3. That the President is also hereby author-
ized. with the advice and consont of the Senate, to
fill, by appointment, three vacancies of the rank of
major now existing in the paymaster's depart-
ment: Provided, That al] otiier vacancies existing
in said department are hereby abolished.
Sec. 4. That all officers ot the Army who have been
or who shall hereafter be retired therefrom on ac-
count of wounds received in battle shall hold rjink
on such retired list, and receive pay according to the
rank they actually held at the time such cause for
retirement occurred, and not according to tlie rank
of command: Provided, That so much of this section
as applies to the pay of officers now on the retired
list shall not take effect until July 1,1873; and so
much of all laws and parts of laws in conflict with
this section are hereby repealed.
Mr. LOGAN. I propose to strike out the
last two sections for the reason that there will
be objection and it is too late to consider them.
After the word " President," at the end of
the second section, I move to add "with the
rank of colonel.','
