1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ators and Representatives in Congress and
Delegates from the Territories admitted to a
seat in Congress, including Senators, Repre-
sentatives, and Delegates in the Forty-Second
Congress, shall receive compensation at the
rate of $8,000 per annum each, and in lieu of
mileage there shall be allowed to each Sen-
ator, Representative, and Delegate, including
those of the Forty-Second Congress, his actual
expenses from his place of residence to Wash-
ington city, at the commencement of each
session of Congress, and return, to be certified
in a bill of items, to be filed as a voucher.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts moves to suspend the rules for
the purpose of including what has been read
as a part of the miscellaneous appropriation
bill.
Mr. BEATTY. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
only for consideration and not for passage.
Mr. RANDALL. As I understand it, the
bill will be o.pen for amendment in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
as well as for discussion.
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave for a moment to make a short statement.
Mr. COX. If it is to be discussed I wish
the other side to be heard also.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
a bill :-
Mr. DAWES. Let me make a statement
also.
Mr. BANKS. What is the motion before
the House ?•
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
It is that the rules be so far suspended that
the Committee on Appropriations shall be
instructed to include that bill as one of the
provisions of the miscellaneous appropriation
bill for consideration in the Committee of the
Wbole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will
be permitted to make his statement.
Sr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
wish to make any statement now.
Mr. FAIiNS WORTH, I think we ought to
suspend the rules at the same time so as to
allow an hour or two of debate on this propo-
sition.
Mr. COX. If there is to be any debate I
hope both sides will be heard,
i'he SPEAKER. The present motion is
to suspend the rules for the purpose of having
this included in the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill, for consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union when
that bill comes up for consideration.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 81, nays 120, not voting 30; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Barry, Biggs, Bingham,
James G. Blair, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
eriok R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan,
Critcher, Darrall, Dickey, Dodds, DuBoso, Duke,
Eldredge,Elliott, Garrett, Guldings, Golladay, Han-
cock, Harper, George E. Harris, Hays, Herndon,
Houghton, Kendall, King, Lamison, Lansing,
Leach, McJunkin, MeKco, McNeely, Mitchell,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Neglcy, Silas L. Niblack,
Packard. Peek, Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Potter, Rainey, Randal 1, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Sion H. Rogers,
Shanks, Sherwood, Shober, Sloss, Snyder, Storm,
Stowoll, St. John, Sutherland, Thomas, Turner.
wW' Wuddell, Wallace, Warren,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
Y?rrA ^.Winchester, Wood, and Young-ai.
.NAib Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Arthur. Avenll, Barber, Barnum, Beatty
Brasmus W. Beek, James B. Beck, Bell, Bird
Boles Braxton, Bright, Buckley. Buffinton, Bun-
nell wprchard, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Crocker, Crossiand, Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Dox,
Bunnell, barney, bly. bsty, Barnsworth, Harwell
Iinkelnburg, Charted Poster Wilder D. Poster, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Haldeman Hale Halsey, Hamble-
ton, Handley, John T. Harris, John B, Hawlev
Joseph R Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, Here^
foxd Hibbard, Ilill, Hoar, Kelley. Kellogg, Kerr,
£etcnam, ivillmger, Lewis, Ivowe, Lynch, Mac-
Intyro, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, MeCklhind,
McOoriniok, McCrary, McGrew, Melionry, Mer-
riam, Merrick, Monroe, Morgan, William B. Nib-
lack. Orr, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Pendleton. Poland, Ellis H. Roberts,
John Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Seofield, Sessions, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Slater,
Slocum.II. Boardman Smith, John A.Smith, Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stough-
ton. Terry, Washington Townsend, Twiehell. Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump. Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron. Wells, Wheeler, Willard, and John T.
Wilson—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Bigby, Austin Blair, Boar-
man, Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Comingo, Conner,
Creely, Duell, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Getz,
Griffith. Hanks, Harmer, Havens, John W. Hnzel-
ton, Ilolman, Hooper, Kinsella, Lamport, JVlcKin-
ney. Benjamin P. Meyers. Leonard Myers. Price,
Prindle, William R. Roberts, Seeley, Sheldon,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Swann, Sypher,
Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Whitthorne, and Jeremiah
M.Wilson—39.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not having voted in favor thereof.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Ritchie] desires to move a suspen-
sion of the rules so as to pass a bill from the
Committee on the Public Lands. But before
that is done, the gentleman from Delaware
[Mr. Biggs] and the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Foster] both desire that bills from
the Senate in regard to public buildings in
their respective districts may be considered.
They think there will be no objection.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT DOVER, DELAWARE.
Mr. BIGGS. I move that, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (S. No. 714) to pro-
vide for the erection of a post office building at
Dover, in the State of Delaware, and that the
same be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be
constructed a suitable brick building, with a
fire-proof brick vault, at Dover, Delaware, for
a post office; and $40,000 is appropriated for
the purpose, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated ; and the Secretary
of the Treasury is to cause proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditure
shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of the building beyond the sum appro-
priated ; provided that no money appropriated
shall be used or expended until a valid title to
the land for a site, independent and unexposed
to danger from fire in adjacent buildings, shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the
State of Delaware shall cede its jurisdiction
over the same, and also duly release and relin-
quish to the United States the right to tax or
in any way assess the site or the property of
the United States that may be thereon during
the time that the United States shall be or
remain owner thereof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Has that bill
been before any committee of the House?
Mr. BIGGS. The bill passed the Senate
unanimously. It has been before the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
they have unanimously agreed to report it. It
only appropriates $40,000.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
Mr. BIGGS. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT GRAND EAPIDS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan. I move that,
by unanimous consent, the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (S. No.
1199) for the construction of a court-house,
post office, and other Government offices at
Grand Rapids, Michigan, and that the same
be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to purchase, at private
sale or by condemnation, in pursuance of the
statute of the State of Michigan, a suitable lot
0{. .grennd in 'he city of Grand Rapids, State
or Michigan, and to cause to be erected there-
on a building ofbrick suitable for the accom-
modation of the court-house, post office, and
other Government offices in that city ; the lot
of land and the building thereon, when com-
pleted, upon plans to be previously made and
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
are not to exceed the cost of $200,000; and
the lot of land shall be of such an extent as to
leave the building independent and unexposed
to fire from any and all adjoining buildings;
but no money appropriated for this purpose is
to be available until a valid title to the land
shall be vested in the United States, ftnd until
the State of Michigan shall cede its jurisdiction
over it and relinquish the right to tax or as-
sess it while the United States shall be the
possessor thereof.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan. I move that
the rules be suspended and the bill passed.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was ]
ASSISTANT ADJUTANT GENERAL
Mr. SLOCUM. I move that the rules be so
suspended that the following amendment to
the Army appropriation bill shall be in order
when the same is considered in the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follows :
And be it further enacted. That the sixth section
of an act entitled "An act making appropriation for
the support of the Army for the year ending June
30,1870," approved March 3,1869, is so far modified
as to authorize and permit the President of the Uni-
ted States to nominate, and, by and with the advico
of the Senate, to appoint one Assistant Adjutant
General in the Army of the United States with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of major in the said De-
partment.
Mr. SLOCUM. I wish only to say that this
has been considered by the Committee on
Military Affairs, and agreed to by that Com-
mittee. There are three vacancies, and this
is to fill one of them.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds
voting in favor thereof,) and the amendment
was made in order.
POWERS OP GOVERNMENT.
Mr. COX. I offer a resolution which, I
think, is necessary for the conduct of public
affairs ; and I move to suspend the rules and
that it be passed.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas there are epochs in the history of Govern-
ments, for their pure administration, when it is
necessary to recur to their organic form and genius;
whereas the abuses of our Administration have
arisen by reason of a perilous departure from the
Federal system: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Government of the United
States is, as it ought to be, a Government of limited
powers; that those powers are prescribed and
enumerated in the Constitution of the United States;
that they are granted by the people to the Govern-
ment, not for the purpose of conferring general, in-
definite, unlimited rights of legislation, but for the
purpose of accomplishing certain well-defined and
specified objects: that all rights of legislation not
so conferred are reserved to the States or the people
thereof; that while the central Government is not
the agent of a confederacy, or of a mere league of
States, but a Government proper, founded upon the
adoption of the people, and creating direct relations
between it and all its subjects.it is still less a su-
preme, unlimited, imperial, and consolidated Gov-
ernment, the most dangerous form that it could
potsipiy assume; thatwhife the central Government
has its distinct and recognized sphere of action,
already ample, the governments of the separate
btates have their distinct and recognized spheres of
action; and_ that it is to the last degree important to
the,harmonious cooperation of both, and the preser-
vation of local independence, to the universal dif-
fusion of political vitality, to the prevention of
military despotism, to the security of individual
rights, and the perpetuity of our institutions, that
these separate spheres of action should be kept for-
ever distinct and inviolable.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. COX. No, sir; as an old Democrat
the gentleman ought to concur in this resolu-
tion.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object to debate.
LANDS IN IOWA.
_ Ihe SPEAKER. Before putting the ques-
tion on the resolution of the gentleman from
New xork, the Chair will recognize the gen-
