1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2195
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator to withdraw the
amendment?.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to strike out the
sections in reference to retirement, which are
sections three and four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that those sections are not in the
bill. -
Mr. LOGAN. No, they are amendments
of the committee ; but the amendment I offer
is to insert "with the rank of colonel" at the
close of the second section after the word
"PrGSidftnt "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois wishes the amendment of the
committee disagreed to. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOGAN. Now I move, after the word
"President," in line eleven at the end Of the
second section of the bill, to insert " with the
rank of colonel."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. The bill was read the the third
time and passed.
The title was amended so as to read, "A
bill authorizing appointments and promotions
in departments of the Army of the United
States."
ann m. wood.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3824) granting a pension to Mrs. Ann
M. Wood, widow of Robert C. Wood, late As-
sistant Surgeon General of the United States
Army, and daughter ot Zachary Taylor, late
President of the United States, have instructed
me to report it back, and to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Now I move
we take up that bill and pass it.
Mr. PRATT. I shall interpose no objec-
tion to the bill being taken np for considera-
tion, but when it is taken up I shall beg leave
to submit a few remarks to the Senate why the
bill should not pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the next bill on the Calendar.
julia p. lynde.
The bill (H. R. No. 3981) for the relief of
Julia P. Lynde, minor child of R. D. Lynde,
late surgeon of the United States volunteers,
deceased, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It gives authority to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
the duly authorized guardian of Julia P. Lynde,
minor child of Surgeon R. D. Lynde, United
States volunteers, deceased, the three months'
pay and allowance for transportation to which
her father was entitled at the time of his
death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
jonathan diehl and george blymer.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 4002) for the relief of Jonathan
Diehl and George Blymer, sureties on the
bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor for
carrying the United States mails on post route
No. 4249.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let that go over.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust not. It is all
right. I am sure if the Senator from Michi-
gan understood this bill as the chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
does and as the members of that committee
who reported the bill do, he would not make
an objection. It is perfectly right. It
a poor woman from being sold out ot a little
house which she owns.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw his objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I decline to withdraw
the objection.
Mr. CAMERON subsequently said: I rise
to say that the Senator from Michigan has
withdrawn his objection, and I ask the Senate
again to take up House bill No. 4002.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It releases Jonathan Diehl
and George Blymer, of Bedford, Pennsylva-
nia, sureties on the bond of Josiah S. Diehl,
late contractor for carrying the mails of the
United States on post route No. 4249, from
liability on the bond, which the Postmaster
General is directed to cancel.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
distribution of arms.
The bill (H. R. No. 2969) to authorize and
direct the Secretary of War to distribute arm3
and military equipments under the act of
April 23, 1808, and the acts amendatory
thereof, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of War
to distribute to such States as did not, from the
year 1862 to the year 1869, receive the same,
their proper quota of arms and military equip-
ments for each year, from 1862 to 1869, under
the act of Congress approved April 23, 1808,
and the several acts amendatory thereof; but
in the organization and equipment of military
companies and organizations with these arms,
no discrimination is to be made between the
companies and organizations on account of
race, color, or former condition of servitude.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
heirs of henry fulenwider.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 3856) for the relief of the heirs
of Henry Fulenwider, deceased.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to that.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to know
of the Senator from Michigan what bis objec-
tion is.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, do not get up a dis-
cussion.
Mr. SPENCER. Yes, I want a discussion
on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Alabama that
under the rule, objection being made, the next
bill is before the Senate.
benjamin crawford.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 3874) for the relief of Benjamin
Crawford; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Benjamin Crawford of $5,000, in
full compensation for the use by the Govern-
' ment of his patent steam-blower.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will not object. It is a meritorious
bill, I am informed.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I renew it.
Mr. MACHEN. Will the Senator from
Michigan allow me to give one word of ex-
planation and I think he will not object? This
is a poor old gentleman whose invention has
been uoed on the Mississippi river. There
were about one hundred steamboats employed
by the Government right at the time the strug-
gle was going on, in which his blower was
used, his patent, and I think the proof is
ample in the case.
Several Senators. Go on with the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The con-
sideration of the bill is objected to.
henry fulenwider.
Mr. SPENCER. It affords me great pleas-
ure to announce to the Senate that the distin-
guished Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chand-
ler] has withdrawn his objection to the bill
he recently objected to for a man in Alabama.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being withdrawn to the bill indicated by the
Senator from Alabama, the Secretary will re-
port it, subject to objection.
The bill (H. R. No. 8856) for the relief of
the heirs of Henry Fulenwider, deceased, was
Mr. PRATT. I would be glad to know if
this is for carrying the mail in the State of Ala-
bama from Montgomery to Mobile after the
State of Alabama had seceded from the Union
and when no United States mail was being
transported in that State.
Mr. SPENCER. The state of facts in this
case is that this bill is for carrying the mails
prior to the war in 1861. I will send up the
report from the Auditor of the Post Office
Department to show the justice of this claim.
The Government is just as much bound for the
payment of tins claim as it is bound to pay
interest on its bonds.
Mr. PRATT. I wish simply to inquire of
the Senator from Alabama if the facts of the
ease are not that this claim for compensation
arises entirely for services performed in carry-
ing the United States mails between the cities
of Montgomery and Mobile, Alabama, after
the State of Alabama had passed her ordinance
of secession and after all intercourse between
the people of Alabama and the northern States
had ceased?
Mr. SPENCER. This bill is to pay a mail
contractor for carrying the mail for the first
quarter of the year 1861, and I wish to state
to the Senator from Indiana that all.the other
claims from the South have been paid with the
exception of this one, and the reason this one
has not been paid is on account of the death
of the contractor. His heirs were unable to
present their application in time or the claim
would have been paid and there would be
money to meet it now but for the fact that a
law passed two years ago covers all unex-
pended appropriations into the Treasury. I
will send up to the Secretary to be read a let-
ter from the Auditor on the subject.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator does not exactly
catch the point of my inquiry,
Mr. DAVIS. I will state to the Senator
from Indiana this is a claim that_ I examined
and reported on. It is for carrying the mail
between Mobile and Montgomery from the
1st of April to the 31st of May, two months.
Mr. CHANDLER. In what year?
Mr. DAVIS. In 1861.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inquire whether the bill is objected to?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) It will be passed over.
mark davis.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3870) for the relief of Mark
Davis.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
heirs op colonel william north edge,
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 3862) for the relief of the heirs
and next of kin of Colonel William Northedge,
d6C6&SGd«
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
reported without amendment and no recom-
mendation. .
Mr. SCOTT. There is no recommendation
in that case. Let it go over.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw the objection. I know
nothing particularly of the case, except that
the bill is for the benefit of a poor widow
with three children, exceedingly poor and
dependent. It is reported by the Senaterfrom
West Virginia, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. SCOTT. My objection was on ^th©
