1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
take "local independence" out of the reso-
lution.
Mr. COX. That is what I want most.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then you will see what
you will get.
Mr. DICKEY. To enable members to
vote intelligently on this question, I ask that
the Constitution of the United States be read.
Mr. AMBLER. That would be in the
nature of debate.
Mr. LEACH. I ask my friend from New
York [Mr. Cox] to strike out the word "sub-
jects" and substitute "citizens."
Mr. COX. I will make that modification.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to suspend the rales
and adopt this resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 86, nays 64, not voting 90 ; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Bigby, BigKS, Boarman, Boles, Bright, Bufflnton,
Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
Caldwell, Carroll, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Cox, Crebs, Crossland, Dodds, Duke, Bldredge, Ely,
Farnsworth. Finkelnbur/?, Wilder I). Foster, Gar-
rett, Getz. Golladay, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Kerr, King, Lamison. Lewis, Maclntyre, Man-
son. Marshall, McClelland,McCormick, McHenry,
MeKinney,Merrick,Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Mor-
phis,Silas L. Niblack, William E. Niblack, HoseaW.
Parker, Perry, Potter, Read, Edward Y. Riee, John
M. Rice,Roosevelt, Soo6eld, Shanks, Sheldon, Shober,
H. Boardman Smith, Speer, Stevens, Storm, Stough-
ton, Sypher,Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Warren,
Williams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—8fi.
NAYb—Messrs. Ames, Barber, Barry, Bingham,
Buckley, Bunnell, Burdett, Cobb, Coburn, Darrall,
Dickey, Donnan, Dunnell, Karnes, Elliott, Charles
Foster, Frye, Harmer, George E. Harris, John B.
Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Lansing,
Lowe, Maynard, McGrew. McJunkin, Merriam,
Moore, Negley, Orr, Packard. Pendleton, Perce,
Peters, Porter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
hargent, Sawyer,Sessions, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
John A. Smith, Snyder, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoweil, St. John, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner, rwiehell, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace,
and John T- Wilson—64.
u?in-ii[N®~Messrs. Acker, Averill, Banks,
Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Coghlan, Creely, Critcher,
Crockor, Davis, Dawes, Dox, DuBose, Duell. Esty,
Jarwoll, lorkor, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Gid-
dmgs, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, ilalsey, Haiubleton,
Hanks, Havens, Hay. John W. Hazelton. Hill, Hol-
man, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger. Kin-
sella, Lamport, Leach. Lynch, McCrary, McKee,
McNeoly, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Leonard
¥,yf.rs,D tcke.r' Punier, Isaac C, Parker. Peek,
w?.r' Pnndle, Randall, Ritchie,
William R.Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion
€?r8li.. y' Sherwood, Slater, Sloeum,
feloss, Worthmgton C. Smith, Snapp, Sprague
TSihifi8-? ' 8w?;nn-,!affe-Terry, DwightTownsend,
wil'Siil'T w??l Yan waddon.Walden,Wells,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, Jeremiad
M. Wilson, and Young—90.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the naotion of Mr. Cox to suspend the rules
and adopt the resolution was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FItOM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
SOif, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had appointed Mr. Sherman as teller on
the part of the Senate to receive and count the
electoral votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent.
The message also announced that the Senate
m lSd wlthout amendment the bill (H R.
JNo. p^oS) to provide for the appointment of a
commission to complete the boundary line be-
tween the temtory of the United States and
nn^TT8?{6r6!it Britain not completed
\«'!t(°f ^gust n> 1856> to carry into
effect the brst-article of the treaty of 15th June,
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 3258)
Eukmg appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes; and had appointed as conferees on
the part ot the Senate, Mr. Morrill of Maine
Mr. Wisdom, and Mr. Schurz. '
COUNTING THE ELECTORAL VOTES.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has sent to
the House a notification of its appointment of
a teller on the part of the Senate to count the
electoral votes. It is the duty of the Speaker
to nominate two Representatives to perform the
same duty on the part of the House. The
Chair nominates Mr. Henry L. Dawes, a Re
presentative from the State of Massachusetts,
and Mr. James B. Beck, a Representative from
the State of Kentucky.
ORDER 01" BUSINESS,
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to suspend the rules and adopt the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] on behalf of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask leave to
offer a resolution in reference to the hour of
meeting of the House. Its consideration will
take no time.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it causes delay I shall
object.
The resolution of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was read, as follows :
Rexolved, That on and after Thursday next the
sessions of the House shall begin at eleven o'clock
m.
_Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The object of
this is to avoid, as far as possible, the neces
sity for evening sessions.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the resolution.
Mr. BEATTY. I wish to offer a resolution
which will take no time.
Mr. RANDALL. I will hear it read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot agree to all this.
The question recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 72.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded tellers.
Mr. BEATTY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 72, not voting
77 ; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Barber, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell
Bigby, Biggs Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton. Bright,
Burchard, Caldwell.Carroll,Comingo,Crebs,Critcher.
Crossland, Davis, Dickey, Dodds, Dox, Duke. Ely.
larnsworth, Garrett, Giddings, Hancock, Hanks,
Harper. John T. Harris, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hibbard. Kerr, King.
Lewis, Malison, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
McHenry McJunkin. Merriam, Monroe, Morgan,
Morphis William E. Niblack, Orr, Packer, Palmer,
Hosea W.Parker,Perce, Porter,Potter,Price. Rainey,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice
Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Snyder, Sneer, Stevens
btevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Terry, Thomas,Wash-
ington lownsend. Tyner Upson. Van Trump,
Vaughan Warren, Wells, Willard, John T. Wilson
and Winchester—91.
NA YS-MessrS.Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Bingham,
Boles. Buckley, Bufflnton, Bunnell, Burdett, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Dar-
%nn?n' Baoll  Dunnell, Eidredge, Esty, Far-
7®i j' Sh?;r1?8 Fo4te,r; Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Gar-
field, golladay, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Handley,
George E. Harris, John B. Hawloy. Hays. Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport,
.Lansing, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Maclntyre, May-
?5d' no r?ry' McGrew, Morey, Nogley, Packard,
£ar£er, Pendleton, Poland, Prindle,Ritchie!
* c.V ,bertrsr' Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sar-
gent. Shanks, H. Boarduaan Smith, Starkweather,
btowell, St, John, Sypher, Turner, Twichell, Voor-
hees. Wakeman Wallace, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams of New York, anil Young—72
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames Archer, Averill,
Banks, Austin Blair, Boarman, Brooks, Benjamin K.
Butler, Campbell, Coglilan, Conner. Cotton, Cox,
fell n? i' ,CrooIt15r', Dawes, DuBose, Barnes, Elliott,
Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Getz, Good-
nch Griffith Hambleton, Harmer, Havens, John
]"• H"??,1,'0". Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Ken-
dall, Killinger, Kmsolla, Lamison, McKee, Mc-
fri?„nhe3!', SoNeely. Merrick Benjamin P. Meyers,
KbeU' Moore, Leonard Myers, Silas L. Niblack,
Peck, Perry, Peters. Piatt, William R. Roberts,
Rusk'Sessions,Sherwood, Shober,
& Sloeum, bloss, Worthmgton C. Smith, Snapp
bprague, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe. Dwight Town-
Whlt^ev&iXrt?de11' ^alden> Waldron, Wheeler.
Wood—ff Whltthorne- Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
DuriDg the vote,
On motion of Mr RANDALL, the reading
of the names was dispensed vrtth.
Mr. GAUFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I again ask unanimous consent, before the re-
sult of this vote is announced, that I may be
permitted to offer the resolution fixing the
hour of meeting at eleven o'clock.
Objection was made.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
And then (at four o'clock and forty-two
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
So the motion was agreed to,
petitions, jstc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The resolutions of the
Massachusetts Press Association, protesting
against the passage of the law requiring the
prepayment of postage upon newspapers to
regular subscribers before mailing, and asking
a consideration of the injustice that will be
done to journalism in the United States by
enforcing such a provision.
Also, the petition of Mark Allen, publisher
of the Woburu Advertiser, of Massachusetts,
representing in part thirteen hundred newspa-
pers, about two fifths of all the country news-
papers published in the United States, praying
that the four words "and wholly printed
and" may be stricken out of the bill to amend
the second section of the postal laws, so that
the printing of one side of country newspa-
pers at a central office within the United
States may not be prohibited by the Govern-
ment.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Milton
R. Scott, T. H. Barkdull, S. S. Bloom, and
others, against certain changes in the postal
laws calculated to injure the circulation of
weekly newspapers not wholly printed within
the counties where mailed.
By Mr. BUPPIN TON: The memorial of
Bridge, Lord &_Co., and 64 others, firms
and citizens, ship-builders, merchants, cap-
tains, and owners of vessels, of Barnstable
county, Massachusetls, praying the repeal of
the act of Congress entitled "An act to au-
thorize the appointment of shipping commis-
sioners by the several circuit courts of the
United States to superintend the shipping and
discharge of seamen engaged in the merchant
ships belonging to the United States, and for
the further protection of seamen," approved
June 1, 1872. 11
By Mr. CHIPMAN; The memorial of J.
Enthroffer, with accompanying papers, pray-
ing relief.
Also, the memorial of E. H. May, asking
legislation to authorize the appointment ot a
shipping commission in the District of Co
lumbia.
Also, the memorial of N. G. Starkweather
and others, members of the Washington Light
A.rtillery, praying an appropriation by Congress
of a light battery, with necessary equipments
tor the same, with suitable armory for its safe
keeping.
By Mr. CRITCHER: The memorial and
petition of Lewis H. Garnett and others, pray-
ing indemnity for French spoliations.
Also, the petition of William G. Smith and
others, praying restitution of sums levied
upon them and others by the order of Brig-
adier General William W. Morris, for the sun-
posed destruction of the Cape Charles light-
house m 1863. s
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of seventy
officers, who have received wounds or disabili-
ties m the service of the United States, askin"
that in the increase of pensions granted in
recent laws the pensions of officers may be
increased m the same proportion as those of
enlisted men.
By Mr. DODDS: the memorial of F. M.
Alayera, late third assistant engineer of the
