272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
1 move the reference of the bill to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
namk and location of a bank.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 127*2) authorizing the East
Cluster National Bank of Mount Vernon to
change its location and name, to report it
bark without amendmeut.
Mr. MORTON. It in somewhat important
in a business point of view to the parties
interested in this matter to have the bill passed
at once. I am sure there will be 110 otyectiou
to it, and I ask uuauimous consent to put it
on its passage.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest that perhaps it would be better to reserve
the report until to-morrow morning, as the
Senator from Kentucky rose to announce the
decease of his late colleague an-d only yielded
to routine morning business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can withdraw the
report until to-morrow, unless the Senator
from Kentucky will yield for the considera-
tion of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is merely changing
the location of a bank, it will not take a
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think if the Senator
from Kentucky will allow the bill to be read it
can be passed in a moment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
East Chester National B^nk of Mount Vernon,
now located in the village of Mount Vernon,
county of Westchester, New York, to change
its location to the city of Evansville, county
of Vanderburg, Indiana, and make the usual
provisions bs to prescribing the details of the
manner in which the change shall be effected.
Whenever the location of the bank (hall
have been changed from the village of Mount
Vernon to the city of Evansville, its name is to
be changed to the German National ttauk of
Evansville, if the board of directors of the
bank shall accept the new name by resolution
of the board, and caase a copy of such resolu-
tion, duly authenticated, to be filed with the
Comptroller of the Currency.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
thiid reading, read the third time, and passed.
DEATH OF HON. GARRETT DAVIS.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I rise
to announce an event which will be received
by the Senate, I am sure, with profound regret
and the sincerest sorrow.
Hon. Garrett Davis. late a Senator from
the Commonwealth of Kentucky in the Con-
gress of the United States, is no morel
Upon the 22d of September last, at his own
home seer Paris, Kentucky, he passed quietly
away, cheered by the presence of his sorrow-
ing children and surrounded by devoted per-
sona.) friends.
It 18 to realize that bis long life of faith-
ful public service is ended. We grieve thirt
those earnest, fearless utterances in the sup-
port of whatever he deemed right, those fieroe
and impassioned denunciations of whatever
he be! ieved to be wrong, so often heard in this
Chamber, are hushed forever.
Although the rapidly declining health of the
departed Senator during our last session ren-
dered the sad event which we are now called
upon to deplore not improbable, still every
heart, in -She Chamber is deeply touched by
its- reality. Pull of years and full of honors,
Mr. Davib has passed away. All that is left
to is the memory of his virtues and the re-'
membrance of his exalted patriotism.
This is not the place, nor the present the
thn^foranyenlogiirm or lengthened sketch of
the fife and public services of my late col-
league and friend. And yet, Mr. President,
my sad trust would seem to me but half dis-
charged we re I to omit all reference to some
of the salient and striking traits which marked
1 bis life.
Garrett Davis was a native of Kentucky.
He was born in Mount Sterling, on the 10th of
September, 1801. His father and mother
emigrated from Montgomery county, Mary-
land, to the county of the same name in Ken-
tucky. His mother was a Miss Garrett—a
family still well and widely known in Mary-
land—and it was from his mother's family
that he derived his own baptismal name. His
father was a man of marked character. To
energy and industry he added strong will and
great personal popularity. He was for many
years the sheriff of his adopted county, and
represented it several times in the lower branch
of the General Assembly of Kentucky. The
strongly marked character of the parents was
deeply impressed upon their children. Mr.
Davis was one of three brothers. The brilliant
talents of two of them, Amos and Singleton
Davis, long since dead, are still remembered
in Kentucky, while the long and distinguished
public service of him whom we to day mourn
is imperishably interwoven with the public
annals of the entire country.
Mr. Davis enjoyed the advantages of what
we know in Kentucky as a common county
school. At the early period when his father
left Maryland to find a new home in the wild
and sparsely settled portion of Kentucky,
where he settled the means of instruction were
extremely limited. Mr. Davis applied him-
self diligently, and soon acquired a good Eng-
lish education, with some Knowledge of the
Latin and Greek languages. At an early age
he determined to study law. With a view of
practical knowledge, he sought employment
as a deputy in the circuit court clerk's office
of Montgomery county. In 1828 he removed
to Bourbon county, where he continued to pros-
ecute his legal studies, and at the same time to
write in the circuit court clerk's office of that
county. About the year 1824 he commenced
the practice of his profession at Paris, and to it
he consecrated Hie earlier years of life with
enthusiasts devotion.
In 1825 he married the daughter of Robert
Trimble, a distinguished jurist, who became
subsequently a judge of the Supreme Court <rf
the Uuited States. This accomplished woman i
died in Washington in 1842, leaving a son and
two daaghters, who survive their father. In
1845 Mr. Davis married the widow of Thomas
Elliott, a prominent lawyer at the Paris bar.
She died in October, 1868, leaving one son,
who is living.
Mr. Davis was indefatigable and laborious
in hislegal studies. •' Such industry produced
its fruits." His business increased, and he
rapidly rose to a high position at a bar which [
then numbered some of the most prominent
lawyers in the Commonwealth. He regarded \
| the law as the noblest science of intellectual
! triumph. He loved the administration of jus-
' tice. It challenged his admiration and stimu-
lated his professional aspirations. All who
have encountered him as an opponent in the
trial of an important catrse, as it has been my
experience occasionally to have done, will
bear willing testimony to his high qualities as
an able and strong lawyer. His last argument
bnt one in the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the reported case of Missouri vs.
Kentucky, is a lasting memorial of his legal
learning and professional power. Had nis
whole life been devoted exclusively to profes-
sional labor, none who knew him could doubt
that he would have reached the summit of
professional eminence, ahd have become an
acknowledged leader before any court.
Mr. Davis took an active and prominent
part in the political contests of Kentucky from
his earliest manhood. Always an Ardent Whig,
and frequently the selected standard-bearer of
his party in its most excited struggles, his
clarion voice rang throughout the Common-
wealth in defense of the principles of that
patriotic and gallant organization. He was
the trusted and tried friend of Henry Clay,
and enjoyed to a preeminent degree his confi-
dence and regard.
He represented Bourbon county in the
lower branch of the General Assembly of
Kentucky for many years. Always conserva-
tive in his views, he took a prominent and
successful part in shaping the legislation of
the State. For eight consecutive years he was
chosen, over able and distinguished competi-
tors, by the electors of the Ashland district
their Representative to the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, and then vol-
untarily retired. The debates in that body
during that period attest his power and
strength as a ready and sklilful debater.
He was nominated as Lieutenant Governor
on the gubernatorial ticket with John J. Crit-
tenden, but at his earnest request was excused
by the convention. In 1861, amid perils and
dangers of a revolutionary struggle, he was
elected as an old line Union Whig to succeed
John C. Breckinridge in the Senate of the
United States. He was the strong opponent
of secession, and at that time for the rigid
prosecution of the war to restore the Union.
In 1867 he was reflected to the Senate—a
proud tribute to his fidelity and zeal in up-
holding the honor and guarding the interests
of his State. Had he lived his senatorial
term would have expired on the 3d of March,
1873.
Mr. Davis and myself, until some time after
the commencement of the late war, had been
always political opponents. We had both been
reared in opposing political schools and dif-
fered widely in our Views as to the powers and
policy of the Federal Government. Still we
were friends. I became associated with him
in the public service for the first time in Octo-
ber, 1849. He, my present colleague, and
myself met as members of the convention
which framed and adopted the present consti-
tu'.ion of Kentucky. It was at that period,
in a daily intercourse of several months, that
I formed an opinion of Garrett Davis which
I have never had occasion to change. 1
thought then, as I think now, that he was a
strong and in many respects a most remark-
able man. His character was cast in a mold
oF striking antagonisms. Its strong element
rested in that moral power which brought to
its aid a concentrated will and conscious rec-
titude that challenged and alike defied opposi-
tion. His heart knew no fear. Popular opin-
ion had no terror for him in advocating meas-
ures he believed to be right. I recall a strik-
ing incident. During the session of our con-
stitutional convention, Mr. Davis, then 1 sin-
cere advocate of the principles of a then exist-
ing political organization known as the Ameri-
can party, introduced into that body a series
of resolutions proposing by constitutional en-
actment to exclude from the right to hold
office in the future all Roman Catholics and
requiring on the part of all f6rergn born citi-
zens a residence of twenty-one years as a pre-
requisite on their part to the enjoyment of
the right Of suffrage.
The resolutions were opposed with singular
unanimity by four fifths 01 the convention, and
by none more sternly than bymvself. I know,
or rather I have good reason to believe, that
many party friends of Mr. Davis went to him
privately and urged their withdrawal. They
insisted that his advocacy and vote for the pro-
posed measures would not only lead to his
downfall, but bring down the party with him.
He replied that he "knew no party call when
his duty commanded him to serve his country
and State by the enactment of measures he
believed. For several days he stood almost
alone as the earnest, bold, and fearless advo-
cate of his resolutions, repelling every assault,
and supporting them with a zeal I have rarely
seen surpassed. Out of the body, composed
