1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
master of the first Kentucky infantry volun-
teers, with the amount of certain vouchers
made to him in return for the disbursement
or other use of Government funds and stores
by him while serving, during the late war of
the rebellion, as regimental, or acting brigade,
division, or post quartermaster, or as regi-
mental, or acting brigade, division, or post
commissary of subsistence, which were burned
or otherwise destroyed by the rebel forces at
McMinnville, Tennessee, on or about the 2d
of October, 1863, in such measure as such
credit or relief shall appear to such account-
ing officers, npon examination, to bejustified.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ALONZO J. MARSII.
Mr. LOGAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
committed the bill (H. R. No. 882) restoring
Captain Alonzo J. Marsh to his position in
the Army, and that he be honorably mustered
out of the service as of the date of the mus-
tering out of his regiment, to report it back
favorably, and I ask that it be put on its pass-
age.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It directs the Secretary of War to restore
Alonzo J. Marsh, late a captain of company
H eleventh regiment veteran reserve corps,
to his position as such captain, and grant him
an honorable muster-out as of the date on
which he was dismissed, to wit, on March 7,
1865. , _ ■
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
, ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CAMERON. Objection was made by
mistake 
Mr. STEWART. Wait until we get through
with the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the reg-
ular order insisted upon?
Mr. STEWART. It is insisted upon until
I can get one more bill considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only
remaining bill on the Calendar, as the Chair
understands, is the bill (H. R. No. 3922)
making appropriations for the repair, preser-
vation, and completion of certain public works
on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. There must be
another bill on the Calendar. I am waiting
patiently for it to be called.
Mr. STEWART. My bill is there on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is on
the last print of the Calendar no bill later in
the order of business than 1249.
Mr. STEWART. Mine is not on the printed
Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hold a copy
of the bill to which I refer in my hand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
on the printed Calendar.
Mr. STEWART. Let the bill be read
which I have been waiting for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported, subject to objection.
JOINT ENTRY BY PREEMPTION SETTLERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2202) authorizing joint entry by preemption
settlers, and for other purposes. The bill pro-
vides that when settlements have been made
upon agricultural public lauds of the United
States prior to their survey, and it has been or
shall be ascertained after the public surveys
have been extended oyer such lands that two
or more settlers have improvements upon the
same legal subdivision, it shall be lawful for
such settlers to make joint entry of their lands
at the local land office, or for either of the
settlers to enter into contract with his coset-
tlers to convey to them their portion of the
land after a patent is issued to him, and, after
making the contract, to file a declaratory
statement in his own name, and prove up and
pay for the land, and proof of joint occupation
by himself and others, and of such contract
with them made, is to be equivalent to proof
of sole occupation and preemption by the ap-
plicant ; but in no case is the amount patented
under this act to exceed one hundred and sixty
acres, nor is this act to apply to lands not sub-
ject to homestead orpreemption entry. Effect
is to be given to this act by regulations to
be prescribed by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
Mr. POMEROY. Under that bill men can
only preempt one hundred .and sixty acres all
told.
Mr. STEWART. That is all; it is a limit-
ation on their rights.
Mr. POMEROY. But it should say "one
hundred and sixty acres to one party."
Mr. STEWART. No; to all of them if
they go in together. It is right as it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the bill been reported
from a committee ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir; it has passed
the House and been reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. The effect of it is
simply this 
Mr. SHERMAN. I only wished to know
that it was reported by a committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
MILES GREENWOOD.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 3569, for the reliefof Miles Greenwood.
Mr. POMEROY. There are some House
bills on the table.
Mr. KELLY. There are several bills yet
on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the only private
bill that I have asked the Senate to pass this
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
]}US1Q6SS
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
act on this bill now. I have the floor, and I
can move to take it up in order. We are
through with the printed Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. But there are some House
bills on the table not acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has the floor. There are on the
table several bills from the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill which
I have called up be read and acted upon. It
has passed the House of Representatives, and
it is reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I know the man, and kuow it to be
a just claim. It simply allows him to sue in
the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
one word that we may come to an under-
standing. I want to know if there is a written
Calendar behind this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Maine that there
lies upon the Vice President's table a print
of the Calendar dated "Saturday, March 1,
1873," which is the only one of which the
Chair is apprised, and the last order of busi-
ness on that Calendar is No. 1249.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am advised
that there is a written Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe my bill is pend-
ing. Let it be read and then I will give way.
It is the only private bill I have asked the
Senate to pass this session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I intend to
object from this time on until I know whether
there are any other bills on the Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have one of
them in my hand.
Mr. KELLY. And I have one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
can only say that he knows of no Calendar
except the printed one which he has, and that
Calendar has been called through in respect
of House bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Chair
will excuse me, I am advised by the Clerk
that there are bills that have been entered
upon a written Calendar. I want them con-
sidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed by the Secretary that the Senator
from Maine is right in supposing that there
are House bills reported since the Calendar
was last printed, which, although not upon the
Calendar, are among the bills as on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I hope my friend
will allow me to take up my bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to set-
tle the question whether that is to be regarded
as the Calendar and we are to proceed with
it. I am not going to object to the motion of
my honorable friend from Ohio, but I wish to
inquire of the Chair whether it is in order, if
we choose to enforce it, to insist on the Cal-
endar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that by the rule under which the
Senate is acting these remaining bills are in
order as much as if they were upon the printed
Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well.
Now I do not object to the motion of my friend
from Ohio. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio now asks the Senate to consider
the bill the title of which has been reported
and the Chair hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 3569)
for the relief Miles Greenwood. The bill pro-
poses to allow Miles Greenwood, of Cincin-
nati, Ohio, to submit his claim for further
compensation for the construction of the iron-
clad monitor Tippecanoe, within six months
after the passage of this act, to the Court of
Claims, under and in compliance with the rules
and regulations of the court; and the court is
to have jurisdiction to hear and determine and
render judgment upon the same; but the in-
vestigation of the claim is to be made upon the
following basis: the court is to ascertain the
additional cost which was necessarily incurred
by the contractor for building the iron-clad
monitor Tippecanoe, in the completion of the
same, by reason of any changes or alterations
in the plans and specifications required, and
delays in .the prosecution of the work, which
were not provided for in the original contract;
but no allowance for any advance in the price
of labor or material is to be considered, unless
such advance occurred during the prolonged
term for completing the work rendered neces-
sary by the delay, resulting from the action of
the Government, and then only when' such
advance could not have been avoided by the
exercise of ordinary prudence and diligence on
the part of the contractor; and the compensa-
tion fixed by the contract between the con-
tractor and the Government for specific altera-
tions is to be conclusive as to the compensation
to be made therefor. All moneys paid to the
contractor by the Government over and above
the original contract price for the building of
the vessel are to be deducted from any amounts
allowed by the court, by reason of the matters
hereinbefore stated, and if any of such changes
caused less work and expense to the contractor
than the original plans and specifications, a
