1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1239
He also presented two petitions of pub-
lishers of newspapers of Missouri, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill before Con-
gress regulating the postage on printed mat-
ter ; which were referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented three petitions
of citizens of Ohio, late soldiers in the United
States Army, praying for the passage of the
soldiers' bounty land bill; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying for a prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
within the United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of L. G.
Gould, publisher of the Eaton Democrat, of
Preble county, Ohio, and the petition of Smith
Townsley, publisher of the Jackson Herald,
of Jackson county, Ohio, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill before Congress regu-
lating the postage on printed matter; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pike county, Ohio, late soldiers in the United
States Army, praying for the passage of the
bounty land bill; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the His-
torical and Philosophical Society of Ohio, in
favor of an appropriation for the purchase of
certain original and important documents re-
lating to the early French discoveries on the
lakes and the Mississippi, never yet published;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. THURMAN. I have been requested
to present the proceedings of the Cincinnati
Bar Association, suggesting a change in the
mode of procedure where national banks are
parties. I should move to refer this to the
Committee on Finance, but that I am requested
that it may go before the Judiciary Committee
as it relates to the manner of judicial proceed-
ings and not to any measure of finance. I
move that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Benjamin D. Lakin, praying the repayment of
$1,000 paid by him for a substitute; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of
citizens of Granite Falls, Minnesota, praying
the passage of the bounty land bill; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. POM-EROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, in reference to
Fort Harker reservation ; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in reference to outrages per-
petrated by Sioux and Arapahoe Indians;
which were referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I also present resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas in reference
to the bill pending in Congress for the relief
of settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands. I
move that they be printed and laid on the
table, as a bill on that subject is now pending
and I shall embrace an early opportunity to
ask its consideration by the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Mrs.
Nannie Hall, praying to be paid for cotton
and other property seized or destroyed by
United States troops during the late rebellion ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims. .
Mr. WINDOM presented the memorial oi
James E. Child, publisher of the Waseca
Weekly News, of Minnesota, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill before Congress
regulating the postage on printed matter;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads:
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of De
Witt C. Chipman, late collector of the eleventh
district of Indiana, praying the payment of
moneys withheld from him to cover uncol-
lected taxes and expenses during his incum-
bency of the office of collecter of internal rev-
enue. This is an amended petition. I move
its reference to the Committee on Finance;
and in this connection I desire to move that
his former petition, which was referred to the
Committee on Finance some days since and
reported upon unfavorably, may be recom-
mitted to that committee together with the
report. I have consulted my honorable friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] who made that
report, and he has consented that the peti-
tion shall be recommitted together with this
amended petition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
tHOKY.) That order will be made.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of John
Carter, praying an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented seven petitions
of citizens of Michigan, publishers of news-
papers, praying that the words "and wholly
printed and" be omitted from the pending
amendment to the postal laws; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of A.
Ackerman, publisher of the Chronicle, of
Warrenton, Warren county, Missouri, praying
that the words " and wholly printed and" be
omitted from the pending amendment to the
postal laws; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of sol-
diers and seamen of the war of 1812, praying
for a modification of the pension laws ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented a
memorial of E. S. Jaffray & Co. and others,
citizens of New York, remonstrating against
the repeal of the bankrupt law ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STEWART presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Nevada, in regard to the pub-
lic lands in that State ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented three petitions
of citizens of Illinois, publishers of news-
papers, praying certain words be stricken
from the pending amendment to the postal
laws ; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of Rock Island, Illinois, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill (II. R.
No. 554) for dividing the State of Illinois
into three judicial districts, and for other pur-
poses ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition of
John C. Dennis, praying indemnity for losses
incurred in the construotion of a retaining wall
along the Louisville and Portland canal ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Emily
Miller be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House, in pursuance
of the twenty-second joint rule of the two
Houses, had appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. James B. Beck, of
Kentucky, tellers on the part of the House
of Representatives to receive and count the
votes for President and Vice President of the
United States.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3919) to author-
ize the President to ascertain the value of cer-
tain lands in the State of Iowa, north of the
Raccoon fork of the Des Moines river, held
by settlers under the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 3496) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2, 1867.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
Mr. WRIGHT. A bill has just been re-
ceived from the House of Representatives. If
the circumstances were different I would ask
to put the bill on its passage at once, but inas-
much as the same bill in substance has been
reported by the committee of this body and
has passed this body, I ask that the House bill
may be placed on the Calendar.
The bill (H. R. No. 3919) to authorize the
President to ascertain the value of certain
lands in the State of Iowa, north of the Rac-
coon fork of the Des Moines river, held by
spttlers under the preemption and homestead
laws of the United States, was read twice by
its title, and placed on the Calendar.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. ANTHONY and Mr. NYE submitted
amendments intended to be proposed by them
to the bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3498) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending Juue 30, 1874; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom were
referred the bill (S. No. 1472) to repeal an act
entitled "An act regulating the construction
of bridges across the Missouri river," approved
June 4, 1872, and the bill (S. No. 1473) to
amend the eighth section of an act_ entitled
"An act to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Mississippi river at or near
the town of Clinton, in the the State of Iowa,
and other bridges across said river, and to
establish them as post roads," approved April
1, 1872, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. KELLY. I ask that those bills be
placed on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was recommitted the bill (S. No.
1223) to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1872, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph
S. E'inch & Co., praying a refund of certain
taxes paid on distilled spirits lost by the fall-
ing of their warehouse, liave instructed me to t
report it back and aak to be discharged from
its farther consideration, the principal relief
prayed for having been granted under a gen-
eral law passed since the petition was pre-
sented.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
petition of Marcus Otterbourg, reported a bill
