1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21139
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from In-
diana has converted me. I have voted hereto-
fore in exceptional cases for raising these pen-
sions one by one from thirty dollars to fifty
dollars per month. I know this lady. She is
one of the most estimable ladies I ever knew
in my life. She used to live in Michigan ; she
lived there for many years. She is a charming
lady, and if I would vote to increase the pen-
sion of any woman on earth, it would be the
pension of Mrs. Morris. I agree with my hon-
orable friend from Indiana that if we increase
a single one we should increase them all.
The other day Mrs. Birney—you all know
who she is; her husband fought gallantly
through the war—came here to have her pen-
sion increased to fifty dollars a month. I came
in and asked my friend from Indiana whether
it could be done. He told me very frankly it
could not be done without a general law, that
he would oppose any increase of those pen-
sions. Am I not right?
Mr. PRATT. You are right, entirely so.
Mr. CHANDLER. I went back to the re-
ception-room and told her she had no chance
whatever unless a general law was passed.
Now, sir, while all Senators know the kind-
ness of my heart and my desire to vote for every
benevolent measure, I am thoroughly converted
to the doctrine of my friend from Indiana and
I shall vote with him against increasing any
pension to anybody above thirty dollars a mont h
unless you make the increase general. It is
unjust to pass these special bills. As he says,
the widow of a private is entitled to the same
consideration as the widow of a major general.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then a private should
be entitled to the same pension as a major
general.
Mr CHANDLER. No, sir; but entitled to
the same rate of increase. If you raise the
pension of the widow of a major general from
thirty dollars to fifty dollars, then raise the pen-
sion of the widow of the private soldier from
eight dollars proportionately. Let us have
it done in a general law. I do not say that I
will vote for it, but I do say that from this time
henceforth 1 shall never vote except upon a
general bill for any increase of pension to any
single individual. We have raised the pen-
sions of a few widows from thirty dollars to
fifty dollars. As a rule they have been widows
who have been around this town prepared to
advocate their own claims. I should think I
had been approached about seventeen or eigh-
teen hundred times. I should think I had been
solicited to vote for an increase of pension,
how many I cannot tell, and probably I
have voted for them more frequently than I
ought to have dope. I have a slight weakness
for widows [laugSter] and on these, personal
solicitations I suppose I have done wrong ; but
from this time forth I shall stand with my
friend from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senator of the five-minutes
rule.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is my time up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, and
more.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to correct a state-
ment that I made. While discussing this bill
I confounded it with the case of Mrs. Wood,
which my friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Frelinghuysen] was anxious to have con-
sidered this eveuiug. One remark that I made
was applicable to Mrs. Wood's case, but is not
applicable to Mrs. Morris's case; and that is
the correction which I wish to make. I have
said that the case of Mrs. Wood came to the
Senate without one particle of evidence. So far
as the case of Mrs. Morris is concerned, I dare
say there was the usual amount of evidence of
the services of her husband, though that case
was not reported by me, but by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Logaii.] This is 'the cor-
rection which 1 desired to make.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say a word in favor of this bill 
Mr. STE W ART and others. It is not neces-
sary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well;
then I will not say a word.
Mr. WRIGHT. In view of the fact that I
understand this to be claimed as an exception to
the general law, and especially in view of all
that has been said by the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions, in view of the fact
that we have an adverse report here, and the
proposition is to override that report and
override the uniform action of the committee,
I think this bill is of sufficient importance to
take the sense of the Senate upon it other-
wise than by a mere response. I therefore ask
that there shall be a division upon the ques-
tion, and if there shall appear to be a major-
ity for it, I shall insist upon the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let us have the yeas
and nays at once. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill in order to save time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
passage of thfs bill the yeas and nays are
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 36, nays 8 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Cragin,
Davis, Ferry of Michigan, B'relinghuysen, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitch-
cook, Logan, Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stewart, Thurrnan, Vickers, and West—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Harlan,
Kelly, Pratt, Robertson, Windom, and Wright—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair,
Brownlow, Buckingham,Clayton,Corbett, Edmunds,
l'1 en to ii, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Texas, Hammi, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Schurz,
Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Wilson—29.
So the bill was passed.
mks. hannah w. sumner.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I _ move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the bill which has been reported in the case of
Mrs. Wood. It is House bill No. 3824.
Mr. KELLY. I call for the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT. I appeal to the Senator from
New Jersey 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter, in the chair.) The Senator from New
Jersey is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOTT. There is another pension case
of a character similar to that just acted upon
next below it oti the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT. I appeal to the Senator from
New Jersey to give way for one moment while
I make a statement. Taking the vote of the
Senate just given as an instruction, the
Committee on Pensions have committed an
error, not to say a wrong, in recommending
that the House bill for the relief of Mrs.
Hannah W. Sumner should be indefinitely
postponed. It was postponed on my own
recommendation, or rather on my own motion.
The reasons why it was postponed are given
in the report which I have just read. Now I
think that vote should be reconsidered in the
light of the judgment the Senate has just ex-
pressed. I therefore desire, if my friend will
allow me, to enter a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 2505) to
increase the pension of Mrs. Hannah W. Sum-
ner, widow of Major General Edwin V. Sum-
ner, deceased, was postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana, asks unanimous consent to re-
consider the vote by which the bill to which
he refers was postponed. Is there objection ?
The Chair hears none. The motion will be
entered.
Mr. PRATT. Now let me proceed a step
further. I ask that the bill be put on its
MRS. ANN M. WOOD.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have a mo-
tion now pending. I will vote for that bill
after this one is disposed of. I had already
moved to take up Mrs. Wood's bill; and I
simply wish to say in answer to the remark
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Pensions that there was no evidence in refer-
ence to the case of Mrs. Wood, the widow of
Assistant Surgeon General Wood. Everybody
knows who she is; everybody knows the
services of her husband. The bill passed the
House by a unanimous vote.
Mr. PRATT. Did I understand the Sen-
ator to say that there was any evidence that
accompanied the bill to the Senate?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I said there
was no necessity of any evidence. Everybody
knows that her husband was with Sherman's
army all through the war, and, as General
Sherman has told me himself, had sometimes
ten thousand maimed and wounded soldiers
under his charge. Then we all know that she
is in poverty, and that she is the daughter of
General Taylor, for whom the nation has
never done anything. The House seized the
opportunity by a unanimous vote to pass this
bill, which we have been waiting here two or
three hours to get passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. What was the rank of
Dr. Wood?
Mr. CAMERON. Assistant Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Army.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not like to have
too much legislation, but as everything that I
have advocated for the last four days has been
beaten and everything that I have opposed has
passed, I now desire to make a motion and
advocate it, thinking perhaps that that will
kill it. [Laughter. ] I move that every widow
of an officer of the same rank as Dr. Wood 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator from Michigan that
there is a motion now pending, and his motion
will not be in order until that is disposed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am talking to the
pending motion. I say I am going to make
this motion as soon as the one before the Sen-
ate is disposed of. I am going to make that
motion when it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from J^jchigan g'ves notice that when it
is in order he will make a certain motion.
[Laughter.] ' '
Mr. CHANDLER. But I want to talk a
little on the present motion before the Senate.
I want to give a reason why my motion should
be adopted when I make it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will say to the Senator that that is not in order.
The bill before the Senate will be reported.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 3824)
granting a pension to Mrs. Ann M. Wood,
widow of Robert C. Wood, late assistant surgeon
gen eral of the Un ited States Army, and daughter
of Zachary Taylor, late President of the United
States. It directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension roll the name of Mrs.
Ann M. Wood, widow of Robert C. Wood, late
assistant surgeon general of the United States
Army, and daughter of Zachary Taylor, late
President of the United States, at the rate ot
fifty dollars per month, to date from the death
of her husband, March 28, 1869.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now desire to move
as an amendment to that bill that the widows
of all officers of equal rank with the husband
of Mrs. Wood be added to that bill. Is that
in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules that motion not in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. That motion is
certainly in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
pending bill the Senator from Michigan moves
to add to the bill all widows of officers of the
