276
THE C0NGKESS10NAL GLOBE.
December 18,
taken some part 111
animadversions upon
local discussions, and
antagonists were com-
mon. Ibis had not prepared me to regard
Mr. 1 vvi-i with an impaitial judgment, and
we had scarcely indulged the ordinary cour-
tesies of acquaintance, until an occasion pre-
sented, as I conceived, a better illustration of
the spirit of the man than the political arena
had furnished. 1 was then, as at present,
unknown to fame, but a subject of interest
being under considera'ion in the convention,
took occasion to join in the debate, and upon
the conclusion of my remarks Mr Davis arose
from his seat on the opposite side of the hall
and approached me with n pleasant smile and
extended hand, congratulating me upon the
eft'ort just made, and expressidg n wish to
become better acquainted. This incident de-
> eloped, as 1 thought, a trait of character but
seldom shown and a spirit perhaps more
seldom felt by tho>e engaged in the excite-
ments of political life, and I could but feel
most sensiolv that 1 had neither known nor
justly appreciated the impulses by which he
had been moved.
Mr. Davis was a devoted friend of thegreat
commoner, Henry Clay ; was his intimate as-
sociate, and shared his confidence to a very
great extent: and though not his equal in elo-
quence, oratory, or genius, (as how few were.)
was a strong pillar in the Whig party—a
man of very decided character, great perspicu-
ity of thought, nervous in expression, but
always chaste and generally classic in the
choice of weapons used in discission. As a
patriot looking with undivided attachment
upon his country, her cause was his cause,
her preservation his grand object, and right
or wrong she was his country and above all
others. In the maintenance of what he con-
ceived to be her interests and for the preser-
vation of the rights of the people under con-
stitutional government, none were more bold
or determined. His zeal in her cause has
occasionally led him into political collisions of
a very heated and rather intemperate charac-
ter ; and vet in all these, the distinctive pur
pose of constitutional preservation has been
clearly and unmistakably marked.
Soon after the late civil strife had com-
menced, Mr. Davis by the Legislature of Ken-
tucky was sent to the Senate of the United
States, where the balance of his life was spent.
Twice indorsed by his own State: once under
circumstances of great excitement, and a sec-
ond time when cool dispassionate judgment
decided upon the worth of his intellectual
services to the State and country. He died
full ot years and honors, and like the mailed
warrior of old, with his armor on ; and I doubt
not to-day is reaping the reward of the Chris-
tian soidier made perfect, in the laud where the
clangor of arms will no more be heard, and
the harmony of unbroken peace forever reigns.
Mr. President. I cannot say that even very
often I have thought Mr. Davis right in his
conclusions as to national policy. We rarely
agreed in our views or harmonized in action;
but I can say witb perfect freedom and candor
that I believe he was actuated by the purest
devotion to what he believed to be the interest
and welfare of our country, and in this I doubt
not I shall have the hearty accord of all this
honorable body with whom he has been so
long associated, and by whom he was so much
better known than by myself. That he was with-
out faults none will contend, for so to have
been would have been above mortality. They
were, however, few, and none of venal char- i
acter. It has been said that— j
" The evil that men do lives after them, I
The good is oft interred with their bones;" I
but this was Pagan philosophy unenlightened
by the benignant reign of Christian charity and
civilization. If from any act of Mr. D.ivis
evil resulted, that evil is or will soon be for-
gotten, and his many virtues will be highly
cherished as long as patriotism has an advocate
and moral boldness an admirer.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The question is on the
adoption of the resolutions.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
and the Senate (at two o'clock and thirty min-
utes p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wkdxksday, December 18, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. .1, G. Biti.kr, D. 1).
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
new post koad.
Mr. ARTHUR. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill establishing a post road,
for consideration now.
There was no objection, and the bill (H.
R. No. 8255) to establish a post road was
received and read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It proposes to estab
lish as a post road the road from Carrollton
to W'orthville, county of Carroll, and State of
Kentucky.
The bill was orde"ed to be eugrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
banks in this district.
Mr. MONROE. My colleague from Ohio
[Mr. Bixuham] has courteously consented to
my having one minute to report a bill frotn
the Conuni'tee on B;mking and Currency. I ask
unanimous consent to report hack from that
Committee, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill ( H. R. No. 'H83) to author-
ize the examination of certain banks.
There was no objection.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Comp-
troller of the Currency, in addition to the
powers now conferred upon him by law for
the examination of national banks, whenever
he may deem it useful, to cause examination
to be made into the condition of any bank in
the District of Columbia organized under act
1 of Congress. The Comptroller, at his di.scre
tion, may report to Congress the results of
such examination. Tha expense necessarily
incurred in the execution of this act shall be
paid out of any appropriation made by Con- ,
gress for special bank examinations. j
Mr. MONROE. I desire to state that the j
object of the bill is simply to give the Comp-
troller of the Currency power to examine any
banks in the District of Columbia which are
organized under act of Congress. Sonic of
the savings banks have been made the subject
of some criticism in the newspapers; and the
president of the best known of these banks
called upon me to say that he desired such an
examination. I know the Comptroller is
desirous of making such an examination.
Every member of the Committee oil Banking
and Currency agrees in recommending the
passage of the bill. Every member of the
Committee on Banking and Currency recom-
mends the passage of the bill, and so do a
number of the members of the House with
whom I have conversed on the subject, includ-
ing the Delegate from th  District of Columbia
and the chairman of the Committee for the
District of Columbia. 1 do not suppose there
can be any opposition to its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading ; and being i|
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third |!
time, and passed.
Mr. MONROE moved to reconsider the ;
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also 1,
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid |
on the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. j
tinsley, van iiorn and company. j
Mr KING. I ask unanimous consent that
the bill ( H. R. No. 847) forthe relief of Tinsley, |l
Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark, ii
and J. N. Henderson & Co.. of Louisiana,
| Missouri, which has been returned from the
Senate with an amendment, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and that the amendment be
concurred in.
No objection was made, and the bill was
taken up and read. It authorizes the Secre
tary of the Treasury to investigate the claim of
Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall &
Clark, and J. N. Henderson k Co.. tobacconists
of the city of Louisiana, Missouri, for the abate-
ment and remission of certain taxes assessed
against them forthe months of October and No-
vember, 1807, and to abate and remit, in whole
or in part, as he may think just, the taxes so
assessed against the said firms upon their prop
erty destroyed by lire on the 15th of Novem
her, 1867.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the bill the following proviso :
Provided. That no abatement or remission of tax
as aforesaid shall be made or allowed except for
taxes which actually accrued upon tobacco de-
stroyed by Miid fire, and which remained due and
uncollected.
The amendment of the Seua'e was con-
curred in.
Mr. KING moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was concurred in ; ami
also moved that the' moiion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NIAGUtA SIMP-CANAL.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Com-
merce the memorial to Congress and report
of the executive committee of the Detroit
Commercial Convention, held at the city of
Detroit, Michigan, December 13, 1871, in re-
lation to the Niagara ship-canal, and mov> d
that the same be recommitted to the commit
tee and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
two per cent. fund
Mr. BANKS. I call for the regular ord"r
of business.
The House resumed as the regular order of
business the consideration of the report ( No.
21 and joint resolution H. R. No. 80) upon
the two per cent, fund of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois.
The SPEAKER Upon this question the
previous question was ordered pr>or to the
adjournment last evening, and the gentlenun
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the
floor for one hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield twenty minutes <>f
my time to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hawley.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
in the short time allotted to me to discuss this
resolution, I shall be able to refer to but tew
of the questions really involved in it. It has
been sought by those who are opposed to the
measure to charge to the States of Ohio, In-
diana, and Illinois the money which has been
expended by the Government on what is called
the Cumberland road.
Now, for the purpose of understanding this
question, I propose to refer briefly to the early
legislation of the country in reference to what
are called the landed States. The first States
known as landed States which were admitted
into the Union were required each to surrender
the right for five years after sale to tax the
lands owned by the Government of the United
States, and I desire every member of the House
to give special attention to that fact. In the
case of the State of Ohio, the first of these
States admitted, it was provided in her ena-
bling act passed in 1802 that she should sur-
render the right to tax for five years after sale
the lands of the Government of the United
States. The same provision was carried iuto
the enabling act of the State of Louisiana
passed in 1811: the same provision is to be
found in the enabling act of Indiana passed in
1810 ; and af terward in the cases of Alabama,
Mississippi, Missouri, and Illinois this same
