1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
provision was incorporated into the enabling
act of all these States.
As a compensation, or a partial compensa-
tion for the surrenderor this right, it was pro-
vided that five per cent, of the revenue re-
ceived by the Government of the United States
from the sale of the public lands therein, after
deducting the expense attending the survey and
sale of those lands, should be reserved for pur-
poses of internal improvement. Three fifths
of the sum so reserved was to be expended by
the States themselves within their respective
limits. Two fifths, in reference to the States
of Alabama, Mississippi Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and Missouri, was to be expended by the
United States in the construction of roads or
canals leading to those States respectively.
In the case of Louisiana, as I should have
said, the whole sum of five per cent, was given
to that State originally for the purpose of con-
structing roads and levees within her limits.
There was another exception 111 the case of
Illinois. Three fifths of the five per ceut. in the
case of Illinois, instead of being expended for
the purpose of internal improvement, was to
be expended for purposes of education. But
as to all the other States, the three filths of the
five per cent, fund was to be expended for pur-
poses of internal improvement.
Now, in reference to the States of Alabama
and Mississippi, it is not contended that any
roads were constructed to those States, pos-
sibly the construction of none was attempted.
Therefore, it is said by those who are opposed
to this measure, those States might well be
entitled to this sum of money, and Congress
might well pass acts which should give to the
States of Alabama and Mississippi the remain-
der of the sum originally withheld. Acts were
passed in 1855 and 1857 applicable to those
States, first as to Alabama, and then as to
Mississippi; and under those acts this sum
of money was reimbursed to those States.
I now desire to call special attention to this
fact, that the two States of Michigan and
Arkansas, admitted in 1836, and all the States
admitted thereafter, received thisfive per cent,
at the time of their admission; and it was
provided in the enabling acts by which they
were admitted that they should receive the
whole of this five per cent, to be expended
within those States respectively; and they did
not surrender at any time the right to tax the
public lands after they were sold. 1
Here is the difference: in reference to the i
States first admitted, they surrendered for five
years after sale by the Government the right
to tax any of tbe public lauds within their
limits ; and it is estimated that, the surrender
of that right in the case of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois was a surrender of more than five mil-
lions of money, because the amount of land
to be affected thereby amounted to more than
one hundred and twenty million acres.
In 1836 tbe Government changed its policy.
The time had then come when the Govern-
ment was assured of the folly of attempting to
build highways of the character of the Cum-
berland road; that it was idle to begin or to
carry on further the construction of such roads.
Therefore, it abandoned that policy and gave
to the new States the whole of this five per
cent, fund, to be expended within their lim-
its for local internal improvements. Those
two States I have mentioned, Michigan and
Arkansas, were admitted in 1836 without any
reservation in reference to their right to tax
lands. In 1845 Iowa and Florida were admit-
ted upon the same conditions. Then came all
the States which have been admitted since,
none of them having imposed upon them the
restriction that they should not tax any of the
public lands for five years after their sale by
the United States. No restriction whatever
was placed upon them ; they simply received
this gratuity at tbe hands of the Government
of the United States.
Now it is claimed by those opposed to this
measure that these States should not have
this money, because it was provided in the
I enabling acts under which they were admitted
that two fifths of the sum reserved should be
I expended by the Government of the United
States in the construction of roads leading to
those States. In 1806 the Government of the
United States undertook to build what was
known as the Cumberland road. From time
to time by acts of Congress that road was to
be extended from Cumberland, in the State
of Maryland, to Jefferson City, in the State
of Missouri. The same provision in refer-
ence to the construction of roads leading to
the States was contained in the enabling
act of Missouri as that contained in those of
these three other States. Now, if the con-
struction of the Cumberland road, or any part
of it, so far as it was constructed in 1834, when
Congress by law surrendered it to the States in
which it was located, was a compliance with
the terms under which those three States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were admitted,
then it was also a compliance with the terms
of the act admitting Missouri.
It is said by the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] that because the Government
of the United States began the construction
of this road leading to these States, and be-
cause it expended money upon the woik, there-
fore it complied with the conditions conta.ned
in the enabling acts of the three Slates. The
Cumberland road was never completed except
in the States of Maryland, Virginia, and Penn-
sylvania, and to construct it in those three
Slates more than $2,000,000 was taken out of
the Treasury of the United States and charged
to this two per cent, fund belonging to the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
The Cumberland load was never completed
in any one of the three States claiming this
fund. In Illinois there was never expended
more than $700,000. According to the esti-
mate of Colon 1 lotten, of the engineer de-
partment, mad ■ years ago, it would have cost
more than $3 J00,000 to complete the road in
the State of iiunois, and more than $7,000,-
000 to complete the whole road from Cumber-
land to the Mississippi river.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there was no compliance
with the conditions upon which these States
were admitted into the Union. Was it a com-
pliance with the terms upon which these States
were admitted to expend money in Maryland,
Virginia, and Pennsylvania in the construction
of a road ? It was no more a compliance with
the conditions upon which these States were
admitted toexpend mone}-in those three States
than it was a compliance with the terms upon
which Mississippi and Alabama wete admitted.
It might as well have been maintained at the
time these States claimed from the Govern-
ment of the United States two fifths of the five
per cent, that a road or roads had been con-
structed leading to those States. Ohio, Illi-
nois, and Indiana got no benefit from the
expenditure made upon this road.
Further than that, in 1834 Congress sur-
rendered this road to the States in which it
lay. Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia
took control of the road and actually erected
toll-gates upon it. Now, Mr. Speaker what
was the object in the construction of that
road. Was it that money might be taken from
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois to build a road in
Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, upon
which these States might construct toll-gates,
so that we of th- western States, seeking to
pass over the road constructed with our money,
should be obliged to pay tribute to these three
States? It certainly will not be contended by
the gentleman from California that that was
a compliance with the terms of the several
enabling acts by virtue of which Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois were admitted into the Union.
The gentleman tells us that because Congress
had the right to expend the money as it chose, >
although it expended it on the eastern end I
of the line, it was a compliance with the
terms and conditions upon which these States
were admitted. Sir, it seems to me idle to
talk to sensible men in that manner. VVa3
that a compliance so far as those States were
concerned? Would they ever have accepted
the terms and conditions embraced in the
enabling acts if they had been told then that
a road was to be built in the States of Mary-
land, Virginia, and Pennsylvania out of their
money—money taken from the three States
now making this claim Y Would they ever
have surrendered the right for five years to tax
the lands sold by the Government of the
United S'ates, had they been told that this
money was to be expended in the States 1 have
mentioned? Certainly not. They never would
have accepted any terms or conditions of that
character.
In 1834, Congress clearly came to the con-
clusion that it was cheaper and better to return
to these States the money which was origin-
1 ally proposed to be expended by the Govern-
ment, to wit, the two per cent., than to
attempt to complete the Cumberland road
which had been begun ; because to complete
it at that time would have required an ex-
penditure of nearly or quite $8,000,000, while
to pay this sum back to these three States
would only take perhaps twelve hundred or
fourteen hundred thousand dollars. There-
fore it was economy on the part of the Gov-
ernment, when it found the undertaking was so
great, to abandon the work which it had under-
taken and to say that it would refund this
amount iu money to the States interested,
rather than expend it iu labor upon the Cum-
berland or any other road. Sir, it was in pur-
suance of that policy that the law of 18-57 was
passed, under which the State of Mississippi
received her money.
It was contended yesterday by the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] that while
it was true the State of Mississippi received
her money under the act of 1857, yet there
was no provision in the act by which the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois could receive
their money. Now, it is not within the power
of -mortal man to point out to this House, or
to demonstrate to any court, or iny where else,
that*there is a particle of difference in the ap-
plication of that law of 1857 so far as these
different States are concerned. That law pro-
vided that the State of Mississippi should re-
ceive her two fifths of the five per cent, reserved
fund, and receive it in money. That money
was paid to her. That law as originally
introduced into the Senate of the United
States contained but one section, which pro-
vided for the payment of the money to the
State of Mississippi. Afterward there was
another section added, which provided that
the Government of the Uuited States shall
deal with the other States and pay them upon
the same basis and by the same rule as it
paid Mississippi. There were in existence to
which that law could apply no States in this
Union, exceptOhio, Illinois, Indiana, and Mis-
souri. The Sta'.e of Missouri has received her
money. I ask the gentlemau from California,
and I would ask any man opposed to this bill,
was not the money due as much to the other
States as to Missouri, to which it was paid V
Mr. SARGEN T rose.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I have not time
to yield now.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman asked me
a question and I desired to answer it.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I would gladly
yield if I had the time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, wherein is one case differ-
ent from the other? There were no other
States which, under the law, were to receive
this sum of two fifths of the five per cent, re-
served fund. All the other States, in 1836 or
thereafter, received the whole of the five per
cent, without any limitation or restriction as
to taxation or otherwise. Why did not the
