278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
same rule urply to Missouri, fh rough which
this national road was to ho construe'ed, as is
sought 'o he applied to Ohio. Indiana. And Illi-
nois.' Yet Missouri received her money ; Mis-
sissippi and Alabama received their*. No
complaint was made that Missouri received
her money after the passage ot' the law of 1857
But when these three Slates, Ohio, Illinois,
and Indiana, now come and make their claim,
honorable gentlemen say that it is a claim as
old as the hills. Why should they not receive
thcr money when it was paid to the other
States ? It' the claim is old it is not the fault
ot' those States. They presented their claim
to tlie Department of the Interior, and to the
President ot' the United States. President
Lincoln by his own indorsement of the claim
of the State of Illinois said he believed it to
be just but that the State of Illinois ought
not then in a time of war press her claim.
Because her claim was not then presseu we are
now told it ought not to be paid at all. because
it is an old claim. I think it is an ungracious
d>-tprso to make to a claim like this to say that
the claim is an old one, especially considering
all the facts which surround it.
Further, a committee of this House in a
very elaborate and able report made in 1846,
informed the House, m view of all the facts
connected with this case, that either the Gov-
ernment should go on and complete this road
a« it h-is undertaken to do, or should pay the
two fifths reserved to these States. That re-
port. I believe, was a unanimous report of the
Committee on Railways and Canals. In the
last Congress this same bill or one like it was
pending in this House, and in the expiring
hours of the session it lacked but three or four
votes of passing under a suspension of the
rules. The State of Illinois and the other
States now making this claim have sought upon
all proper occasions and at all proper times to
press their claims. They have never yielded
them. They have never done any act from
which it could be claimed they did not seek to
recover from the Government of the United
States th° money to which they claimed they
were entitled, l'he Judiciary Committee of
the last Congress reported in favor of the
claim. The Judiciary Commit'ee of the present
House, made up largely of other meinbersthan
those who composed it in the last Congress,
h*ve reported in favor of this claim.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there was any justice
in the payment made to the States of Missis-
sippi. Alabama, and Missouri, why does not
the same rul=" of justice apply to these three
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, now
claiming the payment to them of the two fifths
of th" reserved five per cent. fund?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire, in the outset of
what I have to say to the House, to disabuse
the minds of gentlemen of the idea that this
bill involves any accounting for interest with
either of these Sta'es. I gay this to the
House because I have been informed that
members have been under the impression that
the bill does involve an accounting not only
for the two per cent., but for interest thereon.
1 he very terms of the bill exclude any such
conclusion. The argument, the ingenious and
exhaustive argument of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] on yesterday set
forth very truly and candidly that the bill in-
volved only an accounting with the three
States named for the two per cent, reserve
fund to the amount of but $1,300,000. That
is the truth of the whole matter; about $400,
000 to Ohio, a like sum to Indiana, and about,
five or six hundred thousand dollars to the
State of Illinois. About $1,300,000 is the
amoant that is involved. There is no interest
account contemplated or authorized by the
bill. The only question really arising upon
the bill is whether it is a fair and just construc-
tion of the Mississippi act of 1857, and as
such ought to be adopted by this House.
I The hill is verv brief, and in order that the
I House may be fully possessed of it I shall
read its entire text, as reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary :
Tie it enacted by the Senate and House of lieprc-
9en'fitiiieH f>/' the lTnited S'trte* of Amerien in tiin-
ffrai* amembleti, i Ei.it the true liitont and moaning
ot the second section ot the act approved March 3,
ISaT. entitled "An id to settle cerium iieoounts be-
tween the United State mid the St ite of Mississippi
and other States," is that all the other States, to
wit, Oluo, Indiana, and Illinois, which have not re-
ceived the full amount of their five percent, of the
net proceeds of the sale of public himh< lying within
their respective limits. as mentioned 111 their several
eu.iMmtf acts, iu money, shall have tlnar accounts
stated, both on the public lands and reservations,
and -neh cash balance as has not been paid to said
States allowed and paid.
The bill is exclusively confined, us the House
will observe, to the five per cent, reserve fund.
Three per cent., three fifths of the five per
cent , was by the original act of compact, to
which reference was made yesterday, with the
three States, reserved to them respectively and
placed under control of their respective Legis-
latures ; and therefore there is no question
bef >re this House on that subject. The act
of Mississippi recited in the body of the bill
reported by the committee, passed in 1857, was
to pay to the State of Mississippi the two per
cent, because the three per cent, was reserved
by the act admitting that State to the exclu-
sive control of its Legislature on all public
lands including therein the Indian reserva-
tions, rated at $1 25 per acre. That was all
that was intended or authorized by that act. It
was so understood. As gentlemen have talked
here about the construction of that act by
the Interior Department, I desire to say it
was so understood by that Department and so
executed by it. The reference, however, is
particularly made in the pending bill to the
second section of the Mississippi act of 1857,
and declares that the true intent and meaning
of the second section of that act is that all
the other States, to wit, Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, shall have p>aid to them in so far as has j
not been paid the two per cent, that was re- I
served. [
The quilifica'ion was put into this bill in
order to say that any accounting with these three
States tinder it should be for the two per cent,
reserv ed fund in fall without interest. It has
been intimated by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia that the amounts from time to time ;
appropriated for the building of the Cum- i
berland road were charged in the Treasury
Department against the two per cent. fund.
I beg leave to say to the House, on the
authority of the letter of the First Comp-
troller, lying upon my table now and addressed
to me, that no such account has been kept in
the Treasury Department against the two per
cent, fund of these several Stages, and there 1
drop the gentleman's suggestion, undertaking
to show before I have done with this matter,
however, that no such account ought to have
been kept. i
The question now is, and that is the first
point raised by the argument of the gentleman
from California, whether the bill reported is
a true and fair construction of the second sec-
tion of the act of March 3, 1857, recited by its
title in the b'ill and known as the Mississippi
act. The language of the second section of
the Mississippi act. is as follows:
"Sec. 2. And be, it farther enacted, That the said
Commissioner shall also state an account between
the United States and each of the other States npon
the same principles, and shall ai.'ow and pay to each
State such amount as shall thud be found due, esti- ,
mating all lands and permanent reservations at i
#1 25 per acra."
Language could not be plainer. What mean
the words of this second section " and each of
the other States?" At the time this act was
passed, in 1857, there were no other States
that, could answer to the language of the act
having any two per cent, reserved out of the
five per cent, reservation but the States of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri; nor
have there been any other such States in the
Union since that time.
Now, as the gentleman has been asking ques-
tions, I would ask hiin what meaning he can
attach to the language of the second section
of the act of 1857, which I have read, "and
each of the other States," than the meaning I
have given it? There is nothing upon our
statute-book, there is nothing in the original
compact with any State of the Union, there
is nothing in the original enabling act for the
organization and admission of any State into
th is Union that can make that language apply
to any other States than Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Missouri. The words 11 and each of the
other States" were not inserted as a mere
rhetorical flourish or glittering generality.
They were intended to be and are operative
woi ds of the act of 1857.
This second section of the act of 1857 fur-
ther provides '"that the Commissioner shall
state an account between the United States
and the other States upon the same principles."
What are •' the same principles" upon which
the accounting with each of the other States
was to be made ? The same that were adopted
in the act of Alabama first and the act of
Mississippi last; and in order that I may be
fully understood upou this point I refer now
to the first section of the Mississippi act. The
first section of that act is this:
" That the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be, and he is hereby, required to state an account
between the United States and the State of Missis-
sippi, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum or
sums of money are due to said State, heretofore
unsettled, on account of the public lands in said
State, and upon the same principles of allowance
and settlement prescribed in the act to settle cer-
tain accounts between the United States and the
State of Alabama, approved the 2d of March, 1865."
Now, in order to ascertain what are " the
same principles of settlement" referred to in
the second section, and also in the first section
of the Mississippi act. you must go back to the
Alabama act which is referred to iu the Mis
sissippi act.
I now read the Alabama act passed March
2, 1855:
"Thnt the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be, and he is hereby, required to state an
account between the United States and the State of
Alabama, for the purpo-e of ascertaining what sum
or sums of money are due to said State, heretofore
unsottled under the sixl h section of the act of March
2,1819, for the admission of Alabama into the Union ;
and that he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and Creek Indians
within the limits of Alabama, and allow and pay to
the sai 1 S* ito five per cent, thereon, as in case of
other sales."
I ask gentlemen of the House who have
honored me with their attention while I have
read the Alabama act, to notice that ihe Com-
missioner is required to account for the five per
cent, fund to the State of Alabama, including
the Indian reservations therein, as though they
had been sold. The word " unsettled" is in
both acts. The gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] did not stop, in his haste to
assail the pending bill of the committee, to
inquire into the meaning of the words "what
sum or sums of money are due to said State
heretofore unsettled." There was not a word
in the gentleman's elaborate speech, ingenious
and exhaustive as it was, to give any effect or
meaning to those words of the Alabama and
Mississippi acts.
Every lawyer in this House knows that effect
is to be given if possible to every word of
written law when you come to interpret it. I
say now to the gentleman that inasmuch as he
did not inquire into the meaning of the words
of these acts he may be excused for leaping to
the conclusion that the two acts refer solely to
payments on the basis of a valuation of $1 25
per acre on the Indian reservations.
Sir, both statutes stand here to confront his
argument and rend it to pieces. There could
have been nothing " unsettled " on account of
Indian reservations which were not public
lands to be sold or to be accotrnted for to the
