1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
North Carolina, to the memory of the soldiers
who died in prison and are there buried ; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.'
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg permission to in-
terrupt the proceedings to make a report, as J
was occupied during the morning hour. It is
a report that ought to be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the Chair.) It will be received by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. The joint Committee .on
Printing, to whom was referred the reporting
and publication, of the debates in Congress by
the third section of the act approved April 2,
1872, have instructed me to make a report in
writing, accompanied with a joint resolution,
the passage of which they recommend; and I
beg to say that as this relates to the organization
of the Senate, and is a matter of especial
interest, I shall endeavor to call it up as soon
as Senators have had an opportunity to read
the report and the resolution.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 13) pro-
viding for the reporting and publication of the
debates in Congress was read, and passed to
the second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
COURTS-MARTIAL AT WEST POINT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The consid-
eration of the Calendar will be resumed.
The bill (S. No. 1344) to confer upon the
Superintendent of the United States Military
Academy the power to convene general courts-
martial was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to confer upon the Super-
intendent of the United States Military Acad-
emy power to convene general courts-martial
for the trial of cadets, and to execute the sen-
tences of such courts, except the sentences of
suspension and dismission.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Military Committee; I do not see
any of them here; but it strikes me that a
power conferred by law absolutely upon one
man, subject to no revisal or control by the
War Department or the President, is a pretty
high power to give to the superintendent of
any academy. It seems to me the bill ought
to be amended so as to provide that any order
of that kind should be subject to the approval
of the Secretary of War or the President. But
being a peace man I am very timid in inter-
fering with military affairs. I should not wish
to have that power conferred for one.
Mr. WEST. I will state for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Vermont that this
bill merely prescribes the same powers to be
exercised by the Superintendent of the Mili-
tary Academy that are now exercised by the
commander of any military post throughout
the United States ; that hitherto the courts-
martial convened at West Point to take cog-
nizance of offenses by the cadets educated
there were convened by the authority of the
Secretary of War; and this bill simply allows
the commandant there to convene the courts-
martial, but makes their determination and
decisions all to be revised the same as those
ot any other courts-martial, by the Secretary
o( War and the President. That is the only
distinction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is exactly the diffi-
culty that occurs to me about the bill. I un-
derstand that as the law now stands the com-
mander of a post can convene a court-martial,
but I understand that as the law now stands he
convenes it subject to the overruling power of
the War Department. Now, then, if you pass
an act of Congress which specifically confers
a power upon one man, without any limitation
whatever, to convene courts-martial and carry
their sentences into effect, the question is
whether your later law does not put him in
advance of commandants of posts. That is
precisely the difficulty that occurred to me
about the bill. If the Senator chooses to have
it amended by saying that it shall be subject
to the same limitations and regulations as
apply to the convening of other general courts-
marshal, I shall have no objection.
Mr. WEST. With pleasure. That was the
intention of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move to amend
by inserting at the end of the bill " subject to
the same conditions and limitations now exist-
ing as to other general courts-martial."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CAKE OF SUBSISTENCE SUPPLIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1343) to provide for the better care
and protection of subsistence supplies ; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of War to select
from the sergeants of the line of the Army
who shall have faithfully served therein five
years, three years of which in the grade of
non-commissioned officer, as many commis-
sary sergeants as the service may require, not
to exceed one for each military post or place
of deposit of subsistence supplies, whose duty
it shall be to, receive and preserve the sub-
sistence supplies at the posts, under the direc-
tion of the proper officers of the subsistence
department, and under such regulations as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War.
The commissary sergeants hereby authorized
are to be subject to the Rules and Articles of
War, and receive for their services the same
pay and allowances as ordnance sergeants.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
s. P. JOCELYN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2704) for the relief of S. P. Joce-
lyn; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The bill provides that upon
the occurrence of a vacancy of the grade of
first lieutenant in his regiment, Second Lieu-
tenant S. P. Joeelyn, twenty-first infantry,
shall be entitled to promotion to the grade
of first lieutenant, with date of commission
and relative rank in the Army held by him on
the 31st of December, 1870; but this act is to
grant no back pay or additional pay in any
manner whatsoever.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
GENKllAL B. S. ROBERTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 359) to confer upon the Court of
Claims jurisdiction of the claim of Brevet
Brigadier General B. S. Roberts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) This bill was reported
adversely from the Committee on Claims, and
the question is on its indefinite postponement.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
herman j. ehle.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2572) granting a pension to Her-
man J. Ehle, reported adversely from the
Committee on Pensions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. PRATT. I believe I made the report
in that case. While the committee were en-
tirely satisfied that this person had no claim
whatever for a pension, the Senator from New
York, not now in his seat, [Mr. Conkling,]
was of a different opinion; and it was at his
suggestion that I had the bill placed on the
Calendar. He is now absent, and I do not
wish to have any action taken on the bill in
his absence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'The bill will
be passed over.
DIFFERENTIAL DUTIES.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A bill has
been accidentally omitted from the printed
Calendar, but which now comes up in its place;
and it will be read.
The bill (S. No. 1417) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to refund the differential
duty on articles actually on shipboard in
French vessels destined for the United States
on the 5th of November, 1872, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to relieve goods,
wares, and merchandise imported in French
vessels from countries other than France, and
which were actually on shipboard and bound
to the United States on the 5th of November,
1872, from liability to discriminating duty
under the seventeenth section of the act of
June 30, 1864, revived on such goods by the
proclamation of the President of the United
States, dated October 30, 1872 ; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorized, in any such
case, to refund such discriminating duty which
may have been paid on such goods, wares, and
merchandise.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill has passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think so;
but I am not sure.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let it be passed over for
the present until that fact can be ascertained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill will be read. If this bill has not been
acted upon the Chair will call it up again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am quite sure it passed
without objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
was objected to. It was called up, and some
Senator objected to it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let it be passed over for
the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it has not passed, it
ought to be passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
no record that the bill has passed.
Mr. COLE. Is it a House bill or a Senate
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A Senate
bill. The bill is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. COLE. I think the bill had better go
over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
Senator will not object.
Mr. COLE. My object is not to defeat the
bill, but only to ascertain if a House bill of
the same character has passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; it has
not been acted upon by the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California object to the present
consideration of the bill?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
KENTUCKY AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 1402, which was objected
to a few moments ago by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler.] He has now
withdrawn his objection, and I ask the Senate
to go back to that bill and dispose of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw my objec-
tion to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks unanimous consent
to go back to a bill the objection to which has
been withdrawn. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 1402)
for the benefit of the Kentucky Agricultural
and Mechanical Association. It proposes to
appropriate $25,000 to the Kentucky Agricul-
