2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 3,
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate now
proceed 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels bound to recognize the Senator from
Indiana in consequence of the arrangements
in front of the Chair.
Mr. PRATT. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 2505, increas-
ing the pension of Mrs. Hannah W. Sumner,
widow of Major General Edwin Y. Sumner,
d6C6^S6(l
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator that he has entered
a motion to reconsider the vote by which that
bill was postponed. The Senator probably
means to ask that the Senate proceed to the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. PRATT. I supposed it had been recon-
sidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. I make the motion that the
Senate now proceed to consider the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator when that bill was
indefinitely postponed ?
Mr. PRATT. It was indefinitely post-
poned some two or three weeks since.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only
way in which the- Senator can now make a
motion to reconsider that vote is by unani-
mous consent, which the Senator from Indiana
asks. Is there objection?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. SPENCER. Now I insist that I have
the floor.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will not object, because it is a
very great hardship to Mrs. Sumner, after
these bills for the relief of Mrs. Wood and
Mrs. Morris have passed, that she should be
denied the same privilege of a pension at the
rate of fifty dollars a mouth.
Mr. SCOTT. Is that case disposed of?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator insist on his objection ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 4070) for the relief of the
sureties of James L. Collins, late receiver of
public moneys at Santa Fe, New Mexico ; and
A bill (H. It. No. 4071) to provide for the
erection of a public building for post office
and other Uuited States offices at Jersey City,
New Jersey.
unrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed thefollowing
enrolled bills and joint resolutions ; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice Presi-
dent :
A bill (S. No. 104) for the relief of Joseph
Lanman;
A bill (S. No. 784) confirming the title of
Louis Grignon to a certain tract of land at
Green Bay, Wisconsin;
A bill (S. No. 893) for the protection of
owners of saw mills on the Mississippi river;
A bill (S. No. 1291) granting a pension to
Martha E. Orich, Mary J. Orich, and John J.
Orich, minor children of John C. Orich;
A bill (S. No. 1380) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Humphrey, widow of James R. Hum-
phrey ;
A bill (S. No. 1267) extending the time for
the completion of the Portage Lake and Lake
Supeiior ship-canal;
A bill (S. No. 1588) granting a pension to
Ann 13. Boyle, widow of Commander Junius J.
Boyle;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 200) grant-
ing condemned cannon for a statue of Major
General Philip Kearney, United States vol-
unteer army; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) in re-
lation to the old bridge at Rock Island.
nathaniel m'kat.
Mr. SPENCER. Now I renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 3865, for the relief of Nathaniel
M'Kay.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to ask
the Senator a question in reference to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Alabama yield to the Senator
from South Carolina?
Mr. SPENCER. No; I cannot yield now
until the bill is disposed of.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I object to its
consideration.
Mr. SPENCER. My motion is to proceed
to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have been
sitting here all this night, and I believe I have
not interposed. I propose now to interpose.
I do not object to this bill, but I insist on
having something like fair play, and I am
going to insist upon it if I know myself. This
is a bill to which I do not object. It is simply
referring a claim to the Court of Claims with
limitations on the right of evidence against
the claim. It ia identical with the bill which
my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] by his accustomed perseverance and
adroitness, got .through a little while ago, I
was glad to see. It is perfectly right, and so
I maintain are the other bills of the same
character which I desire to have considered.
They are House bills, and they are transcripts
of each other. They are all of them identical,
simply referring these questions to the Court
of Claims. There are these two for McKay,
and there are three others that came from the
Committee of Claims in the House and from
the Committee on Naval Affairs in the Senate.
Now, if it-is the pleasure of the Senate to take
these bills up and pass them, as they already
have passed one or two, very well ; I am in
favor of it; but I am not in favor of sitting
here and allowing gentlemen to rush ia and
put through certain hills and postpone the rest.
Mr. SPENCER. I am in favor of those
other bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senate
is so disposed we can pass them all in five min-
utes. You have passed one, and those others
are identical with that in all respects.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that ought to be
done.
Mr. SPENCER. I am in favor of that.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. SPENCER. Now I ask for the ques-
tion on my motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. There is a large amount of executive
business that I hope the Senate will proceed
at once to consider.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope not.
The mo+ion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ala-
bama, to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to see,
in order to know whether we are to deal in
entire frankness, and if it is the understand-
ing that if this bill comes up the others shall
follow it.
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no objec-
tion, and I think it is fair it should be so.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Does it not require
unanimous consent ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Alabama to proceed to the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. COLE. It is now pretty late, and I
move that the Senate take a recess until half
past nine o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the Senate
take a recess until half past nine o'clock in
the morning.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to appeal for one
moment to my friend from California. There
are on the table a great many matters in
executive session.
Mr. COLE. I will withdraw the motion
until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. I have the floor at this
moment, and I want to make one remark to
Senators, and that is, that I hope that at some
convenient time, when these bills have been
acted on, we may have a short executive ses-
sion. We have not bad an executive session
now for about two weeks to act on anything.
Mr. CHANDLER. They voted down that
motion. They do not want an executive ses-
sion.
Mr. CONKLING. That may be, but I am
appealing to Senators not to disperse until we
have an executive session to dispose of a great
many unobjected matters that there is no sense
in allowing to die.
Mr. CHANDLER, (at four o'clock and
thirty minutes a. m., March 4.) I renew the
motion of the Senator from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves that the Senate
take a recess for five hours.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say but a word.
I have not asked a moment for the Committee
on Military Affairs, but have taken my chances
on the Calendar the same as every one must. I
have noticed that the Committee on Claims, the
Committee on Pensions, and other committees
have had nearly all their bills passed. I have
about five little bills here in reference to per-
sons who are in need, appropriating very small
amounts that are just and proper and ought
to be given to them. I desire the Senate to
allow me when they get through other mat-
ters—I do not want to interpose or interfere
with any matters of importance—to have these
bills considered. I hope there will not be an
executive session moved to cut off these bills.
I have had them lying on my table for four
days and have not yet asked to pass one of
them.
Mr. COLE. Are they on the Calendar?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir, they lie on the
table to be reported. I intend to report them
and ask that they be put on their passage.
They are small bills. I do not ask to do it
now, but I hope the Senate will go on with
business and let us try to get through the busi-
ness that belongs to the committees. These
little cases, though uot very important to the
country, are important to the people who ask
for them, and I hope we shall go on.
miami indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave to make a re-
port from a committee of conference.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived and read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 1535, to
abolish the tribal relations of tile Miami Indians,
and for other purposes, having had tho same under
consideration, and after full and Iree eoufcronce,
agree to recommend, and do recommend, to tbeir
respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the Senate amendment, and agree to the same with
thefollowing amendment: after the word "natural-
ization/'at the end of the Ibuiiii section, insert:
"And provided fui'thrr. That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby directed to ascertain what a mount,
if any, is due tlie Miami tribe ot Indians referred to
in the corrected lists under tiio treaty of 1854, on
account of certain annuities which were distributed
to and among those persons of Miami blood and
descent who were included under the act ofl858, and
by virtue of the samo wero authorized to and did ro-
ceive their proportion respectively in said annuities,
and to cause that amount to be deducted ont of the
