1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2203
consolidated fund as hereia provided for and paid to
said Miami Indians referred to in said corrected
lists, and by virtue of the said treaty of 1854."
Also, at the end of the bill add the following:
Sec. 7. That the provisions of this act shall not in
any way affect the rights or claims of those individ-
uals, Miami, and persons of Miami blood or descent,
who were named in the corrected lists referred to in
the Senate amendment to the fourth article of the
treaty of June 5,1854, or their descendants.
Also, amend "the fifth section of the said Senate
amendment so as to read as follows, namely:
And the proceeds of the sales of the said unallot-
ted lands, including school sections, and all moneys,
securities, annuities, and effects held by the United
States for the said Miami Indians in Kansas, after
making the foregoing deductions for citizen Indians
and their minor children, shall belong to and be the
exclusive property of the last-named Indians, to be
known as their consolidation fund.
JAMES HARLAN,
S. C. POMEEOY,
Manager% on thepart of the Seriate.
JOHN P. C. SHANKS,
JOHN A. SMITH,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
RECESS.
Mr. BGREMAN. I wish to make a state-
ment of five words.
Mr. SPENDER. I think my motion is still
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion made by the Senator'
from Alabama, which is a debatable motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I thought
the motion for a recess was pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Michigan to with-
draw the motion for a recess. Is the Chair
r*r\r(*ppf f
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Senator from Michigan moves that the Senate
do now take a recess for five hours.
The question was put, and the motion de-
clared not to be agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If we cannot have the
yeas and nays, I want it distinctly understood
that there are bills being introduced that will
be exposed, if I have to do it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope that motion
will not prevail. If I am not mistaken that
man has been here attempting to influence the
votes of members of the Senate in such a
manner that I cannot consistently vote for his
bill, and I shall, without attempting to say
anything further, have a call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. MACHEN. I would like very much to
ask a special privilege of the Senate, the last
one perhaps I shall ever have the privilege of
asking. There is an old gentleman by the
name 
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will allow this bill to be disposed
of, and then we shall be very glad to assist
him.
Mr. PRATT. I hope this favor will be ex-
tended to my friend from Kentucky. It is
the very case that I had the consent of the
Senate, as I understood, to call up just as
soon as we got through with the call of the
Calendar. It is the case of a poor preacher
who formerly lived in my own State, but now
lives in the city of Cincinnati, and the action
of the medical director in taking charge of his
school building and breaking up his school
has ruined him.
Mr. NYE. Is this in order ?
Mr. PRATT. This is a case of great hard-
ship.
Mr. NYE. So is this.
Mr SPENCER. I insist that my motion
is in' order, and that this debate is out of
order
The PRESIDING' OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion made by the Senator
from Alabama.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration' of executive
business. "
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
prevail.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CONKLING. I ask consent to move
that when the Senate takes a recess to-day it
be until half past nine in the morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) No motion can be entertained at
present, the Chair must inform the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. No want of a quorum
has been disclosed to the Senate or to the
Chair, and therefore I ask unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll-
call has beep ordered and is progressing.
Therefore the Chair cannot entertain any
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. By unanimous consent,
the Chair can entertain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New York asks unanimous consent to
move that when the Senate take a recess it be
until half past nine o'clock this morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I will put it in the form
of a recess for four and a half hours from five
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New York asks unanimous consent to
move that when the Senate take a recess it
shall be for four and a half hours from five
o'clock. Is there objection ?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not think it is wise to
take a recess for four and a half hours at this
time.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody proposes to
take it at this time, but simply to order that
when we do take it, it shall be for that length
of time.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not like the form
of the motion. If the Senator wishes to take
a recess at five o'clock, it should be that in
a quarter of an hour from this time the Senate
will take a recess for four hours.
Mr. CONKLING. That would be all very
well except that that motion probably will not
prevail, for some Senators want to stay here
and desire an executive session. Therefore
if the Senator will allow this motion to be put,
he can move the next moment if he pleases
that the recess occur at once. My motion is
to take a recess for four and a half hours from
five o'clock, when we do take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York asks unanimous consent
that when the Senate take a recess it shall be
for four and a half hours from five o'clock.
Is there objection ? The Chair hears none,
and it is so ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to with-
draw the call for yeas and nays on my motion.
Mr. CONKLING. We can go into execu-
tive session and do unobjected business.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is there any question be-
fore the Senate at this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll-
call is pending.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand that the call
for yeas and nays is withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call
for yeas and nays cannot now be withdrawn.
The call of the roll has commenced and must
proceed to its termination. No other motion
is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Chair is
it not competent for the Senator from Michi-
gan to withdraw the call for the yeas and nays
by unanimous consent ? He asks unanimous
consent to withdraw that call. Certainly we
can give it to him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the Senator from Michigan
cannot withdraw the call.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the Senator
from Michigan have unanimous consent to
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
informs the Senator from New York that that
cannot be done even by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I see no use
in our remaining here any longer, and I there-
fore move that we take the recess now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not in order at the present time. There is
a roll-call progressing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I supposed
a motion for a recess was in order at any time,
like a motion to adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Cannot the roll-call
be announced ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll-
call is not yet terminated, the Chair will in-
form the Senator.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. A motion
for a recesa can be made by unanimous con-
sent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules otherwise.
Mr. THURMAN. I think the call for the
yeas and nays may be withdrawn by unani-
mous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules otherwise.
Mr. WINDOM. Would it be in order to
take an appeal from the decision of the chair ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would
not at this stage. The call of the roll will be
continued.
Before the result of the vote on Mr. Chand-
ler's motion was announced,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of five o'clock having arrived, the Senate takes
a recess for four hours and a half.
MORNING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at nine
o'clock and thirty minutes a. m., (Thursday,
March 4.)
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a res-
olution of the Legislature of Michigan, in
favor of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbor at the mouth of the Man-
istigue river, in the upper peninsula of Mich-
igan ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present the
petition of Samuel P. Dinsmore, praying that
inquiry be made as to whether the directors
and managers of the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company have violated the terms of
their charter. The petitioner winds up his
petition in this language:
Wherefore, assuming the statements and belief of
your petitioner in the premises to be founded in
truth, it appears that the directors and managers of
said Atlantic and Pacific Bailroad Company have
wronged the said company and its stockholders in
good faith, and as well the people of the United
States, all of whom were by express provision of law
entitled to become stockholders in said company-
First, by issuing stock for theirown benefit, without
due consideration and in violation of provisions of
said act.
Second, by defeating the express provision of
said act that the capital stock of said company
should be open to subscription to all the people of
the United States, and by clandestine issues of said
stock to themselves and their favorites for inade -
quato values. . ,
Third, by causing the purchase of properties,
themselves being the sellers and the company the
purchasers, at prices io.r above the value of tho
same, and this to tho extent of many hundred thou-
sand dollars. . '
Fourth, by making or attempting to make the
stock of said company issued to themselves and
their favorites to bear a preference over the general
stockholders in the division of the net income of the
company.
Fifth, by seeking to perpetuate their control of
said company and its affairs through and by means
of undue and wrongful issues of the stock of the
same to themselves and their confederates, instead
of permitting the public at large to subscribe to and
