1872.
THE CON(xliESSIOXAL GLOBE.
219
Treasury of the United States previous to the
passage of these Alabama and Mississippi
acts in 1865 and 1857. I give lo the gentle-
man and to the House a key of interpreta-
tion to the meaning of this word •'unsettled,"
found in both of these acts, ami which was
intended in part to control the settlement with
the two States of Alabama and Mississippi.
I refer now to the act of 1841, to which
the gentleman from California [Mr. Saroent]
referred on yesterday, but for another and a
very different purpose. Section seventeen, of
the act of September 4, 1841, provides :
" That the two per cent, of the net proceeds of the
lands sold by the United States in the State of Ala-
bama siuee the 1st day of September, l>ly, aud re-
served by the act entitled ' An act to enable the peo-
ple ot the Alabama territory to form it constitution
and Stategovernment, and for the admission of such
State into [he Union on an equal footing with the
original States.' for the making of a road or roads
leading to the snul State, be and the same is hereby
relinquished to the said State of Alabama, payable
in two eauai installments," JlC.
That is the act ol* 1841 as to Alabama. The
account for the two per cent, arising from the
sale of public lauds not Indian reserva-
tions was unsettled in 18-55 when this Alabama
act was passed to conclude the " settlement "
between Alabama andthe Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. That was the "unsettled" balance
from the sales of public lands that by the act
of 1855 was to be paid aud accounted for, as
well as tivu percent upon the Indian reserva-
tions. The two s;atutes have to he construed
together in order to understand the principles
ot the "•settlement" referred to in the second
section of the Mississippi act, which act refers
to this provision of the Alabama act. The
Congress of t;ie United States never would
have put the word "•unsettled" in the act if
thf-y had not understood that there was an
"unsettled " account for the public lands* in
Alabama other than the Indian reservation to
be nccounted for and paid. The same word
"unsettled" is in the Mississippi act, the sec-
ond section of which is made to extend to
"each of the other States."
Now. to show to this House that the whole
of the five per cent, was to be paid to Missis-
sippi as well as to Alabama, I again refer the
House to the act of 1841, to a section which
the gentleman from California on yester-
day took care not to read or explain to the
House, leavitig them to suppose that the only
purpose of that legislation of 18-35 and 1857
was to give to Mississippi and Alabama two
per cent, upon the Indian reservations therein
valued at the rate of $1 25 per acre. The six-
teenth section of the act of 1841 provides—
" That the two per cent, of the net proceeds of
the lands sold, or that may hereafter be sold, by the
United States in the State of Mississippi, since the
1st day of December, 1817, and by the act entitled
'An :ct to enable the people of the western part of
the Mississippi territory to form a county and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an equal tooting with the original
States,'and all acts supplemental thereto, reserved
tor the making of a road or roads leading to said
State, be, and the same is hereby, relinquished to the
State ot Mississippi."
By these provisions of the act of 1841 the
whole of the two per cent, was relinquished
to Alabama and Mississippi, and hence the
language of the two acts of 1855 and 1857,
that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office must account for the two per cent, not
only upon the Indian reservation, but for the
net proceeds of the public lands in so far as
they remained •'unsettled," thereby giving to
those States respectively the whole of the [
five per cent. The House will notice in the
text of the law which I have just read a recital
of the original compact between the United ,
States and these two States, that the two per
•cent, was reserved in consideration that the !
United States would build a road or roads
leading to the States of Mississippi and Ala-
bama. TJie United States never built a road
leading to either of those States. Therefore
the United States thought it an act of good
faith to repay to those States the two per i
cent, fund which had been retained for a I
special pusposo and which purpose had never
I been executed or carried out.
! If the U.iited States had extended the Cum-
berland road to Alabama and Mississippi, it
would have complied with the contract. But
itdid neither the one nor the other. Therefore,
the United States passed this act as an act of
justice and equity, to refund to those States
the whole of the five per cent, which had been
reserved out of the proceeds of the public
lands. It was an act ot justice, asl will show
before I have done with this argument.
The United States having made this restitu-
tion to Alaliama aud Mississippi, inasmuch
as a like reservation had been made for a val
uable consideration to the United States in
the cases of Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, and Mis-
souri, provision was made iu the second sec-
tion of the Mississippi act of 1857 that the
Commissioner should also settle the account
between the Uuited States and "each of the
other States upon the same principles, and
shall allow and pay to each State such amount
as shall be found due, estimating all lands and
permanent reservations at $1 25 per acre."
The words " estimating alt lands and perma-
nent reservations at $1 25 per acre," are words
of limitation, aud declare clearly what shall
be accounted for and paid. The gentleman
yesterday overlooked that part of the law of
1857. It, is dangerous for auy man, no matter
how ingenious, to undertake an argument upon
the construction of a written law and omit
any of the operative words of the statute.
The gentleman labored in vain with this
statute, I have no doubt, to persuade himself
that the second section of the Mississippi act
was intended to be limited to the two percent,
upon Indian reservations, for therein he en-
countered the provision that the account shall
be stated upon the same principles with the
other States, and the Commissioner " shall
] allow and pay to each State such amount as
i shall thus be found due, estimating all lands
and permanent reservations at $1 25 per acre."
i " Estimating alllands." Do not all lands
include all lands that were open to public sale
' or entry as well as Indian reservations ? The
word "reservations" is there, but the other
language is there also, " including all lands,"
at the rate of $1 25 peracre. That furnishes
the basis of the settlement.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have said enough
already to show to this House that the purpose
and meaning of the act of 1857 was to secure
to the other States, to wit, Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and Missouri, asettlement upon the same
terms as were secured to Alabama and Missis-
sippi as to the five per cent., including all
lands and Indian reservations, valuing them
for that settlement at the rate of $1 26 per
acre. If that is not so there is no meaning in
language. If that is hot so there is no rnean-
- ing in the legislation of Congress. Mr.
Speaker, without intending to cast the slight-
est reproach upon my honorable friend from
California, I beg leave to Bay that he was
most unfortunate in his reference yesterday to
the act of 1841. He intimated to the House
that the act of 1841 showed most conclusively
| that the Congress o ithe United States did not
I recognize any just claim on the part of the
I States named in this bill—the remaining three
States—to have this two per cent, refunded to
them.
I beg the attention of the House to that por-
tion of the act of 1841 which the gentleman
either overlooked altogether or f'orgqt to refer
to or read. The language of that act makes
a discrimination in the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands directly in favor of
the States now appealing at the bar of this
House for justice. If the gentleman wanted
to make a case, it was wise in him to omit the
reading of tlie statute. I ask the House to
honor me with its attention while I read a line
from the very act to which the gentleman
referred yesterday, aud read to us for the pur-
pose of showing that the Congress of the
United States did not recognize the equity of
the claim of these "ot.berStates"—Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois. I will preface the reading
of this act with the remark that the several
States named in that act, including Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, were then as they are
now the only States in this Union as to whom
the five per cent, had been reserved.
The act to which the gentleman referred for
the purpoge of maintaining his point contains
this extraordinary provision :
" That from and after the 31st day of December, in
the year of our Lord 1841, there be allowed and paid
to each of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Ala-
bama, Missouri, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Michigan, over and above what each of tho
said States is entitled to by the terms of the com-
pacts entered into between them and the United
States upon their admission into the Union, the sum
of ten per cent, upon the net proceeds of the sales
of the public lands, which, subsequent to tho day
aforesaid, shall be made within the limits of each of
said States* respectively."
Thus over and above the five per cent., ex-
clusive of it, ten per cent, is reserved to the
States herein named and to no others. Why?
Because they were the States that had sur-
rendered to the Government of the United
States their rights reserved by the express
terms of the Constitution of your country, lo
tax all private lands within their jurisdiction
for the period of five years.
And as an act of justice the Congress of
the United States, when it proposed to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the public lands
among the several States of this Union, took
pains to take out of the whole fund first ten
per cent, iu favor of these States named.
Now, please take notice, this legislation
preceded the legislation in regard to Alabama
aud Mississippi, upon which this question
now arises. It was a clear recognition of the
equity of this claim ; for, after thus providing,
the act then proceeds to distribute the residue
of the public lands among all the States of the
Union, numbering them as twenty-six States
of the Union, and among all the Territories
of the Union and the District of Columbia.
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman inquired
with an air of tiiumph yesterday, did the act
of 1857 repeal that, act? If the gentleman had
looked a little further in the act of 1841 he
would have found that the act remained sus-
pended by its own terms almost from the day
of its passage to this very hour. We never
got the benefit of it to the extent of a far-
thing. The act was passed September 4, 1841.
It contained this proviso :
" If at any time during the existence of this act
there shall be an imposition ofduties on imports in-
consistent with the provisions ol theaet of March 2,
1833," entitled ' An act to modify the act of the 14th
of July, 1832, and of the other acts imposing duties,'
beyond the rate of duties fixed by that act, to wit,
twenty per cent, of the value of said imports or any
of them, then the distribution provided iu this act
shall be suspended and shall so continue until the
cause of its suspension sha ll be removed."
Allow me to say there was an increase above
the twenty per cent, ad valorem, contrary to
the provisions of the act of 1833, made in the
session of 1842. within some eight months of
the enactment of that law of distribution, and
that increase has continued from that day to
this, day by day and month by month, and
continues even now. The law has been sus-
pended, and has been suspended as 1 said be-
fore, nearly ever since its enactment, and
hence the State of Ohio has never derived any
benefit from it, nor has any other State named
therein.
Mr. DAWES. The inquiry I wish to make
of my distinguished friend from Ohio is, how
much of this sum is claimed under that pro-
vision of the law just now rend?
Mr. BINGHAM. No part, of it ot all. £
Mr. DAWES. Then, what is the particular t
purpose of citing?
Air. BINGHAM. I will answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. DAWES. I have merely made the
inquiry to ascertain the fact.
Mr. BINGHAM. My purpose ought to ap-
pear to the House when it was cited yesterday
