1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
for the extension of the military reservation
at Camp Mohave, in the Territory of Arizona;
which was considered aa in Committee of the
Whole. By the bill the sum of $14,219 is
appropriated, to be paid under, the direction
of the Secretary of War, to the claimants for
private property taken by the Government-in
the extension of the military reservation at
Camp Mohave, in the Territory of Arizona,
under General Orders No. 74, Adjutant Gen-
eral's Office, November 2, 1869, this being
the total amount awarded by a board of mili-
tary officers convened1 by proper authority at
the camp in September, 1870, as per their
report, duly approved by the War Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
official salaries.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1333) fixing the salaries of certain
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That bill
had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
value of pound sterling.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1427) to establish the value of the sov-
ereign or pound sterling of Great Britain, and
to fix the par of exchange; which was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The first section provides
that the value of foreign coin as expressed in
the money of a'ceount of the United States
shall be that of the pure metal of such coin of
standard value; and the values of the standard
coins in circulation of the various nations of
the world shall be estimated annually by the
Director of the Mint, and be proclaimed on the
1st of January by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The second section provides that in all
payments by or to the Treasury, whether made
here or in foreign countries, where it becomes
necessary to compute the value of the sov-
ereign or pound sterling, it shall be deemed
equal to $4 86.6J, and the same rule shall be
applied in appraising merchandise imported
where the value is, by the invoice, in sover-
eigns or pounds sterling, and in the coftstruc-
tion of contracts payable in sovereigns or
pouuds sterling; and this valuation shall be
the par of exchange between Great Britain
and the United States; and all contracts made
after the 1st of January, 1874, based on an
assumed par of exchange with Great Britain
of fifty-four pence to the dollar, or $4 44f to
the sovereign or pound sterling, shall be null
and void. *
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
vienna exposition.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk,
requesting the return by the Senate to the
.House of Representatives of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 170) to enable the people of
the United States to participate in the advant-
ages of the international exposition to be held
at Vienna in the year 1873.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senate return the joint resolution in conformity
with the request of the House of Represent-
atives? ["Yes."] The Chair hears no objec-
tion to that order being made, and it is made.
creek orphan fund.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1428) to reimburse the Creek orphan
fnnd, and to provide for the division of the
fund among those entitled to it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Who re-
ported the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) It was reported
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr, Steven-
sox.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I know
nothing about it. It is a large sum of money.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to go over. It
is a $250,000 claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
so over.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the objection
will be withdrawn. This money is due under
a treaty stipulation with the Indians. It is a
just claim. It has been heretofore fully dis-
cussed in the Senate and carefully examined
by the Committee on Indian Affairs. It grows
oat of the treaty of 1832. When the treaty
was made with the Creeks they had a good
many orphans, a list of whom was made.
They had so many sections of land which the
President of the United _ States sold and re-
ceived the money for and invested the proceeds
in bonds. Some question grew up as to their
loyalty during the war, but they were, as far
as I know, entirely loyal. The President was
authorized to rescind all treaties, but he did
not do it, and there was no effort made to
confiscate their property.
The Committee on Indian Affairs unani-
mously agree both upon the legal question
and the moral question, as well as the ethical
question of what is really just to the Indians,
that this is an honest claim and ought- to be
paid. It was discussed very thoroughly in the
Senate during the last Congress. There were
three lawyers on the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and it was separately referred to each
of them, and we all came without the slightest
hesitation to the same conclusion as to the
justice of this claim. I sincerely hope the
Senate will not put off these people who, under
a solemn treaty, are entitled to money that is
justly due, and which was invested for them in
bonds. I hope they will not be kept from it
any longer, especially as they are orphans.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I shall not go into
any statement in regard to this claim, but I
will state that Mr. Davis, formerly Senator
from Kentucky, who occupied a seat in this
Chamber for many years, made a report on
this vesy matter a year and a half or two
years ago® I do not know of any claim against
the Government which appears to me to be
more just and equitable than this. I can
merely express the opinion that it ought to be
met now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maryland insist on his objec-
tion?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is an old contro-
verted claim that I knew something about
some time ago. I think it is too important a
matter to be acted upon under a rule of this
kind, and I think it had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
elias o. boudinot.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1888) for the relief of Elias C.
Boudinot; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to discon-
tinue and dismiss the civil proceedings now
pending in the name of the United States
against the property claimed by Elias C.
Boudinot, for alleged violations of the internal
revenue laws, and to direct that the property
seized and taken from him, and the gross
proceeds of the sale of any such property, on
account of alleged violations of said laws, be
returned and restored to him by the proper
officers of the Government.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, with an amendment, to insert at
the end of the bill the following proviso :
Provided, That taxes legally due from and unpaid
by said Boudinot in respect to the business shall
have been first paid or deducted from the proceeds
aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
railroads in colorado.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1315) granting the right of way over
the public lands to the Denver, Georgetown,
and Utah Railway Company of Colorado;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, with an amendment, in section
three, line five, after the word " act", to insert
the following:
And shall build at least twenty miles of its road
each year after the 1st day of May, 1874, and, com-
plete the entire line within ten years thereafter.
The amendment was-agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(-S. No. 1316) granting the right of way over
the public lands to the Denver, South Park
and Pacific Railway Company of Colorado.
Mr. STEWART. These bills giving special
rights of way are special privileges, and it is
impossible for them to be digested with the
proper guards. The Committee on Public
Lands have a meeting to-morrow, with a view
to make an effort for a general bill, and I sug-
gest that these bills be laid over for the present,
and they can be called up again. The Calen-
dar probably -will not be got through to-day.
I shall not object to these bills if no general
bill can be enacted, but I think we had better
wait until we see what the committee do to-
morrow morning. I will enter a motion to
reconsider the vote on the bill just passed, and
I object to these other railroad bills until we
see what the committee do, and I may with-
draw the motion to reconsider. If nothing is
done, I shall not stand here to object to these
special bills
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let this bill be .passed
and a motion to reconsider entered on it.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. I will let it
be passed and enter a motion to reconsider
afterward, in order to hold it up.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let this bill be passed.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 1316)
granting the right of way over the public lands
to the Denver, South Park, and Pacific Rail-
way Company of Colorado; and it was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to amend the bill by inserting at the end of
section three the following:
And shall build at least twenty miles of its road
each year after the 1st day of May, 1874, and com-
plete the entire line within ten years thereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEWART. Now I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mo-
tion will be entered.
employment of retired naval officers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2875) to prevent the employment
of officers on the retired list.
The Chief Clerk read the bill; which pro-
vides that no officer on the retired list of the
Navy shall be employed on active duty except
in time of war, and also the amendment
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to add to the first section of the bill the fol-
lowing proviso :
Provided, That those officers on the retired list,
and those hereafter retired, who were, or who may
be, retired after forty years' service, or on attaining
the age of sixty-two years, in conformity with sec-
tion one of the act of December, 1861, and its amend-
luents, dated Jtins 25,1864, or those who were or may
be retired from incapacity, resulting from long and
