1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1J,
tin Zeeb; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Martin Zeeb, who was a private in company
E second regiment (Colonel Small's) Washing-
ton Guards, afterward twenty-seventh Penn-
sylvania volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time and
TONNAGE DUTY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1115) to amend an act entitled "An
act increasing temporarily the duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes."
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know but that this bill may be all right, but it
tramples upon so many statutes that I think it
ought to be considered more fully than we
can possibly consider it at this time. There-
fore I object to its consideration now.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill was carefully
considered, and unless we can pass it now it
will be difficult to pass it at this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont withdraw his objec-
tion?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
will take a longer time to consider it and
understand it than we can possibly devote to
it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
NATIONAL BANK NOTES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1207) to replace national bank notes
with United States notes; which was reported
adversely from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLE. Let that bill remain on the
Calendar. I should like to discuss that
tion whenever it comes up for action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will remain on the Calendar.
PAYMENT OP DUTIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1217) relating to the payment of
duties ; which was reported adversely from
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLE. I ask that the same disposi-
tion be made of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will remain on the Calendar.
DEPUTY COLLEOTOIt AT ST. PAUL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1279) to fix the compensation of the
deputy collector of customs at St. Paul.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator who reported the bill what the lawful
compensation of this deputy collector is now?
Mr. CORBETT. My impression is that it
is about $1,000 a year.'
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I think the bill had
better go over. That is more than he deserves.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
LANDS WITIIIN RAILROAD GRANTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
• (S. No. 1409) fixing a minimum price to the
lands remaining to the United States within
the limits of grants for rail or wagon-roads.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It provides
that from and after its passage all sections or
parts of sections of land remaining to the Uni-
ted States within the limits of any grant of
lands made by the United States to aid in the
construction of rail or wagon-roads shall be
disposed of at not less than double the mini-
mum price, or $2 50 per acre; but this re
quirement is not to apply to the lands within
the indemnity limits of such grants, nor to
affect the right of preemptors on such lands,
tvhose settlements are prior to withdrawal, to
prove up and pay for their claims at the mini-
mum price of $'1 25 per acre; nor is it to affect
the privileges accorded by existing homestead
laws to soldiers and sailors.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands if that changes the existing law? I do
not think it does.
Mr. POMEROY. It occurs to me that that
is the law now. This bill must have been
reported during my absence, I think.
Mr. WINDOM. The bill was prepared by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
and submitted to the committee with a letter
recommending its passage, and upon this
ground: under some recent decisions of the
Department the odd-numbered sections which
were occupied at the time of the grant, which
were afterward given up under the Boyd
decision, I think it is, reverted to the Govern-
ment, but under existing laws where those
reversions take place to the Government the
lands are sold at $1 25 per acre, whereas
lands adjoining them of the same quality with
those so held at the time the grant was made
are sold at $2 50 per acre. The object of the
Land Office is to sell all upon the same terms.
Mr. STEWART. Then it does not affect
the price of the even-numbered sections. It
is only the odd sections that revert to the Gov-
ernment that are affected by this bill?
Mr. WINDOM. That is all.
Mr. STEWART. That is all right.
Mr. CASSERLY. The objection which I
have to this bill is that it does not change the
existing law. The interpretation put upon the
law by the Department as to sections that have
reverted from any cause to the Government is
not, I think, an objectionable one in itself. I
think that instead of keeping up the price of
the Government sections within the lines of
selection for railroad purposes, the price ought
to be reduced to $1 25 an acre. I took occa-
sion so to say when the general bill was pass-
ing through the Senate at the last session.
That is still my opinion ; and I would prefer
to have this bill passed over for the present,
because I think the principle involved in it is
one of too much importance to warrant the
passage of the bill during our proceedings on
the Calendar; in other words, I think the
question which this bill raises is one of too
much importance for any debate that would be
proper in dealing with the Calendar. It onght
to be thoroughly discussed.
Mr. WINDOM. I was going to say, with
the permission of the Senator from California,
that I think he will agree with the Department
that the lands ought to be of a uniform price.
There is no reason why section one should be
sold at $1 25 an acre, and section two, lying
beside it, and of no greater value, should be
sold at $2 50. This is simply to bring about
uniformity.
Mr. CASSERLY. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Minnesota that there should be uni-
formity in the rates, but I think instead of
specifying $2 50, as in this bill, the price
should be reduced to $1 25. That is the reg-
ular minimum price of Government lands.
But I repeat, it seems to me this is a bill of
too much consequence in itself and deserving
of too much discussion to permit it to be
passed in our proceedings upon the Calendar.
Mr. STEWART. I confess I like the sugges-
tion of the Senator from California. I believe
that $1 25 an acre is enough for these lands,
and that it would be for the interest of the
Government to sell them at that price. In
that event there would be more of the lands
sold. They would be brought within the
means of a larger number of people, and
there would be less taken up under the home-
stead law. If you put down the price to a
nominal figure, settlers would prefer to pay
&1 25 in many instances rather than be sub-
jected to the requirement of waiting five years
before they could get their title perfected. I
do not think it would make much difference
to the Treasury, and I believe it would be a
good idea. It may be that it is too important
a question to be disposed of in this way.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we ought
to make such a change now. This bill changes
the theory upon which all the grants to rail-
roads have been made. The theory was that
the even-numbered sections should bring $2 50
an acre, while the odd-numbered sections were
given to the railroad, so that the Government
would receive the same amount of money as
though no grant had been made. That is the
theory of our land grants to railroads. If we
now reduce the price of this land, we change
the whole theory. If we do not make any
more land grants, let those that have been
made be administered upon according to the
law.
Mr. CASSERLY. My general idea on this
subject is that the revenue to be derived from
public lands is the very smallest consideration
connected with the subject of their disposition.
The great point is that the Government lands
shall be settled up by an active, energetic,
enterprising population with all convenient
dispatch ; and for a great Government as rich
as ours is, which wants nothing in the world
but population, to hang on to a double mini-
mum price of $2 50 for the sake of the rev-
enue to be derived from it, when everybody
knows that it shuts out thousands of settlers
every year, seems to me to be a solecism in
language and a gross impolicy in practice. So
great a man as Edmund Burke said nearly a
century ago that the question of public lands,
even to the Government of which he was
speaking, the British Government, was not a
question of revenue at all; it was a question
of settlement and of population.
If the Senator from Minnesota will consent
to amend his bill by substituting $1 25 for
$2 50 per acre, I shall offer no opposition to
its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator propose an amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to know whether
the Senator from Minnesota accepts that
amendment; otherwise the bill ought to be
discussed. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is evident we are going
to have a debate on this bill, and it had better
go over.
Mr. WINDOM. The committee and the
Department thought there was a wrong in our
land system now, and desire to have the bill
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have about ten or
twelve pages more of the Calendar to go
through ; and I think, in the interest of these
claimants, all of whom I am in favor of, I will
let this bill go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont objects to the further con-
sideration of the bill, and it will be passed
over.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1626) to confirm certain entries of
land therein named; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The bill proposes
to legalize all entries of public lands under
the act to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands subject to entry to actual
settlers and cultivators, approved the 4th of
August, 1854, made prior to its passage, in
which the purchaser has made the affidavit
and paid or tendered the purchase money as
required by that act and the instructions issued
and in force and in the hands of the register
at the time of making the entry, and patents
are to issue to the parties, respectively, pro-
vided that in case of tender the money is to
be paid, excepting those entries under the act
which the Commissioner of the General Land
Office may ascertain to have been fraudulently
or evasively made; but this is not to be so
construed «s to confirm any of the entries
which have heretofore been annulled and
