282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
nesses to be examined, and of the name of an offi-
cer before whom the same will be taken. The notice
shall be personally served upon the opposite party,
or upon any agent or attorney of his authorized by
hiin to take testimony or cross-examine witnesses
in the matter of such contest, if, by the use of rea-
sonable diligence, such personal service can be
made; but if by the use of such diligence, personal
service cannot be mode, the service may bo made
by leaving a duplicate of the notice at the usual
place of abode ot the opposite party. The notice
shall be served so as to allow the opposite party
sufficient time by the usual route of travel to at-
tend, and one day for preparation, exclusive of Sun-
days and the day of service. And the taking of
the testimony may, if so stated in the notice, be
adjourned from day to day. The notice, with the
proof or acknowledgment of the service thereof,
shall be attached to the depositions when com-
pleted. The party not.lied as aforesaid, his agent
or attorney, may, if ho see fit, select an officer
(having authority to take depositions in such cases)
to officiate, with the officer named in the notice,
in the taking of the depositions ; and if both such
officers attend, the depositions shall be taken be-
fore them both, sitting together, and be cer.ified
by them both. But if only one of such officers at-
tend, the depositions may be taken before and cer-
titied by him alone. It shall be competent for the
parties, their agents, or attorneys authorized to act
in the promises, by consent in writing, to take depo-
sitions without notice; and it shall also be compe-
tent for them, Ijy such written consent, to take de-
positions (whether upon or without notice) before
any officer or officers authorized to take depositions
in common law, or civil actions, or in chancery, by
either the laws of the United States or of the State
in which the same may bo taken, and to waive proof
of the official character of such officer or officers.
Any written consent given as aforesaid shall be re-
turned with the depositions ; and every such officer
so chosen by the parties, their agents, or attorneys,
and officiating, shall have all the powers in the
premises that are conferred by the act to which this
is an amendment upon the officers named therein.
At the taking of any deposition under this act, or
the act to which this is an amendment, either party
may appear and act in person, or by agent or
attorney.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Iowa 
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
bill is up for debate.
Mr. SARGENT. It was allowed to come
in provided it would give rise to 110 debate.
Mr. PARNSWOR I'H. The House never
agreed there should be no debate.
Mr SARGENT. Then I object to its fur-
ther consideration.
The SPEAKER. The agreement does not
force the ilous.' to pass the bill, but the fjet
that the gentkman from Illinois intimates his
desire to debate lays the bill aside.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only wish to ask
a question.
Mr. AicCRARY. If the House will consent
I will be glad to answer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will not hurt the
District of Columbia to wait before granting
it one million and a quarter of dollars so we
may know what we are doing by concurring in
these amendments of the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate being objected
to, the bill is laid aside.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not desire to
debate, but to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] is aware that it has
been ruled numerous times that a question is
debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not withdraw
my right to ask a question.
Mr. McCRARif. 1 think the bill will not
occupy a minute.
Mr. SARGENT. It was said ten minutes
ago that the bill would not take a minute, and
the time is now being wasted. I do not wish
to delay the passage of the bill of the gentle-
man from Iowa, but I do desire that the im-
portant appropriation bill now in Committee
of the Whole shall be disposed of.
Mr. FARNSWORni. There seems to be
no important business for us now but to ap-
propriate money for these streets iu Washing-
ton.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to the considera-
tion of the bill of the geutleuiau from Iowa,
and insist on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
will the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole?
Mr. HOLMAN. The last motion was as
to limiting debate Not understanding what
the motion was precisely, I called for a divis-
ion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
right of the gentleman to ask a division.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to say one word
about this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. McCRARY. Then I hope the House
will not consent to go into Committee of the
Whole now.
The question was on limiting the debate on
the pending paragraph of the deficiency appro-
priation bill to one hour when the House shall
again resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole thereon.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
78, noes 38.
TheSPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
the Chair appoints as tellers the gentleman
from California, Mr. Sargent, and the gen-
tleman from Indiana, Mr. Holman.
Mr. HOLMAN. As ihis matter involves a
million and a quarter of dollars, I think we
may have the yeas and nays on whether we
shall have only an hour's debate. 1 ask the
yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes 83, noes 23.
So (more than one fifth havingvoted therefor)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 47, not
voting 91 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Banks, Barber, Barry,
Bingham, Boles, Braxton. Buffinton, .Roderick R.
Butler, Clarke, Coghlan, Commgo, Conger, Cotton,
Oritcher, Crocker, Dawes, I>onnan, Duljose. Duell,
Duke, Eames, Eldredgo, Esty, Farwell, Forker,
Cbnrles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Uetz,
Griffith. Hale, flarmer, Harper, George J5. Harris,
John X. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph
R. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John \V~. Hazel-
ton, Hill._ Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kendall,
Ketcham, Kinsella, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Manson,
Marshall, Maynard, McHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, Merriain, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Niblack. Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Perry, Poland, Kainey, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scolield, Sh.inks, Shel Ion, Sbelbibarger,
Shoemaker, Slocurn, il. Boardman Smith. John A.
fcjinith, Snapp, Sprague, Starkweather, St.nighton,
St. John, Swann, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Turner, Voorhoes, Waldron, Wallace, Walls,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Wood,
arid Young—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Beatty,
James B. Beck, Bell. Biggs, Bird, Boarman, Bright,
iiuichard, Cobb, Co'iurn, Crossland, Davis, Dodds,
L>ox, Dunneil, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Henry 1).
Foster. Hancock, Hundley, Hay, ilibbard, Holman,
Kerr, King, Leach, Lewis, McClelland, McCormick,
McGrew, McKee, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan, Orr, Porter, Read, William R. Roberts,
Sjieer, Storm, Terry, Van Trump, Whitthorne, and
Willaril—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Barnum, Erasmus W. Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Aus-
tin Blair, J.imes G.Blair, Brooks, Buckley, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Conner, Cox, Cre'bs, Creely, Darrall, Do Lajgc,
Dickey, Elliott, Ely, Frye, Garrett, Giddings, Gol-
laday, Goodrich, Italdeman, Halsey, Hanibleton,
Hanks, Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Kelley, Kellogg,
Killinger, Lamison, Lamport, McCrary, AIoNeely,
Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe, ^Negley, Hosea W.
Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Potter,
Price, Prindle, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sloss, Worthington
C. Smith, Snyder, Stevens, Stevenson, Stowell,
Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Tatbill,
Twichell, Tyner. Upson, Vaughan, W&ddell. Wake-
man, Walden, Warren, Wells. Wheeler. Whitelty,
Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, and Win-
So the motion to limit debate was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
, son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 127)
authorizing the East Chester National Bank
of Mount Vernou to change its location and
name; iu wbioh the concurrence of the House
was requested.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question was put upon Mr. Sargent's
motion ; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofiei.d in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3131) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
was last in session it had under consideration
the following clause of the bill:
District of Columbia:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
expenditures made by the Board of Public Works
of the District of Columbia for paving roadway,
and curbing and paving sidewalks, grading, sewer-
age, and other improvements upon and adjoining
the property of the United States in the District of
Columbia, $1,241,920 9_\ or so much thereof as may
be neces>ary: Provided, That all payments under
this appropriation shall be made only upon vouch-
ers approved by the officer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds of the District, after full
examination and measurement of the said improve-
ments.
The pending question is upon the motioc
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bckch-
ard, J to strike out ''$1,241,920 92," and in
lieu thereof to insert "$800,000." By order
of the Hou.-e a'l debate upon the pending
paragraph will close in one hour.
Mr. BUROHARD rose.
Mr. BEl'K, of Kentucky. I believe I was
entitled to the floor when the committee last
rose.
Mr. BURCHARP I do not rise for the
purpose of occupyii,, the floor, but simply to
modify my amendment.
| Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. BURCHARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment I have pending and move in lieu of it to
amend by inserting in line forty-five, after the
word "provided"—
1 That no part of the money hereby appropriated ^
shall be paid by the Secretary of the Interior ex- *
cept for improvements actually made around or
oppo.-ite to and abutting Government reservations
or public grounds, the amount so to be paid to be
ascertained and computed by measuring and charg-
ing to the United States tho cost only of so much of
such improvement as fronts or abuts upon such
reservations or grounds up to the center of tho
street, alley, or other thoroughfare so improved.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
when I obtained the floor at the close of the
last session of the committee, it was inore for
the purpose of asking a question of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack:.] who is a
member of the Committee on Appropriations,
than of saying anything. Having obtained
the floor, however, I will state why I object
to this provision of the bill as it is reported
by the committee. They propose to pay
$1,241,920 92 as the Government's share for
work done opposite the public buildings, as I
understand it. I find by reading over the
report of the Board of Public Works, and by
reading the speech of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, that they are
requiring the Government to pay five sixths
of all the expenditures opposite property held
by the Government, instead of one half, which
, they ought to be required to pay, when the
other side of the street was owned by others.
, In other words, if a private individual had
; owned the property now owned by the Got-
ernment and the work had been done which
has been done, the private individual would
only have been required to pay one third in
money and two thirds in bonds, $745,152 50,
instead of $1,241,920 92, which the Govern-
ment will be required to pay if this bill passes.
Now, while 1 believe that a just appropria-
tion ought to be made for this purpose, I deny
that the Government ought to be required, in
the form of a deficiency appropriation bill, to
pay more than a private individual would tare
to pay if he owned the property now owned
by the Government. If you are going to gije
ft gratuity to the city, put it on that ground
