2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
thony and Mr. West were appointed to fill
the vacancies.
lands sold for direct taxes.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is some execu-
tive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill I have
reported back which ought to be acted on.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have some executive
business and we had better transact it before
the galleries are opened.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the bill I
reported be acted upon.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
4066) for the relief of the owners of land
sold for direct taxes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
laid aside a moment. I wish to look at it.
It embraces a great many important ques-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside. The pending question is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall have to insist
on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
j. l. hickman.
Mr. COLE. While the doors are being
closed, I beg leave to offer a resolution to
which I am sure there will be no objection.
Mesolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay
out of the contingent fund of the Senate to John L.
Hickman seventy cents per day additional, so as to
make his compensation two dollars per day during
the Forty-First Congress.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That Dr. John F. Hanks have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, it
was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the
petition and papers in the ease of M. Kalbfleisch &
Sons from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. HILL, it was
Ordered, That Rebecca Bailey have leave to
withdraw her petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered. That Jane D. Mum ford have leave to
withdraw her petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
executive business.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After twenty-
five minutes spent in executive session the
doors were reopened.
thanks to the vice president.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
resolution:
Revolved, That the thanks of the Senate are due,
and they are hereby tendered, to Hon. Schuyler
Colfax for the able, dignified, and impartial man-
ner in which he has discharged the laborious duties
of the Chair during the term in which he has pre-
sided over the deliberations of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Car-
pester in the chair) put the question on the
resolution; and it was adopted unanimously.
disabilities op r. m. t. hunter.
Mr. LEWIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill.(H. R.
No. 3844) to remove disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States from Robert M. T.
Hunter, of Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to it.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Michi-
gan listen to me a moment? I appeal to the
Senator from Michigan to withdraw that ob-
jection. I think he promised a few days ago
that he would not make any objection to this
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no. R. M. T.
Hunter was a member of the Senate, was he
not ?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I served with him four
years. I object.
Mr. LEWIS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Virginia moves that all prior orders
be laid aside for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of this bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
public building at pittsburg.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2984) to purchase a site for a public
building in Pittsburg.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to purchase, at private sale, or,
if necessary, by condemnation, in pursuance
of the statutes of the State of Pennsylvania, a
suitable piece of ground in the city of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, for the erection of a
building to be used for a court-house, custom-
house, post office, United States marshal's
office, and other Government offices, the cost
of the same not to exceed $300,000. No
money to be appropriated under the act shall
be available until a valid title to the land is
vested in the United States, nor until the State
of Pennsylvania shall duly release and relin-
quish jurisdiction over the same, and exempt
from taxation such property, and the buildings
to be hereafter erected thereon, while the same
are in the possession of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4058.) to restore a part of
the Round Valley Indian reservation in Cali-
fornia to the public lands, and for other pur-
poses;
A bill (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish the tribal
relations of the Miami Indians, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3857) for the relief of J.
George Harris;
A bill (H. R. No. 2969) to authorize the
Secretary of War to distribute arms and mili-
tary equipments under the act of April 23,
1808, and the acts amendatory thereof:
A bill (H. R. No. 3725) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Leonidas
Haskell, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3569) for the relief of
Miles Greenwood;
A bill (H. R. No. 2436) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mollie L. Roberts ;
- A bill (H. R. No. 3512) for the relief of
John Paine;
A bill (H. R. No. 2202) authorizing joint
entry by preemption settlers, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3687) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty under
the act of July 28, 1866.
disabilities of r. m. t. hunter.
M-r. CHANDLER. I withdraw my objec-
tion to the bill of the Senator from Virginia.
The Senator from Virginia was correct; I was
under a misapprehension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
being withdrawn, the bill (H. R. No. 3844) to
remove disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States from Robert M. T. Hunter is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not fifteen minutes
ago that the Senate refused to proceed to the
consideration of that bill. How did it get up
now ?
Mr. LEWIS. The Senator from Michigan
objected and has withdrawn his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was a vote of the
Senate refusing to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Vermont object 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; but I ask for
the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 11, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Cooper, Davis,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Osborn,
Ramsey. Robertson. Saulsbury. Sawyer, Sehurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, Wilson, and Windom—2$.
KAYS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Conkling,
Corbett, Gilbert, Hamlin, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Pratt, Scott, and Wright—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Boreman, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe, John-
ston, Logan, Machen, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and West—33.
So (two thirds of the Senators present voting
in favor thereof) the bill was passed.
SAMUEL S. POTTER.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2803) for the relief of Samuel S. Potter.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read.
Mr. PRATT. This seminary building was
in the State of Indiana, seized by the medical
director.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read before we take up the bill, so that
we may see what it is precisely.
Mr. PRATT. There was a report made by
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Machen.]
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1106) for the relief of Mrs. F. Seliua Buch-
anan, without amendment.
SENATOR FROM KANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of citizens of Kansas, protesting against
the Hon. J. J. Ingalis being allowed to take
his seat as Senator from that State; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
apportionment of wyoming.
Mr. BOREMAN. While the report in the
Potter case i3 being looked for, here is a short
bill that ought to be passed. There cannot be
a Legislature in the Territory of Wyoming
until this bill or something like it shall be
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia asks that a bill reported
by the Committee on Territories be considered
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no
objection, and the bill (H. R. No. 3949) to
provide for the apportionment of the Territory
of Wyoming for legislative purposes, is before
the Senate^ as in Committee of the Whole.
The apportionment of the Territory of Wyom-
ing for the election of members of the next
Legislative Assembly of said Territory is to be
made by the Governor thereof, under this bill,
in accordance with the provisions of an act
