1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2207
of Congress entitled "An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Wyoming," approved July 25, 1868 ; but for
the purpose of such apportionment it shall not
be necessary to take a new or additional cen-
sus or enumeration of the Territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear that
explained.
Mr. BOREMAN. The apportionment was
made by the Governor under the former act,
and it was provided that before another elec-
tion should take place the Legislature should
make a new apportionment. They met and
failed to do it, aud there can be no election
now without a new apportionment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL S. POTTER.
Mr. PRATT. In case the report in Potter's
case cannot be found I can make a very brief
statement of this case which will be entirely
satisfactory I have no doubt. Mr. Potter, the
beneficiary of this bill, was a clergyman. He
had a large fine school in the city of New
Albany, well established and profitable. It
became necessary to seize upon this seminary
building for the uses of the Army. It was
taken possession of by order of the medical
director and his school was entirely broken
up, his school furniture all set out in the
street. The consequence was thathis business
.was broken up and the man was entirely im-
poverished. Those briefly are the circum-
stances of the case. It was very critically
examined by the Committee on Claims and is
beyond all doubt a meritorious bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2808) for the relief
of Samuel S. Potter. The bill provides for the
payment of $2,000, in full of all claims against
the Government for expenses incurred by
Samuel S. Potter by reason of the seizure of
his seminary building by J. P. Head, medical
director of the District of Kentucky, for hos-
pital purposes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NOTIFICATION TO TUB PRESIDENT.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask consent
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1632.
Mr. CONKLING. Pending that, I ask my
friend to allow me to offer a resolution :
Resolved, That a committee of two members be
appointed to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed by the House of Representatives to wait
upon the President of the United States and inform
him that, unless he may have some farther commun-
ication to make tho two Houses of Congress, hav-
ing finished the business before them, are ready to
adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall not act
on that resolution yet. 1 desire to make a
report.
Mr. CONKLING. "Very well.
philip pendleton.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 3940) for the relief of
Philip Pendleton, and I ask that it be put on
its passage, [t is only to authorize the account-
ing officers to reopen and readjust an account.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation. .
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which is a
direction to the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to reopen and readjust the
accounts of Major Philip Pendleton, late a
paymaster in the United States Army, aud
allow him such additional credits on account
of errors in amounts of money received by him
as such paymaster as the accounting officers
may deem just and equitable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me hear the report
read.
Mr. CAMERON. There is no report, but
there is a memorandum there which will
answer as a report.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If the report
is not here, I ask that a vote be taken on my
motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire action on this
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it will have to
go over.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to make a
brief statement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am always glad to hear
my friend from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way to the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to call up
House bill No. 3505.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I do not give way.
Mr. ANTHONY. -I think- the resolution
offered by the Senator from New York should
pass, not to interfere with the progress of
business, but it has to go to the House.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to give way to me to ask to take
up a resolution that now lies on the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I do.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York having entered his motion
now calls it up, and the question is on agreeing
to the resolution, which will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Sesolved, That a committee of two members of
the Senate be appointed, to join such committee as
may be appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait upon the President of the United States and
inform hiin that the Congress having finished its
business is now ready to close its session by adjourn-
mailt.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed? ["By the Chair!"]
The Chair appoints Mr. Conkling and Mr.
Trumbull.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3846) for the relief of
Peter Dunn and others;
A bill (H. R. No. 3981) for the relief of
Julia P. Lynde, minor child of R. D. Lynde,
late surgeon of United States volunteers,
deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4002) for the relief of
Jonathan Diehl and George Blymer, sureties
on the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor
for carrying the United States mails on post
route No. 4249;
A bill (H. R. No. 2824) for the relief of
Henry H. Stafford, late receiver of public
moneys at Marquette,' Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2703) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish a duplicate certificate
of discharge where the same has been lost; and
A bill (H. R. No. 882) restoring Captain
AlonzoJ. Marsh to his position in the Army,
and that he be honorably mustered out of the
service as of the date of the mustering out of
his regiment.
INDIAN LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I insist on my
motion.
The . VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan insists on his motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Michigan.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1632) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the restoration of certain
lands in Michigan," approved June 10, 1872.
It proposes to extend the time for restoring
to market the lands remaining undisposed of
in the reservations made for the Ottawa and
Chippewa Indians of Michigan, by the treaty
of July 31, 1855, until August 10, 1873; and
the Secretary of the Interior is to cause selec-
tions of land to be made and patented prior to
that date to all Indiana who were entitled un-
der the provisions of the treaty of July 31,
1855, who have not heretofore received the
same in quantity to each according to the pro-
visions of the treaty; and the provisions of
section two of the act of June 10 are extended
until the 10th day of August, 1873.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Last June Con-
gress passed an act extending the time for six
months for Indians to locate under the treaty
of 1855. It has been found that the Indians
in three townships holding certificates of selec-
tions, those selections not having been ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Interior in
consequence of the default of the agent in
making the report, are deprived of their
patents. The Secretary of the Interior has
drawn up this bill, aud asks that it be passed
and the time extended until next August,
giving these Indians the opportunity of secur-
ing title to lauds which belong to them. I
received a note from the acting Secretary of
the Interior, General Cowen, yesterday, press-
ing the consideration by Congress of this sub
ject, saying that he would be embarrassed
inasmuch as the former act compels him to
restore the lands to market, and these Indians
in all these townships will be deprived of their
land. I ask that the time be extended.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Michigan that this is
a Senate bill, and it will be very difficult to get
it to the President.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will take my
chances.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I call up House bill
No. 3503, reported favorably from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, restoring the names of
certain persons to the pension-roll and in
amendment of an act entitled "An act grant-
ing pensions to the survivors of the war of
1812," approved February 14, 1871.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the rebel pension
bill.
Mr. CAMERON. That is a bill to restore
the people of the South. I object to that and
claim my right to the floor.
PHILIP PENDLETON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor and
refuses to yield after ascertaining the title of
this bill. The bill called up by the Senator
from Pennsylvania (H. R. No. 3940) for the
relief of Philip Pendleton is before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is reported to-day aud
I objected to its present consideration, but
it may be considered subject to my reserving
the objection. I did not want to cut off the
observations of my friend.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall say only a word
or two. This case of Major Pendleton is a
peculiar one. He was appointed a paymaster
early in the war. He was employed in distant
parts of the country with the Army and got his
accounts in great confusion, as the early pay-
masters often did who were appointed from
private life. When his accounts were ex-
amined by the accounting department he was
out of the country. They brought him in
debt a larger sum than he thinks he owes thg
Government. He asks only an opportunity
to be allowed to bring before the accounting
department such vouchers as he can find and
