1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ORVILLE J JENNINGS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2910) for the relief of Orville J.
Jennings.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Pratt, from the Committee
on Claims, January 24,1873:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2910) for the relief of Orville J.
Jennings, submit the following report r
On the 30th day of December, 1868, Captain F.Har-
wood, ofthecorpa of engineers, forandon the part of
the United States, entered into a written contract
with Samuel G. Hart and Orville J. Jennings, com-
posing the firm of Hart & Jennings, for the removal
by them, at their own labor and cost, of the old
outer breakwater in the harbor of Dunkirk, New
York; that is to say, for leveling, by dredging or
otherwise, to a depth of fourteen feet below United
States standard low water, all stones at the rate of
three dollars per cord, and in like manner lor level-
ing to the same depth all old lumber for three cents
per lineal foot. They were to commence the work,
(f required, by May 1,1*8(59. and complete the whole
by May 31,1869, if so required.
The notice to contractors had been drawn up with
care, and grave as full a representation of the nature
of the work to be done as could bo ascertained be-
fore the letting. It is not pretended that the engin-
eer or inspector in charge of the work were guilty
of any deception calculated to mislead contractors
in engaging to do the work for inadequate compen-
sation. There was great variety of opinion as to
the difficultios to be encountered in performing the
work, and this found expression in the bids offered,
which wore fourteen in number.
Hart & Jennings wore the lowest bidders at the
rates set forth in the contract. They had made
suoh probings and soundings as were practicable to
enable them to bid judiciously, but, as the sequel
shows, ihoy entirely failed to grasp the real difficul-
ties they subsequently encountered in the prosecu-
tion of their work. They bid on the supposition
the crib-work had boon detached, loosened, and
could be easily grappled with and torn to pieces in
detail.
The bids for leveling the stone ranged from three
to twenty dollars per cord. The bid next lowest,
Hart & Jennings, was five dollars per cord. One was
for $19 70; several at ten dollars, some nine dollars.
The average of the fourteen bids for this part of the
work was $9 90 per cord. The bids forromoviDg the
timber ranged from throe cents per linear foot up to
one dollar. The average of the fourteen bids was
twenty and a half cents per linear foot. And hero,
too. Ltart & Jennings wero the lowest bidders.
The work turned out to be of the most difficult de-
scription, and required three seasons instead of one
to complete it. The engineer, the inspector in
charge of the work, tho keeper of the light-house
near by, and several others familiar with the nature
of the work actually performed in removing the
tldbris. unite in commending tho contractor's dili-
gence and energy, and they emphasize tho great ob-
suioles he encountered, both on account of stormy
weather and the compacted condition of the cribs to
be removed.
The old outer breakwater in the habor, which was
to be removed, commonced at a point near the cast
shore of and a short distance inside the point where
tho light-house now stands, and extended westward
a distance of two hundred and ten feet. The plan
and construction were of tho most compact and
solid character known to engineers, tho cribs being
twenty by thirty feet in size, and built of timbers
of irregular dimensions, none boing less than twelve
inches square, framed with "dovetails" on the ends
and secured by cross-ties strongly bolted with long
iron bolts and tree-nails passing through several
courses of timber, and additionally strengthened by
sheath-piling from tho inside, bolted through each
and every timber, having a tendency to give to the
whole woik the solidity and strength of- a solid
mass. These cribs wore originally sunk to an aver-
age depth of seventeen feet and filled with stone,
Erincipally bowlders, many of thom so large as to
e handied only by the aid of a windlass. The
foreman who superintended the construction and
sinking of these cribs expresses the opinion that
it would be impossible for any one to form an accu-
rate or even adequate estimate of tho strength of
the work and the difficulty in its removal, without
previous knowlodgo of tho full nature of its con-
struction and great strength. Other witnesses speak
to the same effect. The site of the work being very
exposed a great deal of difficulty had been experi-
enced in scouring the cribs in the proper place,
several having changed their position before safety
was secured.
Others express the opinion that this crib-work was
as firmly and strongly put together as iron and wood
could make it. It had to be torn apart piece bv
piece. Much of the time the weather was boisterous
and work impracticable or difficult. One dredge
and a tug-boat were hired by the contractor, and he
paid for their service upward oi $5,000, and that for
one season only. His own dredge was stranded in a
storm, got afloat with difficulty, and hadjto be taken
to Buffalo for repairs. When his was stranded
dredges commanded $150 per day.
Diligently and faithfully for three seasons did he
pursue the work, the contract being extended from
time to time by the engineer in charge of the same
because of the uncommon difficulty encountered and
the diligence and good faith evinced by the contrac-
tor. The witnesses express the opinion that Jen-
nings completed the work thoroughly, and as expe-
ditiously as the weather would permit.
During the progress of the work other appliances
than dredging were resorted to, such as blasting and
raising timbers by means of a Spanish windlass. But
these experiments proved fruitless, after a great
deal of submarine blasting and the wasting of much
powder.
It had been supposed by the contractors in bid-
ding that these cribs constituted a continuous line
of work; but it turned out that many of them were
detached, deeply sunken, imbedded, and interlocked
in such a manner as to entirely change the char-
acter of the work as originally constructed, and
greatly increase the labor and expense of its re-
moval. The dredge frequently tore up several
pieces of 'Amber joined together with long iron bolts
and tree-nails, so strongly secured with sheath-piles
that they could not be broken apart in detaiK In-
deed, the work was of the most honest construction
and of great strength, and it is the testimony of
experts that no one, unless fully informed of its con-
struction and the changes it had undergone, and
skilled by experience in the removal of similar
obstructions, could possibly have made an approxi-
mate estimate of the cost of removal.
There were two inspectors of the work on hand at
different times, superintending it as it progressed.
Their testimony is before the committee. It does
not leave a doubt that Jennings prosecuted the re-
moval of tbe dSbris-vfith just as much dispatch as
was practicable. No Government officer censures
him.
Now as to his losses. We speak of Jennings's
losses, for his partner and cocontractor assigned all
his interest in the contract and abandoned the part-
nership soon after this engagement with the Gov-
ernment was entered into.
Jennings paid Dunbar & Co. for the hire of their
dredge-boat from July 30 to November 15,
I860 15,391
The services of the dredge and tug in 1870 and
1871, sixty-two days, at $100 per diem, are
valued at  6,200
The services of the dredge and tug, for 1871,
forty-four days, at $100 per day  4,400
Loss of time in repairing dredge, twenty
days    2,000
Blasting material and labor for same  300
Total j $18,291
Ono witness places the value of tho work done at
$20,000.
What the contractor was entitled to receive from
the United States by tho terms of the contract for
this work, occupying more than one hundred days
with the dredge, and running through three sea-
sons, and what he did receive in point of fact, and
all chat he received, was the sum of $1,867 05. What
ho received from the United States was only about
one third of the sum he paid for the hire of Dunbar
& Co.'s dredge. His own dredgo, the America,
had to undergo repairs and havestronger machinery
Sut in to overcome the difficulties of the work,
'educting the sum recoived from the cost of the
work would loave a balance of $16,423 95 due Jen-
nings. But tho House bill allows him $10,000, even
which, when paid, will in the opinion of the com-
mittee loave him still a loser. All the witnesses
concur in the fact of the loss. Indeed, it is appar-
ent enough, when he paid out to one firm three
times the amount of his whole pay for the use of
their dredge-boat. Some estimate his loss loosely
by " thousands;" one says the work done was worth
$20,000. No one estimates it less than the sum given
by this bill with the Government price paid added.
The committee are of opinion that while under
his improvidont contract with the Government
there is nothing due to Mr. Jennings, yet it would
be a reproach upon the justice of Congress to hold
him to its strictness. l£e has performed it to the
satisfaction of the agents of the United States in
charge. A great obstruction to commerce has been
removed and the work thoroughly done, and prob-
ably as fast as was practicable ; and under it Jen-
nings is actually out of pocket more than the $10,000
this bill gives him. We think equity and good con-
science require some indemnification in the prem-
ises, and accordingly recommend the passage of the
bill without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of tbe Senator from Indiana if there is any
recommendation from the War Department
in favor of paying the lowest bidder a sum
much greater than some of the bids above him
for doing this work?
Mr. PRA.TT. I do not remember that
there was any recommendation from the War
Department of the character the Senator
speaks of
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I think the bill had
better go over until we inquire. It is one of
those extraordinary cases in which a man
makes a bid so low that everybody knows he
cannot do the work for that price, and thus gets
rid of the statutes which require contracts to
be awarded to the lowest bidder, and then
tarns around and proposes to have all that he
lost and all that he might have made made up
to him. This may be an exception to the rule,
but until we hear from the War Department I
think it had better go over.
Mr. PBATT. We have occupied so much
time already in the consideration of this ease
that it would be a pitty to have it passed over
now. The fullest consideration was given to
it by the committee, .and we thought we were
doing nothing but the simplest justice to Mr.
Jennings in awarding him the sum of $10,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not doubt that the
committee thought so.
Mr. PBATT. I was very careful in drawing
up this report to set forth all the grounds on
which we came to that conclusion. I supposed
that they would satisfy all parties.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the Senator from
Vermont will withdraw his objection. I have
not known so much about the contract and the
facts involved in this case as are stated in the
report which has been read to the Senate;
but I know Mr. Jennings, the contractor.
This work was done in my immediate neigh-
borhood; and I can bear testimony to the
faithfulness, according to common report, of
the work performed, and the worthiness of
Mr. Jennings. It is generally understood that
he suffered largely in the prosecution of this
work, from which the Government has bene-
fited ; and I am sure that on this full report
of the case by the committees of the two
Houses, the bill having passed the House of
Representatives, I may appeal to the Senator
from Vermont to withdraw his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iam not in the habit of
engaging in debate after a bill has gone over;
but I cannot let what my friend from New
York has said go without a single word in
reply.
This bill involves—I do not suppose it is of
any consequence to the Senate or to the
Treasury—a very important principle in the
first place, and that is whether, when the law
requires that people with their eyes open eon-
tract upon competition to do particular work,
as they do with private parties for a certain
sum, we are to - say that when they fail to
make a profit out of it, or suffer a loss, we
will undertake to make it good the first time
they appeal to us, or the second, or any other
time, if you do, then you destroy all the se-
curity that the law gives us against fraud upon
the Treasury ; and I feel this the more because
I believe, although I do not profess to be a
prophet, that we are quite likely soon to enter
into an important contract respecting certain
matters of the Government, pursuant to an
act of Congress, that in my opinion will cer-
tainly break down, that every intelligent man
knows cannot go on according to the bid ; and
this will be an excellent precedent for coming
in and asking Congress to make up two or
three or four or five hundred thousand dollars,
as the case maybe. That is not the way to do
business. I should much prefer for one to
subscribe individually to the extent of my
means, and a great deal beyond them, if this
man is a sufferer from an accident, to make
him good, than to repeal in effect the only se-
curity we have in respect to the contracts, in
all branches of the public service, and that is
that they shall be let to the lowest bidder.
The law requires it, and the lowest bidder is
bound to see that it is he, and not the Gov-
ernment, that takes the risks
I believe it appears in this very case, though
I have not had time to figure it up, that this
man's bid, so low as it is, having added to it
the sums now proposed to be paid, will make
the cost which we incur in paying him much
greater than if we had accepted a bid much
higher than his; and for aught we know, that
bidder might have had skill enough to carry
out the contract without difficulty. So I trust,
in the absence of any recommendation fiom
the Department, that I shall not be asked to
withdraw my objection. If it is necessary to
object at once to a bill before you know what
