1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
was scouted, and any motion made to that effect
upon an appropriation bill was ruled out of
order at once by the chairman. And now we
are a;.ked, in a lump, and in a deficiency bill,
and in great haste, because we are told that
they must have the money before the holidays
or people will sta ve—we are asked to vote
this immense amount of money to discharge
an obligation incurred in violation of law!
Other gentlemen get up here, as did the gen-
tle nan from the Wabash [Mr. Nibi.ack] and
thegentleinan from Tennessee [ Mr. M a vnakd]
the oiherdav. and excused theirconscience in
voiing for this appropriation by talking of the
satisfaction they will have in showing their
constituents how elegantly their money has
been expended in Washington. Sir, I fancy
I see my distinguished friend from Tennessee
■with some of his sable constituents [laughter]
or some of those cadaverous butter-nutclothed
individualsfrom his part of ilie country, [laugh-
ter.] who cannot get fifteen cents a bushel for
their corn, showing them around and pointing
out how elegantly their t&xes have been appro-
prutt d in beautifying the city of Washington.
Or 1 fancy 1 seethegentleman from the Wabash,
a member of the Committee on Appropriations,
who^e constituents were but a little while ago
burning their corn for fuel—I fancy I see him
on some great day, perhaps on New Year's
day, taking some of those linsey-woolsey
gentlemen from his country, [laughter,] in
their Kentucky jeans ; who cannot get here
unless you make an appropriation to pay their
expenses : but I fancy I see with what satis-
facion. with what complacency past all com-
prehension, he would lead them up and down
. these beautiful avenues and show them how
elegantly their money has been appropri-
ated. He would say to them l,It is true we
tax you heavily ; it is true you get but fifteen
cents a bushel tor your corn, but see how
beautifully ornamented this park is; see the
beautiful sidewalk we have made here in front
of the dwelling of some member of Congress,
or around some public square which the Gov-
ernment has also ornamented for his delight;
see what a beautiful crossing we have made
here, so that the Government officials may
cross the street almost unshod and without
wetting the soles of their feet." Sir, go back
to your constituents and face them ; go back to
the men who have no paved streets, who have
no sidewalks, who have no crossings, except
such as they have made themselves by laying
down a log, and tell them how you have used
th<?ir money in the city of Washington! Go
home to them and tell them that you have ap-
propriated in one lump one and a quarter mil-
lion dollars for expenditures not around the
public buildings here.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
for a moment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot unless you
will extend ray time.
Mr. NIBLACK We will extend your time.
I want to inquire of my friend from Illinois—
because 1 suppose he desires to be entirely fair
about this matter 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. Did not the gentleman
last year vote to appropriate four or five hun-
dred thousand dollars to extend the area of
the public grounds aronrid this Capitol?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Most certainly ; and
I have always been in favor of appropriations
to take care of our grounds
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That was to buy
more ground.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no.
Mr. GARFJELD. of Ohio. Yesitwas.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No matter. I have
been coming here to Congress for the last six-
teen years, and we have never had decent sur-
roundings to this Capitol. It is now sur-
rounded by horse stables, street-car tracks, and
all that sort of thing. But this bill is not to
appropriate money lor improvements around
| this Capitol, or for that which shall be for the
convenience of the people of the United States
who come here on business. Where did they
commence to exviend this money? In streets
around the Capitol grounds? No. About
the public buildings? Notsomuchso. Then
where have they made these expenditures?
Why, sir, about the little circles and public
reservations or parks, and the making im-
provements around the parks for the conven-
ience and comfort of the citizens residing
there.
Now, I am willing to vote liberal appro-
priations to finish up these Capitol grounds,
because that is property that belongs to the
United States and we must do it. I would
take pride in seeing these grounds completed.
Let us do that before we appropriate money
to improve streets that are away from our
public buildings.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is not this for the im-
provement of the public grounds?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. It is to pave the streets
about the public buildings; and is not that
an extension of the same principle?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, it is in addi-
tion to that principle. We have always made
appropriations for the public grounds. This
is asking us, in addition to taking care of the
public grounds and ornamenting them, to
improve and ornament the streets and grounds
lor the benefit and gratification of the peo-
ple here
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am some
times thankful for the mistakes gentlemen
make, for they occasionally, as in this in-
stance, give us a fine speech to listen to.
Now, every word uttered here by the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat has been
based on an utter misapprehension of the
facts. There is no man at all acquainted
with this subject but is aware that the speech
of the gentleman is based upon the idea that
these expenditures in this district have been
unwarranted by law, and that we are asked
here to ratify an unlawful expenditure of
money.
Now, I ask the attention of gentlemen for a
few minutes to that point. The organic act of
this District, passed by Congress in 1871, put
the streets, avenues, and alleys of this District
under the absolute charge and control of a
Board of Public Works, created by Congress,
appointed by the President, and confirmed by
the Senate. That organic act empowers that
board to do two things: first, to disburse what
ever moneys maybe appropriated to them by the
District or by Congress; second, to assess one
third of the cost of improvements upon the
private property-holders of the District. The
Board ot Public Works, before it took any action
whatever, called upon General Humphrey and
a number of the leading officers of the Gov
ernment here—General Meigs was one of
them—to act as an advisory board and assist
them in laying down a plan for the improve-
ment of the city of Washington. When that
advisory board, composed of men high among
the officers in the employ of the Government,
had completed their plan, this Board of Public
Works laid it before the General Assembly of
this District. On the 10th day of July, 1871,
the District Assembly passed an act, which I
hold in my hand, ratifying the plan submitted
to them, ordering and empowering the Board
of Public Works to carry it out, and appropri-
ating for that purpose $4,000,000, obtained by
a loan which the District government was
authorized to negotiate.
Now, with $4,000,000 thus appropriated in
their hands, the board proceeded under their
further powers of assessment; special assess-
ment upon private property for special im-
provements, and those special assessments,
made in accordance with law, amounted to
$2,000,000 more. Furthermore, there was
placed in the hands of this board by Congress
for work to be done along the canal and
streets, other sums of money.
The Board of Public Works, thus amply
empowered to take every inch of street, ave-
nue, and alley in their charge, authorized by
an act of the Legislative Assembly approving
the plan which had been submitted on the
advice of the eminent gentlemen I have named,
did proceed to expend this money in accord-
ance with law ; and an account of this expend-
iture will be found in their report, which is on
the table of many gentlemen here, which is no
private document, which is a document ordered
by law to be presented to Congress, and every
gentleman can get a copy. If it is not in the
hands of every member it is not my fault.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman say
that that report is one of the public documents
within the reach of every member of this
House ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose it to
be. It is a report made to the President of
the United States, and by him submitted to
Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman
know that it, is not a public document?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is a docu-
ment submitted to Congress by the President,
and one to which he calls attention in his mes-
sage. There can be no more public document
than this.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman tell
us where we can obtain a copy?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose it
can be obtained at the folding-room.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not at the folding-
room.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 never heard
the point raised before that this was not a public
document. It is, so far as I know, as public
a document as any in the United States, unless
it be the Constitution of our country
Now, I say that the Board of Public Works
have made a report of their doings, and they
tell us that they have expended $7,086,212 87,
including their liabilities for what is now being
done. We are not bound in law to pay a dol-
lar of this. They were ordered to carry out
the plan of improvement approved and adopted
by the Legislative Assembly; and in carrying
it out—in grading and improving the streets—
our reservations, public buildings and grounds
came within the line of their improvements.
Did you want them to stop and leave the streets
and avenues before the public property unim-
proved ? Did you want them to leave the grade
in front of our public buildings two or three
feet higher or lower than upon the adjoining
portion of the street? What did you want
them to do? They were empowered and di-
rected to attend to the improvement of all the
streets, avenues, and alleys; apd they have
done it.
It is true you can now shut the door of your
Treasury and say, "Very well; you have done
work for us, but we will not pay any part of
the expense." You can do that if you please;
but no gentleman can rise here and say that
this work has been done in violation of law.
I ask any fair-minded man whether this does
not take away the last remnant of the position
assumed by the gentleman from Illinois? The
question is, what ought Congress reasonably
and equitably to do as its share in paying
for these improvements? The Committee on
Appropriations have made thetr recommend-
ation on this subject. We do not ask Con-
gress to say that the particular rule suggested
in my speech the other day shall always be
followed. I think that in order to get at the
matter properly and directly we had better do
this: we had better have '.he District property,
and our own included, thoroughly and care-
fully assessed, and then pay our share.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not there a gen-
eral statute forbidding officers of the Govern-
