1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1249
il is, I will acl. cm that principle; but I do not
wish to be reproached after having heard a
report Uiat I have objected too late.
Mr. PRATT. I submit 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must interrupt this debate. It is entirely out
of order, the bill having been objected to and
passed over.
HENRY E JANES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1442) for the relief of Henry E.
Janes; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Treasury is directed by
the bill to pay to Henry E. Janes, late a pri-
vate in company B third regiment Virginia
volunteers, afterward, by consolidation of
parts of regiments, a private in company B
sixth regiment West Virginia cavalry, $296,
being the amount of back pay and original
bounty withheld from him at the time of his
discharge, together with the additional bounty
of $100, provided by the act of July 28, 1866,
which additional bounty has never been paid
to him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
thij'd reading, read the third time, and passed.
DIFFERENTIAL DUTIES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask to have
House bill No. 3789 substituted for one that
we have just passed, Senate bill No. 1417, re-
lating to the same subject, in identically the
same words. It was doubtful whether the bill
had passed the Senate, and I find upon exam-
ination that it had not passed the Senate, but
had passed the House. I therefore ask that
the H^use bill may be substituted for the Sen-
ate bill we have just passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 3789) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to refund the
differential duty on articles actually on ship-
board in French vessels destined for the United
States on the 5th of November, 1872.
The bill was read.
Mr. COLE. How much does that bill re-
quire?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A very small
amount.
Mr. COLE. That is a very indefinite answer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know how much it will cover, but not much.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now I move
that the action in relation to Senate bill No.
1417, of the same title, be rescinded, and that
the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
kent at harper's ferry.
Mr. DAVIS. A few days ago, when we had
under consideration the Calendar, we passed
over the bill (S. No. 1192) for the relief of
Charity Lodge No. Ill of Free and Accepted
Masons, of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia.
It was objected to by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who I believe will not
object now.* I move to take up that bill at
this time.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent ; and the bill was read the second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It appropriates $767 39 to reimburse Charity
Lodge No. Ill of Free and Accepted Masons,
of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia, for expenses
incurred by the lodge in refitting their lodge-
room, which expense was made necessary by
the occupation of the same by the United States
troops from the year 1861 to the year 1864.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 79.
amendmont, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
heirs of thomas lawson.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The considera-
tion of bills on the Calendar will now be
resumed. The next in order is Senate bill
No. 1443.
The bill (S. No. 1443) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Thomas Lawson, deceased,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It appropriates
to the heirs at law of Thomas Lawson, de-
ceased, $4,600, being the balance of rent due
to them from the United States under a lease
made in the month of January, 1861, for the
use and occupation of house No. 223, and lots
Nos. 7, 8, 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, and part of lot
No. 11, in square No. 169, in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia, belonging
to the heirs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE HENRY PREBLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1444) to authorize? the President, to
appoint George Henry Preble, now a captain
on the active list of the Navy, to be a commo-
dore.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
explained, as it disarranges the law apparently.
It seems to jump a man over the regular course,
which I am entirely opposed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, it does not
do that. I will explain it. It means to put
this man in the position ou the register and
in the service where he would kave been prop-
erly, provided a certain thing in his official
history had not taken place.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was that thing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That. 1 will ex-
plain to the honorable Senator. He was at
one time during the war under the displeasure
of the Department for what the Department
understood to be a remissness in his duty.
That remissness consisted in this : he was sta-
tioned in Mobile bay, I think. While there a
brig ran past him into the bay, which he sup-
posed to be a British brig, but it was a con-
federate vessel running the blockade. She
came down upon him with British colors and
i supposed that she was a British brig.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I remember about that
historical circumstance, and if I do not inter-
rupt the speech of my friend, I think the bill
had better go over.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
it is a controverted matter, if the Senator will
listen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont insist upon his objec-
tion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. When I object, Ialwaysdo.
PNEDMATIC TUBE JiOAD
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1445) to authorize the construction of
a sphero-pneumatic tube road between the
cities of New York and Chicago.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before that
bill is read, and before we take any action
upon it, as I do not see that it has been re-
ported upon by any committee having charge
of pneumatics, I should like to inquire about
our success in pneumatic tubes thus far, and
whether it will warrant our proceeding another
step in this direction or not.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator looks at
me. A provision was passed in the sundry
civil expenses appropriation bill at the last
session for a pneumatic tube from the Capitol
to the Government Printing House, which was
very much needed, which was perfectly prac-
ticable, pncumatic tubes being as well under-
stood, though not so numerous, as railroads
and telegraphs. The provision as it originally
came from the House directed that the pneu-
matic tube should be made upon Mr. Bris-
bane's plan. At the suggestion of the Com-
mittee on Printing, that was stricken out, so
as to let it be made upon any plan which the
officer charged with the execution of the law
might select. But for some reason or other,
which I do not understand, the tube has been
attempted to be constructed on Mr. Brisbane's
plan. I do not know what that plan is, but
Mr. Brisbane is a very enthusiastic and a very
agreeable gentleman and I have no doubt that
he has some ideas with regard to transmission
by his principles which may be of use to the
public, but I think it a very great shame that
this Government should be trying other peo-
ple's experiments, and that when there is a
process of constructing a pneumatic tube that
has been proved, and that could be done in
thirty days, we should now have an experi-
ment half finished, and, as I see by the papers,
caved in, and I suppose whatever money has
been expended upon it is lost.
I make these remarks in no unkindness to
Mr. Brisbane. I know nothing whateverabout
his plans. But I say that after the debate in
the Senate upon that bill, and after the amend-
ment passed, the officer who had charge of
the disbursement of that money ought not to
have tried any experiment with it; it was
throwing the money away ; and I shall move
when the proper appropriation bill comes up
to have an appropriation for a pneumatic tube
from here to the Government Printing Office
upon a system that has been established and
operated.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object to
the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
WARREN AND MOORE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1452) for the relief of Warren &
Moore, of Nashville, Tennessee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFlCEli,. The bill '
will be passed over.
ST. MARY'S CANAL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1453) to provide for the transfer of
the St. Mary's Falls canal of Michigan, with
all its appurtenances, and all the right and title
of the State of Michigan in and to the same,
to the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. That bill may as well
go over, as I know it will be objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
VIOLATIONS OF REVENUE LAWS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. Ii.No. 187) to amend an act entitled "An
act to prevent smuggling, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 18, 1866; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to amend the seventh section
of the act entitled "An act to further prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes." approved
July 18, 1866, so as to make it read as follows:
That it shall bo the duty of the several collectors
of customs and of internal revenue to report within
ten days to the district attorney of the district in
which any fine, penalty, or forf eiture may bo incurred
for the violation of any law of the United States re-
lating to the revenue, a statement oi all the taets
and circumstances of the case within their knowl-
edge together with the names of the witnesses, and
which may come to their knowledge from time to
time, stating the provisions of the law believed to be
violated, and on which a reliancc may be had lor
condemnation or conviction, and such district at-
torney shall cause the proper proceedings to be com-
menced and prosecuted without delay tor the fanes,
penalties, and forfeitures by law in such case pro-
vided, unless, upon inquiry and examination, ne
shall decide that such proceedings cannot probably
be sustained, or that the endsoi public justice do not
reauirc that proceedings should be instituted, m
which case he shall report the fads in customs cases
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and in internal
revenue cases to the Commissioner m Lnternal ilev-
enue, for their direction; and for the expenses in-
curred and services rendered in all such cases the
district attorney shall leceive and be miidirom the
Treasury such sum as the Secretary of the ireasury
shall deem just and reasonable upon the certificate
