1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
of the judge before whom such cases aro tried or
disposed of: Provided, however, That the annual
compensation of such district attorney shall not ex-
ceed the maximum amount now prescribed by law;
and if any collector shall in any case fail to report
to the proper district attorney as prescribed in this
section, such collector's share of any fine, penalty, or
forfeiture imposed or incurred in such case shall be
forfeited to the United States, and the same shall be
awarded to such persons as may make complaint
and prosecute the same to judgment or conviction.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments; at the end of
line thirty-four, to strike out after the word
" collector's," the words " share of," and in-
sert "right to;'' in line thirty-five, after the
word "any," to strike out tbe words "fine,
penalty, or forfeiture imposed or incurred,"
and insert "compensation, benefit, or allow-
ance at the end of line thirty-seven to strike
out the word "shall" and insert the words
" may in the discretion of the Secretary of the
Treasury so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, however. That the annual compensa-
tion of such district attorney shall not exceed the
maximum amount now prescribed by law; and if
any collector shall ill any case fail to report to the
proper district attorney as prescribed in this sec-
tion, such collector's right to any compensation,
benefit, or allowance in such oaso shall be forfeited
to the United States, and tho same may, in the dis-
cretion ot the Secretary of the Troasury, be awarded
to such persons as may make complaint and prose-
cute the same to judgment or conviction.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I tliink this
bill ought to be explained. I see the chairman
of the committee is here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It simply provides, re-
enacting an existing section of law, for allow-
ing to the district attorneys of the United
States the same compensation, in the discre-
tion of the Department, for attendance before
commissioners on internal revenue prosecu-
tions that are allowed them by the customs
laws. By a slip in the internal revenue stat-
utes no compensation at all is allowed to the
district attorneys for attendance before com-
- missioners in preliminary prosecutions or for
trials and indictments for violations of the
internal revenue laws, when a proper com-
pensation, which is limited by law, is allowed in
customs cases. This puts the two upon cxactly
the same looting.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
frossed and the bill to be read a third time.
'he bill was read the third time, and passed.
claims op states.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1283) for the relief of the State of
Connecticut and other States ; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, Tho
bill is a direction to the Secretary of the
Treasury, out of any money appropriated to
continue the settlement of accounts presented
under the act of July 27, 1861, to pay to the
Governor of Connecticut, or to his duly author-
ized agents, any amounts advanced by that
State in payment of chaplains, extra surgeons,
or assistant surgeons, employed by the State
in these capacities during the late war; these
claims to be settled by the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury upon vouchers filed ;
and certificates of actual employment are to
be filed with the accounts.
When the vouchers of other States for pay-
ments made to chaplains, extra surgeons, or
assistant surgeons situated similarly with those
of Connecticut are filed, the Treasury Depart-
ment is to adjust and settle them according to
the same provision®.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read th.e third tjme, apd passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I enter a motion to recon-
sider that bill. I should like to look at. it,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Let me say a word
to the Senator, and I think he will not enter
that motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS, {t wjll 4s po bam- I
will enter the motion, and it cau be withdrawn
in a day or two if I find that the bill is right.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Perhaps if I were
to make a statement the Senator would not
make the motion to reconsider.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to my
friend making his statement.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will simply state
that there were certain officers appointed in
Connecticut regiments during the rebellion
who went into the service of the State without
being mustered into the service of the United
States. The orders of the War Department
did not call for all of them. There was a time
when they did not call for chaplains. There
was a time when they called for only one or
two surgeons, and three were sent. Some of
'these officers have been paid ; but an objec-
tion has been raised because some of them
were in the service of the State and then were
ordered from the service of the State to be
mustered into other regiments by the United
States. There was a time between the time
when they left the State service until they
were mustered into the United States service
which the accounting officers were not able
to meet, nor do they go back to pay for the
services they actually rendered before. This
bill provides that they may have the actual
time in service, but that the certificates of
actual employment shall be filed with the
accounts, so that they can be paid during this
vacancy, if you please. I hope the Senator
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can withdraw it in
half an hour as well; but I did not object.
The bill was passed, and I only entered a
motion to reconsider in order that the papers
might be retailed for a short time until the
case can be looked at; then I can withdraw
the motion if 1 am satisfied.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Very well.
testimony undkil lettkks rogatory.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(II. It. No. 2i)o9) to regulate the taking of
testimony in certain cases; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
first sect ion declares that no witness shall be
compelled to appear or to testify before any
commissioner or officer appointed to take testi-
mony under a commission or letters rogatory,
issued or to be issued from any court in any
foreign country, in any suit or proceeding in
which the Government of such foreign country
shall be a party or shall have an interest,
except for the purpose of answering specific
written interrogatories issued with and ac-
companying such commission or letters roga-
tory, and addressed to such witness. Tho
second section provides that no witness shall
be required, on such examination, to make
any disclosure or discovery which he would
be protected from making if the same were
pending in a court of the State or Territory
within which such examination is had.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line five, sec-
tion one, to strike out the words " a commis-
sion orin line eight to strike out the words
"or shall have an interest" and insert " of
record or in interest;" and in line eleven to
strike out "commission or;" so as to make
the section read:
That no witness shall be compelled to appear or to
testify beforo any commissioner or officer appointed
to tako testimony under letters rogatory, issuod or
to be issued from any court in any foreign country,
in any suit or proceeding in which the Government
ofsuch foreign country shall be a party of record or
in interest, oxcept for the purpose of answering spe-
cific written interrogatories issued with and accom-
panying such letters rogatory, and addressed to such
witness.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wos to add to section
one the following proviso :
Provided, That when counsel for all the parties
attend the examination, they may consent that
Questions in addition to those accompanying the let-
ters rogatory may be put, to the witness, unless the
letters rogatory exclude such additional interroga-
tories.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line two, after the word "examination" to
insert " or any other under letters rogatory;"
in line three, strike out the words " he would
be protected from making if the same were
pending in a court of the" and insert "shall
tend to criminate him, either under the laws
of the;" and at the end of the section to in-
sert "or any other, or any foreign State so
that the section would read :
sec. 2. That no witness shall be required, on such
examination, or any other under letters rogatory, to
make any disclosure or discovery which shall tend
to criminate him either under the laws of the State
orTerntory ivithin which such examination is had,
or any other, or any foreign State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
iieirs or david shelton, sr.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3370) for the relief of the widow
and heirs of David Shelton, sr., deceased;
which was read. It declares the widow and
heirs of David Shelton, sr., deceased, late pri-
vate company E second regiment North Caro-
lina mounted infantry volunteers, entitled to
the same bounty, pay, pension, and allowance
as if the name of the soldier had been regu-
larly carried up on the muster-out rolls of his
company.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Does not the bill pro-
pose to place the name of these parties on the
pension-roll? I did not hear distinctly the
reading of the bill.
The bill was again read.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It seems to me that
that bill, including pensions, ought to have
been referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Injustice may be done by putting persons on
the pension-roll by the report of other com-
mittees than the Pension Committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware object to the bill?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir; I had rather
it should go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
theodore a. tellkampf
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2676) for the relief of Dr. Theo-
dore A. Tellkampf; which was read. It pro-
vides for the payment to Theodore A. Tell-
kampf of $770 50, being the amount due him
from the United States for services rendered
as division surgeon of the western department,
and for traveling expenses; but he is to receipt
in full to the United States for the services
named upon receiving that amount.
Mr. HOWE. Is there a report in that
case ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear some
explanation, if anybody can give it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
was reported by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Morrill] from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HOWE. Let it be passed over inform-
ally until that Senator comes in.
educational fund.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(11. R. No. 1043) to establish an educational
fu,nd, and to apply the proceeds of the public
lands to the education of the people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I see that
the chairman of the Committee on Education
and Labor is not present. I ask that this bill
be informally passed over until he comes in.
I presume he will have some motion to make
in regard to it.
