1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
amendment, to strike out the proviso and in-
?p>-' ihe following:
And -Mich payment shall only be made upon vouch-
ers approved by a board of three engineers of the
Army, detailed by the chief of engineers.
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes 52, noes 81.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Heck, of Kentucky.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I will divide my
amendment so as to move first to strike
out. in lines forty-three and forty-four,
" S1.241.920 02," and to insert in lieu thereof
"S745.152 50."
The question was put on the amendment;
and on a division there were—ayes 63, noes 77.
Mr AMBLER asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered : and Mr. Beck, of
Kentucky, and Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I now offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the paragraph:
.1 nd provided, That two thirds of the money
hereby appropriated shall be used by the Secretary
of the Interior for the purpose of purchasing, at the
market value thereof, bonds of the District of Co-
lumbia issued under the provision of the act of the
Legislative Assembly of July 16,1871, being four mil-
lion loan authorised for improvements of streets, &c.
The question was put on agreeing to the
amendment; and there were—ayes seventeen,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STORM. I offer the following amend
ment:
Strike out the proviso to the pending paragraph,
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
And provided further, That no part of the money
hereby appropriated shall be paid by the Secretary
of the Interior except for improvements actually
made around Government reservations, to be meas-
ured and computed by three engineers from the
Army, to be detailed by the chief of engineers for that
purpose iu the same manner as provided in the act
making an appropriation for paving Pennsylvania
* avenue opposite Government property, and that all
' bills, accounts, and vouchers shall be accompanied
by a certificate from the chairmen of the Committees
of the Senate and House of Representatives on
Public Buildings and Grounds, certifying to the
correctness of the prices charged and the quality of
the improvements made.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. That amend-
ment has been substantially voted on.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
committee do now rise to receive a message
from the Senate, announcing the death of the
late Senator Davis, of Kentucky.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow us to dispose of this bill. I
suppose that there are no other amendments
to be offered.
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir, I have an amend-
ment to offer.
The question was put on Mr. Beck's motion;
and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
3131) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker singed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of
Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenu, Overal &
Clark, and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louis-
iana, Missouri; i
An act (H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction
of officers and expenses of the internal reve
nue ;
An act (H. R. No. 2997) for the relief of
James C. Cooke;
An act (H. R. No. 3122) to authorize the
employment of keepers and crews of surfmen
for the life saving stations on the coasts of
Cape Cod and Block Island, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No, 3124) to provide for the
removal of the sunken wreck which now
obstructs the chanuel-way off Sandy Hook ;
and
An act (H. R. No. 3133) to enable Joseph
Fox to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of letters-patent
for machine for making crackers.
death op hon. gakbett davis.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its chief clerk, announced that he
was directed by the Senate to inform the House
of Representatives of the death of Hon. Gar-
rett Davis, late a Senator of the United
States from the State of Kentucky, and to
communicate to the House of Representatives
the proceedings of the Senate thereon.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Hon. Garrett
Davis, Senator from Kentucky, whose death
has been officially announced to the House,
died at his home in Paris, Bourbon county,
Kentucky, on the 22d day of September, 1872,
full of years and of honors. He was born on the
10th day of September, 1801, in .Montgomery
county, Kentucky. His term of life exceeded
the threescore years and teu which ordinarily
limit human existence. He had filled or been
tendered by the people of Kentucky all the
high positions and offices they had to bestow.
The people of Bourbon elected him for three
consecutive terms as their representative iu the
State Legislature in the years 1833, 1834, and
1835, and the people of the Ashland district
Bent him to Congress for four conseeutive
terms, beginning with the Twenty-Sixth and
ending with the Twenty-Ninth Congress.
Before the expiration of his last term he
determined to retire to private life, and in
view of this resolution, informed a friend of
the late Governor C. S. Morehead that he
would not be a candidate for reelection. After
he had made this communication, he met Mr.
Clay, who inquired of him if he intended to
be a candidate, and on being answered in the
negative, Mr. Clay bore testimony to his high
character by saying : ' You have an extensive
acquaintance with members of Congress and
with men who visit Washington city. The
national convention to nominate a candidate
for the Presidency will be held next summer;
I have confidence iu. your fidelity, and would
like you to be in Washington city and a roem-
| ber of Congress to look after my interests."
Mr Davis excused himself to his illustrious
friend by telling him of his pledge to Gov-
ernor Morehead.
Mr. Davis was a member of the constitu-
tional convention of Kentucky in 1849, and
continued in that body until it agreed on and
signed the present constitution of the .State ;
but Lis objection to its principle of a judiciary
elected by the popular vote was so decided
that he voted against it, and refused to sign
it. He was tendered the nomination of the
Whig party for Lieutenant Governor by t!ie
convention which nominated Mr. Crittenden
for Governor, and was informally tendered
the nomination for Governor, which Hon.
Charles S. Morehead afterward accepted, but
he declined both, though his election was sure
if he had made the race for either, as subse-
quent events proved. ]
Mr. Davis was first elected to the Senate
in 1861, to fill the unexpired term of General .
Breckenridge, and was reelected in 1807 for
the terra which expires March 4, 1873. j
The simple recital of these facts demon- I
strates more conclusively than the most elo-
quent words the confidence his people had in
him. He lived and achieved success in an
age and at a time when Kentucky had among
her sons many distinguished men—to say
nothing of those who yet live—Clay, Crit-
tenden, Marshall. The Wickliffes, Morehead,
Powell, and a host of others, now no more,
were his compeers; and while it is true that
Kentucky has had more persuasive orators,
more distinguished jurists, and statesmen of
more extended reputation, it is safe to say
that he combined in a very high degree all
the elements necessary to attain eminence in
every position he was called to fill.
The traits of character which specially en-
deared Mr. Davis to the people of Kentucky,
and made him the recipient of the highest
honors they could bestow, were his honesty, his
truthfulness, and his courage. They felt that
no stain of corruption would ever be placed on
the escutcheon of the Commonwealth while
he could keep it pure and undetiled. They
knew that while he was impetuous and liable
to commit errors, he would honestly confess
his wrongs and correct his mistakes when
he saw them, and they were assured beyond
all peradventure that he would resent, if need
be. at the sacrifice of life and fortune, any and
all insults and indignities to his State or peo-
ple, no matter where, when, or by whom ihey
were offered. In short, they knew that "all
the ends he aimed at were his country's, his
God's, and truth's," and being so assured they
never faltered in their confidence in or devo-
tion to him. ■
His faults, follies, or vices, call them what
you will, were but virtues exaggerated. With a
quick temper, a strong will, and a clear percep-
tion of the right as he saw and understood it,
he was impatient of contradiction and some-
times failed to make allowances for the opin-
ions and conduct of those who differed with
him, which a man of more equable temper or
less profound convictions would have done.
The country will not soon forget the zeal
with which in 1862 he prosecuied his resolu-
tions for the expulsion of his colleague, Hon-
Lazarus W. Powell, from the Senate of the
United States, and his manly apology on the
floor of the Senate when he became satisfied
that he had done him injustice. Nor will his
equally bold defense of himself in 1864, when
a distinguished Senator sought to have him ex-
pelled for resolutions he had offered against
the then Administration, soon be forgotten,
while all who knew him will agree that he was
equally sincere, equally true to his own con-
victions of duty through all the seeming con-
tradiction of his positions.
The Legislature of Kentucky paid the high-
eat possible tribute to him by returning him to
the Senate of the United States in 1867, though
a majority of the members had been his polit-
ical opponents. Their act was the tribute of
brave men to honesty, fidelity, and courage.
He was a different man in the eyes of the peo-
ple of Kentucky and of those who were drawn
closely to him, from what he' appeared to
strangers.
To us he stood on the foreground of the pic-
ture, by-others he was seen only in the dim
distance. Conduct which from their stand-
point appeared unaccoUtit ible, atid doubtless
sometimes wrong, we kne.v was prompted by
the highest convictions of duty and the keen-
est sense of honor. Knowing that, the people
of Kentucky never refused him any position
he desired.
That Mr. Davis was a lawyer of distin-
guished ability, as well as a statesman pro-
foundly versed in his country's history, all who
ever heard him speak or read his speeches
know. Few men analyzed intricate questions
more clearly or presented them more forcibly.
1 in common with all who practiced at the
bar with him will never forget the indefati-
gable industry, zeal, and research which char-
