1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
their character have dishonored my tongue ;
no epithets or invective have fallen from my
lips.
But theclockadmonishes me that tlie Forty-
Second Congress has already passed with his-
tory ; and wishing you, Senators, useful lives
for your country and happy lives for your-
selves, and thanking you for the resolution
spread on your Journal, and invoking the favor
of Him who holds the destinies of nations and
of men in the hollow of His hand, 1 am ready
to administer the oath of office to the Vice
President-elect, whom I now introduce to you.
address op the vice president-elect.
The VICE PKESIDENT-elect, (Mr. Wil-
son.) Senators, in assuming the position as-
signed me by the voice of the nation, I am not,
I trust, unmindful of the obligations it imposes.
A service here somewhat prolonged, covering
a period crowded with great events, and an
association here with nearly two hundred and
thirty Senators, many of them statesmen of
large and varied experience, have impressed
upon me exalted ideas of the responsibilities
resting upon the occupant of this chair under
the rules of the Senate, parliamentary law,
and the Constitution. In passing, then, from
the seat I have held for more than eighteen
years to this chair, I trust I comprehend some-
thing of its just requirements; something too,
of the tone and temper of the Senate. In
presiding over your deliberations I shall ever
strive to be free from personal prejudice and
partisan bias. A sense of public duty and
the obligations of personal friendship alike
require that I shall be as considerate, as
just, and as impartial as the lot of human-
ity permits. To the justice, generosity, and
friendly regard of Senators, I trustfully ap-
peal for that counsel and encouragement,
that forbearance and indulgence, which I am
sure I shall often require as your Presiding
Officer.
The oath of office was then administered to
the Vice President-elect by the retiring Vice
1^1*6 S1 cl 6 H tt 
The VICE PRESIDENT, (Mr. Colfax.)
The time for the expiration of the Forty-Second
Congress having arrived, I declare the Senate
of the United States adjourned sine die.
