1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
result of the war were very disagreeable to
him, and he opposed them bravely and earn-
estly, and, as 1 believe, conscientiously, though
sustained only by a hopeless minority. Aud
so in all public duties (so far as I had any
means of observation) that he was called
upon to perform, he was as firm and true to
his convictions of doty, according to his idea
And the light that was in him, as any man
i have ever known.
For purity of purpose, for patriotic devotion
to his country, for following bravely what he
believed to be the right, he has set an example
that all of us who survive him may well follow.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, it is not my pur-
pose to attempt a eulogy upon the life or char-
acter of Mr. Davis. His name and his fame
are forever secure not only in the hearts of
the people of his own State, where he was so
well known and so universally beloved, but
also in the public estimation of the whole
country, in whose councils he served so long
and in which he acted so conspicuous a part.
And even if such were not the case, his pri
vate life and public career have already been
referred to in fitting terms by others who have
preceded me and who knew him longer and
better than myself. But, sir, I will be par-
doned for desiring upon this melancholy
occasion to pay a last tribute of respect to the
memory of one for whom I entertained the
profoundest respect, for whom I cherished the
warmest attachment.
I had from early boyhood heard much of
the public life and eminent services of Mr.
Davis, but it was not my good fortune to know
him personally until the summer of 1867,
when, upon my first entrance into this Hall, I
met him here in this city in his official capacity
as a Senator from the State of Kentucky.
From that time forward I became intimately
acquainted with Mr. Davis, and had evidences
of his friendship of which I was glad to be
assured while he lived and which it is a pleas-
ure to recall now that he is gone.
The lineaments of Mr. Davis's character
were well marked and clearly defined. En-
dowed by nature with unusual intellect, pos-
sessed of indomitable courage and an inflex-
ible and unyielding will, he was a man of
intense individuality and wonderful self-reli-
ance. When his opinions were once formed
no opposition could deter, no inducement
coold swerve him from the path of his duty.
Upon all public questions he was decided and
emphatic in his convictions. He knew no
middle ground; he occupied no equivocal
position. In the earnestness with which he
advocated what he believed to be right, and the
severity with which he denounced what he
deemed to be wrong, he never stopped to
inquire where his bolts would fall or whom
his arrows would pierce. The artifice of the
mere politician and the duplicity of the dem-
agogue he utterly and thoroughly despised;
but he was never unmindful of the courtesy
due to those with whom he differed, and what-
ever of zeal or vehemence he manifested in
debate arose entirely from a thorough convic-
tion of the truth and justness of his cause.
In private life Mr. Davis was a kind, gentle,
and genial companion, a true and steadfast
friend, an honest and upright man. He had his
faults, but they were of the nobler not the baser
kind. There was much in his character to ad-
mire, and very little really to condemn. The
prominent characteristic of his life, however,
which distinguished him above all others, and
which was one of the secrets of his great suc-
cess, was his lofty sense of public virtue, his
spotless and irreproachable integrity. Against
him even the tongue of calumny never dared'
to whisper a breath of suspicion. Through all
hia private life and public services there shines
the luster of a noble and gifted manhood, a
fervent and undying patriotism, a pnre and
unsullied name. I
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 19.
But, Mr. Speaker, he is gone, and in his
death his State has lost one of its most illus-
trious sons, his country one of its purest and
ablest statesmen. Such was the man whose
virtues we commemorate and whose loss we
are called upon to mourn.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the ancient
Commonwealth of Kentucky has an interest-
ing and memorable record. In the cluster of
States which form the Union it constitutes the
connecting link between the republics of the
constitutional period and those of our own
day that enrich the valleys of the Ohio, Mis-
sissippi, and Missouri, and occupy the western
slopes of the Pacific ooast. Kentucky was the
first State carved out of the territory of the
great West; and if we except the patriotic and
prosperous Green Mountain State, which was
formed by the division of territory in part
occupied or claimed by New York, hers was
the first star added to the galaxy that blazed
on the banner of the Revolution. She was
certainly the eldest daughter of the Mother of
States, the predecessor of that grand array of
local governments of the interior and the Occi-
dent which hereafter may perhaps constitute
the strength, wealth, integrity, and virtue of
the American Republic. In my own imme-
diate neighborhood her traditions are familiar
to the common people, from the fact that a
party of pioneers and hunters who bivouacked
a few miles from her frontier settlements, where
I they received the news of the first fight of the
| colonists against the army of Great Britain,
the 19th of April, 1776, at Lexington, in Mas-
sachusetts, gave that name to the spot where
their camp was planted, now the sight of the
prosperous and patriotic city of Lexington,
the oldest if not the most populous and pros-
perous city of the State. The constant repe-
tition of this incident gave them their ideas of
the character of its founders, and accustomed
them to associate the State and its hardy pio-
neers with the scenes and the men of the
Revolution. In the war of 1812 Kentucky,
flanked on the north and south by Ohio and
Tennessee, assumed the position which the
Atlantic colonies maintained during the war
of independence. Their traditions constitute
the romance of early American history, and
will live in song and story as long as the virtues
of the founders and defenders of the country
shall be imitated or respected. We should not
forget her place in the official history of this
House. Her Representatives have been chosen
for the distinguished chair you now occupy
more frequently than those of any other State.
And it is not and ought not to be forgotten
that in our most recent and greatest trial she
was the most decided of the border States of
the South that were relied upon to complete
the dissolution of the Union in rejecting the
heresies of secessionists and secession. It
oould scarcely be expected that a State cradled
amid the contests of the Revolution, that cher-
ished the memories of such men as Boone,
and Clay, and Crittenden, could voluntarily ex-
change the imperishable glories of the Union
for the evanescent, provincial and vulgar
triumphs of isolation and annihilation.
The most interesting features in the career
of the distinguished Senator of Kentucky
whose death is announced by the message
from the Senate is, that while the State he so
long and honorably represented in the national
councils is a connecting link between the
earlier and most recent development of
American civilfeation, he himself, in his varied
and long career, presents to our minds a
similar connection of the founders of his State
and the fathers of the Republic with the men
of oar own time, who are at this moment
charged with the grave responsibilities of local
and general administrations of government.
With one exception he was the eldest Sen-
ator of his time, having been born in the first
year of the present century. In the period of
life when character commences its formation
he might have known the earlier Presidents,
Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and
Jackson, and other distinguished leaders of
that period. It is not improbable that in per-
sonal intercourse, or by that oral communica-
tion in regard to public men which makes tra-
dition of so long life, he may have imbibed
much of the spirit of the age, and attuned his
aspirations and convictions in harmony with
those of the generation that preceded him.
Entering Congress in the exciting and
stormy period that immediately preceded the
presidential canvass of 1840, h« was the asso-
ciate and compeer of John Quincy Adams,
Joshua R. Giddings, Silas Wright, Fillmore,
Caleb Cushing, Judge Clifford, President Bu-
chanan, Benton, Calhoun, Clay, and Web-
ster. "There were giants in those days."
At a still later period he entered the Senate as
an opponent of secession and the successor of
Breckinridge, where he continued his labors
with unfaltering fidelity and marvelous indus-
try until the close of the last session of the
present Congress. *
It was not my fortune to have formed with
him an intimate personal acquaintance, though
I often exchanged with him the courtesies of
the day; and the very brief period that has
elapsed since I was invited by the leader of the
delegation in this House that especially mourns
his loss to take a part in the ceremonies of
this occasion has not afforded me opportunity
amid the pressing current business of the ses-
sion to present such an estimate as I could
desire if the opportunity offered, of his in-
fluence upon the legislation of the country.
Bat I venture to mention several qualities of
mind and character which, in my judgment,
distinguished in no ordinary degree his official
life, and justify the confidence and friendship
shown to him by the gallant people he repre-
sented. Patriotism, fidelity, integrity, indus-
try, and courtesy were the virtues that espe-
cially marked his career. I do not permit
myself to question for a moment my right to
assign to him, as one of the sterling qualities
of his character, the virtue of patriotism. By
this I mean love of country—the whole coun-
try ; not servility or fidelity merely to dogmas,
platforms, or parties. The disciple of Clay
and the compatriot of Crittenden, he could not
have been otherwise than the unfaltering
opponent of secession.
The counterpart of secession was union.
He was for the Union, fearless, constant, and
invincible in its defense. Of this sentiment
he was the chosen and honored representative
of his State. It was devotion to this single
sentiment at the opening of his senatorial
career in the beginning of the war that con-
stituted true patriotism. It is the custom of
our day to regard all those who halt in support
of theories and measures of administrations
and of parties that break upon us from day to
day, and hour to hour, as deficient in loyalty and
patriotism. Fidelity to the Government and
to republican principles is held to depend upon
an unreserved and blind adherence to the
shifting necessities of the times, and upon
devotion to the preservation of the Union or
the defense of liberty. The maxim of other
days, and wiser men, points to a broader and
nobler philosophy: "In essentials, unity; in
non-essentials, liberty ; in all things, charity.",
In his time hostility to secession and the sup-
port of the Union was the essential duty of
patriots. In this he gave us unity. In non-
essentials we should concede him liberty;
and, standing now near his grave, we ought
in ail things to accord him charity.
But it will be as the friend of Henry Clay
that the deceased Senator will be universally
remembered. In this character his fidelity
has conspicuity and imperishable beauty.
Men of the world, or especially those con-
nected with public life, come naturally to dis-
trust the sincerity of men and to doubt the
