1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125S
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. But the
amendment strikes out that provision.
Mr. HOWE. Now, let me suggest to the
Senator and the Senate that if' this bill is
proper, if it is proper to refer to the account-
ing officers the question whether the money
was kept by a particular individual with due
diligence and whether it was stolen, then it
is proper to refer all such cases, and instead
of having a special law for the relief of this
individual, you should have a general law au-
thorizing the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to take jurisdiction whenever any disburs-
ing officer shall say that he has lost money
without his fault, and authorizing those -ac
counting officers to try those questions, and if
they find it so, then remit the money ; but the
Committee on Claims has thought that would
be very unsafe. My belief is that it would be
very unsafe in any case to send such questions
to be tried by a clerk in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not notice the reading
of the amendment, but I am told that it modi-
fies the proof required. If that is the case, of
course I would not want the bill passed with-
out requiring the officers to ascertain the facts
before they should pay the money. There are
a few cases of this character that arise occa-
sionally. I think where the property has been
lost without any carelessness or neglect on the
part of the officer, he ought to be reimbursed.
But I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to one fact. I do not
remember when it was, bat not further back
than three years ago, we passed a general law
applicable to officers of the Army of a certain
rank, and providing that m case of a failure to
settle their accounts by reason of technicalities
on their affidavits and statements before the
accounting officers, where there was no charge
of neglect or fraud, or anything of that kind,
their accounts should be settled. That law
embodied the very principle that we find em-
bodied in this bill. That applied to quartermas-
ters and different officers of certain rank where
they were unable on account of the campaigns
during the war to make settlements. I could
give an illustration. I knew a quartermaster
whose accounts were not settled, and had not
been for several years, and the difficulty was
tuis: he had failed to account for two sets of
rent-poles and for two balls of candlewick.
Probably the whole thing did not amount to
two dollars and a half; and yet his accounts
were suspended for five years, and although
the Government owed him $900 he could not
gi-t a settlement. The law to which I refer was
passed to cover cases of that sort, and other
cases where men could not make settlements,
and under that law settlements have been
going on ever since in reference to these offi-
cers. Hence I say the principle embodied in
this bill is about the same as the principle of
that law, except that it applies to a single
individual.
I know nothing about the facts of the case
except as they are stated in the bill; but the
accounting officer must have certain testimony
before this allowance is to be made, and on
representations made to me the case that had
been carefully examined in the House and the
bill was proper, the committee reported it.
Mr. COLE. Prom the statement made by
the Senator from Illinois about this case, with
his consent I will move that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims, in order that there
may be a uniformity in the allowance of these
claims. I have one before me of a |iu"'ar
nature reported by that committee, and I think
probably it ought to go to the Committee on
Claims, in order that there may be a uniform
rule in allowing them. If the Senator does
not object, I will move the reference of this
case to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senator to with-
hold his motion for the present.
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I will see if I cannot get the
papers upon which the committee acted in the
House, and then if there is any objection to
the bill I will let it go over. I will inquire if
the papers are not with the bill at the desk.
If they are, T ask that they be read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You simply
want the report read.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. It will take
all day to read the papers.
Mr. LOGAN. It is very important to this
poor woman, if it is an honest claim, that it
should be paid ; and suppose it does take all
day, it is nothing but just that she should be
treated as fairly as other people.
Mr. SCOTT. The motion of the Senator
from California suggests to me that the Com-
mittee on Claims have adopted a rule with
reference to these cases in consequence of the
act of May 9, I860, which authorized the Court
of Claims to take cognizance and settle all
such cases as this. It reads':
" The Court of Claims shall have jurisdiction to
hear a,nd determine the claim of any paymaster,
Quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, or other
disbursing officer of the United States, or of his
administrators or executors, for relief from respons-
ibility on account of losses by capture or otherwise,
while in the line of his duty, of Government funds."
The Court of Claims has jurisdiction of this
Mr. SHERMAN. I think under the cir-
cumstances this bill had better go over.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will allow
me, there is a very short report with the pa-
pers in this case which I should like to have
read. I have been so much engage,d in attend-
ing to committee work that I have not been
able to keep the run of these matters. I ask
that the report made in the House of Repre-
sentatives be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted in the House of Representatives by
Mr. Coburn, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, on the 10th of January last:
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
retcrred House bill No. 1401, for the relief of W. F.
Gardner, respectfully report:
Tnat this is a bill i or the relief of EmmaE., widow
of Lieutenant W. F. Gardner, actios assistant quar-
termaster and commissary at Fort Bliss, Texas. It
appears that on the 19th day of March, 1870, he was
the post quartormasteratFortBliss.and hadebargo
of certain money of the United States, amounting
to ยง1.753 92, which was at that time stolen by some
person unknown from an iron safe provided by the
Government and kept in his possession. The money
was last seen on the 19th of the month, and on the
21st of the month the safe was opened and its ab-
sence discovered, The amount was supplied by the
lieutenant, and ho now asks that it be returned to
supply the loss, which he claims was without his
The matter was investigated by a board of survey
appointed for the purpose, who reported that proper
care was taken in the safekeeping ot the funds by
Lieutenant Gardner; that he replaced thelunds;
that he is entirely exonorated from any blamo or
suspicion of blame in the matter; that they are uii-
able to fix the responsibility of the loss on any per-
son ; and that Lieutenant Gardner should be reim-
bursed by the United States.^ #
The testimony in the case is laid before the com-
mittee, and consists of the statements of the othoers
on duty at Fort Bliss, and is to the effect, without
contradiction, that the money was stolen, by some
person unknown, from a Government safe, which was
locked by Lieutenant Gardner, and opened by a talso
key and that he was not to blame for carelessness
or dishonesty in the matter. Major Merriam, in
command of the post. Captain C. Ji. Clarke, Captain
Crandal, Lieutenant Sweet, Surgeon Bowman, ott-
cers of the Army on duty at the post ; also V. it.
Diffendaffer, 1). C. Marsh, collector ot customs ot
El Paso, J. Nemey, first lieutenant United btates
Army, John Woods, deputy sheriff, and Henry
Woods, of El Paso, testify to the foregoing facts.
Lieutenant Gardner has. the united testimony of
thoso who knew him of hia honesty and integrity ot
Under the circumstances there seems to be no
question as to complete exculpation from blame as
the custodian of the public funds.
It having been the practice ol the Government to
grant relief in such eases, your committee recom-
mend the passage of a bill authorising the Secretary
of the Treasury to refund the amount paid t>y nim
to make up the amount stolen.
Mr. HOWE. That seems to make out a
case of due diligence and a case of loss, and I
do not see the necessity of that last clause,
referring these very questions to be tried over
again by the Treasury Department. That
does not hurt any ; but as the report answers
the very questions I raised, I have no further
objection.
Mr. LOGAN. The papers show the facts;
I had^forgotten about them. The amendment
that is proposed I am willing should be dis-
agreed to, and the bill passed as it came from
the House. I ask that that be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendmeut.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
KOBKKT K. KNBODY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2979) for the relief of Robert K.
Enbody; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It is a direction to the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to Robert
K. Enbody, late a private in company I one
hundred and eighteenth regiment Pennsylva-
nia volunteers, the full pay, allowances, and
bounty of a private soldier from the 17th of
November, 1863, to the 1st of May, 1865, with
commutation of rations while a prisoner of
war, deducting therefrom all payments made
to him as a soldier on account of the service
named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHARLES TRICHLBK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(Et. R. No. 693) for the relief of Charles
Trichler, of the county of Adams, Ohio; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for refunding to Charles Trichler,
of the county of Adams, Ohio, the sum of
$300, improperly paid to the United States by
him as commutation money on the 17th day
of June, 1804.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN MISSOURI.
The next bill on the Calendar was tbe bill
(H. R. No. S021) to amend an act entitled,
"An act lo provide for holding a circuit court
of the United States in the western district of
Missouri," approved June 8, 1872 ; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, with amendments.
The first amendment was in section three,
line four, after the word " therein" to insert
" and commenced prior to the creation of said
new courtso as to read:
That either of said United States circuit courts, in
and for the eastern and in and for tho western dis-
tricts of Missouri, may order any suit, cause, or other
matter pending therein, and commenced prior to the
creation of said new court, to be transferred for trial
or determination to the other of said circuit courts
when, in the opinion of the court, said transfer
ought to be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of sec-
tion four, to insert the words "except as herein-
before provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, after
the word " November," to insert " m lieu of
those now fixed by law;" so as to read:
That hereafter there shall be two regular stated
terms each year of the district court of the United
States in and for the eastern district of Missouri,
commencing on tho first Mondays, respectively, ot
May and November, in lieu of those now fixed by
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
last sentence in section five, as follows:
Andthe salary of the judge of said district court
shall bo the same as is now by law fixed for the
district judge of the northern district of Illinois.
Mr. SCHURZ. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. The salary of the dis-
