1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
of this magnitude, open to objection at any
moment, cannot be acted on to-day.
Mr. LOGAN. If gentlemen will listen to
the reading of the bill they will find it does
not establish an arsenal, but provides for a
board to make a report to th-e next Congress.
Mr. THURMAN. I think the bill had
better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
john w. todd.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1709) for the relief of Major John
W.Todd ; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department are directed
by the bill, in the settlement of the accounts
of Major John W. Todd, of the ordnance de-
partment of the Army, to credit him with the
sum of $3,000, upon production by him of sat-
isfactory proof that that amount was stolen
from him by a clerk assigned to duty under
him by competent military authority, and that
such loss occurred through no fault or negli-
gence on his own part.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLE. If no Senator objects, I hold
in my hand a bill of the same nature as that,
which was passed over on the Calendar and I
think it ought to be disposed of. I do not
think anybody will object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take them in their turn.
Mr. COLE. It was just passed over on the
Calendar. Why make a discrimination ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to going back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent. The next bill will be
read.
mining resources.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1482) to amend an act entitled "An
act to promote the development of the mining
resources of the United States;" which was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
amend the fifth section of the act to promote
the development of the mining resources of
the United States, passed May 10, 1872,
which requires expenditures of labor and im-
provements on claims located prior to its pass-
age, so that the time for the first annual ex-
penditure on claims located prior to the passage
of the act shall be extended to the 1st day of
December, 1873.
Mr. STEWART. I move to amend the bill
so as to make it read, " shall be extended to
the 10th day of June, 1874."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
eliza j. fracker.
The next on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2508) granting a pension to Eliza
J. Fracker ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of
Eliza J. Fracker, who adopted James A.
Markland when he was sixteen months old
and who died of disease contracted in the ser-
vice as first lieutenant of company F second
regiment Ohio infantry volunteers, and to pay
her a pension at the rate of seventeen dollars
per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
margaret a. renshaw.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2420) granting a pension to Mar-
garet A. Renshaw; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides fpr
placing on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Margaret A. Renshaw, mother of
Alexander D. Renshaw, late assistant engineer
of the United States revenue steamer Wilder-
ness, at the rate of ten dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
robert h. brown.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2470) granting a pension to Robert
H. Brown, of Adair county, Missouri; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for placing on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Robert H.
Brown, late assistant surgeon of the twenty-
fifth regiment Illinois volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
jane and margaret thompson.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2556) granting a pension to Jane
Thompson and Margaret Thompson; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of Jane Thompson and Mar-
garet Thompson, only minor children of John
Thompson, late a private in company G forty-
fifth United States iufantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
naval appropriation bill.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(IT. R. No. 3351) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Read it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
The reading having continued for five minutes,
Mr. SPENCER. I think we had better
proceed with the Calendar. I think there was
a general understanding that this should be
private bill day.
Mr. COLE. The bill might as well be
16The PRESIDING ' OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Alabama object to the preseut consideration
of the bill ?
Mr. SPENCER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama objects, and the bill will be
passed over, and the next bill on the Calen-
dar will be read.
land district in arizona.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2689) creating an additional land
district in the Territory of Arizona; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that all that portion of the
Territory of Arizona embraced in the following
described limits, commencing at the eastern
boundary of the Territory, at the intersection
of the first standard line north ; running thence
west on that line to the western boundary of
the Territory ; thence south with that boundary
line to the southern boundary of the Territory ;
tlicnce east on that line to the eastern boundary
of the Territory ; and thence north on that
line to the place of beginning, shall constitute
a separate land district, to be called the Gila
land district, the office of which shall be located
at such place in the district as the President
of the United States may direct, which may be
changed from time to time as the public inter-
ests may require.
The bill was reported without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
thanks op congress.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 187) tendering
the thanks of Congress to Captain Graddell,
officers and crew of the steamship Atlantic,
of the White Star line, for saving the brigau-
tine Scotland in mid-ocean.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask
whether it has been usual to tender the thanks
of Congress to a private citizen for doing sim-
ply his duty? Perhaps the Chair can inform
me; bnt if not, I ask thf Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Corbett] whether it has been the
custom to pass an act of Congress to tender
thanks to a private citizen for saving persons
at sea ?
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Ohio
is better acquainted with such matters than I,
he having served longer. This is a House
bill, and the Committee on Commerce thought
it was a very proper thing to do. Whether
there is any precedent for it I do not know ;
but if there is not, I see no reason why we
should not now pass this bill to tender thanks
to these persons.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it go over, unless
there is some example of a similar case.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have it
considered and indefinitely postponed, unless
it would lead to' debate, because I think we
are cheapening the highest honor that an
American citizen can receive, the thanks of
Congress. To give that to a man who has
done a very worthy, very brave and gallant act
merely, not connected with the public service,
I think is a very unfortunate precedent. I
remember when the thanks of Congress were
passed to George Peabody for that great bene-
faction to the cause of education, we debated
the proposition a whole day.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it can be disposed of
without debate I have no objection to action
on the joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw his objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I fear it will lead to
debate, and I insist on the objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution goes over.
mary a. shoemaker.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2409) granting a pension to Mary
A. Shoemaker, which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Mary A. Shoemaker, widow of Horace Shoe-
maker, late a captain in the Missouri State
milita, in lieu of the pension now held by her.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
railroads in tub territories.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 10(57) to provide for the creation and
regulation of railroad companies in the Ter-
ritories of the United States.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that that bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
suits in court ok claims.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1448) to extend the time for the insti-
tution of suits in the Court of Claims, and
for other purposes ; which had been reported
adversely trom the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. THURMAN. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
norton's patents.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1077) referring to the Court of Claims
for adjudication and determination the claim
