1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
such manner as the by-laws of said corporation
shall provide. The persons (or their assigns) here-
inbefore named, or a majority thereof, shall con-
stitute a quorum for th« transaction of business.
The first meeting of said incorporators shall be held
within three months from the passage of this act at
Cheyenne, Wyoming Territory, and a notice of said
ineeting, to be signed by seven of the incorporators
named herein, shall be published for not less tha<n
three weeks in a newspaper at Cheyenne, Wyoming
Territory, and for not less than three weeks in a
newspaper at Helena, Montana Territory, and in
such other newspapers as said incorporators may de-
termine, and no other notice of said meeting shall be
requisite. At the first meeting of said incorporators
they shall select nine of their number as a board of
commissioners of the said railroad company. Said
board of commissioners, as soon as practicable after
being selected, shall organize by the choice from its
members of a president, vice president, secretary,
and treasurer. The board of commissioners shall
require from said treasurer such bonds as may be
deemed proper, and may from time to time increase
the amount thereof. The president and the secre-
tary of said board shall call such other meetings,
naming the time and place thereof, as may be
ordered by the said board. It shall be the duty
of said board of commissioners to open, or cause
to be opened, books, at such time, at Cheyenne,
"Wyoming Territory, and at such other places in
the United States as they, or a majority of them,
may determine, within six months after the pass-
age of this act, to receive subscriptions to the
capital stock of said corporation, of which opening
of books the same notice shall be given as is required
by this scction for the meeting of the incorporators
of the company; and a cash payment of ten per cent,
of all subscriptions shall be made at the time of sub-
scribing. and be receipted for by the treasurer of
said board of commissioners. As soon as five thou-
sand shares shall in good faith be subscribed for,
and ten dollars a share actually paid into the treas-
ury of the company, the said board of commission-
ers shall appoint a time and place for the first meet-
ing of the subscribers to the stock of said company,
and shall give notice thereof, in at least one news-
paper, to be selected by them, and at least thirty
days previous to the day of meeting, at each of
the following places, namely, Oheyenne, Wyoming
Territory, and Helena, Montana Territory; and
such subscribers as shall attend the meeting so
called, either in person or by lawful proxy, then
and there shall elect by ballot thirteen directors
for said corporation, and on such election each
share of said capital stock shall entitle the owner
thereof to one vote. The president and the secre-
tary of the board of commissioners, and, in case of
their absence or inability, any two of the officers of
lid board, shall act as inspectors of said election,
andshall certily under their hands the names of the
directors elected at said meeting; and the said com-
missioners, treasurer, and secretary shall then de-
liver over to said directors all the properties, sub-
sei iption-books, and other books in their possession,
and thereupon thcdutics of said commissionerssball
cease; and thereafter the stockholders shall consti-
tute said body politic and corporate. Ihe domicile
of the company is hereby fixed at Cheyenne, Wyom-
ing Territory. Meetings of the stockholders of said
c rporation for the choice of officers (when they are
to be chosen) and for the transaction of business shall
be hoiden at such time and upon suoli notice as rnpy
be prescribed by the by-laws. The domicile of the
company may be changed by a vote of a majority ot
the stock at any regular meeting of the stocls-
. That each and every grant, right, and
privilege herein aie so made, and given to, and
accepted by, the said railroad company upon and
subject to the following conditions, namely, that
said company shall commence the work upon said
road within one ycai after the passage ot this act,
and shall complete not less than twenty-live miles
of the line ot said road in the second year, and at
icast fifty miles of said road in each year thereafter,
in good running order, and shall complete the whole
hnu of road within twelve years after the passage
of this act.
Sec.—. That the said railroad shaL be a post
route and a military road, subject to the use of the
United States lor postal military, and all other
Government service, at fair and reasonable rates ot
compensation, not to exceed the amounts paid by
private parties for tbo same kind ot service for the
ji*e of said railroad or telegraph : and said company
{shall at all times transmit dispatches over said tele-
graph line, and transport mails, troops, munitions
5f war. supplies, and public stores upon .said rail-
road for the Government whenever required to do
by any Department thereof, and at such rates or
compensation as the head of the proper Deportment
shall determine; and the Government. shall at all
times have the preference in the use of the same loi
all the purposes aforesaid at rale* before raentioncd.
Sec. —. That the acceptance of the terms and con-
ditions of this act by the said railroad company\shall
be signified in writing, under the corporate jseal of
said company, duly executed, pursuant to^tbe direc
won of its board of directors; which acceptaneeshall
be made within one year from the Pasfape 0\ \h
act, and not aftei w.u d, and shall be delu eied to
the President of the United fetates and deposited
the Department of the Interior. #
Sec. —. That the directors of said company shall
make an animal report of their proceeding?, re-
ceipts, and expenditures on or bet ore the 1st ot J uiy,
verified by the affidavits of the picsident and at
least five of Iho directors, and deposit the same m
the Department of the Interior; and they snail, from
time to time, fix, determine, and regulate the fares,
tolls, and charges to be received and paid for trans-
portation of persons and property on said road, or
any part thereof: Provided, That such rates shall
not discriminate against any locality or any other
railroad now built connecting therewith : And pro-
vided further, That Congress may at any time regu-
late. fix, anddeterminesuchfares, tolls,and charges:
And provided further, That said report shall set
forth, first, the names of the stockholders, and their
places of residence, so far ^s the same can be ascer-
tained; secondly, the names and residences of the
directors, and all other officers of the company;
thirdly, the amount of stock subscribed, and the
amount thereof actually paid in; fourthly, adescrip-
tion of the lines of road surveyed, of the lines there-
of fixed upon for the construction of the road, and
the cost of such surveys; fifthly, the amount re-
ceived from passengers on the road; sixthly, the
amount received from freight thereon, and from the
United States for the transportation of troops, mails,
and forotherservicefor theUnitedStates; seventhly,
a statement of expenses of said road and its fixtures;
eighthiv, a statement of the indebtedness of said
company, setting forth tho various kinds thereof,
which report shall be sworn to by the president of
said company, and shall be presented to tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury on or before the 1st day of
July in each year.
Sec. —. That the directors chosen m pursuance of
the second section of this act, so soon as may be after
their election, shall elect from their own number a
president and a vice president; and said board of
directors shall from time to time, and as soon as may
be after their election, choose a treasurer and a sec-
retary, who shall hold their office at the will and
pleasure of the board of directors. The treasurer
and the secretary shall give such bonds with such
security as said board may, from time to time, re-
quire. The secretary and the treasurer shall, be-
fore entering upon their duties, be sworn to the
faithful discharge thereof, and said oaths shall be
made a matter of record upon the books of said cor-
poration. ., . ., , ,
Sec. —. That the president, vice president, and
directors shall hold their office for the period indi-
cated in the by-laws of said company, not exceeding
three years, respectively, and until others arechosen
in their place and qualified. In case it shall so
happen that an election of directors shall not be
made on any day appointed by the by-laws of said
company, the corporation shall not for that causo
be deemed to be dissolved, but such election may be
holden on any day which shall be appointed by the
directors. The directors, of whom seven shall be a
quorum for the transaction of business, shall have
lull power to make and prescribe such by-laws,
rules, and regulations as they shall deem needful
and proper, touching the disposition and man-
agement of the stock, property, and estate, and
effects of the company, the transfer of shares, the
duties and conduct of their officers and servants,
the election and meeting of the board oi duectois,
and all matters whatsoever which may app- rt.iui to
the concerns of said company; and th« said board
of directors shall have full power to fill any vacancy
or vacancies that may occur from any cause or
causes, from time to time, in their said board; and
the said board of directors shall have power to ap-
point such engineers, agents, and subordinates as
may from time to time be necessary to carry into
effect the objects of the company, and do all acts
and things touching the location and construction
°fSE0?—it fhall be the duty of the directors
of said company to require payment of the sum of ten
per cent, in cash, as an assessment upon all sub-
scriptions when made,and the balance thereof, as
also tho balance of stock previously subscribed, at
such times and in such proportions and on suchcon-
i ditions as they shall deem to be necessary to com-
! plete the said railroad and telegraph line within the
time in this act prescribed, Sixty days' previous
notice shall be given of the payments required and
of the time and place of payment, by publishing a
notice, once a week, in a newspaper m such of tho
principal cities as the board of directors may determ-
ine: and in case any stockholder shall neglect or
refuse to pay in pursuance of such notice, the stock
held by such person may be forfeited absolutely to
the use of the company, and also any payment or
payments that shall have been made on account
thereof, subject to the condition that the board ot
directors may allow the redemption on such terms
as they may prescribe, or such subscriptions may be
enforced by suit in any court of competent j urisdic-
^Sbc. —The dividend of so much of the profits of
such company as shall appear advisable to the
directors shall be declared m the months of July
and January in each and every year and paid to the
stockholders or their legal representatives, on ap-
plication at the office of such company at any time
after the expiration of ten days from the time ot
declaring the same; but the said dividends shall in
no case exceed the amountof the net profits actually
acquired by the company, so that the capital stock
shall never be impaired thereby; and if t|je sa d
directors shall make any dividends which snau
impair the capital stock of the company, tho direct-
ors consenting thereto shall he liable in their ^di-
vidual capacities to such company for the amount
of the capital stock so divided, recoverable by action
of debt as in other cases; and each director present
when such dividend shall be declared shall be con-
sidered as consenting thereto, unless be forthwith
enter his protest on the minutes of the board, nhd
give public notice to the stockholders °*
in g of such dividend; and no portion of the capital
stock of said railroad company shall at any time be
distributed or issued to the stockholders as divi-
dend.
Sec.—. That this act of incorporation shall be
subject to amendment and modification, so far as
relates to the corporate franchises hereby granted,
by the Legislature of any State hereafter to be
organized through which the said railroad may be
constructed, and the said company siiall be subject
to the provisions of the general railroad laws of
such State or of the United States.
Mr. WILLA.RD. I move the following as
a substitute for the last section read by the
Clerk;
That this act shall be subject to be altered,
amended, or repealed by Congress in its discretion
while and so far as any portion of said railroad
shall be and remain within the limits of any Terri-
tory of the United States; and whenever any portion
of said railroad shall be within the limits of any
State admitted into the Union, the powers, fran-
chises, privileges, and obligations of said corpora-
tion so far as they are exercised, or such road is
operated within such State, shall be subject to any
general law of such State respecting railroad or
similar corporations; and shall be also subject to
the legislative action and control of such State as
fully as though the powers, privileges, and fran-
chises of said corporation used or enjoyed in such
State had been granted- by the Legislature thereof;
and the right given to such corporation by this act
to sue and be sued in thecourts of the United States
shall not extend to any case whore one of tho par-
ties to such suit is a resident of any State; but the
jurisdiction of such cause shall be determined irre-
spective of the jurisdiction given in the first section
of this act.
Mr. PACKER. I have no objection to that
amendment. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Willard was agreed
to ; and the amendment as amended was also
agreed to.
The bill" as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PACKER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISIANA AND NEW MEXICO RAILROAD.
Mr. LAMISON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals to report back
a bill (H. R. No. 2607) to incorporate the
Louisiana, Arkansas, and New Mexico Rail-
road Company.
ORDKIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Speaker, has not the
Committee on Railways and Canals already
occupied two morning hours ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals has had its two days. The
next committee on call is the Committee on
Mines and Mining. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] a member of that
committee, requested the Chair to say that lie
was detained imperatively from the Houseby
his service on the select committee of which
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] is
chairman, and that if the business of the House
would not thereby suffer, he would be glad to
have the Committee on Mines and Mining
called to-morrow instead of to-day. There is
a special order coming up about twenty min-
utes hence, the bill reported by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Fauxswouth] to further
amend the postal laws. If there be no objec-
tion, that might be now taken up.
Mr. PACKER. I wish to Cd.ll attention to
the fact that the Committee on Railways and
Canals, on the first day when it was called, had
but ten minutes' time.
The SPEAKER. That is true ;.but at the
same time, under the rules, the right of the
committee is now exhausted.^ It is not for tne
Chair to object to the committee going on, it
the House consents. The bill of the gentle-
man fromTllinois [Mr. Farnsworth] will not
come up regularly till half past one o clock,
and the intervening twenty-two minutes might
be occupied, if there is no objection, by the
Committee on Railways and Canals. Ihe
