1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
published free of postage. In that respect we
propose to leave the law as it is.
In my judgment, while the next year may
show a deficiency in the postages on letter-
mail, in two years we shall have come up with
the present revenue of the Department from
that source, and passed it. Every reduction
of postage in the United States has had that
effect, and I have no reason to believe that it
■will not be the same in regard to this. The
prepayment of postage upon newspapers does
not take effect until the 1st of J anuary next,
because a. great many men under the present
system have paid their postage in advance—
some for the year, some for the half of the
year, and some for the quarter of the year;
and there are a great many men who com-
mence their subscription to weekly papers at
the beginning of the year. We provide that
the Postmaster General may prescribe the
method by which this postage shall be paid.
The committee thought it unwise, in the short
time we have to consider this matter, to under-
take to define the method in which this post-
age shall be paid and collected at the offices
of mailing. They thought it better to leave it
to the Postmaster General, who will have a
whole year to investigate the matter and devise
the best method.
The reduction of postage will take effect on
the 1st of July next, the beginning of the fiscal
year. I do not care to say anything more upon
this subject.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest an amendment in the nature of
an additional section ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
J3ko. i. That each postmaster shall transmit with
his quarterly accounts to tho Postmaster General
a detailed account of his expenses for postage
incurred in tho transaction of his ofticial businosa;
which said account shall be audited, adjusted, and
allowed in thosamo manner as other accounts for
expenses for his oifico.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest to the
gentleman that Congress is very near itsclose,
and there is no other bill in which this provis-
ion can be made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the committee
examine the matter.
Mr. SARGENT. If there was some other
measure pending to which it would be germane,
I would not press it now. I wanted to put it
011 the Post Office appropriation bill. Thegen-
tleman desired time to examine it, and it seems
to me that unless there is some prospect that
a measure will be brought forward to relieve
this great want, we ought to put it upon this
bill. I gave in detail my reasons the other
day, and I do not wish to repeat them now. I
merely suggest that this amendment should be
passed in this bill or some other.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. We will consider
that question hereafter in connection with some
other measure. We must provide not only in
reference to money orders, but also in regard
to the documents which it is necessary for the
Department to send through the mails.
Mr. SARGENT. That only requires an
appropriation, no change of law. You must
make .some provision in this ease in order to
wake it legal for the postmasters to incur the
expense. We must provide the machinery by
which the accounts can be examined and
allowed and the service not stopped.
Mr. KILLINGER. Let them learn to pay
their own postage.
Mr. l'ARNSWORTH. It does not strike
me that there is any material objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. SakGekt,] Hut I ask him to withdraw
it for the present, and the, matter will be con-
sidered by the committee in connection with
some other bill.
Mr. SARGENT. With that understanding
I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I suggest to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farn'Swoiitu] that the
amendment reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to the second
section of this bill, in my judgment, is not
exactly what should be adopted. I think the
gentleman will perceive that there is a great,
difference between printing and publishing.
The amendment that he has moved excludes
from free circulation within the county any
weekly newspaper that is not printed and pub-
lished within the county. Now if he will
modify his amendment so as to strike out the
word "printed," and leave it simply "pub-
lished," he will meet the object desired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have left the
law precisely as it now stands. That law pro-
vides that one copy of weekly newspapers to
each actual subscriber shall be carried free
within the county where the same is printed
and published. If you strike out the word
"printed" and leave it to apply to papers
"published" within the county, then the pa-
pers may be printed somewhere else. That
will not encourage country papers at all. The
law as it now stands has received the construc-
tion of the Department, which permits papers
printed in half in the county to be circulated
free of postage.
Mr. WOOD. Ithinkthe gentleman is clearly
in error. We have thirteen hundred weekly
newspapers, only part of each of which is
printed in the county where they are published ;
the other part is printed outside of the county.
They are so printed as a matter not only of
convenience but as a matter of economy to
the papers. Now, under thisamendment it is
left entirely discretionary to the Postmaster
General to give it construction ; and in his
judgment he may so construe this provision as
to make it necessary for the weekly news-
papers to be altogether printed in the county,
as well as published there. I hope, therefore,
the gentleman will modify his amendment so
as to strike out the word "printed" and to
leave it to relate to the publication only of the
papers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot do that,
for the reason, as I said before, that that
would be changing the present law. No Post-
master General will ever make any such con-
struction of this provision as to require papers
to be wholly printed within the county where
circulated, for the reason that there hasalready
been given to that provision a judicial con-
struction. The courts have decided that a
paper is printed iu a county if as much of it
is printed there as anywhere else. The
amendment the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] desires to make would allow a
man to wholly print a paper in the city of New
York, which may be a mere advertising sheet
or a lottery circular, and to take it to my town
and distribute it through the mails of that
county free of postage.
Mr. WOOD. It must be published there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Giving it to the
world is publishing it.
Mr. WOOD, 'ihere is a great difference
between circulating a paper and publishing it.
I hope the gentleman will allow my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot consentto
amend the law any further at present.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to hear
my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out in line eight of section two the words
" and wholly printed and." •
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must decline to
admit that amendment.
Mr. L. MYERS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Farnsworth] what
has been done with that section of the present
law which has been construed by the Post-
master General to require the payment of
double postage on mail matter not prepaid
and reaching its destination bv inadvertence.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is in another
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the con-
sent of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] to offer an amendment, to in-
sert before the word " manuscripts," in line
five of section one, the words "magazine and
newspaper."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think I will allow
that amendment to be offered.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that the chairman of the committee has not
the right to allow these amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He simply
allows them to be offered; of course he has
no right to make them a part of the bill to
which the committee has agreed.
The SPEAKER. The only amendment
pending, as the Chair understands, is that
reported by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. By the consent
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] I move to amend by inserting the
words "magazine and newspaper" in the
first section," so that it will read, "except
book, magazine, and newspaper manuscripts,
and corrccte.d proofs," &c.
Mr. H1BBARD. That will not accomplish
the object which the gentleman from, Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has in view unless there be
added at the close of the section this provision :
And magazine manuscripts and newspaper man-
uscripts are hereby declared to belong to the third
class of mailable matter.
Without this provision the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will,
if adopted, hold the rates of postage on mag-
azine and newspaper manuscripts as they now
are, while reducing postages fifty per cent, on
other written matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let that be
added to perfect my amendment.
Mr. H1BBARD. The provision I have just
suggested is in accordance with a bill intro-
duced by me yesterday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the sugges-
tion of the gentleman'from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hibbard] is an improvement uoon the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio; but
I wish the gentlemen would withdraw these
propositions and allow the committee to con-
sider them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think they
ought both to be adopted.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] allow the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. HlB-
bArd] to offer his amendment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I desire to offer an
amendment with reference to the postage on
daily newspapers.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems tome we should
have a separate vote on the clause with refer-
ence to magazines, &c.
TheSPEAKER. There will be a separate
vote on each amendment.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. The amendment I
desire to offer is to add after line six, in sec-
tion two, these words:
And the postage on daily newspapers not exceed-
ing in weight four ounces each copy shall be
charged and collected at the rate of fifteen cents per
quarter.
I call the attention of the chairman o'f the
committee to the fact that this will reduce the
postage on daily newspapers precisely one
half. The gentleman has made a very strong
and convincing argument to show that a re-
duction of postage t ends to increase the receipts
of the Post Office Department. With respect
to nothing can this be so true as with reference
to daily newspapers, on which postage is now
charged at the rate of $1 20 a .year; and this
bill proposes that the present rates shall be
continued. There are many newspapers which
at the present rate of postage' will be called
upon to pay three, four, five, or six thousand,
dollars a year as postage. Now, without any
disparagement of the Post Office Department,
I am bound to say that in many localities it is
necessary at. present to have daily newspapers
carried outside of the mails, because the Post
Office Department is not able to carry them
with sufficient promptnesT or to deliver them
with siiilieient. cortainty. Now, if you, in the
