1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
126S
first, place, decrease the cost of carrying the
newspaper, and then add to the facilities of the
Department, it will be for the interest of the
publisher to pay his postage in advance.
Now, if the argument of the gentleman from
Illinois is as conclusive to others as it is to me,
t"hen certainly it should apply to the postage
of daily newspapers. Consider, Mr. Speaker,
that $1 20 postage on daily newspapers is a
very large sum indeed. I do not ask the rate
shall be reduced on weekly newspapers, for if
the postage is to be retained at five cents a
quarter it is as little as it is worth while to col-
lect. But on daily newspapers it is clear to me
the postage is exorbitant and one of the reasons
why the receipts in the Post Office Depart-
ment are so low from daily newspapers. I
trust the gentleman from Illinois will at least
allow a vote on this amendment, and I trust
his good sense and thegood sense of the House
will allow it to be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, there
is a great deal of force in the arguments of the
gentleman from New York, and I have no
doubt Congress soon will feel like making this
reduction of postage on daily newspapers. But
I -would rather not allow the amendment to be
put on this bill, for I think it encumbers it too
much until the experiment is tried on letters.
I would rather not have the proposition for
reduction of postage from three cents to two
cents encumbered by any of these matters.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. If the gentleman
from Illinois will allow me further, I will
merely add that this thing is an experiment.
You call upon them to pay in advance this
postage. It is an experiment. In a great
many cases newspapers say this will be_ruin-
ous to them if they are asked to pay it in ad-
vance. If you reduce it one half! if it is true
your receipts will be increased fifty per cent.,
then you will get as much money as now. If
this experiment is to be tried at all, I appeal to
the gentleman from Illinois to give it a fair
trial, and also to reduce postage on daily news-
papers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is only one sug-
gestion I desire to make in this regard. A
great many daily newspapers are now carried
by express which would be carried through the
mails at this reduced rate of postage. It will
be clearly to the advantage of the Department
to allow this reduction of postage on daily
newspapers. I trust the gentleman from Illinois
will allow a vote at least on my amendment,
and I sincerely think it will be in the interest
of the experiment which he is so desirous of
trying.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. While I do not care
to have this bill encumbered, I will allow the
gentleman from New York to offer his amend-
ment ; and then I will demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman from Illinois yield to me for a few
minutes? .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; I will with
draw the demand for the previous question
and yield to the gentleman from Connecticut
as I promised to yield to him before calling
ihe previous question.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I do not
know, Mr. Speaker, that I desire to oppose dis-
tinctly anything in this bill, although I have
my own serious doubt about the wisdom^ of
=ome of its provisions. I doubt whether it is
best to reduce postage on letters from three to
two cents. We are pointed to the experience
of Great Britain, which carries for a penny or
two cents ; but it is perfectly obvious it is
scarcely more difficult to carry^ the mails
■through the whole of Great Britain, Ireland,
and Scotland than to carry the mails over the
one State of New York. The expenses of car-
riage there are much less than here, and tha .
two cents or one penny, which is the charge
there, will pay for much more than three ce"'s
will pay for hero. In proportion to the diiii-
eulties and expenses of carrying the mails here
our rate of postage upon letters is now cheapei,
positively cheaper than the rate of postage in
Great Britain ; but I will not oppose it. I am
in favor of the very lowest rate of postage
which is feasible.
Mr. RANDALL. If I may be allowed a
word 
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. The gen-
tleman will have the floor in good time, and I
hope he will permit me to go on. I only say
what I have in passing. That is one point.
Now, I have another point which I wish the
House to distinctly understand. I do not ask
it to adopt any views I may have, but I wish
the point understood before the House. It is
professedly the purpose of Congress to make
all mail matter pay. We start with that pro-
vision. We have abolished the franking priv-
ilege : we were very virtuous about it, very
courageous, self-sacrificing about it, though I
know how much many members regret it, and
how little they believe in the merits of it. Yet
we have started with the provision we are
going to have nothing go free through the mails.
Let us see how that is. Existing law requires
weekly newspapers to pay twenty cents a
year. It permits weekly country newspapers to
circulate entirely free within their own coun-
ties. There is a bounty to the extent of twenty
cents per annum on each copy ot the paper,
a distinct bounty—for we cannot carry it at
a less cost than twenty cents—given by the
United States to encourage the weekly papers.
I do not say whether this is right or wrong.
I only beg the gentlemen who believe in free
trade and equal taxation to bear it in mind
when they give their votes. I want free-
traders especially to remember that they are
distinctly legislating to give a bounty of twenty
cents oil every fifty cent, dollar, or dollar and
a half weekly which we carry through the mdil
in the county where it is published. I speak
as a man interested in this question. I am a
publisher of a newspaper, a shareholder in a
daily and weekly paper, which has a consider-
able circulation for a country paper out of
its own county; and this law will therefore
affect my own pocket very considerably. _ If
gentlemen are satisfied that the law is a just
one, I do not care, and shall not vote against
any of their bounties. But I want to show dis-
tinctly how it works. Take, for example, the
New York Times or the New York Tribune.
They are required to prepay their weeklies.
They have a circulation, I will say by way of
illustration, of one hundred thousand; some
of them have a circulation very far above that.
A paper with a circulation of one hundred
thousand will be required under this law to
prepay $20,000 a year. Mind you, those
papers do not go free now. We undertake to
collect the postage at the bands of the sub-
scribers. The proposition is to make all these
papers prepay twenty cents a copy, so that for
a paper which has a hundred thousand suo-
senbers, $20,000, or for a paper having two
hundred thousand subscribers, $40,000 will be
paid at the office of publication; while the
little country weekly newspapers which drove
this House into the repeal of the franking
privilege are not to be touchedj but will be
allowed to go free through the mails. I do not
object; but I want the free traders and the
gentlemen who abolished thefranking privilege
to understand distinctly what the proposition
is. I do not grumble that it is a discrimina-
tion against me ; it is a discrimination against
my friend from New York [Mr. E. H. Rob-
erts! who has just spoken.
Mr. E'. H. ROBERTS. If the gentleman
will allow me to interrupt him, I would re-
mark that it seems to me to be for the inter-
est of the country to stand by these weeklies
in the country ; for they are the torch-bearers
of the great newspapers of the gentleman from
Connecticut, and others like him.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I_know
that I am not speaking as a wise politician
would speak ; for there are a number of little
weeklies in my own district, and they will not
like it if I talk in favor of a fair and square
abolition of postage on all mail matter. I
want their good will and their votes.
Mr. CONGEE. Does not the gentlipan's
paper circulate within his own county?
Mr. HAWLEY, erf Connecticut. That is a
fair question. The gentleman wants to know
if my paper does not circulate in my own
county. Yes, sir; it does. But its circula-
tion there is only a small fraction of its total
circulation, and I do not object to your making
me pay for the circulation of the paper within
the county, or to your making the gentleman
from New York, or the two gentlemen from
New York, pay in their counties. Nor do I
object to your requiring prepayment. Only I
want to know how, in making the discrimina-
tion in favor of local papers, you stand up to
your free trade principles.
Mr. DAWES. My trouble is whether the
gentleman has a right to vote at all on this
question. [Laughter.] He is certainly inter-
ested in it.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Exactly
so. I have stated what is my interest in the
matter and any gentleman ean challenge my
vote who pleases. There are a number of
gentlemen here who are interested as pub-
lishers ; and I want to know if every man here
who will be saved the payment of twenty cents
postage on each of the two or three weekly
newspapers he may take is not interested. I
therefore challenge the vote of the whole House
if there is logic iu the suggestion of the gentle-
man.
I was going on to say that I shall not vote
to strike that out. I shall vote for the bill as
a whole. Only I wish gentlemen distinctly to
understand that papers which have done more
than any other influence to drive Congress into
the abolition of the franking privilege are to
be left protected by this bill to the extent of
twenty cents a subscriber per annum.
Now, if you will impose a prepaid rate, I
thmk the logic of the gentleman from Illinois
is good. The increased circulation of mail
matter will increase the revenues. At present
we who publish daily newspapers dodge the
post offices as much as we can. We make
our bargain for carriage as much as we can
with express companies and private carriers,
who will do their work at a less rate than
Uncle Sam. But under this amendment we
will be able to resort to the mails to a very
much larger extent than we do now.
I believe what I have stated covers all the
points I wish to make. I will only add that I
do not wish to be understood as being hostile
to the bill.
Mr. HILL. I want to correct the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Hawlet] in re-
gard to his charge against the weekly newspa-
pers ; it was not through the influence of the
weekly papers alone that the franking priv-
ilege was abolished, it was the voice of the
people as expressed through the powerof peti-
tions that came up from all parts of the land
to their Representatives in this Hall, and that
had spoken time and time again to the mem-
bers of Congress and to the country in regard
to this question of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege j it was not the act of the weekly
papers of the country alone, but the act of the
people, they who do the voting, and elect mem-
bers of Congress and who direct what they
shall do. The people control public opinion.
They now ask for a reduction ot postage as
called for iu this bill. I hope their request
will be granted and the bill passed.
Mr. DICKEY. Does the gentleman allude
to the Postmaster General's circulars?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield now to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall. J
Mr. RANDALL. I know it is a fact, as
the gentleman from Connecticut has stated,
that there is no logical reason and no just
reason why newspapers any more than letters
should go thiough the mails free. He has
staled that a public sentiment manufactured
by the press has driven us to abolish the
franking privilege. I think the franking pnv-
