1264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ilege was an abuse from the manner in which
it was spread out in every direction and coun-
terfeited in every direction by everybody. But
the very papers that urged the abolition of the
franking privilege are now asking that they
shall be retained on the franking list.. They
ask, practically, that the privilege which we as
members of Congress have lost shall be con-
tinued to them so far as the counties in which
their newspapers are published are concerned;
still we cannot bring all reforms about imme-
diately, yet I am willing to acccpt this meas-
ure and can vote for its passage.
Mr. SPEER. Does not this bill repeal the
law which provides that newspaper exchanges
shall go free ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It does not affect that
question at. all j it leaves the law as it now is.
Mr. FiNKELNBURO. How far does the
bill increase the rates of postage?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Only upon that
class of matter which is known as drop letters,
which are not delivered by carriers. They pay
now only one cent. We provide, however,
for a one cent postal card which will take the
place of the one-cent drop letters.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
n e to move to strike out the word " weekly? "
I do not see why semi-weekly papers should
not pass through the mails on the same terms
as weekly papers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Wo do not touch
that question at all; we leave it as it is now.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The first question was upon the amendment
reported by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roftds, to strike out. in line oight
" actually and wholly;" and in line nine the
words'' none other; ' so that it will read :
I'nmdrtl, That Wflnkly newspapers within the re
Siioetivo eoUBtios wliero t.lio name are printed ami
published miiy piusx throiiKii the uuula lrm> of post-
age us provided in tlio oiubtli ulau.su of tuwtion ono
hundred xml oiglity-four of tho not to rovise, con-
solidate, and amend thontatutoa relating to the l'ost
offlo., ijuj'ui i iuuij i.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was on the amendment,
of Mr. Oakvikui, of Ohio, to amend section
one by inserting niter the word "book"' the
words " magazine and newspaper."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, question was on the amendment of
Mr, lIitiBAitn, to add at the end of section one
tho following :
And mtwnxluo niiime-'pripts and nowapaper nine -
Ufceriptx are hereby doobircd to boWnK to tbo third
Glass vt oikilubIn matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment,
offered by Mr. 15. H. Ron liters, to insert at tho
end of lino six, in section two, the following:
And tho postage on daily newspapers* not exceed-
ing four ouiKH'd each oupy in weight shall bo charged
and collected at the rate of fifteen oouts per quar-
ter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill aa amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FA(iNSW0III"H moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also Uioved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
okdkkov business.
Mr. DICKEY. I move thai the rules be
suspended, and the House now resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole upon the Army
appropriation bill. Pending that motion, 1
move that all general debate ou the bill be
limited to one hour, and I will yield one half
of that time to gentlemen on the other side.
Pending the motion of Mr. Dickey,
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 171) for the relief of Pay-
master George F. Cutter;
An act (S. No. 198) for the relief of Warren
& Moore;
An act (S. No. 010) for the relief of Lizzie
Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois;
An act (S. No. 649) for the relief of R. H.
Pratt;
An act (S. No. 808) for the relief of J. and
C. M. Dailey;
An act (S. No. 884) for the relief of the
sureties of Frederick Boehmler, of the State
of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 940) for the relief of William
Webster, of Maine;
An act (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim
of John B. Chapman;
An act (S. No. 1090) for the relief of Wil-
liam L. Utley;
An act, (S. No. 1142) for the relief ofS. E.
Ward; and
An act (S No. 120G) for the erection of a
public buildinglbr the use of the United States,
in Covington, Kentucky.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the same com-
mittee, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes ;
An act (EL R. No. 3496) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1807; and
All act (II. R. No. 3170) to provide for the
removal of the wooden buildings on Judiciary
square.
veto j amkk a. m'oullah.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following veto message from the President of
the United States :
To tin IJoanc of' /it'piu^'rnttitivex :
I hnvo tho honor to return herewith Houso bill
No. 28f>2, mtitlod "An act for tho relief James A.
iVieCuHnh, lato collector of the filth district of
Missouri," without xuy approval, for the following
roiwotn*:
It is provided in soction thirty-four of tho not of
Juno tfo, 18ol, as amended by tho aet of July 13,
IHOti, that, it shall bo proved to tho Sdtisl'uction of
tho Commissioner of Internal llovonuc that duo
diligence was used by tho eolloctor who shall certify
tho facts to tho First Comptroller. This bill, should
ithocoino a law, oloarly excuses Mr MeCullah, late
collector, from allowing that ho used due diligenoo
for tho collection of tho tnx in question whilo the
lists remained in his hands.
U. S. GRANT.
kxkcutivk mansion, February 8,1873.
Mr. BTJRCHARD. This bill came from the,
Committee of Ways and Means, i move that
the message be printed and referred to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
BKRNJMKD BKKNSTEIN.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
Tt> the //■■H ut' of llc&rc/ientatioe* ."
Tn answer to tho resolution of tho House of Rep-
resentatives of tho 2i)th of Jtmuary, requesting
information in relation to the ease of Bemhurd
Bornt.toiu, I transmit boiowith a loport from the
.Secretary of Shite upon that subject, with aceunipa -
nyint; documents.
v. s. qrast.
washington, Fphnutry s, 1s73.
The message was ordered to be printed and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
public building at mkmpiiis.
The SPEAKE11. The Senate have sent to
the House a request that the bill (H. R. No.
2703) to provide a building suited to the use of
the custom-house, post office, revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States
iuthe city of Memphis, Tennessee, be recom-
mitted to the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
If there be no objection, the request of the
Senate will be granted.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
recusant witness, j. b. stewart. " -
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
a petition from J. B. Stewart, who is now
confined by order of the House. If there is
no objection it will be read.
No objection was made.
The petition states that on the 6tli instant
J. B. Stewart, the petitioner, submitted to the
House a petition, together with a full and cor-
rect copy of his testimony before the select
committee at whose instance he is imprisoned,
with a request that the same be printed and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary;
that his request was not complied with, but the
testimony was referred without printing to the
said select committee ; that desiring that his
testimony in a corrected form shall be given to
the public, and being advised that a very an-
tagonistic feeling prevails in the select com-
mittee against him, the petitioner asks that the
corrected version of his testimony may be
published as his real testimony, &c.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that this petition
(1 do not know anything about the terms of
the other petition) be printed, with a copy of
Mr. Stewart's entire testimony.
Mr. DAWES. I think that the matter
should be referred to the committee who have
the subject in charge.
Mr. MAYNARD. Of course, I propose that
the petition shall be referred to the select com-
mittee ; but I suggest also that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. Printed in connection
with the revised testimony?
Mr. HOAR. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
narii] to the fact that the testimony of this
witness as reported in full by one of the offi-
cial stenographers of the House has already
been printed in connection with the rest, of
the testimony. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee propose that it shall be printed
separately ?
Mr. RANDALL. I think the petition had
better be referred, and its printing left to the
discretion of the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. If thp testimony has
been printed, of course there is no necessity
for printing it again; but inasmuch as Mr.
Stewart is a prisoner under our control, and
thinks it important that his testimony should
be printed, I was perfectly willing, and indeed
thought it right and proper, that it should be
done. Still, if it has already been printed, I
do not press the motion.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the petition be
referred to the committee of which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Wilson] is chairman.
The SPEAKER. That is the pending mo-
tion. Does the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] modify his motion by striking
out the proposition to print?
Mr. MAYNARD. I modify my motion in
that respect.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Maynard as modified, to refer the petition
to the select committee of which Mr. Wilson,
of Indiana, is chairman, it was agreed to.
miami indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
condition of the Miami Indians,and the rights
of certain settlers upon the lands of those
Indians ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
lieotjsnant r. h. pratt.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, m relation to the claim
of First Lieutenant R. H. Pratt, tenth cav-
alry ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
