18TI
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOI
Mr. CAMERON. I am not.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I sup-
posed when I made the brief remarks I sub-
mitted the other day that I should have noth-
ing more to say about this bill, if it had not
been that this subject of subrogation arose this
uioruiug in such a form that I saw I would
have to vote upou it, and as my vote on that
would be likely to be with the friends instead
of the opponents of the bill, I felt it my duty
to explain why I should vote agaiust the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana, and
hence I was drawu into this discussion, pro-
longed by the interruptions.
The Senator from New York thinks I fell
into this inconsistency: that when speaking of
the question of subrogation I governed my-
self by the well known principles of the law
aud the adjudications, but that when I came
to the questions of liability I forsook all anal-
ogy. I must submit to him that there is no
inconsistency about it. When the question is
upou subrogation it is not a question of anal-
ogy ; it is a question of law, and strict equity
law. The question is, did these insurance
companies become in equity the owners of
these claims? That is not a question to be
decided by any analogy; that is a question
of positive equity law; but when the question
comes as to whether the United States is
liable, then comes the question of analogy of
which the Senator speaiks, so that there is no
inconsistency whatever such as the Senator
supposes I fell into. So mueh for that.
But he thinks I fell into a great error in say-
ing that the measure of damages would be the
amount of benefit which the United States re-
ceived from a release of the French claim on
us, if in point of fact it has been released, as
a consideration for the relinquishment of these
claims. I must say, preliminary to that, that
the Government of the United States did not
give up the claims. All that it did was to
forbear to prosecute them further. It did not
undertake to use property which belonged to
the citizen and transfer or assign or release
that property to the French Government. All
that the Government of the United States did
was to cease to prosecute the claims. I grant
that, in substance, that is very much a release
of the claims for two reasons: first, because a
private citizen or subject is not allowed to
prosecute a claim before a foreign Power ; he
must do it through his own Government;
and, secopdly, because that disability is
actually enforced by a statute of the United
States which forbids him to do it. So that I
grant (for I desire to he perfectly fair about
this matter) that, in substance, the United
States has pretty much given up the claims
when it agrees to forbear to prosecute them,
although if it were, to repeal tha); statute to-
morrow and enable these parties to present
their claims to France, France could not say
" these claims are released all it could say
would be, '' The United States as a Government
has agreed that it will not further prosecute
thembut it might, out of a sense of justice,
pay them to individual claimants if it saw iit
to do so.
But now let us see whether I was wrong in
regard to the matter qf damages, if that were
a material question here. I do not think it is,
but rather a matter of speculation ; but let us
see whether I was wrong about that- There
must be either one of two rales of damages in
the case. One is that you are to take, as the
Senator from New York aays, the value of the
thing surrendered by the trustee, and the other
is that you must take the benefit received by
the trustee as the measure of damages. When
he charged me with inconsistency in that, or
with advancing an unsound argument, he for-
got what I bad laid down as a premise to that
argument; and that was, that I assumed that
these claims had no actual value whatever, and
I endeavored to prove the other day that they
had no actual value whatever.
Mr. CONKLING. Which claims?
Mr. THUSMAN. The claims of our citi-
zens ; that they had ho actual claim, -whatever
legal right there was. When the Government
had released those claims, the Government
did not thereby assume that the claims were
good for the whole amount. The Government
is not estopped from saying that these claims
are not good for the whole amount. There is
nothing of that kind, no estoppel. The
amount of the claims had never been adjudi-
cated. Whether they would ever be paid or
not, there being no right of action in the case,
was a question about which there might be
difference of opinion; but if it was certain
that they never would be paid, then they had
no actual value; so that if you come to the
question of what the claims were actually
worth, if the value of ^he claims is to be the
measure of the damages the Government , is
not liable tor anything at all, because they had !
no actual yalue.
To illustrate this I will take a case between [
individuals. Suppose that my friend from |
New York has a claim upon a piece of real
estate, and actually conveys it to me in trust
for him, and I dispose of that real estate for
my own benefit, what is the measure of dam-
ages? Am I bound to pay the value.of a fee-
simple title in that real estate if his title was
not the fee-simple? Not the least in the world-
I am not bound to do any Buch thing. If I am
to be governed by the value I am opt estopped
from denying that he had not a fee-simply
title; I may show that his title was only for J
life, or for a term of years, or that it was de-
fective, or that intrinsically it had no value at
all.
Mr. CONKLING. Does.my friepd under-
stand me to deny that ?
Mr. TflU-RMAN. If yowdo not deny that,
very good- But suppose upon that claim which
had actually no intrinsic yalue at all I received
$10,000, then I cannot say that that claim
was not worth.$10,000; I cannot say that that
claim had no intrinsic value, for 1 have got
the proceeds of it, the $>10,000, and that I am
bound to pay.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will par-
don me, that is a reason, I submit to him,
which has nothing to do with the rule of dam-
ages. The rule of damages would be the same
all the time, whether my claim was worth lit-
tle or nothing, or a great deal. It would be
for the court to ascertain that, If a trustee
in the case the Senator puts should come into
court and say, " I admit Isold this for $10,000,
but now I propose to prove to the court that I
committed a fraud, it is not worth a cent," the
court would say, "Mr. Trustee, you are
estopped for other reasons, not because the
measure of damages is not all the time the
actual value of this, but there are other princi-
ples which come in which will prevent your
doing that."
Mr. THURMAN. That is a mere differ-
ence about words. The trmth is, the benefi-
ciary of the trust has the right to come in and
say, " Give me the value of my property, or
give me what yon received for it." The bene-
ficiary has the election. He may take either
the one or the other, as he sees fit. But
really these are more like law lectures than a
discussion of the question before us, if I am
right about it. In my judgment the claims
had no actual value; the claims of our citi-
zens and the claims of France had no legal
validity, and that ends the whole matter.
Mr. WIN DOM. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. Before the Senator makes
his motion ! desire to offer an ameudinent
to the first section, which I wish to have
printed 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) The Chair will inform the Senator
from Indiana that this bill has received its
third reading, and an amendment therefore is
not in order unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. I suppose there will be no
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thepoposfd
amendment will be ordered to be printed if
there be no objection.
Mr. WINDOM. I now move to lay the
pending bill on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the motion ; and declared that the ayes
appeared to prevail.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I was not pay-
ing attention to the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again. The Senator
from Minnesota moves to lay the pending bill
on the table.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to make
a suggestion. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations has just stepped out
of the Chamber. He was interrupted in a
request that the bill be passed over informally,
and I would make that suggestion now. He
suggested just before leaving the Chamber that
the bill be passed over informally, to be taken
up again on our coming together after the
recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota gave notice that he should
renew the motion to lay the biil on the table
as soon as the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thuk-
man] had concluded his remarks.
Mr. WINDOM. I am perfectly content
that the bill shall be laid aside informally, if
that can be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How can you lay over
informally a bill until another session ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Itis not another
session.
Ihie PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator .from Minnesota withdraw the motion
to lay on the table ?
Mr. WINDOM. I do, for the purpose of
asking unanimons consent that it be passed
over informally with a view to take up the
Indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota withdraws the motion to lay
on the table, and asks unanimous consent that
the pending bill be laid aside informally for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill. Is there
objection ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make an
inquiry before objecting. I do not know that
I shall object at all. I should like to know
what is gained by that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
hardly a legislative inquiry. The Chair will
refer the question to the Senator. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed it might be
a proper question to ask the Presiding Officer
what will be the condition of the bill if it
should be laid over informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is laid
over informally, it will come up again, the
Chair supposes, as the unfinished business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Immediately on the
disposal of the Indian bill? I should like to
know how long it lies in this informal state?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. During the
present session, that is, during to-day, aud it
would come up as the unfinished business or
could be called up on the demand of any Sen-
ator. After to-day, it loses its place if the
Senate adjourn on any other unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It loses its informality
then ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think this bill
ought to stand in the way of all the other busi-
ness of the country. I think it had better
take its chance on the Calendar.
Mr. WINDOM. I take it the shortest way
to settle the matter would be to move to lay
the bill on the table, and I make that motion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. On that mo-
tion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
