1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
lieutenant charles b. madden.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
claim of Charles B. Madden, late first lieuten-
ant seventy-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
proceeds of army property. •
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
repeal of section 'five of the act of May 8,
1872, so far as it applies to moneys or the pro-
ceeds of property pertaining to the Army, or
under the control of the War Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
government purchase at omaiia.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a
draft of a bill to confirm the purchase by the
Department on the 8th of September, 1868,
of a certain tract of land at Omaha, Nebraska ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced the return
to the House, in compliance with its request,
of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) in
relation to the Vienna exposition.
The message also announced that the Senate
aad passed bil Is of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 1203) for the creation of a
court for the adjudication and disposition of
certain moneys received into the Treasury
under an award made by the tribunal of arbi-
tration constituted by virtue of the first article
of the treaty concluded at Washington the 8th
of May, A. D. 1871, between the United States
of America and the queen of Great Britain;
An act (S. No. 1344) to confer upon the Su-
perintendent of the United States Military
Academy the power to convene general courts-
martial ; and
An act (S. No. 1384) authorizing the
Secretary of War to have a monument erected
at Salisbury, North Carolina, to the memory
of the soldiers who died in prison and are
there buried.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment House bills
of the following titles :
An act (II. R. No. 2698) to provide for the
payment of certain property taken by the
Government for the extension of the military
reservation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory
of Arizona; and
An act (H. R. No. 2704) for the relief of S.
P. Jocelyn.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed House bills of the follow-
ing titles, with amendments; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (H, R. No. 3088) to extend for four
years the act establishing the board of com-
missioners of claims and the acts relating
thereto; and
An act (H. R. No. 3619) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the appointment
of shipping Commissioners &c.," approyed
June 7, 1872.
geneva award
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the bill just received
from the Senate in relation to the distribution
of the Geneva award be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POTTER. I object.
modoc indians. .
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
42d Cons. 3d Sess.—No. 80.
of the House of February 3, 1873, in relation
to the present difficulties with the Modoc In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
gatlin guns.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an appropria-
tion for the purchase of a limited number of
Gatlin guns for the use of the Army; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
john j. clarke.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous cow
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 14) for the relief of John J.
Clarke, late colonel thirty-fifth regiment New
Jersey volunteers; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
george j. mortimer.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the commissioners of claims, transmit-
ting their report on the claim of George J.
Mortimer, of Copiah county, Mississippi;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
ephraim p. 8howalter.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, returning House bill No.
1611, for the relief of Ephraim P. Showalter;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
private land claims, new mexico.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a report
of the surveyor general of New Mexico on
private land claim No. 70 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
rivers and harbors.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the Hous# a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the repair,
preservation and completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims, and or-
dered to be printed.
list of private land claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before the
House the following letter from the Clerk of
the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Clerk's Ofpick
Hotjse of Representatives United States,
Washington, 1). O., February 8,1873.
Sik: I have caused to be prepared a digested
summary and alphabetical listof the private claims
which have been presented to the House of Repre-
sentatives from tbe Thirty-Second to the Forty-
First Congress, inclusive, being a continuation of a
list published in 1853, covering the claims thus pre-
sented from the First to the Thirty-First Congress.
The work will be lound exceedingly useful to all per-
sons having connection with the business of the
House of Representatives. I send with this some
specimen sheets, with the suggestion that they be
referred to the Committee on Printing, with a view
to an examination by them, and to the printing of
the usual number of copies by order of the House.
It may not be out of place to state that, ii^appears
from the books of this office, there was paid for the
preparation of the previous summary, for extra
clerical labor, the sum of $63,246 08. Mo additional
expense has been incurred in the preparation of
this continuation, which has been made in intervals
of time not required by other official duties.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
edward Mcpherson.
Cleric House of tiepresentatives, United States.
Hon. James G. Blaine, Speaker House of flepresent-
atives United Statea, Washington, D. (/,
The letter and accompanying papers were
referred to the Commit,tee orj Printing.
OKDKltOF business.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the call for
bills for reference only was interrupted, and
some gentlemen request {hey may have an
opportunity to introduce such bills at this
time, and they apprehend there will be no
objection.
Mr, DICKEY. I must, regardless of every
personal consideration, insist on my motion
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in order.that the
Army appropriation bill, of which I have
■charge, may be disposed of. My mother is
not expected to live from one hour to another.
army appropriation bill.
The rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr,
Tyner in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of House bill No. 3850, making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1874.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending bill is limited to one
hour. The Clerk will read the bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the first reading
of the bill for information be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not desire to indulge
in any general debate upon the Army bill, but
shall content myself with making any explana-
tion which may seem necessary of items as
we proceed. I have promised to yield one half
of the time allowed for general debate to* the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
and 1 yield thirty minutes to him under that
arrangement.'
Mr. WOOD. I had intended to have sub-
mitted to the committee some general remarks
pertinent to this bill. But as my colleague
[Mr. Roosevelt] desires an opportunity,
which has hitherto been denied to him, to
make a personal explanation, I hope the com-
mittee will give its unanimous consent that
the time allowed to me by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania may be given to my colleague for
the purpose I have indicated. Our tim'e at
this stage of the .session is necessarily limited
and restricted. 1 therefore willingly forego
the remarks I had intended to offer, and give
the gentleman my half hour, and I hope he
will have the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee to occupy it in that way.
Mr. SARGENT. Before the gentleman
proceeds, there is one thing which I should
like to have understood. The gentleman has
half an hour. I have no objection to his
occupying that half hour in the way he pro-
poses, but if the point of order is not raised
upon him it should not, as a matter of fair
play, be raised upon the gentleman from the
District of Columbia, !f the remaining half
hour is allotted to that gentleman.
Mr. WOOD. I submit that it is too late to
make any objection or interruption.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The only objection I
have is to interruption. I do not care how
much time is allowed to the gentleman from
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] is allowed to proceed
without the point of order being raised irpon
him. And 1 wish it to be understood that if
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dick-
ey] sees fit to allow the gentleman from the
District of Columbia the remaining time, the
point of order shall not be raised upon him.
Mr. RANDALL. I think the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] is too late in
making any point. And he ought to recollect
that the speech to which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] proposes to reply
was not delivered in the House; that it is a
speech which is grossly personal, and was never
delivered; although there has always been
an understanding, so long, at least, as I have
been m this House, that, where unanimous
consent was given to a member to print his
speech, in no contingency should personalities
be indulged in.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from the
