302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. EDMUNDS (when his name was called)
said : 1 ask to be excused from voting, as 1
have reason to believe that I have a certain
interest, rather an indefinite one to be sure,
but one that leads me to think I ought not to
vote on this question.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
the result was announced—yeas 23, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Auies, Carpenter, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Cole, Coukling, Cooper, CorbeU, Flana-
gan, Harlan, Kelly, Morton, Osborn, Pratt, Sher-
man. Stevenson, Stewart, Thurinan, Trumbull,
\\ est. AVindom, and Wright—23.
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Cragin, Davis, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Freliughuysen. tfoldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Kye, Patterson, Ransom, Saulsbury,
Seburi, Spencer. Sumner, \ ickers.and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs.Alcorn, Blair, Boreman,Brown-
low. Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Johnston, Kel-
logg. Lewis, Logan, Muchen, Morrill of Maine,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Bice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Sprague, Stockton, and Tipton—27.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the passage of the bill.
Mr. MORTON. The question, I take it, is
on the amendment that I offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the amendment
was out of order, this bill having already been
read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate are aware
of the fact that at the close of the remarks of
the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers]
the other day I was called out and did not
take the floor immediately, and some informal
stages of the bill were passed, rather as a mat-
ter of form, during that time. When 1 came
in I discussed the question on the passage of
the bill; but in such cases it has always been
usual to take the question as upon the engross-
ment of "the bill so as to leave it open to
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can move to reconsider the vote by which the
bill w;i3 ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not present at the
time, and therelore canuotmove it.
Mr. CONKLING. I take it there will be
no objection to that. The Chair may remem-
ber that I myself asked to have the bill
reported in full on the third reading, because
somebody mentioned to me that the Senator
from Ohio intended to address the Senate, and
1 saw he was not in his seat, and while the bill
was being read at length the Senator came in,
perhaps reaching here after the vote was taken
on the third reading. Lt was an accidental,
informal proceeding, and no doubt it will be
reconsidered.
Mr. MORION. I move a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill was ordered to a
third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to know whether
the Senator voted in the affirmative; whether
he has a right to make the motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The roll
was not called on the third reading of the bill,
and the Senator id presumed to have voted in
favor of it.
Mr. CAMERON. If he says so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Whether
he says so or not. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be reconsidered by
unanimons consent.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate reconsider the vote by
' which this bill was ordered to a third read-
ing?
The motion to reconsider was agreed to,
there being, on a division—ayes 28, noes 16.
Mr. MORTON. Now 1 offer the amend-
ment which 1 sent up to the desk some time
since. It is to iusert at the end of the first
section the following proviso :
Provided, That no part of the money appropri-
ated by this act shall be paid to insurance com-
panies, or their representatives or assigns, that
charged and received war premiums upon the rijks
fur loss of wbioh they claim compensation, nor to
any person or persons representing claims which
were in whole or in part paid by insurance com-
panies to the extent that such claims were paid or
reimbursed by suoh insurance companies.
Before the vote is taken on this amendment
I desire to submit a very few remarks. In the
first place, I am advised—the statement was
broadly made by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman}—that perhaps three fourths of all
these claims in amount belong to insurance
companies.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow
me to say a word at this point, lthiuk the Sen-
ator from Ohio was certainly in error in making
that statement. There is no means perhaps
of ascertaining precisely the amount in the
hands of the several parties, but I think it
clear beyond a doubt that a full half or more
is in the hands to-day of the descendants of the
original claimants.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated that the founda-
tion of my remark was the statement made by
Mr. Webster, that a large portion or a large
proportion of these claims belonged to in-
surance companies.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is true.
Mr. SHERMAN. And Mr. Millson, of
Virginia, in the House of Representatives,
also stated the proportion that I gave, that
fully three fourths belonged to insurance cotn-
j panies.
I Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the ques
tion as to the amount is after all not very
important, but still it is probable that the
great bulk of these claims do belong to insur-
ancecompauies, for this reason : marine insur-
ance was as common at the time these claims
arose as it is now, and was very nearly as well
understood, and the reasonable presumption
is that these ship-owners and merchants in-
sured their cargoes and their ships, and that
the policies were paid. We may therefore
; presume that in point of fact the great body
of theseclajmg belong to insurance companies.
There is a large list of private claimants, how-
ever, in a book I see here, but that results
probably from the fact that there is a small
margin of the loss that was not covered by
the insurance, to which the original parties
would be entitled, the insurance companies
seldom paying the full loss, and the original
parties would therefore be entitled to recover,
if they are entitled to it at all, the margin that
was not paid by the insurance companies.
Thus you may have upon the list of claimants
the original parties and the insurance com-
panies at the same time, but the insurance
I companies hold the large body of the claims.
Therefore 1 say it is probable in the nature
of things that the great body of these claims
| is held by insurance companies.
! Those insurance companies were wise in
their day and generation, and understood
their business, understood the condition of
the commerce of the world, the warlike or
the peaceful attitudes of the Governments of
Europe, and they placed their policies accord-
ing to the risk to be run, and there is no rea-
sonable doubt that they made money all the
time; that if they did pay these losses they
were still reimbursed, and it was a profitable
business. This being the case, the question
is whether the Congress of the United States
shall take money out of the Treasury of the
nation at this late period, seventy or seventy-
five years after these occurrences, for the pur-
pose of paying these insurance companies the
second time. They have not been bankrupted
by these losses; we have no evidence of that.
They have not suffered great and sudden losses
like the insurance companies that had insured
property in Boston and Chicago. We have
no evidence of that. They have found profit
in their business all the time. They have lost
nothing. They insured against these very
dangers, understanding well what they had
done. They are not in any sense sufferers;
they do not come down to us as parties that
have lost severely, and whose posterity have
been made poor by these captures. They
insured against these losses, and they were
paid for doing so ; and it turned out profitable
all the time ; and now the question comes to
us whether we shall appropriate money to pay
these insurance companies the second time.
1 insist that we cannot do that without doing
great injustice to this nation. There are no
legal rights in this case in any way. If we
choose to pay the original parties for their
losses where they have not been reimbursed,
that is one question; it may have been their
all; they may have been bankrupted; the
Government may have been in duty bound to
prosecute their claims against France, and by
surrendering those claims may have incurred
a moral or equitable obligation to pay those
claims itself. All that is outside of the insur-
ance question. The insurance companies have
no moral or equitable claim upon us in the
world; and yet the great body of this appro-
priation will go to them; there can be no
question on that point.
Now, Mr. President, what is the claim here
upon the part of the insurance companies?
That they are subrogated to the rights of the
party insured. Is the Government of the
United States in pursuit of recondite principles
of law, in pursuit of what may be called the
, remote rights of these insurance companies,
! if they have such rights at all? Is the Gov-
ernment of the United States now to pay to
J! these insnrance companies their losses? There
! might be (although I think there is none at
! all) an analogy of law for a claim on the part
| of these insurance companies; but there is no
right, there is no justice in it, and everybody
knows it. Nobody can doubt upon that ques-
tion. We are not at liberty, I think, to doubt
| that so far as the equity is concerned and the
: very right, those insurance companies should
not now require us to pay their losses. If we
pay, let us pay to those who suffered, those
who were possibly bankrupted, and whose
children were made poor in consequence of
their losses. Let us pay upon these grounds,
but let ns not pay to insurance companies that
even yet are in existence, and have grown
richer from decade to decade upon these fanci-
ful principles of law that are set up in their
favor. In my judgment, the principles of law
! that would prevail in favor of the subrogation
J of an insurance company to the rights of the
■ insured in an ordinary case have no founda-
tion here.
It is true, as was said by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] that when an insurance
company insures my house it does so subject
to being put in my shoes. If it pays me it has
a right to stand in my place ; that is part of
the contract; nobody doubts that; but so far
as these claims are concerned, can there be
any pretense of t hat kind ? The party insured
had no valid claim against the Government of
the United States; he had no valid claim
against France. He had a claim in equity
against France that the claimant himself had
no power to enforce, and that our Govern-
ment was not bound to enforce beyond pru-
dence. Our Government was not bound to
incur the risk of war, or go to war, for the
purpose of having ship-owners reimbursed.
There can be no authority found for that doc-
trine in the world. It would be absurd.
Sometimes it is not in the power of a nation
to enforce claims by war, and at other times
they would incur a thousand times more ex-
pense than they could possibly gain by the
war, the destruction of a whole commerce for
the purpose of having a few ship-owners paid ;
the destruction of life, and the shedding of
the blood of thousands of men laying down
their lives.
No, sir, the principle cannot be applied for
