1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB®.
raetit for. The answer I have given is not
only conclusive of the gentleman's error but
it ought to shame him into a public acknowl-
edgement; yet with blind rage he reiterates
fraud on the part of the board and culpable
mistakes on the part of the officer who certi-
fied to the voucher.
Let rne explain in a word more that when
General Babcockcame to examine the account
of the board he struck out all the items in
regard to which he.and the board disagreed to
such an extent that the board were unwilling
to allow the accounts to be settled, and -he
allowed others where work was done and not
stated in the account, and yet with all the care
tlmt was taken he found that the Government
was indebted over $81,000 more than the board
had reported. Why, then, all this excited
declamation of the gentleman wheii the facts are
known, as he must at this moment know them ?
Tlie gentleman says General Babcock had
no authority toi use a discretion. In reply I
make this point', that under the appropriation
which this Congress made, the language of
which I have read, it was competent for Gen-
eral Babcock to pay to the full amount of the
appropriation so long as he kept within its
terms, even though the exact account rendered
by the board was not audited and paid by him.
Congress did not know the account as an ac-
count; it only knew the amount in round
numbers, and provided not for a' particular
account, but for the cost of the work whatever
it might be.
This, Mr. Chairman, is my answer to the
speech of the gentleman. He makes no new
charges, and 1 say he does not explain the
equivocal position in which his first speech
placed him. I stand upon the computation
and the facts already submitted by me to the
House, and I challenge refutation of them. I
am sustained by the reports of a committee of
this House and by what I believe to be the
truth in this whole matter. The gentleman's
quarrel with the vice president of the board it
is not my province to espouse. That officer
is abundantly able to take care of himself.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I had hoped we
were through with this opposition. Whenever
it shall be demonstrated by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Roosevelt,] or by any
other member or by any other person, be be
a member of Congress or one of my own con-
stituents, that this Board of Public Works are
a second Tammany in a worse form than the
very bad first Tammany, as the gentleman
charges, I shall not be the last one to de-
nounce them on this floor. I have gone before
this people over and over again upon the very
question the gentleman has raised before the
House, and every time the people have in-
dorsed the Board of Public Works and their
efforts to build up the national capital.
But so long as these charges are utterly des^
titute of truth, as I believe them to be, and
are made only by a few disappointed and dis-
reputable characters whom the respectable
people of the District who oppose the board
repudiate as common enemies to our best in-
terests, so long, Mr. Chairman, as this is true
I shall defend this board.
It is a shame that these creatures should be
permitted to come here to defeat just appro-
priations ; it is a shame that they are allowed
to dog the steps of Congressmen and pretend
to respectability because there are some decent
men in the city who do not sustain the board.
These creatures would see the capital sink
before they would permit the board to succeed,
if they could prevent it; and yet they had
audience and they have a champion on tbis
floor. The gentleman comes here now to eulo-
gize the character of one of these men and
thank him for turning spy and informer against
the people of the District. I shall not call in
question the gentleman's companionship, lie
may select his own associates; but he cannot
convince this country that an infatuated mono-
maniac, an utterly unscrupulous wretch who
pursues this District government with the ma-
levolence of a hyena, is a fit man to give the
gentleman information to guide this House.
I make no attack on this man, but I warn the
House against the source of the gentleman's
so-called tacts.
Sir, it is painful to me that this attack and
this effort to stifle improvements here,come
from a gentleman who lives in the, greatest
city of this continent, with Its noble park
and its splendid improvements, and with
its ambition to overtop the cities of the Old
World in all that makes a city great. It pains
me that such a gentleman should stand out
alone in an attack upon the Board of Public
Works and their effort to build up your capital.
But this experience is not new to us. When
gentlemen of the House look about them and
see what we have accomplished in this city, let
them remember that every step that has been
taken has been through fire. We have been
attacked openly and anonymously. Even
yesterday, when it was hoped to pass a resolu-
tion of instruction to the Committee on Ap-
propriations asking them to inquire as to the
duty of the Government toward its capital,
this House was flooded with an anonymous
circular attacking me personally and the
Board of Public Works. I had a copy handed
to me by a gentleman on the other side of the
House, who said, that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] handed it to
him, and was circulating it among members
generally. I hope I may be mistaken in that,
but I fear that I am not. Is this a specimen
of the gentleman's morals? Is a public report
of United States officers to be libeled out of
court and this stuff to be taken as the guide
of the House? Verily, then—
" Judgment thou art fled to brutish beasts.
And men have lost their reason."
This, Mr. Chairman, is the character of the
opposition which we have met everywhere.
Yesterday I fouud here this large paper, [hold-
ing a large yellow-colored poster in his hand,]
which reminds one of the posters that may be
seen at the cross-roads, surmounted by ahorse
rampant, and which was circulated here by
the gentleman in order to prejudice this House
against doing an act of simple justice, that of
directing an inquiry through a proper commit-
tee as to whether tbis Government ought to do
anything toward building up the capital.
The gentleman cries "Tammany number
two," "fraud," "corruption," "misrepresent-
ation." '"I thank thee, Jew, for teaching me
that word.' " Let it be Tammany number two.
It never will send a delegate who will come
here and turn and rend it without cause. I
believe there is no substantial averment made
by the gentleman that lias not been fully an-
swered. 1 cannot anticipate what the gentle-
man will print in the balance of his speech,
and I reserve the right to answer charges not
made on the floor. I will not take up the time
of the House in merely gratifying myself by
further remarks. Examine the records ot
this District for yourselves. Do not rely upon
the gentleman's statements or my own.
This Congress has shown a patriotic interest
in the capital. I cannot believe that the fire
and fury of one or a half a dotfen speeches
which the gentleman or any one else shall
make can extinguish the public sentiment that
demands of the people's Representatives to
make the people's capital the greatest of the
W°Mr." ROOSEVELT. One word.- When I
was away from this House at the time to which
the gentleman refers I was sick. In the next
place, I did not circulate the documents to
which he refers. They were sent to me, and
a colleague asked me for one, and I gave it to
hlMr. DICKEY. As this debate has been
extraordinarily pertinent to this Army appro-
priation bill [laughter] I will now asm the Clerk
to proceed to read the bill by paragraphs.
The Clerk read the following :
For regular supplies of the quartermaster's de-
partment, to wit: for the regular supplies of the
quartermaster's department, consisting of stoves
for heating and cooking, of fuel for officers, enlisted
men, guards, hospitals, storehouses, and offices; of
forage in ltind for the horses, mules, and oxen of the
quartermaster's department at the several posts and
stations, and with the armies in the field! for the
horses of the several regiments of cavalry, the bat-
teries of artillery, and such companies of infantry
and s.couts as may be mounted, and for the author-
ized nuuiber of officers' horses when serving in
the field, and at the outposts, including bedding
for the animals; of straw for soldiers' bedding; ana
of stationery, including blank-books, for the quar-
termaster's department, certificates for discharged
soldiers, blank forms for the pay and quartermas-
ter's departments, and for printing of division and
department orders and reports, $4,526,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to strike out the
words " when serving in the field and at the
outposts," to make this paragraph correspond
to existing law. That is a phrase which was
used in •the old Army appropriation bill, but
it is not in accordance with existing law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For establishing and maintaining national mili-
tary cemeteries, $275,000.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move to amend by
addingafter the clause just read the following:
Tor headstones of marble or granite for soldiers'
graves, with the name, (rank, if above a private,)
regiment, and date of death inscribed thereon if
known, and if not known, to be inscribed United
States soldier, $100,000! Provided, The same be
expended during the fiscal year: And provided fur-
ther, That the cost of such headstones shall not be
in excess of three dollars each, to be selected and
contraoted for by tho Secretary of War in his discre-
tion.
Mr. DICKEY. I have agreed that the gen-
tleman should offer this amendment. He will
explain it.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I have but a single
word to say in relation to this matter. I think
that perhaps it is not best for the Government
to appropriate in one year the necessary sum
to provide all the graves in our national cem-
eteries with proper headstones; the boards
now placed there will last for some years, in
the mean time, by a small yearly appropriation '
of say $100,000, or perhaps $50,000, we shall
in the course of five or tea years accomplish
the result of placing at the head of every grave
of a Union soldier a marble or a granite monu-
ment that will be durable and creditable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest to
the gentleman to make the appropriation in
his amendment $50,000.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I have no objection
to making that reduction.
Mr. DICKEY. If the gentleman will make
the amount $50,000 instead of $100,000 the
Committee on Appropriations will assent to it.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I modify ray amend-
ment by striking out $100,000 and inserting
$50,000. , , ,
Ml\ LYNCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding a provision that proposals
shall be advertised for. .
Mr. DICKEY. As the appropriation is
only $50,000, there is no propriety in having
the Secretary of War spend a portion of this
small sum in advertising for proposals.
Mr. LYNCH. As the amount is so small
perhaps advertising is not necessary. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. C013URN. This movement tor pro-
viding the graves of our soldiers with head-
stones was inaugurated some years since, but
the Secretary of War or the Quartermaster
General, or whoever else has had charge of the
matter has failed to do anything. Last year
an appropriation of about $200,000 was made
for this purpose. Advertisements were pub-
lished and bids in pursuance thereof were re-
ceived, together with a large number of speci-
mens; but no letting was made on aecount
either of some irregularity ia the advertise-
ment, or, as the Secretary of War thought,
some insufficiency in the law. The specimens
submitted are now on hand. I have seen them,
as have manv other persons.
The first objection i have to this amendment
is that the sum of three dollars, to which the
expense of each headstone is limited, is too
small an amount. We want some kind of a
