THK CONGRESSIONAL
February 11,
respectable stone at the head of each of these
r aves—something of some size and style—and
think five dollars would be nearer a proper
limit.
There are about three hundred thousand of
these graves. Int connection with this matter,
I have prepared a bill coveting the whole
fround, providing the mode of letting, &c.
t is not proper that we should undertake this
matter without another letting. The gentle^
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] said
just now that it is desirable to avoid the ex-
pense of another letting. I tell the gentleman
that we shall save a large amount of money by
having another letting. The bids which were
put in under the advertise merits of the Secre-
tary of War were not competitive bids at all.
The Secretary of War, in his advertisements,
did not classify the stones or make any ar-
rangements by which there could be anything
like fair competition. X believe that if we will
direct the Secretary of War to classify these
headstones, and then advertise for bids which
shall have reference to the different sizes and
styles, we can secure better stones and save a
large amount of money. It is a business
transaction, and ought to be conducted in a
business-like way. It strikes me that to make
an appropriation and allow these stones to be
purenased without any further letting would
hot be a good business arrangement. I want
to see the appropriation made and good head-
stones put up. The law requires that it shall
be done; and it might have been done in good
style; but in consequence Of defective ad-
vertising, or for some other reason, we have to
go over the matter again. I hope the gentle-
man Will not put in this amendment.
I will inquire of the gentleman whether
there is anything in the amendment which
forbids any other letting of these bids?
Mr. 8TOUGHTON. With the permission
of the gentleman, I will state the object 1
have in offering this amendment. This mat-
ter of headstones has been delayed too long
already. The difficulty arises with the War
Department 
Mr. UOBURN. Answer my question and
I will let you have live minutes.
Mr. STOLKitlTON. What is it?
Mr. COBURN. 1 wish to know whether
you provide lor new lettings?
Mr. SruUUiiTON. 1 do not.
Mr. COUURN. What do you propose in
reference to these advertisements?
Mr. STOITGHTON. 1 say nothing about it.
Mr. COBURN. There ought to be a full
provision about this matter, and I have pre-
pared a bill an that subject—it is ready to
be submitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs—covering the whole ground.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SfOUOllTUN. Mr. Chairman,! move
to strike out the last word. I desire to say a
single word in relation to this matter. My object
in offering this amendment is that something
shall be done. We have been talking long
enough about erecting headstones at the heads
of soldiers' graves, yet nothing has been done.
The difficulty with the War Department was
in relation to the appropriation of last, year.
They say they did not have the discretionary
power over the subject. They advertised and
hundreds of bids were made. There are men
enough who will furnish these headstonos and
furnish them -at a reasonable price. I am
informed on good authority that a nice granite
stone, eighteen or twenty inches above the
ground, with the name and rank and regiment
of the soldier on it and the date of his death,
can be had for $2 G5, or less than three dol-
lars a stone. I propose to appropriate at least
$50,000 for the purpose of commencing this
good work. I do not say what should be
done, but leave it. to the Secretary of War as
to how the money shall be expended, only
limning him to tiie amount to be paid foreaeh
headstone, I am willing the amount should
be increased to three or four dollars, but my
own opinion is that three dollars will furnish
a good, niice stone, engraved properly,'accord-
ing to the recently invented process, with the
name, rank, and date of death of the soldier
cut upon the stone by the sand-blast process.
I think we ought to take the language of this
as it stands.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not think it' great ex-
travagance in the American people to put up
a headstone the outside cost of which shall not
exceed three dollars without an advertisement.
1 have no idea of adding the cost' of publish-
ing advertisements to such a proposition.
The proposition in this case is to put a gran-
ite headstone over every soldier buried in our
national cemeteries, with his name and rank
engraved thereon, at a cost of three dollars,
or not to exceed the cost of three dollars each.
I hope the War Department will be able to get
it by some means at $2 05.
Mr. FARNSWOHTH. As there are to be
three or four hundred thousand of these
tombstones, would it not be proper, as they
are in the end to cost ft million dollars, to
publish advertisements asking for proposals,
so we may get them at the lowest possible
price, especially in view of the fact that the
War Department now advertises every old,
worn-out mnle which it has for sale; and not
only advertises it at the place where it is to
be sold, whether in Texas or any other remote
place, but also advertises it in the papers in
this District?
Mr. DICKEY. I will answer any question
the gentleman wilt put to mo, but will not
answer his speech.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Is it not the part
of wisdom, when we propose to appropriate
a million of dollars for these tombstones, to
advertise for the lowest bidder?
Mr. DICKEY. I have already stated I do
not yield for a speech. There are three or
four hundred-thousand of them in the national
cemeteries, known and unknown dead soldiers
buried there, and three dollars apiece for tomb-
stones to put over their graves is not I think
extravagance on the part of this House ; and
that is all 1 have to say.
Mr. FARNSWOHTH. It will certainly
save money to advertise for proposals.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the pending paragraph.
Mr. STOUWHrON. I withdraw my amend-
ment for the purpose of allowing the discus-
sion to go on.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say a word about
this. The gentleman from Pennsylvania can-
not put me in antagonism to this proposition,
for if any one is the author of it recently I am
that man. I am in favor of better stones than
three dollars will purchase.
I am in favor of having competition upon a
good class of headstones. I have looked
over this whole matter; 1 have had two or
three hundred specimens sorted out last sum-
mer, and brought to the Quartei master Gen-
eral's Office, where they can be looked care-
fully over. And I say now, if any man will
look at those specimens he will see there never
was anything like fair competition in the mat-
ter. What we want to do is to go at this thing
systematically—it will cost a million or a
million and a half of dollars—and to provide!
a regular mode by which bids can be made for
any amount. Cemeteries ought to be classified,
and the various styles ought to be appointed,
so that these men who are dealing largely in
headstones can see exactly what is required
to be done. Let us have the shape, thickness,
and height of the stone, and all that sort of
thing, laid down, and not go blundering into
the business, as this amendment proposes to
do. It is an important matter, and the Secre-
tary of War has called upon Congress to legis-
late specifically in relation to it, and I have
no doubt that will be done.
I am in favor of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] if it
were specific enough. As it is, I do not see
anything that is to be gained by it. It is, as
it were, a small, trivial step.
Mr. STOUGEtTON. The objection urged
to this amendment is that it provides for no
advertisements. Now, sir, there has been one
advertisement, and I want to say here that
there have been more than five hundred appli-
cations from men to furnish thes'e headstones.
There is no difficulty about there being appli-
cations enough. There is no difficulty about
there being fair competition. There is no dif
ficulty about getting good headstones. The
difficulty has been that the Secretary of War
did not have the proper discretion in the mat-
ter. Give him the power and the authority to
go ahead and spend the money in a reasonable
way, and he will purchase these headstones,
and at least put them up in Arlington and one
or two other Cemeteries, where we can see
what is being done in this respect.
Now, the object of this amendment was to
start in this good work, and I do not think
that it needs any long bill, with restrictions,
&c. All we want is the money put in the
hands of persons who have sufficient judgment
and discretion to make the contract and set
the work going ; and that I think this amend-
ment will do.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "granite and marble"
and inserting "of such material as the Sec-
retary of War may think proper."
Mr. Chairman, I call the attention of the
committee to the fact that although this only
provides for an appropriation of $50,000 now,
it is the initiation of a measure which is to
call for annual appropriations hereafter, and
that with this small and innocent amount of
850,000, which will attract no attention, you
inaugurate here a measure which is here-
after to call for an annual appropriation, and
that will cost $2,500,000. And you are to do
this without any advertising, without inviting
any competition, without, as the chairman of
the Military Committee has well said, any well
organized or well devised scheme or plan for
these monuments."
Now, sir, I think we ought not to initiate
this matter in this way, but that we ought to
vote down this amendment, and take the bill
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, who has given this matter attention;
so that we may do this as it should be done,
deliberately, and in a manner that will give us
what we want, and at a reasonable price, such
as will insure competition. We cannot get
granite headstones that will be creditable at
three times the price here indicated. Every
gentleman knows that. You may get some
stone put up at the heads of our soldiers, but
the'y would not be creditable headstones, bear-
ing the names of the soldiers, and the regi-
ment and company to which they belonged.
And the only result of this being put in here in
this manner is that you provide for a million
or two million dollars to be appropriated here-
after, without any advertisement, without any
competition, and without any plans.
Mr. HAWLBY, of Connecticut. I think
the matter is hardly understood. I am not
quite sure that I understand it throughout
myself. Advertisements were published a
while ago, asking for bids for putting up head-
stones in the cemeteries. Now, 1 Was told
that the law did not give the War Department
sufficient, discretion in the matter.
The advertisements were so worded that
men applied in all sorts of ways and with all
possible schemes for headstones. One man
proposed to put up a wire headstone, with
some numbers or letters Hanging from it, and
the law was so made that the War Depart-
ment was obliged to take the Cheapest, which
would have been something insignificant
and disgraceful to the country. Now, I
should hardly be in favor of any amendment
limiting the War Department; for I believe
that Department is as anxious to do what is
liberal and handsome in this matter as we are.
They hive been in conference With the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs upon this Stibj^C't
and have drafted a proper bill, for there is not
