1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
a human being who is not willing to do what
is creditable as respects the memory of our
dead soldiers. It may be on full consultation
that it will be felt best to put up a large and
fine monument in each cemetery having upon
it a plate showing where each soldier is
buried, so that any one can find where John.
Smith or Thomas Brown is buried. Suppose
we put up these separate headstones of sand-
stone and granite, what will their condition
be fifty years hence ? It may be that we shall
take better care of our soldiers' graves thau
persons ordinarily do with the graves of .their
fathers and mothers, but I doubt it. I think
it is best to put up separate gravestones for
each grave, but the matter can be easily and
best settled by the War Department and the
Commitiee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to close this debate
by simply asking that the amendment be read,
and that we may have a vote upon it. The
question is a very plain one, and I ask for a
vote on it.
Mr. LYNCH. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I object to its
withdrawal. There are but eighteen more
working days of this session, and we have yet
four general appropriation bills to pass. We
shall never get through unless we limit debate.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment offered by Mr. Lynch ; and
it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "fifty" and inserting
"forty," that we may see whether the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] can
close debate in this Committee of the Whole
whenever he sees fit while other gentlemen
desire to oppose his amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. There is no amendment
pending offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania as it happens.
Mr. POTTER. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; but was not the amendment for head-
stones offered by him? -
Mr. DICKEY. It is the gentleman from
.Michigan [Mr. Stpcghton] who proposes
making this appropriation for headstones.
Mr. POTTER. I accept the correction.
Mr. Chairman, there is no subject on which
we are more likely to do injustice to the public
Treasury than on subjects connected with the
memory of the men who fell in the late war.
The sentiment we all so naturally and justly
feel on that subject is apt to close our eyes to
the impropriety, the injustice, or the extrava-
gance of any measure which purports to be
in their honor. _ ,
I have had my attention, sir, called to the
fact that the number of soldiers buried in
national cemeteries amounts to about three
hundred and eighteen thousand, and of these
one hundred and forty-seven thousand eight
hundred are not identified. Now, I ask what
headstone can be set up with advantage to
the memory of a soldier whose very name is
unknown. I can well see the advantage that
may accrue to the persons who are to furnish
such headstones, but that advantage adds
nothing to the honor or the memory of our
departed heroes. It must further be borne m
mind that the men whose names are unknown
are the men who fell upon the battle-hem.
The men whose names are known embrace
all the men who died in hospital from disease
contracted in the service, or from their own
habits of life; but the unknown men are in-
variably from those who died upon the held.
These were the men most entitled to memo-
rials ; and yet, since their ashes cannot be
identified, how can patriotism require the
particular mementoes which the amendment
provides for? ,
Take a cemetery with five or ten thousand
dead, would not one single grand monument,
which perhaps would not cost much more tba.n
the aggregate cost of that number of head-
stones be a more fitting and a more lasting
memorial to the deceased 1 On the side of such
a monument might be inscribed the names of
the dead who were known and might be stated,
also the number of the .dead who were un-
known. But these paltry headstones, which
would be like to remain in place but a short
time, would to my mind have neither the dignity
nor the value of such a common .monument as
I have suggested. For myselfl cannot regard
the amendment as either wis,e or for the honor
of the service, and therefore I offer these con-
siderations in addition to those suggested by
the gentlemen on my right, who have had such
long experience in the Army, [Mr. Cobubkt
and Mr. Haw ley, of Connecticut,] and I
agree with them that we should leave a matter
so grave as this to the deliberation and consid-
eration of that Department of the Government
to which it belongs, and which will undoubt-
edly do what is best for the country and what is
wisest for the memory of the departed soldier.
Mr. STOUGHTON. We may as well meet
this question fairly here as anywhere else. In
case a bill is brought in by the Committee on
Military Affairs, the same question will arise
that has arisen here to-day. The simple ques-
tion is whether the soldiers of the Republic
who fell upon the battle-field and those who
died in the hospital shall have their final rest-
ing place marked by some respectable kind of
tombstone. Every sentiment of justice and
every feeling of patriotism indicate that their last
resting place should be marked by something
that will carry their memory down to the future.
Now, what shall we do ? The gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] tells us that
he would erect in the center of the grave-yard
a monument perhaps, and inscribe the names
of the soldiers thereon en masse. Well, sir,
massing the soldiers upon the battle-field is
a very good thing. Massing the names of the
fallen heroes of the Republic on some vast
tablet in the center of a grave-yard will amount
to just nothing at all. Nobody will ever read
them, and it will destroy the individuality of
the soldiers whose memory we desire to pre-
serve.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. The gen-
tleman is mistaken. I did not say I was in
favor of that; I said that was one of the plans
proposed.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I know it is one of
the plans proposed. All kinds of plans are
suggested. My amendment proposes some-
thing practicable. It proposes to erect a
granite or marble headstone at every soldier's
grave, and to place upon it his name, rank,
regiment, and the date of his death. That
will be his mark in history. He is entitled to
his six feet of ground, and some monument
thereon to tell who rests beneath the turf.
What less can we do for him?
I think we should make this provision now.
If we allow this opportunity to pass without
doing this, nothing will be done this year.
The subject will go over to a new Congress
and come up as a new question. We made
an appropriation and coupled it with a pro-
vision so vague and indefinite that the^De-
partment could do nothing with it. This
proposition is something practicable. _ Pass
it, and the work will be begun. If this is not
passed, then the question will be left for years
to come where it now is.
Mr. DICKEY. The proposition now before
the Committee of the Whole as an amendment
to this bill does not come from the War De-
partment ; it is not included in the estimates
of that Department. I do hope that my mili-
tary friends on this floor, who are all very dis-
tinguished, and in whose judgment I have en-
tire confidence, will not embarrass this bill
farther by the discussion of an amendment
that is not included in the book of estimates,
that does not come from the War Department,
and that is not asked for by that Department.
For one, I am willing to vote one way or the
other 011 it.
Mr. CREBS. I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment to the amendment.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Potter to reduce from $50,000 to $40,000
the amount named in the amendment moved
by Mr. Stoughton.
1 he amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. CREBS. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to reduce the amount of the Appro-
priation from $50,000 to $35,000. In the
soldiers' cemetery at Arlington there is a tomb
in which is colLeeted the remains of some two
thousand or more soldiers whose names are
unknown. Over that tomb has been erected
by the Government of the United States a
monument that yrill stand possibly for a hun-
dred ye^rs; a monument of that kind built of
granite would probably stand there for a thou-
sand years.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen on this floor
whether it is not better to erect a monument
by the Government of the United States like
that over the remains of those soldiers whose
names are unknown, to be kept in repair by
the Government, rather than to place a head-
stone at the head of each grave with au in-
scription upon it, "Here lies the remains
of a soldier whose name is unknown ?'' In a
few years these stones will be gone ; not
even the little mound will remain to show
where the soldier has been buried. At Mound
City, in my own district, there are interred
over five thousand soldiers. The State of
Illinois has made an appropriation of $12,500
to erect a monument there, provided the Gov-
ernment will contribute an equal amount. If
the Government will appropriate $12,600,
there can be erected there in commemoration
of those five thousand soldiers a monument
that will endure longer than all the stones you
can lay at the heads of the graves of soldiers
throughout the United States. Let the name
of every soldier that is known be inscribed on
that tablet; and, if you will, let the names be
numbered ; let it be known that five thousand
soldiers who died in defense of their country
repose in that cemetery; and I am sore that
posterity will declare that the Government did
better in thus remembering those soldiers than
if you put a little stone at the head of each
grave. It is true that if we erect such a mon-
ument the men who would furnish these head
stones might not make so much money; but
the memory of the soldier would be better
perpetuated.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope that we shall have
a vote.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Crebs, it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stough-
ton's amendment.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For experimental 12-ineh rifled cannon, and test-
ing the same, $200,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the clause just read. Although con-
tained in the estimate, it has been inserted in
the bill by mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the preservation of cloth clothing and equip-
age by tbo moth and mildew-proof process, adopted
and now in use by the Wai Department, in con-
formity with the recommendation of the board of
which the Inspector General of tho Army was presi-
dent, $300,000, which shall be availablo for imme-
diate use.
Mr. DICKEY. I move fco amend the
pending paragraph so that it will read as
follows:
For the preservation of cloth, clothing, and equi-
page from moth, and mildew-proof, $200,000, which
shall be available l'or immediate use.
Mr. COBURN. I would like some informa-
tion as to the amount of cloth we have on ha^id,
so that we may understand what necessity tUere
is for expending so large an amount.
