1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
Mr. WRIGHT. Before that motior> is pat
I desire to offer a substitute tor the amend-
ment ot' the Senator from Indiana, that it may
be printed with that amendment and go with
the bill. I desire to do it at this time by con-
sent ot the Senate. As the substitute has been
very hurriedly drafted, I will read it at my desk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont withdraw his motion to
postpone the bill for the purpose of allowing
the amendment to be offered ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Cer^iuly.
Mr. WRIGHT. It occurs to me that so far
as the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana is concerned it throws the burden of
proof on the Government of the United States
in reference to the claims of insurance com-
panies. The object of my substitute is to
throw the burden of proof on the claimants,
and it is this :
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated
by this act shall be paid to insurance companies or
their representatives or assigns, until it is made
satisfactorily to appear that said companies did not
charge or receive increased premiums upon the risks
for ttie loss of which they claim compensation by
reason of the depredations on our commerce: And
provided further, that nothing shall be paid to any
person or persons receiving payment from insurance
companies except the balance remaining of such
claim after such payment.
I ask that that go with the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I renew my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves to postpone the further
consideration of the bill till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. R. No. 3255) declaring the true
meaning of a statute—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 3256) to establish a post
road—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 3257) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire into
depredations on the frontiers of the State of
Texas—to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 3183) to authorize the
examination of certain banks—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
schooner n. j. miller.
The bill (H. R. No. 3259) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the English-built, wrecked
schooner N. J. Miller was read twice by its
title.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to allow
that bill to pass now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why?
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senate will hear me
for a moment, I will state the case precisely
as it is. I have conferred with the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, who has ex-
amined the papers. The law now provides
that if a foreign vessel is wrecked within
American waters, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall issue an American register to the
owner at three fourths of its new value as con-
stituted in the rebuilding. This vessel was
wrecked just outside the line, coming within
the equities of the rule in every particular,
debarred from it only baeause it was wrecked
outside the maritime league. She is repaired,
she is loaded, she wants to go to sea, and is a
bill of expense to the owner. Every day she
lies there is just so much additional expense.
I hope the Senate will consent to pass the bill
at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Putting in my prot^t
against this way of doing business about giv-
ing American registers to foreign bottoms i
without a careful investigation and a written j
report, I certainly with pleasure take the word |
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 20.
of my friend from Maine, and make no objec-
tion to this bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It author
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register or enrollment to the Eng-
lish-built schooner N. J. Miller, which
schooner was wrecked, towed into an Ameri-
can port, and sold to and owned by an Ameri-
can citizen.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 9) extending the time for the pre-
sentation and selection of models of a colossal
statue of the late Admiral Farragut.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 3248) to amend the
one hundred and thirty-third and one hundred
and thirty-fourth sections of an act approved
June 8, 1872, entitled "An act to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
the Post Office Department."
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 3248) to amend the one hun-
dred and thirty - third section of an act approved-
June 8, 1872, entitled "An act to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to
the Post Office Department;" and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, com-
municating additional information regarding
a quarantine system for the southern and Gulf
coasts; which was referred to the Committee
on Commence, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, recommending the
abandonment of the military reservation at
Fort Ransom, Dakota Territory; which was
j referred to the Committee on Military Affars,
and ordered to be printed.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. CORBETT submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2S89) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year, ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee
, on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
; A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No.
616) to release to the State of Indiana the
lands known as the bed of Beaver lake, in
Newton county, in said State.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No. 170)
to enable the people of the United States to
participate in the advantages of the interna-
tional exposition to be held in Vienna in 1873 ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) extending the
time for the presentation and selection of
models of a colossal statue of the late Admiral
Farragut; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
house bill referred.
Thejoint resolution (H. R. No.170) to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the international exposi-
tion to be held in Vienna in 1873, was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I move now that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 2989, being the Indian appropriation
bill. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not de-
sire to come in contact with my friend from
Minnesota, but I wish to ask that Senate bill
No. 693 and amendments be postponed to
and made the special order for the 9th of
January at one o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I am compelled to
object, as I have done already, to making all
special orders; and, in order that I may not
be called upon to do it in particular cases
hereafter, I wish to say now that I will object
whenever I hear such a proposition made, to
making any bill a special order and settiug it
down for a special day, until I see the appro-
priation bills further advanced than they are
now. I know of nothing in the procedure of
the Senate which entangles us and embarrasses
us more often than special orders, and uni-
formly so when they occur in the early part
of the session. Therefore I must object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota to proceed to the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
h Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it necessary that
♦,here should be an executive session this
afternoon, and I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WINDOM. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont to withdraw his motion, that
1 may make a motion for a recess, in order
to consider the Indian appropriation bill to-
night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not withdraw my
, motion.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator trom
1 Vermont.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 27, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
I Cooper, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
■ necticut. Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite,
' Hitchcock, Morton, Norwood, Ransom. Saulsbury,
| Schurz, Scott, Stevenson, Thurman, Vickers, and
Wright,—27.
i NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Ferry of
Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan,
| Howe, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice. Sherman. Spencer,
Stewart, Trumbull, West, and Windom—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, B"re-
man, Brownlow. Cragin. Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hill, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Ma-
chen, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Sprague. Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
and Wilson—26.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of execu-
tive business. After one hour and eight min-
utes spent in executive session, the doors wer#
reopened, and (at four o'clock and forty-four
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 19, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
monetary stringency.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
offer for present consideration the following
preamble and resolution :
Whereas a monetary stringency prevails at the
financial center, to tbo f embarrassment of
