306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
legitimate business, ud the injury of trade; and
whereas it is commonly reported that this stringency !
is largely due to tho locking up of gold and cur-
rency by unlawful combinations of individuals and
corporate institutions acting under foreign charter:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be directed to inquire whether suoh un-
lawful combinations exist, and, if so, what legisla-
tion is necessary to prevent them hereafter, with
power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. HOAR. I would suggest that tiie lan-
guage should be "whereas it is alleged."
Mr. WOOD. I accept that modification,
i The preamble and resolution as modified
were agreed to.
TESTIMONY IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. McCRARY. Yesterday morning I was
cut off from having considered all tbe amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1048) supplemental to and amendatory of an
act entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions," approved February 19, 1851. Sereral
of those amendments had been agreed to, and
one only remains to be considered.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire concurrence in that amendment?
Mr. McCRARY. I do.
The SPEAKER. The remaining amend-
ment not considered'yesterday will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 2, at the end of line fourteen, insert these
words:
And shall subscribe such indorsement. Upon the
written request of either party, tie Clerk of the
House of Representatives shall open any deposi-
tion at any time alter he shall have received the
same, and he may furnish either party with a copy
thereof.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
L088 or KBVENUB STAMi'd.
Mr. MBRRIAM. I am instructed by tbe
Committee on Banking and Currency to offer
the following resolution, and ask .unanimous
consent for its consideration at this time:
Resolved, That a committee of two be appointed
by the Speaker to examine into the causes of the
loss of revenue stamps from the Assistant Treasurer's
office in New York, and report to this House.
Mr. Speaker, it is a matter of public noto-
riety that during an examination into the affairs
of tbe Assistant Treasurer'sofficein New York
last September there was discovered an em-
bezzlement in the stamp division, under James
1. Johnson, exceeding $185,000. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury in his annual report rec-
ommends the passage of a law relieving the
Assistant Treasurer, Mr. Hillhonse, from re-
sponsibility of the defalcation. While I have
implicit confidence in the integrity and fidelity
of tbe officers of the Treasury Department, I
do not feel that we can justify ourselves before
the country in voting to relieve the chief offi-
cer of any department of Government from re-
sponsibility of defalcation in his department,
simply upon a report by the officers of his
department. This examination can be made
during the coming recess, and I respectfully
recommend it,
Mr. • HOLM.AN. I would suggest that the
number of the committee be three.
Mr. MERRIAM. I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The ordinary mode is to
have an odd namber of members on a com-
mittee, and it is always better that there
should be,
Tbe resolution as modified was agreed to.
LOOKING DP CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Banking
and Currency, presented a report on the reso-
lution of the House of April 8,1872, direoting
the Committee on Banking and Currency " to
investigate any national bank alleged to be
engaged in a conspiracy to lock up currency
with a view to producing a money panic, with
power to send for persons and papers," accom-
panied by a bill (H. R. No.  ) to prevent
the reduction of national currency by fraud-
ulently withdrawing United States legal-tender
notes from circulation ; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed and recommitted to the same
committee.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Can this bill be brought
back by a motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer
the gentleman's inquiry, and it is well that the
House should understand the point. A bill
referred on the motion of an individual mem-
ber, not representing a committee, cannot be
brought back by a motion to reconsider. But
a bill reported by a committee may be.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on tKe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. w. DANTZ.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was j
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be author-
ized and directed to pay to Henry Dantz, the father
of W. W. Dantz.an employg of this House, killed
recently on the Pennsylvania railroad, the amount
of salary that was due to the said W. W. Dantz for
£he month of November, 1872; and that there be '
also paid to tho said Henry Dantz out of the con-
tingent fund of the House an amount equal to three ,
months' salary of the said W. W. Dantz. I
PORT ST. PHILIP CANAL
Mr. SYPHER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolution, unanimously
adopted by the national commercial conven-
tion at St. Louis, December 12, 1872; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce: j
Retolted, That this committee do most earnestly '
recommend to the Congress of the United States the
appropriation of such a sum of money as may be
necessary for the immediate construction of the
Fort St. Philip canal.
MONONGASCU. RIVER.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution | which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, requested, at the earliest day practicable, to
famish to this House a oopy of Major W. B. Mer-
rill's report recently made of the progress during the
year 1872 of the work of improving the navigation
of the Monongahela between New Geneva, in Penn-
sylvania, and Morgantown, in West Virginia; and
of the survey and location for locks and dams upon
the said river.
REPORTS k'ROM MILITARY COMMITTEE.'
Mr. COBURN. I desire to have some
future day set for the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Military Affairs. There
are quite a number of bills before that com-
mittee, in relation to bounties, for tbe pur-
chase of ground for forts in Texas, and for
various measures of a general character. It
will certainly take one day to dispose of the
business of that committee. I therefore ask
that the 22d of January next be assigned for
the consideration of reports from that com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. That day has already
been assigned. The 21st, 22d, and 23d of
January are all assigned.
Mr. COBURN. Then I will ask that the
assignment be made for the 29tR of January,
from the hour of two o'clook.
Mr, PERCE. I feel that I am obliged to
object to the assignment of special days in
this way, because it operates unfairly upon
other committees who have reports to make.
The SPEAKER. It is for members of the
House to judge of the relative importance
of the several measures in question. It is a
matter only of judgment and general consent.
Mr. PERCE. Then, if it requires unani-
mous consent, I object peremptorily.
PBPJtBDATJOKS ON FRONTIER OK TEXAS.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions a bill (H. R. No. 3257) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire into
depredations on the frontier of the State of
Texas \ which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates as
follows to meet the expenses of the commis-
sion appointed under jowtreselutiou, approved
May 7, 1872, to inquire into depredations on
the frontiers of the State of Texas:
For salaries and traveling expenses of three com-
missioners, $12,390.
For salaries of seoretary and translator, at $1,800
each, $3,600.
For traveling expenses of the secretary and the
translator, $1,500.
For contingent expenses of the commission, $1,000.
The bill farther provides that the work of said
commission shall be completed within the cur-
rent fiscal year, and that at the termination of
said year the said commission shall cease.
Mr. HALE. I will simply say to the House
that this bill is reported now in order that the
services of this commission may be completed
within the present fiscal year. It has been
found upon examination that that ean be
done. I will Btate to the House that it will
be a saving of money to pass this bill, becanse
the Committee on Appropriations will thereby
be enabled to strike out from the appropria-
tions for the next fiscal year an amount larger
than this bill proposes to appropriate. Ihe
commission is now at work, and it will be
cheaper to go on and finish it than to let it
go over and begin again. The matter has
been thoroughly investigated by the commit-
tee, who heard all sides, and this-is believed
to be a necessary measure,
Mr. HOLMAN. What appropriation was
made for this purpose at the last session?
Mr. HALE. The sum of $6,000. The
commissioners were appointed ana went out
there and used op that sum, not in exta and
extravagant expenses, but for their necessary
expenses at Brownsville, where they have
been, which I will say were very cheap and
reasonable. This bill ia to wind up the busi-
ness.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me ask the gentleman
from Maine bow the $6,000 are to be ex-
pended, bowmuchon salaries and how much on
mileage ? I wish to know where the division
takes place.
Mr. HALE. It is mainly for salaries.
Mr. HOLMAN. We are not able to dis-
tinguish what is for mileage and what is for
8&l&ri68
Mr. HALE. I will read for the benefit of
the House, and as an answer to the gentle-
man's inquiry the manner in whioh this ap-
propriation has been expended. For sala-
ries of commissioners, $4,260 5 for expenses
of travel of commissioners to October 10,1872,
$1,558 80; and for stationery, advertising,
and recorder's expenses to December 5,1872,
$181 70, making $6,000, which exhausts the
appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. With the permission of
the gentleman from New York, I will state
that this commission have procured evidence
to the extent of $30,000,000 of depredations
committed across the Mexican border in Texas.
The Mexican Government have organized a
commission on their «ide of the line to take
testimony of depredations committed by Ameri-
can ekizens or Texans in Mexico since this
commission organized, and are endeavoring
to make an amouut of claims against this Gov-
ernment in excess of those deprepations their,
citizens have committed on us, and asamatter
o&permanent record this ought to be obtained,
for it may figure hereafter on some great ques-
tion to arise between us and our neighboring
republic of Mexico. It can be completed for
this sum, and it ought to be completed, as it
