1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3929) for the relief of the Atlantic Works
of Boston, Massachusetts; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
reduction of taxation.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3930) declaratory
of the meaning of an act entitled "An act to
reduce the duties on imports, and to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 6, 1872; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.'
monument at newbcrg.
Mr. St. JOHN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 194)
granting condemned cannon for a monument
at Washington's headquarters at Newburg,
New York ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
prize proceedings.
Mr. DODDS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3931) to amend sec-
tion thirty-two of the act entitled "An act to
regulate prize proceedings, and the distribution
of prize money, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 30, 1869 ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mary paddock.
Mr. DIINNELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3932) granting a
pension to Mary Paddock ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812, and ordered to be printed.
culture op forest trees.
Mr. LOWE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3933) to promote the
culture of forest treesin Kansas and Colorado;
which was read a first and second time, refer-
red to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
indian depredations in kansas.
Mr. LOWE also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
ot the State of Kansas, asking for the sup-
pression of Indian outrages and payment for
Indian depredations; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. LOWE also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Kansas, asking for the relief
of settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
jort harker reservation.
Mr. LOWE also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Kansas, praying for the dona-
tion to the State of Kansas of Port Harker
reservation for the purpose of an industrial
normal school; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
leavenworth street railway.
Mr LOWE also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. B. No. 3934) granting
the right of way to the Leavenworth Street
Railway Company through the Port Leaven-
worth military reservation ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
a. s. m'oomber-
Mr. HIBBARD, bv unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Patents, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 3935) for the relief of A. fc>.
McComber; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, recommitted to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
medical and surgical history of the war.
Mr. SPEER, by unanimous consent, sub;
mitted the following concurrent resolution;
which was referred, under the law. to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That there be printed fifteen
hundred additional copies of the Medical and
Surgical History of the War, five hundred of which
shall be for the use of the Senate and one thousand
for the use of tho House.
new york sub-treasury.
Mr. MERRIAM, by unanimous consent,
submitted a report from the special committee
appointed by the House to investigate the
losses of stamps in the sub-Treasury at New
York; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by whicu the report was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james 0. cook.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 393G) for the relief
of James C. Cook ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
leave to print.
Mr. BRIGHT asked and obtained leave to
print in the Globe some remarks on the re-
funding of the cotton tax. [See Appendix.]
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Dueli, for four days.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the case of R. H. Bishop.
On motion of Mr. DODDS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the Committee of Claims the
papers in the case of Jeremiah Darling.
reprinting of a bill.
On motion of Mr. PRICE, by unanimous
consent, it was ordered that House bill No.
157, reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, be reprinted.
mail contracts.
Mr. McKlNNEY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Senohed, That the Postmaster General be, and is
hereby, directed to inform this House what contracts
are in force for carrying the mails from NewOrleans
to Key West and Havana, how much is paid for
such services, the amount of postal receipts result-
ing from the same, and under what laws said con-
tracts were made; s*lso what contract exists for
carrying the mail by water between Washington
city and Norfolk, Vir&inia.the amount paid on such
contract, tho amount of postal receipts over that
route, and under what law the contract was made;
also to state the entire amount paid within the past
four years for carrying the mail by water between
Baltimore and Key West, the amount of the postal
receipts on that route during that time, and under
what contract and under what law said service is
performed; how many tripsperannum are made on
each of said routes, and what bids were made and
refused for carrying the mails on each ot the routes
before named within the past four years.
army bill.
Mr COBURN. by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R- No. 3937) to amend an
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for^the year'end-
ing June 30, 1870," approved March 3, 186J ;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
order of business.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being called for, the first question ia
upon the motion of the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Blair,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Claims, that, the House now take a
recess until half past seven o'clock. Thp
House on Saturday last, by unanimous con-
sent, ordered that there should be a session
to-night for the consideration of the reports
from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STORM. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. YOUNG. If the motion to adjourn is
adopted, will not that revoke the order of the
House for a session to-night for the consider-
ation of business reported from the Commit-
tee of Claims?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to,
upon a division—ayes 37, noes 68.
The question recurred upon, the motion for
a recess.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I wish to notify gen-
tlemen now that I shall attend the session of
the House to-night, and I will raise a point
of order upon every bill that it is proposed to
pass which contains a single dollar of appro-
priation, and have it referred to the Committee
of the Whole and placed on the Private Cal-
endar. These night sessions are never attended
by members.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman, then, withdraw his objection to the pro-
position that the hour of daily meeting of the
House shall be eleven o'clock a. m.? .
Mr. CROSSLAND. I will do so, if nothing
more is said during this session about night
sessions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I renew
my proposition, that on and after Thursday
next the hour of daily meeting of this House
be eleven o'clock a. m. _
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Objection was tnadeby several members.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion that the House now take a recess till
half past seven o'clock. The session of to-
night, by order of the House, is for the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee of
Claims. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Scofield, will occupy the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
The motion for a recess was then agreed to;
and accordingly (at four o'clock and thirty-
five minutes p. m.) the House took a recess
till seven o'clock aud thirty miuutes p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
assembled at half-past seven p. m., Mr. Sco-
field in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House, the session to-night is for the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee of
Claims.
jurisdiction of claims commission.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3938) to amend an act therein named; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upou ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
words "stores and supplies," in section two
of the act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1872, and for other purposes, and the acts
amendatory thereof, shall be construed and
held to include potatoes and tobacco taken by
competent authority for the use of the Army or
Navy, and rent of houses and buildings so
taken and used; and the commissioners of
claims are authorized to hear and determine
all such claims in the same manner and with
like effect as though, the act had originally
embraced this provision.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. After a great
