1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
will furnish the basis of very important inform-
ation to the Government of the United States
hereafter.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand these
items are n commended by the Secretary of
State?
Mr. HALE. They are all recommended
by the Secretary of State, and he also has an
estimate that the work could not be completed
in another j ear without $25,500. An investi-
gation has shown that can be saved, and I
have put a provision into the bill that this
work shall cease on the expiration of the
year ; so we are iu reality by the passage of
this measure saving money to the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Marylaud [Mr. Swank] will be able to
strike out $21,000 from the foreign and
diplomatic apppropriation bill if this passes.
Mr. TAFFE. I should like to inquire
whether this investigation has been confined
to bona fide citizens of Mexico and of this
Government, and whether Indians have been
included who are not regarded as citizens of
either Government ?
Mr. HALE. The commissioners were taking
into investigation the depredations on the Mexi-
can borders by the Indians above. That is a
thing we have not to do with now. Thus far
nothing has been done in reference to the dep-
redations mentioned by the gentleman from
Nebraska', because the commission has not
goue far enough.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. SWANN, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3258)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic services of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1874; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made a special order
immediately after the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
n. j. miller.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 3259) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue an American register to
the English-built schooner N.J. Miller; which
wax read a first and secor.d time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
register or enrollment to the English-built
schooner N. J. Miller, which was wrecked,
towed into an American port, sold to and now
owned by an American citizen.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, Elnd passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKDKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole to resume the consideration of
the special order. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] consents to take his
morning hour as soon as this bill i3 out of the
way. It is desirable to have this bill finished
that it may not continue to interrupt the call
of committees.
Mr. PERCE. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will indicate the
time when he can get his bill out of the way,
I have no objection. I desire to have the
regular work of the House go on; and the i
manner iu which business is being conducted
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations is thrusting aside every other com-
mittee in order that his committee may move
on. I believe that if the House will declare
that the regular morning hour shall be had,
so that committees can report, we shall get
through in time with all the appropriation
bills as well as the other important business
of the House. With this view I am laboring
for the rgular order of business.
Mr. DAWES. In connection with what
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce]
says, I wish to remark that it is perfectly
apparent that the business of this session can
never be got through with unless the regular
order is called immediately after the reading
of the Journal. In view of the necessities of
this short session, I trust that no member will
regard it as ungracious if some o£ us hereafter
insist upou a call for the regular order from
the moment the Journal is read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has often ex-
pressed his belief that every member on this
floor would get the largest possible measure of
favor' in the transaction of business by an ab-
solute adherence to the regular order. If no
request for unanimous consent were granted
from the opening of the session till its close,
business would be expedited. As the Chair
understands, the regular order is demanded.
The first question is upon the motion of the
gentleman from.Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that
the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
report from a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. That would override the
regular order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I "desire to make what I
believe to be a privileged motion. I wish to
move to reconsider the vote by which the
House yesterday limited to one hour the de-
bate upon the last section of the deficiency
appropriation bill. I trust that the gentleman
who has charge of the bill 
The SPEAKER. On which side did the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] vote?
Mr. HOLMAN. If the yeas and nays were
called, I voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER. They were called; and
the Clerk informs the Chair that the gentle-
man's vote is recorded in the negative. The
gentleman, therefore, cannot move to recon-
sider.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the motion to reconsider is not
in order at this time, inasmuch as the order
of the House has been in part executed. It
! would be a great wrong upon those who have
been obliged, on the debate already had, to
vote on amendments if 
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair would over-
rule that view of the case, because the prece-
dents are the other way ; but at the same time
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
cannot make the motion. The pending motion
is that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole; but pending that, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
rises to a question of the highest privilege—
the presentation of a conference report.
j bhd of bbavett lakh, indiana.
I Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think this
1 report will cause any debate. If it does, I will
; withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two IIou«es nn Senate bill No. 616. en-
titled "An net to release to the State of Indiana
the lands known as the bed of Beaver Lake, in New-
ton eounty, in said State," report:
That they have met, and after full and free con-
ference have agreed to report, and do report to
their respective Houses, as follows :
That the House recede from its amendment to
the said bill of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment:
Insert after the word "Lake" in tho second line
these words: "the same having been drained and
reclaimed at the expense ot' the State of Indiana and
its assignee;"and the Senate ai;ree to the same.
JAMES N. TYNER,
J. F. FARNS WORTH,
JAMES 11. SLATER,
Managers on the part of the House,
D. D. PRATT.
S. G. POMEROY,
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
December 16,1872.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. There
is a desire upon the part of several members
of the House to debate that report. It is a
new case in the history of our legislation with
regard to the public lands, and I think the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] had
better withdraw the report for the present.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not suppose,
Mr. Speaker, that the report would occasion
any debate, but I will withdraw it.
order of business.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask unanimous consent
that when the House meets to-morrow it meet
for debate only.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
deficiency bill.
Mr. MANSON. I move to reconsider the
vote whereby the House yesterday agreed to
I limit the debate on the pending paragraph of
the deficiency appropriation bill to one hour.
1 Mr. ELDREDGE. I move to lay the amo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion, and I ask for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered ; and
the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question recurred upon the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holmah, and
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 95, noes 29.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The question was put on ordering the yeas
and nays ; and there were—ayes 22, noes 87.
So (one fifth of those present voting in the
affirmative) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
jn the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 33, not
voting 85; as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill, Banks,
I Barber, Erasmus W. Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird,
I Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Buffinton, Roderick R.
: Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton,
Critcher, Davis, Dawes, Donnan, DuBose, Duell,
Dunnell, Karnes, Bidredge, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garfield, Getz, Griffith, Hale, Hancock. Har-
mer, Harper. George E. Harris, John B. Hawley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Ilazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton. Kelley,
i Kendall, Ketcham, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport,
' Lansing, Leach. Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, MeOrew,
i McJunkin, McKee, McKinney, Merriam, Monroe,
i: Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Neglcy, Niblack,
I! Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Fi'iker,
; Peck, Perce, Perry, Peters, Poland, Porter. Pries,
;; Ramey, Ellis H. Roberts, John Rogers, Sion II.
Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stoughton, St. John, Swann, Sypher,
Taffe, Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tut-
hill, Twiehell, Upson, Voorhees, Wakeman, WhI-
dron, Wallace, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Wood, and Young—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Beatty,
James B. Beck, Bell, James G. Blair, Bright, Bui-
chard, Comingo, Dox, Farnsworth, Forker, Oiddini-'s,
!! Ilandley, Hay, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Lewis,
I Manson, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mi-
ll Intyre, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers. Morgan, Mor-
1 phis. Read, Speer, Whitthorne, and Winchester—33.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Barnum, B;irry,
Beveridge, Bigby, Austin Blair, Brooks, Buckley,
Burdetr. Benjamin F. Butler. Caldwell, Cain '!'Mf.
Carroll, Clarke, Conner. Cox, Crebs,Creely. Ci'<>ek< i,
Crossland, Darrall, De Large, Dickey, Dodds. l>uke,
• Elliott, Ely, Esty, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, ! I -
dotnan, Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks, John T. !i; rr-,
Havens. Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Kellogt:, iiit-
linger. King. Mavnard, McCrary, McNeely, Mitch-
ell, Jiosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Piatt, i'ottw,
