1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
300
The SPEAKER. The other amendment
will be considered as concurred in.
The question being taken on Mr. Holjian's
amendment, it was agreed to—ayes 77, noes
53.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill; and being put, there were—ayes 94,
noes 33.
Mr. FARNSWORTH and Mr. AMBLER
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the roll is called,
I ask the Clerk to read the rule which I send
to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
" No member shall rote on any question in the
•vent of which he is immediately interested."
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it proper for me to
move that gentleman who are interested in
property relieved from taxation by this bill
shall be excused from voting ?
The SPEAKER. Doesthegentleman indi-
cate Any particular member ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Then it is a matter in
the court of conscience for each member.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope it will be so under-
stood.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask if there
is a man in the United States, who is a citizen
thereof, who is not interested as part owner
of the public property here, and if, therefore,
according to the interpretation of the gentle-
man from Indiana, anybody whatever conld
vote on the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot detain
the roll call by raling on abstract questions.
Mr. SARGENT rose.
The SPEAKER. If there be a personal
point presented the Chair will promptly rule
ui>on it.
Mr. SARGENT. The question I wish to
ask is if the same rule does not apply as in
the case of persons paying taxes in Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois, holding seats on this floor,
voting a large gratuity to those States ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair never answers
a question based on a hypothetical case.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 109, nays 45, not voting 87 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Banks, Barry, Erasmus
YY. Bf-ck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Boarman, Brax-
ton, Buffinton, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Cobb,
Cuchlan, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Dawes, Dnell,Duke,
bunriell, Eames, El dredge, Farwell, Forker, Charles
IVter, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Get!!,
Griffith, Hale, Hancock, Harmer, Harper, George
E. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph K. Hawley,
Gerry W. Haielton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kendall, Ketcham,
Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lowe,
Lynch, Maynard, McGrew, McJunkin, McKee,Mo-
Kinney, Merrick, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Ni black, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Perry, Peters, Poland,
Porter, Price, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, John Rog-
ers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Slocum, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, St. John, Swann, Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Twichell, Upson,
Voorhees, Wakeman, Wallace, Wheeler. Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Barber, Beatty, James B. Beck, Bell, Aus-
tin Blair, James G. Blair, Bright, Burchard, Cross-
land, Davis, Donnau, Box, Farnsworih, Finkeln-
burg, Handley, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, llolman,
Kerr, King. Lewis, Marshall, McClelland, McCrary,
McHenry,Mclntyre, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan,Read, John M. Rice, Robinson, Shoemaker,
Speer, Terry, Waldron, Whitthorne, Willard. and
Winchester—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Averill, Barnum, Bever-
idge, Bigby, )<oteF, Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Co-
burn, Comingo, Conner, Crebs, Creely, Ci it hcr,
Crocker, Darrall, De Large, Dickey, Dodds, DuBose,
Elliott, Ely, Esty, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett, Gid-
dings, Golladay, Goodrich, Haldeman, Halsey, Ham-
bleton, Hanks, John T. Harris, Havens, Hays,
Herndon, Kellogg, Killinger, Manson, McCormick,
McNeely, Mitchell. Moore, Morphis, Hosea W.
Parker, Pendleton, Piatt, Potter, Prindle, Ran-
dall, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Rob-
erts, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Seeiey, Shellabarger, Sho-
ber. Sinter, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tyner,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Walden, Walls,
Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Williams of New York,
John T.Wilson, and Young—87.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAMISON said: On,this bill I am
paired with Mr. Waddell, of North Carolina,
who if present would vote "ay," and I would
vote "no."
Mr. MANSON. I am paired with Mr.
Barntjm, of Connecticut, who if here would
vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. McCLELLAND. I desire to announce
that Mr. Ritchie is paired on this bill with
Mr. Harris, of Virginia. If they were present
Mr. Ritchie would vote "ay," and Mr. Har-
ris would vote "no."
Mr. CRITCHER. I am paired with Mr.
McCormick, of Missouri, who if present would
vote "no," and I would vote "ay."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bbd Of beavbr lake.
Mr. FARNSWORTH presented the follow-
ing report; which was read:
The oommittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 616, enti-
tled " An act to release to the State of Indiana the
lands known as the bed of Beaver lake, in Newton
county, in said State," report:
That they have met, and after full and free con-
ference have agreed to report, and do report, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its amendment to the
said bill of the Senate and agree to the same, with
the following amendment, namely : Insert after the
word " lake," in the second line, these words: " the
same having been drained and reclaimed at the ex-
pense of the State of Indiana and its assignees;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
JAMES N.TYNER,
J. F. FARNSWORTH,
JAMES H. SLATER,
Managers on the part of the Rov.se.
D. D. PRATT,
S. C. POMEROY,
E. CASSERLY,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make this report
for the chairman of the conferees on the part
of the House, who is absent. The report is
unanimous, agreed to by all the conferees of
both Houses. The circumstances are sub-
stantially and briefly these: at the time of the
survey of the Government lands in the State
of Indiana the surveyors found what was
termed Beaver lake, a body of water cover-
ing an area of some fourteen or fifteen thou-
sand acres, and being from four to nine or
ten feet deep. The surveyors did not survey
the area covered by that lake, but as is usual
in such cases brought their surveys down to
the margin of the lake.
Afterward the margin of the lake passed to
the State of Indiana under the act in regard
to swamp lands, the land on the margin hav-
ing been surveyed by the Government of the
United States. Had the lake been of suffi-
cient value, or been so regarded by the sur-
veyor, to have been surveyed, and if it had
been surveyed, it also would have passed to the
State of Indiana under that swamp act. And
my impression is that if it could be surveyed
now by the Government, it would pass to the
State of Indiana under that act.
At all events some enterprising gentlemen
in Indiana took it into their heads that if they
owned the margin or borders of the lake, then
as riparian proprietors they would own the
land covered by this water. So they pur-
chased from the State the lands which imme-
diately surrounded the lake. Then the State,
under the swamp act, proceeded to drain the
swamp lands on the border of the lake, with
the assistance of these men who had bought
lands of the State, and who spent some of
their own money also. Upon a survey, it was
discovered that this lake was some twenty
feet or thereabouts above Kankakee river,
which flows by some four or five miles distant.,
So they went to work and dug a ditch to the
river, which drained this lake. For the pur-
pose of draining the swamp lands around,
other lateral ditches were dug flowing into the
lake. From time to time this principal ditch
to the river was widened and deepened, so
that eventually it drained this Beaver lake to
the extent of some three or four thousand
acres.
There was some litigation. Some person
squatted upon an island out into the lake,
and one of the parties who owned about the
margin brought suit to dispossess him. That
suit was maintained, the court in Indiana
before which it was brought holding that, a3
a riparian owner, the party owning the land
on the margin did own to the center. That
case, however, was never taken up to a higher
court.
One of these proprietors—one of the men
who claimed to own about half of the bed of
this lake—became indebted to the State of
Indiana, and finally judgment was rendered
against him and this property was sold upon
execution. The title was eventually made
over to the State of Indiana in discharge of
the indebtedness of this man, amounting to
some nine or ten thousand dollars. The
State of Indiana then sold, in lots or parcels
to different persons, the land thus acquired,
for which the State realized about $1 25 per
acre, the land being sold, I think, in forty-
acre lots. In this way the State realized from
this sale the amount for which it took the
land, some nine or ten thousand dollars.
The party who claimed to own the other
portion of the land sold it to various parties,
and the State of Indiana has been collecting
taxes from those parties ever since. I have
here a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior giving a list of the conveyances that have
been made.
I am asked by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] to state the present con-
dition of the land, whether it is occupied. It
is occupied by houses, pastures, cornfields,
&c., owned by the different persons who have
acquired a title in the manner I have stated,
either by purchase from the State of Indiana
or from the party who claimed to own the
other half—one of those original enterprising
gentlemen.
Some one hundred and thirty seven deeds
I believe have been made, as appears from
the records of the State, those deeds covering
various lots into which this tract has been
divided. Some portion of the bed of the lake
became valuable when it was drained ; for the
soil was rich j the lake had been a great resort
for fishermen, duck-shooters, &c., and it was
rich in the deposits of the fish-pond and the
duck-pond. There were other and quite ex-
tensive portions on what had been the margin
of the lake, which were merely a sand-bar
and of no value; and they are of no value to-
day.
This, I believe, is in brief the condition of
the case. These parties now come here, and
ask to have their titles quieted in some way.
They have been troubled by some other enter-
prising gentlemen. One such, residing I think
in Chicago, has taken it into his head that he
can sell out preemption rights. And there
have been various attempts to squat upon these
cornfields and pastures and to obtain preemp-
tion. That was, however, prevented ; the
Secretary of the Interior has decided that the
land is not subject to preemption, never having
been surveyed by the Government.
A bill passed the Senate last year providing
for a release by the General Government to the
State of Indiana of this bed of Beaver lake,
leaving the State to settle the matter between
these various claimants and the possessors of
the land. The House amended the bill by
a substitute providing that the Government
should go on to survey and sell the land,
giving to the persons in possession priority of
right to purchase at $1 25 an acre. This
