1373.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1278
Congress ought to allow rent of houses. But
if we open the door generally to that class of
claims, then wherever the Army occupied a
village for a week or a month, pretty nearly all
the* houses in that village, it will be found,
will be brought before the commission with
the claims for rental during the whole time of
occupation by the Army. I think that is a
dangerous element to bring into the case.
There would be no end to the number of
claims brought up of that class. I hope the
gentleman will allow the amendment I suggest
to be offered, and I hope also that the House
will agree to it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I think the
House understand the question- just as well as
they would after farther debate, and I move
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments.
Mr. RITCHIE: Will the gentleman allow
me to make a few remarks?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I think not.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was first on Mr.
Hale's amendment to strike out the words,
" and rent of houses and buildings so taken
and used."
The question being put on the amendment
there were—ayes 39, noes 55; no quorum
V°The' SPEAKER pro tempore. Is further
count insisted on ?
Mr. HALE. I insist on further count.
This is a matter of so much importance that I
do not feel willing to let it go without a vote
of the House upon it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Then I will
withdraw the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman cannot
withdraw the bill. It is too late.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. _ Is there
objection to the bill being recommitted to the
Committee on Claims?
Mr. COBB. I object. .
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I rise to a
question of order. I think I have right to
withdraw the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not alter
the previous question has been seconded and
the main question is ordered on it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. As to the pro-
posed withdrawal of the bill, I want to say a
word. I am in favor of the bill and against
the amendment. And if the object is to with-
draw the bill and take up other bills and
pass them without a quorum, I must object.
I am not hostile to the bill, but we must either
have a quorum, or else we shall do no busi-
n6?he SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum
having voted on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] the Chair will
order tellers, and appoints the gentleman
from Michigan, Mr. Blair, and the gentle-
man from Maine, Mr. Hale.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 24, noes 61 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that
there be a call of the House._ I do no'."1!"*
that some gentlemen should insist «
us here for an evening session, and then stay
aWThethquestion being put on the mot^g°2f
Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, there were—ayes 0/,
B°Mr? KILLINGER. I call for tellers.
Tellers wete not ordered, only fifteen voting
therefor, not one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
DaOn ordering the yeas and nays, there were-
ayes thirty-eight.
So the yeas and nays were ordeied.
Mr. DOX. I move that the House do now
adiMr.rnHAWLEY, of Connecticut. I hope
the House will not adjourn. Let us have
call, and let the members be brought here.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Dox, there were—ayes 34, noes 51.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question of
order. Were not the yeas and nays ordered
on the motion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The yeas
and nays were ordered, not on the motion to
adjourn, but on the motion for a call of the
House.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us have the yeas
nays on the motion to adjourn.
Several Members. Too late.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, that there be a call
of the House; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 51, nays 71, not voting 118;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Barry, Beatty,
James B. Beck, Bell. Bird, Braxton, Caldwell, Co-
mingo, Criteher, Davis, Dodds, Dunnell, Finkeln-
burg, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett, (ietz, Giddings,
Golladay, Hancock, Harper, Geotge E. Harris,
Herndon. Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Lamport, Man-
son, McClelland, McOormick, Merriam, Moore,
Silas L. Niblaek, Orr, Porter, Edward Y. ltice,
Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Slater, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, lerry,
Wallace, Warren, and Wells—51. .
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Austin Blair,
James (J. Blair, Bright, Buckley. Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Burdett, Roderiok E. Butler, Cobb, Coburu,
Conger, Cotton, Crebs, Crossland, Dox, DuBoso,
Duke, Barnes, Elliott, Charles Foster, Henry 1).
Foster, Garfield, Hale, Handley, John T. Harris,
Joseph R- Hawiey, Hay, Hays. Ilibbard. Kelley,
Ketchain. Killinger, Leach, Lowe, Maolntyre, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McGrow, McKee. Morphia,
Packer. Peck. Pendleton, Perce, Pnodte, Randall,
Read, John Rogers, Sion B. Rogers, Sawyer, Sco-
field, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Snyder,
Starkweather. Stevenson, Stoughton, St. John,
Thomas, Turner. Twiohcll, Tyner, Upson, Vaughan,
Wakcman, Waldron. Willard, Williams of Indiana.
anN<yr°UV§T11!fG—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Barnum, Erasmus W. Beck, Uigby,
Biggs, Bingham, Boarman, Boles, Brooks, Bun-
nell, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll,
Clarke, Coghlan, Conner, Cox, Lreoly, Crooker,
Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell. kldredge,
Ely, listy, Farnsworth, Harwell, lorker, Fryc,
Goodrich, Grithth, Iialdeman, llalsey, Hambleton,
llanks, Ilarmer, Havens John B. Hawiey, Wernr
W. Hazelton, John W. Haaelton, Hereford, Hill,
Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Houghton, King, KinsoUa,
Lamison, Lansing. Lewis, Lynch. McCrary, Mc-
Henry, MoJunkin, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Morw,
Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Wilhain E. Nib-
lack Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac
C Parker Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter,
Prioe?Rainey"jSn M. ltice, William R. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley, §fmons'wSMf°"'
Sherwood, Shober. Shoemaker, felocum, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Speer, Sprague, Stowell,
Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
hptkI Washington lownsend, JCuthill, Van Iiump,
"Ooorhees, Waddell, Walden, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Whitthorne, Williams ot Now York, Jeremiah
M Wilson, John T. Wilson. Winchester, and
Wood—118.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The result
of the vote just taken, showing a quorum to be
present, the tellers will resume their places,
and the House will again vote on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
H The"' tellers, Mr. Hale, and Mr. Biair of
Michigan, resumed their places.
The House again divided; and the telLers
reported—ayes 36, noes 80.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
sixteen members voting therefor.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, there being on a
division—ayes 90, noes 36.
Mr. HALE. I call for the reading of the
enflr.SBECK," of Kentucky. I thought the
Committee ou Appropriations wanted to do
bUM?.e BLAIR, of Michigan. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and upon
that question I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 92, not voting
113; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Burchard. Burdett, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Dawes,
Donnan, Est.y, Finkelnbure, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Garfield, Hay, Killinger, Merriam, Peck,
Pendleton, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton,
St. John, Tyner, Upson, Waldron, and Williams of
Indiana—35
£IAYS—Messrs. Acker, Barnum. James B. Beok,
Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair. Braxton.
Bright, Buckley, Buffinton, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Cobb, Comingo, Crebs, Cnu-lior, Crossland,
Davis, Dodds, Dox, DuBoso, Duke, Dunnell, Eames,
Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Gid-
dings, Golladay, Halo, Hancock, Handley, Harper,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Joseph R. Haw-
ley, Hays, Herndon, Hibbard, Kelley, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Kerr, Ketcham, Lamport, Leach, Lowe, Mao-
lntyre, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
McGrow, Moore, Morphia, Negley, Silas L. Niblaek,
Orr, Packard. Packer. Isaac C. Parker, Peroe, Piatt,
Porter,Prindle, Read, Edward Y.Kice, Richie. Rob.
inson. John Rogers, Scodeld, Slrtor, Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder Starkweather.
Stowell, Terry, Thomas. Turner Twiohcll,"Vaughan.
Wakeman, Wallaco, Warren. Wells, Willard, and
YN0l~V0TING-Mes8rs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Avenll, Banks, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell,
Bigby, Bingham, Boarman, Boles, Brooks, Bunnell,
Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell. Carroll, Clarke,
Coghlan, Conner, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Darrall,
Dickoy, Ducll.Eldredge, Ely, Parnsworth, ]<arwell.
Forker, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldemnn llalsey, Ham-
bleton, Hanks, ilarmer Havens, John B. Hawiey,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hereford.
Hill. Hoar, llolman, Hooper, Houghton. King, Kin-
sella, Lamison, Lansing. Lewis. Lynch. MoCorinick,
McCrary. MoHenry, McJunkin, McKee, Mc.Kui-
ney, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin 1. Meyors, Mitch-
ell, Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Wil-
liam E. Niblaek, Palmer, Hosoa W. Parker. Perry,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Price, Rawey, Randall,
John M. Rico, William R. Roberts, Sum H. Rogers,
Roosevolt, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions. Sholdon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, Worthmgton o.
Smith, Snapp, Speer.-Sprngue, Sutherland, Swwn,
Sypher, Taffo.DwightTownsend, Washington rown-
send, iuthill, Van Trump, Voorhees. Waddell.
Walden, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorno.WUlia.m8
ofNew York, Jeremiah M. Wilson. John T. Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood—113.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to.
The Clerk then read the engrossed copy ot
the bill. ,
The question was upon the passage ot toe
bill as amended.
Mr. DAWES. I think the title of that bill
should be changed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I am not able
to suggest a different title now, and besides I
do not think it necessary.
Mr. AMBLEfi. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and thero
were—yeas 79, nays 47, not voting 114} as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Barnum, Barry,
James B. Beck. Bell, Biggs, Austin Blair, Jamesi «•
Ul-i ir Braxton. Bright, Buckley, Bufhnton, Burdett.
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Comingo.
Crebs Criteher, Crossland, Uavis, Dodds, Dox. f)uke 
Dunnell, Elliott, Charles Foster, Henry I). ^ter,
Frye. Garrett, Getz, Giddiiigs,
Handley. Iiarner. George ir. Harris, -*-• *
Joseph 11. Hawiey, Hays, Herndon, Kdlofig*
dall Kerr Lamport, Loach, Maclntyre, Marshall,
Maynard,'MoCormiek, McUrew, Morgan. Morphia,
Neglev. &las L. Niblaek, I«nao C. larkcr. 1 crce,
Piotf Pnrior Read Kdward Rice, Ritchie, John
Rogers, Slater, Sloss, John A. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens Stowell, Terry, Thomas, lurner, \ augh*m,
Wallace' Warren, Wolla, Willard, and_Young
NAYS'—Messrs. Ambler, Burber. Beatty, Bird,
B^ci^rd,^bnrn^C^ge^C^tm^I)awcs^l>onnan^
field f/afe&ay,Uibbard,!loopor,Kellcv, Ketcham,
KVllineer Lowe, McClelland, Moiriam. Leonard
Mvers Packard. Packer, Pen.lleton, Randall, tllia
11. Roberts, itobinson, llubk, bawyer, beofieid,
Shanks Shellabarger, Stevenson,Btorm, Stoughton,
St. John. Twichell, Tyncr, Upson,\\ akeman, Wal-
dron. and Williams of Indiana—4i. .
NOT V0X1NU—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Arthur,
Averill,Banks. Erasmus W. Beck, Bighy, ^8^,
Boarman, Boles, Brooks o0,,l
Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke. Cog
nor, Cox, Creely, Crocker, O^rr^ll, l>iolvcj.
Duell, EldrtdKO Ely, ^lrn3Wurft:,?^ iliniblcton
Goodrich, Grifiith Ilaldeman, n W. llamblcu ,
