1372.
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
of the Senate vers concurred in; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the tabl«i
The latter motion was agreed to.
BTATOK O* ADMIRAL FABlUGttT.
Mr. GARFl ELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table,
for the purpose of putting on its passage, the
joint resolution just received from the Senate
proposing to extend for a few weeks the time
in which the models of the statue of Admiral
Farragut may be presented.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 9) extending the time for the
presentation ahd selection of models of the
colossal statue of the late Admiral Farragut
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
& first and second time.
The joint resolution Was read. It extends
the time for the presentation of models for a
collossal statue of the late Admiral Farragut,
and the time for the selection therefrom by
the Committees on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, thirty days beyond the time now
fixed by the joint resolution of April 16, 1872.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This joint res-
olution is necessary to allow sufficient time to
tin American artist to ship his model.
The joint resolution was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. GARF1LLD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution
Was passed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BED or BKAVSK LAKK.
The Houbc resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill in regard to the bed of Beaver lake.
Mr. FAUNS WOttTH. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded aud
the main quentiou ordered ; which was on
agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
TheSPEAKKRjpro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] is entitled to one hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dun*
Sell. ]
Mr. BUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, no question
was so thoroughly and exhaustively examined
by the Committee on the Public Lands during
the last session of Congress as this, aud a very
able report was prepared by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Towhsend,] a mem'
ber of the committee* setting forth all the
facts in the case. I am satisfied that that re-
port is correct in fact and unanswerable in its
reasonings and in its conclusions. And the
report that comes back to us from the com-
mittee of conference in no respect does away
with the very great objections which we enter-
tained in outr couituitiee, and which do exist
again*t the pawsage of this bill.
There Is involved in this question a very im-
portant principle, and one which I think ought
not to escape the attention of the House. It
has always beeti held from the beginning of
the Government down to the present time that
the United States retains the title to all lands
not actually sold and disposed of; in other
words, that all waters or meandered portions
of the surface of the country remain in the
possession of the United States.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fauns-
worth] says that these lauds were deemed
worthless, and were not surveyed bccauje
worthless. They were not surveyed, Mr.
Speaker, because they could not be surveyed
st that time. It Was an existing lake or pond,
and the lake was meandered, the title of course
remaining in the Government to that mean-
dered portion of the State. And very soon after
this laud was thus meandered, the gentle-
man says, some enterprising people bought up
the lands.round about this lake, and because
of their ownership of these fractional sections
round about this lake, consisting of about
fifteen thousand acres, worth according to the
estimate of the Commissioner of the' General
Land Office not less than $80,000 to-day,
these gentlemen set up their claim.
The State of Indiana, theti, simply has the
title which these men had. It was based npon
their riparian ownership. Now, it has never
been claimed, nor has it ever been announced
as law in any court of the United States, that
there is anything of riparian ownership on
non-navigable streams of water. The passage
of this bill is dangerous in this, that it evidently
establishes a precedent and puts in peril all
the meandered portions of the country, whether
lakes or otherwise. Now, in my State we have
a thousand lakes; those lakes belong to the
United StateB; they are a part of the property
of the United States; and if you pass this bill
and establish the principle that the riparian
owners ronnd about the lakes may acqnire
titles to the middle of the lakes, if so, our lakes
are at the mercy of the avaricious owners of
the soil adjoining them. There may be com-
menced a process of draining which would
injure not only the owners of the estates, but
might make a very general change in the
,healthfulnesB and character of the climate
of the State. While my constituents might
be glad of the lands underlying these lakes,
I am unwilling to see Congress give up its
right and title to the lakes of the country.
They are apartof the country ; they enter into
its scenery ; they go to makeup its hieaHfolneBS,
and the idea that a settler ean get lands for a
fractional section andtheu claim that he can hold
lands in the middle of a lake is too preposter-
ous to be entertained by the House. One query
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts is
important. We give all these lands to the
State of Indiana. What becomes of the men
who get their titles from another party than
the State of Indiana? We simply legislate for
one half the owners and throw the other half
to the mercy of the State. I say, Mr. Speaker,
it is not right thus to legislate. There are
points in this case in which I might dwell at
length, but the passage of this bill would un-
settle the doctrine hitherto held by the Gov-
ernment that the title to the lakes and mean-
dered lands of the country is in the United
States.
Our committee were unanimous in the re-
port on this question on the bill of the Senate,
which had no support in this House, and the
amendment suggested by the committee of
conference in no way does away with the ob-
jection that the Honse manifested to that bill.
The acceptance, therefore, of the report of
the committee of conference is nothing more
than th3 passage of the Senate bill, which had
no support in the Honse.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr,
Stotiohton.]
Mr. SfOUGHTON. The principle involved
in this measure is one of great importance to
many of the western States; it is particularly
bo to my State, where the numerous inland
lakes constitute an important and picturesque
feature of the country. This question has fre-
quently Been before the courts of Michigan
and some other western States and has received
the careful consideration of the judiciary.
Now, I wish to say that I am in favor of the
conference report because its rests upon
principles of justice and equity, so far as the
State of Indiana is concerned, but*l think the
principle ought to go further than that laid down
by this report. A large portion of the State of
Michigan is interspersed with these beautiful
inland lakes which in the original survey were
meandered. Large estates have grown up
upon their borders. Now, if .yOtt assert the
principle that the Government owns the lakes
when they are filled up within the tneandered
lines, you destroy the value of these estates
and the residences built upon theffl.
If the Government can step in at this late
day ahd sell any land formed by accretion or
drainage between these estates and the lake,
it might and doubtless would be detrimental
to the health and value of the surrounding
property. This subject has been before the
supreme eourt of Michigan, and I call the
attention of the House to the decision there
made, which I believe is in accordance with
the rulings of the supreme court of every
western State which has carefully considered
this subject.
Mr. Justice Cooley in his Digest says:
"The common-law principle, that the soil under
*tteh tide lees public rivers to the thread of the
stream is in the owner of the adjacent bank, pre-
vails here, and is applicable to the Detroit river."
* * * * ' See the sanio principle of pri-
vate ownership applied to Lake Muskegon, [one of
our inland lakes.]"—Ma«  «. Ruddman, 10 Michi-
gan, 125.
I now read from the decision in 10 Michigan,
to which reference is made:
These principles, when applied to Muskegon
lake, can no more interfere with the public right of
navigation than when applied to rivers. In botn
oases the ownership is equally qualified by and sub-
ordinate to the rights of the public. In fact navi-
gation is much more likely to be benefited than
injured by the application of these principles.
Wharves and other similar erections are essential to
the interests of navigation; and if the bed of the
lake to the high or low water mark were vested In
the State, no private owner could extend a wharf
one foot from (he water-line ?fit.hoj t beooming a
trespasser, and incurring tne risk of losing his im-
provements, though navigation might be aided
rather than injured by it i while by admitting the
riparian ownership as above explained, individual
enterprise is stimulated to improvement, and the
public interest is subserved. The public, through
their proper authorities, have always the right to
restrain any encroachments which may be injurious
to the public right, and to compel tho removal of
any obstruction or Impediment, as well as to punish
the offender, to the same extent as if the bed of the
lake were vested in the State.
" We are not aware that the State or the Federal
Government has at any time asserted any right or
claim to the beds of the lakes more than to those of
the rivers, and! think the same principle of riparian
ownership applies equally to both. 1 speak here of
the small lakes within the State, bccause the large
lakes on our borden are not involved in the present
case, though I am not aware that the State or the
United States has over asserted any claim with re-
Bpcct to tho one mote than the other, and I most
frankly admit that 1 have not as yet seen any sound
reason for making a distinction based upon a differ-
ence of sifce between lakes more than between rivers,
(Jones vs. Soulard, 24 Howard, 40 ;)nor because some
may be a state of national boundary while others are
not. But without expressing any opinion upon the
large lakes on our borders, I think the general un-
derstanding and common usage of the country have
as clearly recognized the principles of riparian own-
ership with reference to the lakes as to the rivers
within the State, and that this general understanding
and common usage havebeen constantly acted upon,
and that capital and labor to a very great extent
have been expended on the faith of them cannot
admit of a reasonable doubt. To repudiate this
common usage at this late day by creating an arbi-
trary distinction which has no foundation in the
nature of things, and to recognize in the State or the
United States a proprietorship in the beds of the
hundreds of lakes and natural ponds within her
limits would, in our opinion, be an unwarrantable
interference with private property, and do incal-
culable mischief.
" These lakes and ponds are scattered over almost
all part3 of the State; they impart to the landscape
the charm of picturesque scenery; their banks are
olten selected as favorite sites for residences, and
command a higher price; these considerations en-
tered into the original purchase from the Govern-
ment and every subsequent purchase. Much, and
in many eases most, of the value of these locations,
and of the residences upon them, oonsists in the
beauty of the prospect which the lakes afford. But
if the land under them belongs to the State or Fed-
eral Government, any man may go into the shallow
water a few feet from the shore and erect in front
of such dwellings, mills, fishing houses, or such other
buildings as his profit, convenience, or malice may
dictate, and thereby destroy the beauty of the pros-
pect and the value of the property, and the owner
has no remedy but as one of the public at large,
The Attorney General could not well interpose for
the protection of the owner's private interest alone,
and the public right would not in general be im-
paired.
" Some of these lakes form no part of a chain of
navigable waters, and are not susceptible of Public
use for purposes of navigation. Some of them are
entirely inclosed by the lands of a single owner.
If the bed of the lake belong to the State, or the
United States in one case, we do not see why it does
