1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH B. ROTHCHILD.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3941) for the relief of Joseph B. Rothehild,
of Findiay, Ohio ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts
of Joseph B. Rothehild, collector of internal
revenue for the fifth district of Ohio, to allow
said Rothehild the sara of $1,500, that being
the amount stolen from the safe, where it had
been deposited for greater security, without
fault or negligence on the part of said Joseph
B. Rothehild.
Mr. RANDALL. Is that founded on any
affidavits ?
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. There is a report
in the case which I ask to be read.
The report, which was read, states that on
the 26th of April, 1872, the claimant received
from his deputy collector for Hardin county
at the collector's office in Pindlay, by express,
a package of public money and collections
amounting to $1,500; that his place of deposit
was the United States depository at Cincin-
nati, Ohio ; that no train was dispatched on
said day after his receipt of said money,
whereby the same might have been transmit-
ted to the depository ; that the claimant had
therefore to provide for its safe-keeping in the
vaults of the mercantile safe of Davis, Broth-
ers & Co., the largest and most reputable firm
in the town of Findiay, in the second story
of whose building and place of business the
claimant's office was situated ; that on the day
following a large concourse of people as-
sembled at Pindlay to witness the ^exhibition
of a caravan and circus company, and the
store and office of Davis, Brothers & Co. were
filled with people, and the safe was approached
and robbed of the package of money aforesaid
by some expert thief who was not thereafter
arrested or detected, though every effort has
been made to that effect.
Mr. RANDALL That does not seem to
answer the question I make, whether it is
founded on affidavits or not.
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio. It is founded on
affidavits, and I have personal knowledge of
the fact itself. If relief is granted in any such
case, I think it ought to be given in this.
Mr, KERR. Did you see the thief?
[Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. No, sir;
Mr. RANDALL. More than four weeks ago
a call was made on the Internal Revenue Bureau
by the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
redge] asking information in reference to
allowances to assessors and collectors, and up
to this time no answer has been made to it.
Now, I am informed that tha,t information
could have been got at least within a week.
And if we had had that information we should
be able, without cross-questioning the gentle-
men who present these reports, to know of
ourselves the allowance necessary to be made
by act of Congress to these internal revenue
collectors. I hope the gentleman will see
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
in this respect performs his duty as requested
by this House. . ,
Mr. B1RD. It is not at all clear to my mind
that this measure ought to pass. It is based
upon the idea that this individual exercised
the same care with this money that he would
have done with his own. I do not think that
rule applies here. I do not think the facts
warrant any such inference. It seems to me
that there should be evidence clear and strong
that the claimant had exercised this care. He
takes this money, deposits it in the safe of
another individual, allows it to remain there
during the night and during the next day,
when the building, in which the safe is, is
crowded with a promiscuous crowd, from all
sections of the country, expert in the business
of thieving and robbery. Now I cannot think
that if this money had belonged to that indi-
vidual himself he would have allowed it to
remain there. There is no evidence that there
was any other money stolen; no evidence that
the owners of the building or the owners of
the safe had any money purloined; but this
person so careless of the interests of the Gov-
ernment allows the funds of the Government
to remain there thus exposed.
Why, sir, it seems to me that no stronger
case of negligence upon his part could be
brought to the attention of the House or of a
court and jury, and that we are obliged on the
showing which has been made here to reject
the case. I ask, Mr. Speaker, is there a jury
in the country that would award-to this indi-
vidual what he claims here at our hands?
And I ask again, when are we to cease paying
the defaulters under the internal revenue sys-
tem, and those individuals who come up here
session after session in a numerous procession
demanding at our hands the repayment of
moneys which they themselves through their
own negligence have lost? It strikes me that
we are doing the tax payers of this country
great injustice, and that we would be com-
mitting violence upon our own judgments and
our own consciences if we award to this indi-
vidual the money that he demands.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I can state in a
very few words all that there is in this case.
This party who received the money lives in
the little town of Findiay, Ohio. He received
the money after the train had left on which
he might have sent it. lie simply held it over
that day until the next day; and for greater
security than was afforded by his own little
safe, he took it and put it in the best safe in
the town of Findiay. What better care he
could have taken of the money I do not know.
I know the town; I know the party; and I
am certain that for the past two years we have
passed upon no more meritorious case of this
kind than this one. I move the previous
question.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I raise the point of
order that this bill contains an appropriation
of money and should have its first consider-
ation in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order, as made too late.
It would have been well taken if taken in
time.
Mr. CROSSLAND. It does seem to me
that when the show had attracted expert
thieves, this gentleman should have been
more careful about putting this money in a
place of safe keeping.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILKS GREENWOOD.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
3569) for the relief of Miles Greenwood.
The bill was read, it provides that the claim
of Miles Greenwood, of Cincinnati, Ohio, for
further compensation for the construction of
the iron-clad monitor Tippecanoe, may be
submitted by said Greenwood, within six
months after the passage of the act, to the
Court of Claims, under and in compliance
with the rules and regulations of said court,
and said court shall have jurisdiction to hear
and determine aud render judgment upon the
same; provided that the investigation of said
claim shall be made upon the following basis :
the court shall ascertain the additional cost
which was necessarily incurred by the con-
tractor for building the iron-clad monitor Tip-
pecanoe, in the completion of the same, by
reason of any changes or alterations in the
plans and specifications required, and delays
in the prosecution of the work, which were not
provided for in thejoriginal contract; but no
allowance for any advance in the price of labor
or material shall be considered, unless such
advance occurred during the prolonged term
for completing the work rendered necessary by
the delay, resulting from the action of the Gov-
ernment aforesaid, and then only when such
advance could not have been avoided by the
exercise of ordinary prudence and diligence
on the part of the contractor ; and it is further
provided that the compensation fixed by the
contract between the contractor and the Gov-
ernment for specific alterations shall be con-
clusive as to the compensation to be made
therefor, and it also provides that all moneys
paid to the contractor by the Government over
and a,bove the original contract price for the
building of said vessel shall be deducted from
any amounts allowed by said court by reason
of the matters hereinbefore stated. It is fur-
ther provided that, if any of such changes
caused less work and expense to the contractor
than the original plans and specifications, a
corresponding reduction shall be made from
the contract price, and the amount thereof be
deducted from any allowance to be made by
said court to said claimant.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J R. DODD.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, the
Committee of Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1699) for the relief of J. R. Dodd; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWIN BUTLER AND 0EOKGE  . PITKIN.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (II. R. No. 3942) for
the relief of Edwin Butler aud George D. Pit-
kin, copartners under the firm name of Butler
& Pitkin, of the city of New York; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I make the point of
order that that bill makes an appropriation,
and must receive its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and the bill is re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
ALEXANDER SW1HT AND COMPANY.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
mittee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3607)
for the relief of Alexander Swift & Co. and
the Niles works.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
claim of Alexander Swift & Co., and the
Niles works of Cincinnati, Ohio, for farther
compensation for the construction of the
river and harbor monitors Catawba and
Oneoto, may be submitted by Alexander
Swift & Co., and the Nile works, within six
