1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
Mr. COBURN. The House will perceive
we do not insist that the bill shall be passed
on the ground that the riparian proprietors
had title to this land, but on the equitable
ground that it was drained, settled, improved,
and a lapse-of t ime has occurred since the sale
ot' occupancy sufficient to raise equities this
House ought to regard.
Mr. 1IAWLEY, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
as a member of the Committee on the Public
Lands it became my duty, as also the duty of
other members of that committee, at the last
session of Congress to give a careful consid-
eration totliis subject. 1 was then and am now
clearly of the opinion that the bill presented
from that committee was much preferable to the
biil which came from the Senate. I regret the
Senate did not agree with the House in our ac-
tion, but I am satisfied now that the bill as pre-
sented by the Committee on the Public Lands
cannot result in legislation or in the passage
of a bill at the present session. If we adhere
to that bill the matter will pass over from this
to another Congress and the whole question
will be again opened. Therefore, as it is very
evident there are some of these settlers whose
rights ought to be protected, I now simply de-
sire to say I feel disposed to support the report
of the committee ot' conference, and I do so
on the ground that there m-iy be an end to
this controversy. I support this proposition
as perhaps the best thiug which we can secure,
and for no other reason ; not that I believe it
to be the best that can b« done. And I desire
to enter my protest against this being regarded
as a precedent in any other case.
Mr. TAFFE. Then you had better vote
against it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Town-
send] for a short time.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
Committee on Public Lands having in view
the frequently expressed will of this House
that no more of the public domain should be
given away, but that it should all be reserved
tor actual settlers, have taken the view of this
case as it has been presented in the shape of
an amendment offered to this bill at the last
session of Congress. The question to-day is
merely this: whether or not, contrary to the
nigral principle that has heretofore been
adopted by this Hou.-e. (Jongret-g will give
away to the Stale of Fndiann, without any
compensation wha't*ver, fifteen thousand acres
of the public land, which, according to the
testimony that has been received from the
Land Office, is worth from one to ten dollars
an acre. The State of Indiana in applying to
Congress for this legislation, virtually ac-
knowleges that she is not entitled to this land,
that the title to it still remains in the United
States. Therefore the question is not one of
riparian proprietorship, but merely of the ex-
pediency of giving away this land.
The House will remember, and I know there
are many gentlemen here who will remember,
the fact that a case somewhat similar to this in
its character occurred not a great many years
ago in the State of California. I allude to the
celebrated Vallejo claim, on which the towns
of Vallejo and Benicia are now established.
It was shown in the United States courts that
the claim of Vallejo was good for nothing,
that those who bought under him had no inde-
feasible title, but that the title belonged to the
United States. And a law was passed requir-
ing those men who had already bought and
paid for their land, and who had made im-
provements upon it, to go to the Land Office
and again pay for that land at the rate of $1 25
an acre. N ow, all that we have heretofore asked
in the amendment to this bill which we pre-
sented at the last session of Congress, was that
the settlers upon the Beaverlake land should be
required to do the same thing. Our amend-
ment required that the land, which had never
been surveyed, should be now surveyed under
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, and
that those who were upon the land should go
to the Land Office and embrace the first oppor-
tunity of purchasing it at $1 25 an acre. That
was but following the precedent which had
been set before, and the principle which seemed
to have been established by Congress, that
wherever the title was deficient in those who
held the land or were in the occupancy of it,
they should pay to the United States, in whom
the title remained, the minimum price of pub-
lic lands.
It has been said by the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] that this is not a case with-
out difficulty. I agree with him that it is sur-
rounded by difficulties, and in order to get
rid of them we proposed this amendment. But
the difficulties will not end when this bill shall
have passed as it now stands, because one
half of the settlers upon this Beaver lake
land hold their title from individuals, and
they will be entirely at the mercy of the Legis-
lature of Indiana. The other half having
purchased from the State of Indiana, will
probably be to a considerable extent pro-
tected, for if that is not an actual estoppel at
law, it is an estoppel in morals, such as the
State of Indiana will feel bouud to respect.
Therefore, whatever rights the State may ob-
i tain under this bill, those settlers who hold
titles by purchase from the State will be pro-
tected.
But, sir, we have no assurance as to what
that Legislature may do. They may charge
them five dollars an acre or ten dollars an
acre, or they may charge them $1 25 an acre,
which leaves open the question, a question
which has to be settled by this Congress. I
do not think, therefore, that it would be good
policy for us to interfere. What haa been the
settled policy of the Government should be
adhered to, and the rights of these men should
be secured to them.
Mr. TAFFE. I only desire, Mr. Speaker,
' to make a brief general statement in regard to
! this bill, as the support of it seems to be
| divided and placed upon different grounds. I
1 understand the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hawi.ey] to advocate it on the ground of the
; equity of the claim. The proprietor of these
I excluded lands, some enterprising individual
I who has drained u portion of the lake, sets up
1 the claim to the lands so reclaimed, which has
never been adjudicated npon. All there is in
this case is the claim that the lake has been
meandered. If the party had any right to the
land so reclaimed, he had it under the preemp-
tion law. If he has any claim of any kind
whatsoever, the courts of the State of Indiana
are competent to adjudicate upon the claim
and to award the party all he is entitled
to. There is nothing better settled than that,
the rights gradually accruing of riparian own-
ership. But does any gentleman here claim
that a man can run his claim ten miles into a
lake and own the land as a riparian owner?
i Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire only to say
a word or two, and then ask a vote upon the re-
port of the committee of conference. I do not
advocate this report on the ground of any legal
right of the State or the people in possession,
but I agree to this report because of the great
equities of the case. Still, I believe that these
inland lakes and ponds which are meandered
and left out of the Government surveys ought
to be surrendered to the States in which they
lie. They are useless to the General Govern-
ment, while the State should have the right to
protect them for ornament, or for their fish,
or to drain and reclaim them if, as in this
instance, they are noxious and serve only to
create a swamp or marsh about them ; and if
any gentleman will introduce a bill to that end
I will support it. But in this case there are
equities which make it a peculiar case. Now,
I have here an affidavit of a surveyor and engin-
eer, who swears that the ditches and drains
which have been made by the State of Indiana
and these citizens are worth over $110,000.
That there is thirty-seven miles of fencing upon
these lands, and that there are twenty dwelling-
houses upon what was the lake and the swamp.
Thus the State and its assignees have reduced
what was a swamp and a worthless lake to
good land, at least in great part. It is settled
, by citizens who have built their dwellings
upon it, who have put up their fences, who
have cultivated their cornfields and gardens,
who have established their pastures there.
These parties have once paid the State of Indi-
ana for the land they occupy. They come
here now and ask that Congress may quiet
their title by turning them over to the State
of Indiana. They are content with that.
Gentlemen here who affect to champion the
rights of the people who are in possession,
fentlemen who express fears that the State of
ndiana will not deal justly with the occupants
of this land, are engaged in an unnecessary
werk ; for those settlers are content with this
bill; they are satisfied that their State will
take care of them.
Now, for the General Government to exact
further payment or consideration from either
the State of Indiana or the settlers who have
purchased and thus improved these lands in
good faith, would be gathering where it has
not strewn and reaping where it has not sown.
I ask for a vote on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
79, noes 15 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Dunnell were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 90, noes 32.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title ; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (II. R. No. 3218) to amend the one
hundred and thirty-third section of an act ap-
proved J tine 8, 1K7-, entitled '' An act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating to
the Post Office Department."
vienna international exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) to
enable the people of the United States to par-
ticipate in the advantages of the international
exposition to be held at Vienna in 1873. The
pending question is upon an amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar,] to add to the bill the proviso
which will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That the President bo authorized to
appoint a number of practical artisans, not exceed-
ing twelve, who shall attend said exhibition and
report their doings and observations to liim, and
whose actual and necessary expenses shall be paid
from said fund.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to modify that amend-
ment so as to provide that the expense shall
not exceed $1,000.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that
amendment. I do not wish to trouble the
House at present with any debate upon this
question, but as I shall be entitled to one hour
after the seconding of the previous question,
I will ask that the main question be now or-
dered. I will then yield to such gentlemen as
may desire a brief opportunity to express their
views.
Mr. HOLMAN. The previous question
will not cut off' the amendment already offered
to strike out the appropriation ?
