814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
The SPEAKER. It will not; it will oper-
ate upon that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the previous ques-
tion is ordered, I wish to move an amendment
to strike out $100,000" and insert " $50,-
000." I enter this motion lest that of the
gpRtleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] to
strike out the whole appropriation, should not
prevail.
Mr. BANKS. I will not object to the of-
fering of that, amendment, if the gentleman
will not, by dilatory motions, prevent us from
coming to a vote.
The SPEAKER. With that amendment
pending, the question is on orderiug the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered ; ahd
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I only wish to explain a
point which was raised the other day by the
geutleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] in
regard to American patents as affected by this
exposition. A certificate is to be given by the
Austrian Government to protect Amcricau
patentees during the exposition, and for two
months thereafter; and they have the right,
upon the payment of a fee of about eleveti
dollars, to take out a complete and perfect
patent. That is a full protection. In addi-
tion to that, the Secretary of State is nego-
tiating a treaty (which will undoubtedly be
consummated) giving to our patentees all the
rights they demand.
The appropriation proposed in the joint res-
olution, $100,000, is a veiy small one. If we
wish to be represented at all at the Vienna
exposition we should vote at least this sum.
If we do not wish to be there represented we
shall of course record our approval of the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Morgan,] which proposes to strike out
the entire appropriation. We had better strike
out llie whole appropriation or reject the res-
ol'ition than to appropriate onl^ $50,000. I
hope the House will sustain the bill as it stands,
appropriating for this purpose $100,000, the
leasl that we can possibly appropriate if we do
not wish our expenditure to be entirely wasted.
I will say in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, that
the Committee on Foreign Affairs does not
object to tbe amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
I yield now for two minutes to the gentle-
mau from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. In the name of my
own constituent,-i especially, I rise to oppose
the motion to reduce this appropriation. If I
thought it were probable this House would
sustain ine in it, I would move to double the
appropriation, because I believe that $200,000
will not be too much for thi3 object; but in
defereuce to the wishes of the committee, and
in order there may be no delay at Ais stag3
of the bill, I refrain from any such motion.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, tfiis exposition at
Vienna will be more important to Inis country
than was that of London or that of Paris.
This is in the heart of Europe, among that
freat and enterprising people whom it is our
ighest interest to reach and to affect, and we
should go there in full force and exhibit there
the power and ability of our people. I have
letters from my constituents, and I have here
a dispatch from the Board of Trade of Cincin-
nati asking this appropriation be increased,
and I protest against its being diminished.
Mr. BANKS. I now ask for a vote.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Hoah ; which was agreed to, as follows:
Provided, That the President be authorized to ap-
point a u * xs —I -_i: ..
twelve,
The question next recurred on the motion
of Mr. Morgan, to strike out the whole appro-
priation of $100,000.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
46. noes 78.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 86, not voting
109 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer. Arthur,
Beatty. Erasmus W. Beok, James B. Beck, Biggs,
Bird, Austin Blair. James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
liurchard, Critoher. Crossland, Doell, Duke. Farns-
worth, Henry D. Poster, Get*, Giddlngs, Handley,
Gerry \V. Hatelton, Hereford, Hibbard. Holman,
Kerr, Lamisoo, Lewis. Marshall, MoCormiok, Mo-
Intyre, McKiuuey, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan,
NiblaeK, Perry, Price, Read, John M. Rice, Stevens.
Van Trump, Walden, Wallace, Whitthorne, and
Yonnr—47.
NAYS—Messrs.Ames, Banks, Barber, Barry, Bell,
Bingham, Boles, Buffinton, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cox, Dodds, Don nan, Bunnell,
Karnes, Eldredge, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster. Frye,
Garfield, Hala, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris,
John B. Hawlev, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, John
W. Hatelton. Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley,
Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McGrew, MoJun-
kin, McKee, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey,
Leonard Myers, Negley. Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac
0. Parker, Peok, Peters, Porter, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, John Rogers, Sioa 11. Rogers, Rusk, Sar-
Sent, Sawyer, Scofield. Sessions, Shanks, Sherwood,
bober, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton,
St. John, Sypher, Taife, VVashington Townsend, Tur-
ner, Upson, Voorhees, W akeman. Wheeler. W illard,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Win-
chester ,and Wood—85.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Ambler, Averill, Barnum,
Beveridge, Bigby. Boarman, Brooks, Buckley, Bur-
dett. Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cot-
ton, Creb*. Creel?, Croeker, Dan-all, Davis, Dawes,
DcLarge. DickeyLpos, DuBose, Elliott, Ely, Esty,
FarwelF, Forker, Wilder D. Poster, Garrett, Golla-
day, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Ham-
point a aumber of practical artisaps, not exceeding
twelve, who shall attend such exhibition and report
their doings and observations to him, and whose
actual and reasonable expenses, not exceeding
11,000 each, shall be paid from said fund.
_ . . Lamp<
son, McClelland, McCrary, MoHenry, McNeely,
Merrick, Mitchell, Morphis, Packer, Hoses. W.
Parker, Pendleton. Perce,-Piatt, Poland, Potter,
Prindle. Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Beeley,
phelAos, Shel labarger. Slater, Slocura, Sloss, W orth-
mgton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Storm,
Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Thomas, Dwlght
Townsend, TBthilLTwicholl, Tyner, Vanghan, Wad-
dell. Waldron, Walls, Warren, Wells, Whiteley,
Williams of New York, and John T^ Wilson—109.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Daring the vote,
Mr. MERRICK stated that he was paired
with Mr. Terry, who if present would have
voted in the affirmative, while he would have
voted in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question next recurred on the motion
of Mr. Holman to reduce the appropriation
$60,000.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
61, noes 75.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I ask the
chairman of the committee to let me offer the
following amendment:
Provided, That the commissioner general to the
international industrial exposition to be held in
Vienna in 1873, or other party or parties authorized
to demand and receive the money hereby appro-
priated, be required as soon as practicable to report
to the Secretary of the Treasury in detail the man-
ner in which said appropriation is expended, and
that their accounts be adjusted only upon actual
vouchers and In pursuance of the law authorizing
the commission.
Mr. BANKS. I cannot yield to that
amendment. It does not belong to the Treas-
ury Department: and the Secretary of State is
required to make this report to the two
Houses.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it «u accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the rote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDKR OF B0STNBS8.
Mr. YOUNG. I send to the desk rt t-esolu-
tion, which I present for immediate action.
Mr. WOOD. I think our committee, the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, has not yet
occupied the whole of the time allowed to us.
The SPEAKER. It has not. The Chair1
will state the position of that matter. When
the House gave leave to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] to have the bill
which has just been disposed of considered as
in Committee of the Whole tinder the five
minutes' rule, it gave him the dame right when
the previous question was ordered that ho
would have had with regard to any bill re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole.
That Is, he was entitled to an hour, notcoming
out of the morning hour. And nnder that
construction the morning hour of to-day has
really not yet begun, because the gentleman
from Massachusetts has only occupied the time
he would have been entitled to if the bill had
been ordered to be repotted from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House. It is therefore
for the Committee on Foreign Affairs to con-
sider whether they will take the hour to which
they are entitled now or on Tuesday, the 7th of
January next. They are entitled to another
hour either to day or then.
Mr. WOOD. If the Committee on Foreign
Affairs yields now, will we be entitled to
another morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Certainly. The commit-
tee will be entitled to the first morning hour
after the holiday recess j that is, on Tuesday,
the 7th of January.
Mr. BANKS. I t' ink we had better defer
occupying the hour until then, the House is
now so very thin.
Mr. WOOD. I have a bill to present to
which I think there would be no objection,
and which would occupy very little time if how
taken up.
The SPEAKER. That might perhaps come
in by unanimous consent, without the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs entering now upon
their hour. That is a matter for the members
of the committee to determine.
Mr. WOOD. I only wish to know if we are
entitled to proceed to-day.
The SPEAKER. Certainly, if the gentle-
man insists on proceeding. But if the com-
mittee take their hour now they will not be
entitled to another hour when the House reas-
sembles. The Chair will now entertain the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Young,] which does not at all interfere with
that question.
SESSION 07 TO-MORROW.
Mr. YOUNG,
lotion:
I offer the following reso-
Heaolved, That when the House adjourns to-day
i it shall be to meet at twelve o'clock m. to-morrow
as in Committee of the Whole for debate only.
I Mr. DAWES. That, I believe, requires
! unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER, Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that when we
have agreed to take a seventeen days' revess
there is no good reason for the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The resolution being ob-
i jected to it is not before the House. The gen -
1 tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] will
proceed.
Mr. YOUNG. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. DaWBS] will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. DAWE8. If we made the recess fhreo
weeks longer, some gentleman would wisb to
add one more day. When we have agn>e>l
upon a reeess of seventeen days, I think we
can afford to Work np to the time fixed. I
therefore object to the resolution.
Mr. YOUNG. There will be no quorum hew
to- morrow.
Mr. DAWES. If there be no quorum, it
will not be my fault*
