1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
Mr. YOUNG. Will the gentleman not allow
the sense of the House to be taken on the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent, and objection i8 made.
order of business.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs will not take its
morning hour to-day. but will take the first
morning hour after the recess.
CHANGE OF NAME OF NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that by unanimous consent the bill (S. No.
1272) authorizing the East Chester National
Bank of Mount Vernon to change its location
and name be taken from the Speaker's table
and put upon its passage now. It is a bill
simply to change the name and location of a
bank. It is in the form in which we have passed
two or three other similar bills this session,
and I think there can be no possible objection
to it.
Mr. NIBLACK. The bill called up by the
gentleman from Massachusetts is one which
affects my district somewhat. I have looked
into it, therefore, and I consider it is unexcep-
tionable. It is recommended by the Comptrol-
ler of the Currency.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
Becond time.
The bill was read. It authorizes, under the
usual conditions, the East Chester National
Bank of Mount Vernon, now located in the
village of Mount Vernon, county of West-
chester, State of New York, to change its
location to the city of Evansville. county of
Vanderberg, State of Indiana, and its title
to that of the Evansville National Bank of the
State of Indiana.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 3261) to connect the telegraph
■with the postal service, and to reduce the rates
of correspondence by telegraph; which was
read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying report, recommitted to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELEVATOR IN NORTH WING OF CAPITOL
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask in cour-
tesy to the Senate that we pass a bill which
comes over to us from that body providing for
the construction of an elevator in the north
wing of the Capitol. There are four men in
the Senate who are not able to reach its Halls
without some assistance such as this, and fur-
thermore, I am satisfied that if an improve-
ment of this kind is introduced successfully
into the other wing of this buildiDg, we shall
have it here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am inclined to
think that members of Congress get suffi-
ciently elevated without any machinery.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask, sir, that
the bill to authorize the construction of a
steam passenger and freight elevator in the
northern wing of the Capitol be taken up and
passed.
The bill was read. It appropriates the sum
of $8,500 for the construction of a steam pas-
senger and freight elevator in the north end
of "the Capitol, under the direction of the
architect of the Capitol.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by adding after the word "north " the words
"and south."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that amendmentifyou will double
the amount of the appropriation.^
Mr. DAWES. There is no objection to that
experiment as an experiment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be tried at
the other end of the building, and we will adopt
it here. They say that this amendment will
dispense with the services of four employes
who are now carrying documents, &c., up
j stairs and down stairs. I hope there will be
no objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. COX. I object.
The bill therefore remained upon the
Speaker's table.
INDIAN COUNCIL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, in relation to an appropriation
to defray the expenses of holding a general
Indian council in the Indian territory within
the next fiscal year; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
WESTERN SURVEYS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House,
by unanimous consent, a letter from th^ Sec-
retary of the Interior, in relation to an appro-
priation to properly illustrate the financial
report and the geographical survey of theTer-
ritories of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
REPRESENTATIVE FROM LOUISIANA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the credentials ot Harry Lott, claiming to have
been elected to the Forty-Second Congress
as a Representative from the fourth congres-
sional district of Louisiana; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Elections.
SNAG-BOAT JOHN THAYER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
December 8, 1872, in relation to replacing the
snag-boat John Thayer, sunk in the Arkansas
OlKlg wvjwu 7     -
river 5 which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
COLLECTION DISTRICT, PUGET SOUND.
| The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
' sent, laid before the House a letter from the
! Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a draft
of a bill to define the limits of the collection
! district of Puget sound, and for other pur-
' poses; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed, j
j EXPENSES OF UNITED STATES COURTS. j
1 The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- |
1 sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Attorney General of the United States respect- i
ing an application for deficiencies in the _ap-
propriation for the expenses of the United
States courts and expenditures under former
I appropriations for the same, &c. ; which was
! referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
1 and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. Kellogg was granted leave of absence
until the expiration of the holidays.
Mr. Lauison was granted leave of absence
until the expiration of the holidays.
Mr. Lewis was granted leave of absence
until the 10th of January.
Mr. Hiu, was granted leave of absence until
i the expiration of the holidays.
Leave of absence until the expiration of the
i! holidays was also granted to Messrs. Butler,
of Massachusetts, Spraoue, Hay, Leonard
Myers, and McCrary.
REVENUE STAMPS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, under the
authority of the resolution of the House, ap-
points as a select committee on revenue
stamps in the Assistant Treasurer's office in
New York, Mr. Merriam, Mr. Cotton, and
Mr. Dox.
leave of absence.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence up to the end of the
recess.
bnrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill and joint resolution of the fol-
lowing titles ; when the Speaker signed ths
same. . ,.,
A bill (H. R. No. 8248) to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) extending
the time for the presentation and selection of
models of a colossal statue of the late Admiral
Farragut.
leave of absence.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, asked and ob-
tained leave of absence until the end of the
recess.
elevator in the capitol.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
withdraws his objection to the passage of the
bill providing for an elevator in the north end
of the Capitol.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
inform the gentleman that he cannot in this
way withdraw an objection made by another
gentleman. It can be done only on the state-
ment of the gentleman himself.
Mr. COX. I have made no such statement.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will remain
upon the Speaker's table.
public schools.
! Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back with amendments, from the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, House bill
No. 2006, to provide for the greater efficiency
of the public schools in the several States, and
for other purposes ; which was ordered to be
printed with the amendments, and recommitted
to the committee.
Mr. BURCHARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and amendments were
recommirted ; and also moved that the motion
, to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. L. MYERS asked and obtained leave
to have printed in the Globe remarks on the
joint resolution (H. R.No. 170) to enable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the international exposition
to be held at Vienna in 1873. [See Appendix.]
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COX. I now move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a privileged motion,
and move that when the House adjourns to-
day it be to meet to-morrow at one minute
before twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending a motion to adjourn, because it
is a change of the rule of the House fixing the
hour of daily meeting. The gentleman may
move to take a recess until the time he has
indicated.
Mr. COX. A motion for a recess is not in
order, I believe, pending a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to withdraw his motion
