128.0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wakcinan, Waidt'a, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley,
WhittliornS. Williams of New York. Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—137. ,
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I move there be a call of
the House.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I do not feel
inclined to have the House stay Jjere any later,
and I move the House adjourn.
' The' (notion was agreed to; and thereupon
the House (at ten o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
• The following petitions, &o., were presented
Under the rale, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BURCHARD: The petition of M.
V. Saltzmah, John M. Adair, and John R.
Howleth, against requiring newspapars to be
printed wholly in the county in order to have
the privilege of free circulation through the
mail in the county.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Almira Pitts, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Mairia D. Pierce, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth M. Living-
stone, for a pension.
By Mr. COTTON: The petition of S. H.
Shoemaker, publisher of the DeWitt Observer,
Iowa, asking that House resolution No. 3675
be amended.
Also, the petition of A. L. Smith, publisher
of the Anomosa Journal, Iowa, asking the
same.
Also, the petition of George Trumbo, pub-
lisher of the West Liberty Enterprise, iowa,
asking the same amendment.
By Mr. DAWES: The petition of Peter
Dooley, late captain of thirty-seventh regi-
ment Massachusetts volunteers, asking for a
refund of commutation money paid by him.
Also, the petition ot'B. W. Harris, late col-
lector of the second district of Massachusetts,
asking relief.
By Mr. HAY: The petitions of L. D.
Caulk, James R. Brown, Edwards & Kimball,
and Hardin Case, publishers of newspapers
in Illinois, praying that the four words "and
wholly printed and" may be stricken out of
the second section of the bill to amend the
postal laws, so that the printing ofooe side of
country newspapers at a central office may not
be prohibited by the Government.
KELLEY : The memorial of A. R.
McHenry & Co. and Davis & Murphy, rep-
resenting merchants engaged in the export of
crude petroleum, praying that the fifth section
of the act of June 6, 1873, may be modified so
as to admit petroleum barrels of American
manufacture, which have been already used,
to entry free of duty.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The memorials of the
Syracuse Temperance Union, New York; Good
templars of State of Pennsylvania; Kennett
Lodge Good Templars, Pennsylvania ; Golden
Rule Lodge Good Templars, Bristoe, Penn-
Irving A. Fisk, chief templar, and
rhulip Schermehone, secretary of Chatham
Village, New York, Temple of Honor, for a
commission of inquiry' concerning the results
ot the liquor traffic, &c.
By Mr. MANSON: The memorial of J.
Plemmmg, Samuel Born, J. W. Jamison,
Thomas Moore, S. McCormick, 0. S. Wise
ion \^ee' ?T ?• Ball> j08eph Beck, and
100 others, of Lafayette, Indiana, praying
Congress-to make an appropriation to improve
the outlet to the harbor of Toledo, Ohio, bv the
construction of a permanent and direct chan-
riel through the M&umee bay.
Also, the petition of John H. Sence, publisher
ot the Friend newspaper, in the town of Cov-
ington, Indiana, asking that a bill now before
Congress to amend the postal laws may be
artiended by striking out of the second section
of the bill the words "and wholly printed
and."
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of 8. B.
Morehouse and others, settlers on the Chero-
kee strip in Kansas, foran extension of time to
make entries of their lands.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The memorial of
Thomas Buchanan, of Brooke county, West
Virginia, and Asa Manchester, J. A. Snod-
grass, J. P. Mulhollen, 8. B. McDowell, and
33 others, citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, stating that, believing the inter:
ests of agriculture demand a more complete
system of crop reports, and that the advantage
of such a system would confer a benefit upon
all classes of people in a greater or less de-
gree, and that it is therefore a proper subj'ect
for governmental action; and believing, fur-
ther, that the science of meteorology, as it is
becoming developed, may be made available
to the material advancement of the national
prosperity, they, the petitioners, do humbly
pray that, in accordance with the suggestion
of the late Commodore M. F. Maury, an invi-
tation be extended to the Governments of the
earth to meet in conference for the establish-
ment of an international system of crop and
weather reports, and that Congress will com-
mission one or more scientists of this country
as members of said conference ; and further,
the petitioners pray that a sufficient appropri-
ation be made to carry out the purposes sug-
gested in such manner as may be deemed best,
and with a degree of liberality which its great
importance may demand.
Also, the' petition of William Blair, C. W.
Craven, Charles Day, W. W. Edgar, D. A.
Glass, J. H. Johnston, George W. Mitchell,
and 93 others, citizens of Beaver county,
Pennsylvania, stating that about one hundred
and sixty-five Chinese laborers have been
imported for a cutlery company, located in
the borough of Beaver Palls, in said county,
thereby causing the discharge from the works
of the white American mechanics and work-
men; that two hundred more Chinese, direct
from China, are said to be engaged and on the
way for the same cutlery and other works of the
same company, to the exclusion from the works
of our own people ; that contracts have been
made, through one of their own race, for long
periods of servitude on their part, at wages
so low as to forbid competition by American
workmen; that their habits are so debasing as
to insure the demoralization and degradation
of all Christian communities brought in eon-
tact with them ; that their introduction into the
United States, in the manner in which it is done,
shows a manifest attempt to revive the insti-
tution of slavery ; and that it is an act of bad
faith toward the workpeople of Pennsylvania
and of the United States, inasmuch as that
the protection of thirty-five to fifty per cent,
against the importation of foreign cutlery was
enacted for the purpose of protecting the
American laborer against cheap foreign labor;
and asking that, as a means, therefore, to be
saved from such evils, and in behalf of their
own ^ workpeople, Congress will pass a law
prohibiting any further importation of Chi-
nese laborers under contracts made in China •
or that it will authorize the free importation
from foreign countries of such articles or
manufactures as are or may be produced in
the United States by and through Chinese
cheap labor so contracted for.
By Mr. McNEELY : The petition of Edwin
Dyron, editor of the Rushville Times, and of
oelah Wheadon, editor of the Democratic
Clarion, Havana, Illinois, and of William T.
Davidson, editor of the Democrat, Lewistown,
Illinois, praying an amendment of the second
section of the pending postal bill so as to
allow newspapers not wholly printed in the
county where published to pass through the
mails as free of postage as other papers.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of E. H.
Phelps, publisher of_ the Wyoming Post,
Illinois, for a modification of the bill to amend
the postal laws.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 12, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Journal is very
long to-day, and consists mostly of statements
of the action on private bills, I ask that its
reading be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the reading of
the Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
dispensed with.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 3583) making appropri-
ations for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
ENBOU/Et) BILLS SIGNED.
The Vice President signed the following
enrolled bills, which had previously received
the signature of the Speaker of the House of
Representatives:
A bill (S. No. 1206) for the erection of a
public building for the use of the United States
in Covington, Kentucky;
A bill (S. No. 171) for the relief of Pay-
master George F. Cutter;
A bill (S. No. 198) for the relief of Warren
& Moore;
A bill (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim of
John B. Chapman ;
A bill (S. No. 868) for the relief of J. &
C. M. Dailey;
A bill (S. No. 940) for the relief of William
Webster, of Maine;
_A bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of Lizzie
Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 1090) for the relief of Wil-
liam L. Utley;
A bill (S. No. 1142) for the relief of S. E.
Ward;
_ A bill (S. Np. 884) for the relief of the sure-
ties of Frederick Boehmler, of the State of
Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 549) for the relief of R. H.
Pratt ;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3476) to provide for the
removal of the wooden buildings on Judiciary
square ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3496) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWE. I present petitions from
Hughes & Allen, "publishers of the Dodge
County Citizen, John Turner, publisher of the
Marston Star, George W. Brown, publisher of
the Augusta Herald, Oliver Brothers, pub-
lishers of the Waupun Leader, E. W. Stevens,
publisher of the Western Advance, and Rich-
ard & Powers, publishers of the EIroy Union,
all arguing that if it is the policy of the Gov-
ernment to send newspapers to the subscribers
free, there should be no discrimination between
those that are published in the county and
those published out; and I will say that that
argument weighs with me. I move the refer-
t?co /?Llkese Pet'''0,is the Committee on
Fost Offices and Post Roads; and if any such
