816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
in order that I may offer a resolution for refer-
ence to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. COX. I will do so.
POSTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Jiesolcrtl. That fire thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Appropriations on the
subject «f postal telegraphs be printed for the use
of the House of Representatives.
CLERK OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Accounts:
Jienoived, That the Committee on Expenditures
iu the Treasury Department be authoriied to con-
tinue to employ the clerk authoriied at the last
session during so much of the present session as his
services may be required, at $4 80 per day.
ORDER QF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen desire
to introduce bills for reference. As they will
have no other opportunity to do so until after
the holiday recess, the bills will be received
and referred, if there is no objection.
Mr. BURCHARD. Not to be brought back
into the House by motions to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. They cannot be so brought
back under a special rale of the House.
CHI.VCOTEAGTJE ISLAND, VIRGINIA.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3262) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to appoint a deputy collector
of customs at Chincoteague Island, in the State
of Virginia;" which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CLAIMS OF CONNECTICUT AND OTHER STATES.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3263) for the relief of Connecticut and other
States; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT READINU.
Mr. GETZ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 3204) relative to a site
for public buildings in the city of Reading,
Pennsylvania ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and grounds.
WAHSATCH AND JORDAN VALLEY RAILROAD.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3265) granting to the
Wahsatch and Jordan Valley Railroad Com-
pany a right of way through the public lands
tor the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line ; which was read a first and second, time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
JANE LA FONT.
Mr. BARBER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3266) granting a pen-
sion to Jane La Font, mother of Lewis La
Font., deceased, a private in company C, sec-
ond regiment Wisconsin volunteers: which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
ATLANTIC AND GREAT WESTERN CANAL.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the national commer-
cial convention at St. Louis, in relation to
the Atlantic and Great Western canal; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COX. I now renew the motion that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of the heirs
of John Munnikhuysen, B. Bissell, and Wash-
ington Van Bibber, for payment for French
spoliations. |
Also, a petition for payment to heirs of !
Thoroughgood Smith, for French spoliations.
By Mr. BECK, of Kentucky : The petition
and memorial of Joseph S. Wilson, asking for
an appropriation for his benefit.
By Mr. BUFFI NTON: The memorial of
Simpson Wart and 115 others, citizens of New
Bedford, and other coastwise cities and towns
of New England and the Middle States, for an
appropriation for and the construction of two
breakwaters, to be located in Buzzard's bay,
at the entrance to the harbor of the Island of
Cuttyhunk.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The memo-
rial of A. C. Seevers, and others of Winches
ter, Virginia, praying compensation for French
spoliation.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of Thomas Quincy Stitt, for the
heirs of Joseph Marquand, deceased, for pay-
ment of the French claims.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of D. .
Burlingame and twelve others, to share in the
prize money accruing from the capture of the
rebel ram Albemarle, October 27, 1864.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Mrs.
Abbie L. Ford, for pension.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of Black
Beaver, a Delaware Indian, for relief.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Lucretia
Corse, mother of Henry Corse, for a pension.
POST OFFICE BILL.
The following was introduced and referred
nnder the role :
By Mr. KERR: A bill to establish an addi-
tional post route in Perry connty, Indiana.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December '20, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. 1). Owkn, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
election of president pro tempore.
The Chief Clerk, (W. J. McDonald, esq.)
The Vice President having notified the Senate
yesterday that he would be absent and not
occupy the chair to-day, the Secretary calls the
Senate to order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. Secretary, I offer
the following resolution, and ask for its pres-
ent consideration:
Meiofotd, That in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, Hon. Henky B. Anthony be, and he is hereby,
chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
The Secretary put the question on the reso-
lution ; and it was adopted nem. con..
Mr. Anthony accordingly took the chair as
President of the Senate pro tempore.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that in
the absence of the Vice President the Senate has
chosen Hon. Henry B. Anthony, a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate
pro tempore ; and that he makes a similar communi-
cation to the House of Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings will be read.
Mr. RICE. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; there is no
quorum here. We must have the Journal
read.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS. ,
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent to
call up the resolution which I offered on Tues-
day morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Pending
the call of petitions and memorials, the Sen-
ator from Arkansas asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of a resolution
offered by him. Is there objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather go on
with the morning business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
is made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall have no objection
after the morning business is through.
Mr. RICE. Let the resolution be called up
aud then 1 will give way to morning business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not object if that
is the pleasure of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the resolution is before the
Senate
Mr. CONKLING. What is the resolution ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Arkausas
inquiring into certain alleged frauds in the
election in that State.
Mr. CONKLING. That I understand is
a matter which will be debated. I do not wish
to object, but I hope the Senator will not in-
terpose that resolution so as to interfere with
the morning business. Let us go through with
the morning business first.
Mr. RICE. I propose to give way to the
morning business when the resolution is taken
np.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no ob-
jection be made the resolution is before the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I desire to present
some petitions, as I understand the Senator
gives way for morning business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to
object, for the reason that I understand there
is some little business which it is important
for us to pass before the adjournment, perhaps
more important than the adoption of this
resolution. I therefore object.
Mr. RICE. I see from the morning papers
that the President, in answer to the Louisiana
delegation, has suggested this very course of
having Congress appoint a" coomittee to in-
vestigate these troubles in order that proper
information may be had by the Administration.
He says that they have no power to send any-
body there to collectproof, and that this is the
only course by which proof can be had. I
cannot see that the resolution will give rise to
much debate. It is simply an application for
a committee to investigate affairs in Arkansas
in order that Congress and the Administration
may be informed of the true state of affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore It requires
unanimous consent to take up the resolution
at this time, and the Senator from Vermont
has objected. Petitions and memorials are in
order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Mary A. Porter Brown, praying remuneration
for the services of her late husband, John P.
Brown, as secretary and dragoman of the
United States legation at Constantinople;
which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petitions of John A.
Adams and Mary A. Lyons, of Zanesville,
Ohio, and the petition of Thomas W. Rath-
bone, heir of John C. Rathbone, of Clermont,
Ohio, praying to be indemnified for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, I present the petition of
