318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a report to make.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S.. No. 960)
authorizing the Kansas Valley National Bank
of Topeka, in the State of Kansas, to change
its name to the First National Bank of Topeka,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, aiTd recommend its passage.
Mr. POMERDY. If there be no objection
• I should like to have that bill passed now. It
simply proposes to change the name of a bank.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
texas border commission.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. ft. No. 3257) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire into
depredations on the frontiers of the State of
Texas, to report it back without amendment,
and as it is a short bill I ask for its immediate
consideration. I will state that the exigency
which calls for its immediate Consideration is
that the work of the commission is but partly
performed and is suspended for the want of the
Junds provided for in this bill; and further a
commission corresponding to this on the part
of the Government of Mexico is now upon the
ground making investigations, and it is re-
garded by the executive department of our
Government as very-essential that our com-
mission shall be upon the#ground at the same
time or as soon as they can get there, for the
purpose of counteracting any improper impres-
sions regarding mutual claims between the
two Governments that may be obtained by the
ex parte examination that is going on there M
present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time. Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. CONKLING. Let
it be reported for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
It proposes to appropriate, to meet the
expenses of the commission appointed nnder
the joint resolution, approved May 7, 1872,
to inquire into depredations on the frontiers
of the State of Texas, the following sums: for
salaries and traveling expenses of three com-
missioners, $12,390; for salaries of secretary
and translator, at $1,800 each, $3,600; for
traveling expenses of the secretary and the
translator, $1,500; for contingent expenses
of the commission, $1,000; and the work of
the commission is to be completed within the
current fiscal year, and at the termination of
tbe year the duties and powers of the commis-
sion are to cease.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
tbe bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. -
location and name of a bank.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1812) authorizing the First National Bank of
Newnan to change its location and name,
have instructed me to report it back with
amendments, and recommend its passage.
Mr. HILL. I ask the Senate to allow the
bill just reported from the Committee on
Finance, changing the name of a bank in
Georgia, to be acted on now and passed. It
is mere formal action changing the location
of a bank from the town of Newnan to the
city ot Atlanta, with a new name. That is all
there is in it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
| *,he bill, which proposes to authorize the First
' National Bank of Newnan, now located in the
city of Newnan, Georgia, to change its loca-
tion to the city of Atlanta, in that State, and
also to change its name to the First National
Bank of Atlanta, if the bpard of directors of
said bank shall accept the new name by reso-
lution of the board, and cause a copy of the
resolution, duly authenticated, to be filed with
the Comptroller of the Currency.
The amendments reported by the Committee
on Finance were in line four, section three,
to strike out the word "First" before ''Na-
tional," and to strike out the word "Atlanta"
and insert'" Commerce; " so as to make the
new name of the bank "The National Bank
of Commerce;" and also to make the same
change in section four.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred it.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
obituary addresses.
Mr CASSERLY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report back the Sen-
ate resolution referred to it for the printing of
a certain number of copies for the use of both
Houses of Congress of the addresses made
upon the announcement of the death of the
late Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Davis,)
with the recommendation that it pass, and ask
for its immediate consideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That eight thousand copies of the
addresses delivered in the two Houses on the 18th
instant on the occasion of the announcement of the
death of Hon. Garrett Davis, late a Senator from
the State of Kenucky, be printed and boand, three
thousand copies for the nse of the Senate, and five
thousand oopies for the use of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
recommitment of a bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the bill
(H. R. No. 2247) giving the approval and
sanction of Congress to toe termini and route
of the Anacostia and Potomac River railroad)
and to regulate its construction and operation,
be taken from the Calendar and recommitted
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I again ask the
favor of the Senate this morning to be allowed
to call up House bill Nn. 1325 for the removal
of the political 3isabililies of certain Georgians
and a few citizens of other southern States.
I am very much in earnest in my desire that
the bill should be put on it passage for the
reason I stated yesterday. There are very few
names in it, and if there are objections to any
of these, that they are such persons as ought
not to be relieved, let the objections be made,
but let the bill be acted on, and let citizens
who are no worse than other citizens of the
southern States heretofore relieved be relieved
also. Let them be put on an equal footing
with those who preceded them in the favor of
Congress.
I made some playful allusion to the matter
yesterday in tbe hope that a little good humor
would induce the Senate to yield its assent to
my proposition. But the time approaches for
my State to select a Senator, and as I then
stated, there are names in the bill of persons
who are supposed to aspire to that position,
gentlemen who have a right to aspire so far as
talent and private worth are concerned.
I hope the Senate will not refuse to consider
the bill. In all likelihood it will be taken up
and acted on before the session closes, and if
so, why not now ? Two weeks hence will be
too late to afford this relief, if any is to be
granted, to these gentlemen. They do not
wish to place themselves in the unenviable
attitude of contending for political honors
while laboring under disabilities.
I hope the Senate will indulge me by taking
up the bill and considering it. They can de-
termine whether the persons named are en-
titled to relief or not. I shall take it as a per-
sonal favor, and very likely one of the last I
may ever ask of the Senate, if it will yield
immediate assent to my request.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Georgia, asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him. Is there objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have we reached reso-
lutions yet?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. We have
not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I have a resolution
to offer at the proper time, and hence I ob-
ject.
Mr. HILL. I did not intend to interfere
with the order of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
of committees are still in order. If there are
no further reports, the introduction of bills is
in order.
bills introduced.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a-bill (S.
No. 1292) to authorize the construction of a
fire-proof building at Nebraska City, Nebraska;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1293) to provide For the construction of a
wagon-road from North Platte, Nebraska, to
the While river ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
seut obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1294) authorizing mail steamship service be-
tween New Orleans, Louisiana, and certain
foreign ports therein named; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1295) to provide for building a United
States court-house at Tallahassee, Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILL. I now renew my application,
if I am not out of order, and ask 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Georgia is not out of order, but it
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. HILL. That is what I am seeking. I
am asking unanimous consent, and I take
occasion to say that eminent Senators are
urging me to action in this matter, Senators
of the same party association that I am my-
self ; and I hope it will be allowed to go on.
If the proposed work of grace is to be per-
formed at all, let us do it at once, and do it
gracefully. I ask that the bill be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Georgia asks uuanimous consent to
take np the bill indicated by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS rose.
Mr. HILL. I hope my friend from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] for once will favor me
with his acquiescence. I shall mark it down
in white [laughter] as one of the pleasant
reminiscences of my life. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have a resolution to
offer after that, inasmuch as oui brother from
Georgia says he is in his last days 
The PRESIDENT pro tempo/re. If tnere
are no farther bills, resolutions are in order.
