1*282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1578) to amend an act to further promote
the efficiency of the Navy, approved Decern
ber 21, 1861; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MACHEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1579) for the erection of a public building
for the use of the United States at Paducah,
Kentucky: which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMONDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1580) to authorize the continued employ-
ment of an agent and counsel of the United
States ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I submita letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury on the same subject
and move its reference, with the bill, to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3351) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had yesterday
approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 885) to reimburse George S.
Fisher for losses sustained in the building and
burningup of the consulate of the United States
at Kanagawa, Japan, November 26,1866; and
An act (S. No. 59) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle and pay the
accounts of Colonel James F. Jaques.
dempsky and o'l'oolk.
Hie VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
Senate resolutions, the next business in order
until one o'clock is the consideration of bills
on the Calendar under the Anthony rule. The
Secretary will now proceed with the calling of
bills on the Calendar, under the Anthony rule,
subject to a single objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to go back on the Calendar to House bill
No. 2945, to which there was an objection made
yesterday by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler,] which he now withdraws.
Mr. SAWYER. I was about to remark that
the Senator from Michigan is not in his seat,
but he authorised me to say that he would not
object to the bill.
.The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the fitje of tlje bill referred to
by the Senator from Kentucky.
The Chikf Clerk. "A bill (II. ft. No
2045) for the relief of the late firm of Demo-
sey & O'Toole." r
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill w s
report^ by fye Senator fpom Kentucky ("Mr.
StevensoSJ from tke Committee on Appro-
priations without sp}Pf>dn?ent. The Chair un-
derstands from him Sn4 the Senator from
hoqti) Carolina that the Sentjtof from Miphi-
gan w;tb,drw his objection, ami tfie hill will
be read, ijubjept t$ further objection.
lhe bill was read.
Mr. EJ)MjJNDS. Is that taken up by
unanimous consent?
to ^^ ^ WBS obJ'eeted
to yesterday by the Senator from Michigan
and the Senato.r irom Kentucky asked unani-
mous consent tp taks if up to-(ky, that
the Senator from Michigan withdrew hfg ob-
jection. It is subject to further objection
Mr. BPMUNDS. From certain transac-
tions that took place between this firm and the
united States, I do not think we owe thera
any special favor just now, and I think the bill
ought to go over for further consideration.
the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar. The Secretary will
report the first bill in order on the Calendar
on page 20, order of business No. 905.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1457) relating to navigable streams.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let that go
—-er.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1418) to enable the Orange, Alexan-
dria, and Manassas Railroad Company to put
down and operate a temporary railway track
through certain streets in the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ought to say that
members of the Committee on the District of
Columbia have requested me to have this bill
referred back to the committee, as they were
not present when it was reported. However,
the Senator from Virginia has charge of it,
and I do not wish to interfere.
Mr. LEWIS. This is a very important, bill
to the people of my State and of the whole
southern country as well as the northern
country. Some time ago I was requested to get^
information which I did get from the authori-
ties of the city, and then the committee agreed
to report the bill, unanimously I believe, I
have no objection to the bill being referred
back to the committee, provided it can be
acted on at this session. Otherwise I wish
it considered by the Senate at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it be
recommitted to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be recommitted if there be no objection.
Mr. LEWIS. I object to its being recom-
mitted.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it lie
over, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar.
courts in missouri.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have conversed with
my friend frotn Missouri [Mr. Schurz] this
morning, touching the judicial bill for his
State, and I believe that we understand each
other now, as I explained to him, as I did to
the Senate yesterday, or ought to have done,
that in framing the bill by amendments, as we
did, we did not undertake to pass upon the
precise merit of that particular case, because
we thought it ought to be passed upon in con-
nection with the same subject in all the other
States, and there was not time at this session
to do it. Therefore the effect of leaving the
bill as the committee reported it, is only to
postpone until December, when we shall have
the opportunity of looking at the subject at
large, the remedy that he thinks is desirable,
and very likely he is right about it, in that
State, in respect to the courts and the salary
of the judge. Therefore I ask unanimous
consent to take up that bill, and have the
amendments of the Committee on the Judici-
ary considered as agreed to, and let the bill
pass as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont withdraws his objection to con-
sidering the bill which was the subject of col-
io(juy between himself and the Senator from
Missouri yesterday, and the bill (H. R. No
3031]1 to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for holding a circuit court in the western
district of Missouri," approved June 8, 1872,
rot . ,^° S®nate as in Committee of the
Whole, subject, however, to objection.
to vfav ® In first place, I wish
to have considered as reconsidered a vote which
was taken by misunderstanding, for I voted the
wrong way myselfon an amendmentof thecom-
mittee yesterday. I speak of the amendment
as to the salary of the judge.
The amendment was to strike out of the fifth
section the words—
And the salary of the judge of said district court
shall be the same as is now by law fixed for the dis-
trict judge of the northern district of Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that amend-
ment be agreed to, as reported by the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will merely say, in addition
to what the Senator from Vermont has said,
that I yield to his arguments simply for the
reason that I see the bill can be carried in no
other way, one objection throwing it over;
and having done my duty to my constituents I
submit to superior force in this case.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out the sixth section of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That section was read
yesterday.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
pie amendments were ordered to be engros.sed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
public building at nebraska city.
The Chjef Clerk. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 1292) to author-
ize the construction of a fire-proof building at
Nebraska City, Nebraska, which was reported
adversely by the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Let it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. -
message from the house.
^ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 16-55) for payment for
services performed by William J. Mclntyre ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2079) for the relief of F.
W. Fee, late lieutenant of the first Kentucky
infantry volunteers;
. A ''i'1 3850) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending.June 30,1874;
A bill (H. R. No. 3923) to authorize the
President of the United States to negotiate
with the Creek Indians for a cession of a por-
tion of their reservation;
A bill (H, R. No. 3938) to amend section
two of an act making appropriations for the
Koto0 j Army *or the year ending June
° > 18,72! an« for other purposes, and the acts
amendatory thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 3560) for the relief of
Mues Greenwood ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3675) to further amend
the postal laws;
A bill (H, R. No. 3839) for the relief of
(jeorge J. Mortimer;
d,A,b,lr' (H- K- No. 3940) for the relief of
Philip Pendleton; and
t A R" No' 3941) for <te relief of
Joseph B. Rothchild, of Fmdlay, Ohio.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
  w J"™0 had slSned thR enrolled bill (H.
, 29i*4) revising and amending the laws
relative to the mints, assay offices, and eoin-
ge of the United States; and it was thereupon,
signed by the Vice President.
