1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO
PENSION LAWS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consolidate, and
amend the laws relating to pensions.
Mr. PRATT. This is a very important bill.
A few days since I asked the Senate to assign
a day for its consideration, as well as for the
consideration ot' other bills reported from the
Committee on Pensions. This bill occupies
forty-one sections, and is a revision, a consoli-
dation, and amendment of the existing pension
laws, particularly of those which have been
passed since the 4th of March, 1861. When
it suits the pleasure of the Senate to take up
the bill, I shall be glad to be indulged for some
filteea or twenty minutes in explaining the
changes in the law which have been recom-
mended by the committee; and, if it suits the
pleasure of the Senate, I will proceed to sub-
mit my remarks at this time. ["Go on."]
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Indiana if this bill changes the rates of pen-
sion in any way?
Mr. PRATT. It does, in a few particulars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does it increase the
aggregate ?
Mr. PRATT. I think not. It changes the
salaries of some of the clerks in the Pension
Office, and also provides for a deputy commis-
sioner of pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
. the Senator going on and making his remarks,
but I think the bill ought to be open to objec
tion.
Mr. PRATT. It will occupy me fifteen or
twenty minutes to explain the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the consider-
ation of the bill is not objected to, the Senator
will proceed.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the purpose
of this bill is to revise, consolidate, and amend
the laws relating to pensions.
Since the beginning of the rebellion numer-
ous acts of Congress have been passed, as will
appear by this summary:
1. That of July 14, 1862.
2. A supplementary one on July 4, 1864.
3. That of March 3, 1865.
4. That of June 6, 1866.
5. A resolution respecting bounties to col-
ored soldiers and the pensions, bounties, and
allowances to their heirs, passed June 15, 1866.
6. The act of July 25, 1866.
7. The act of July 27, 1868.
8. The act of July 7, 1870.
9. The act of July 8, 1870.
I omit in this citation the last act, that of
February 14,1871, granting pensions to soldiers
and sailors in the war of 1812, and the widows
of deceased soldiers, which is not attempted to
be revised in the present bill.
While these laws are collected in a pam-
phlet form, for the convenience of the Pension
Office and for the use of the Committees on
Pensions in the two Houses of Congress, they
are not got up with a view to general circula-
tion, and hence the legislation of Congress on
this subject must be traced through four vol-
umes of the Statutes-at-Large, and they cover
a period of ten years. So many changes have
beeu introduced from time to lime, so many
sections and parts of sections repealed or
modified, that it is a task of no small mag-
nitude to deduce what is the existing law.
Hence a revision and codification, reducing
the whole legislation to a harmonious and
intelligible system, has become a necessity.
This was attempted by the House, and the
bill under consideration was sent to the Sen-
ate in May last. The Committee on Pensions
in this body have made sundry amendments,
which are noted in the bill, in the italicised
lines and words.
The first section describes allsuch officers
and persons serving in the military or naval
service of the United States since 4th Match,
1861, and who were disabled, by reason of any
wound or injury received in the discharge ot
their duty, from procuring a subsistence by
manual labor, who are entitled to be placed
upon the list of invalid pensioners and to receive
pensions for a total disability, or a permanent,
specific disability. The persons thus provided
with pensions are as follows:
"Any officer of the Army, including regulars, vol-
unteers, and militia,, or any officer in the Navy or
Marine Corps, or any enlisted man, however em-
ployed, in the military or naval service of theUnited
States, or in its Marine Corps, whether regularly
mustered or not, disabled by reason of any wound
or injury received, or disease contracted, while in
the service of the United States and in the line of
duty; any master servingon a gunboat, or any pilot,
engineer, sailor, or other person not regularly mus-
tered. serving upon any gunboat or war vessel of
the United States, disabled by any wound or injury
received, or otherwise incapacitated, while in the
line of duty, for procuring his subsistence by manual
labor; any person not an enlisted soldior in the
Army, serving for the time being as a member of
the militia of any State under orders of an officer of
the United States, or who volunteered for tho time
being to serve with any regularly organized military
or naval force of theUnited States, or who other-
wise volunteered and rendered servioe in any
engagement with rebels or Indians, disabled in con-
sequence of wounds or injury received in the line
of duty in such temporary service; any acting assist-
ant or contract surgeon, disabled by any wound or
injury received or disease contracted in the line of
duty while actually performing the duties of assist-
ant surgeon or aoting assistant surgeon with any
military force in the field, or in transitu or in hos-
pital, or any provost marshal, deputy provost mar-
shal, or enrolling offioer, disabled," &c.
The second section fixes the rate of pensions
for total disability, and the highest rate allowed
to officers in the militaty service, in the Marine
corps, and in the naval service is thirty dol-
lars per month, and the lowest rate allowed
to officers is ten dollars per month, and the
rate for enlisted men whose rank or office is
not mentioned in the section is eight dollars
per month. There is also this provision: that
every commissioned officer of the Army, Navy,
or Marine corps shall receive such and only
such pension as is provided for the rank he
held at the time he received the injury or con-
tracted the disease which resulted in the dis-
ability on account of which he is entitled to a
pension. This rank is to be determined by
the commission or presidential appointment
issued to him at the time the disability oc-
curred, provided a vacancy existed in the
rank conferred and he did not willfully neg-
lect or refuse to be mustered. The effect of
this provision will be to give the officer the
benefit of the rank conferred by the commission
at the time he received the injury, although he
was not actually mustered at that time accord-
ing to that rank ; and it will also limit his
pension to that grade, although he was pro-
moted afterward.
The third section fixes the rates of pension
for permanent specific disabilities as distin-
guished from total disabilities, and here the
rates are fixed by scales for three periods. The
first period commences July 4, 18G4, and ends
June 3, 1872, and determines the rates of pen-
sion for two classes: first, those who lost both
feet in the military or naval service; second,
those who lost both hands or the sight of both
eyes. For the second period, begmuing March
3, 1865, and ending June 3,1872, another class
is provided for, namely, those persons who lost
one hand and one foot. For the third period,
beginning June 0, 1866, and ending June 3,
1872, another clas3 is provided for, namely,
those who lost one hand or one foot.
The fourth section aggregates all the per-
sona who by previous laws had been provided
with pensions at special rates by reason of
specific permanent disabilities, and divides
"them into four classes—the highest rate being
$31 25 per month ; the next, twenty-four dol-
lars per month ; the next, eighteen dollars per
month ; the next—a new class, who have lost
the hearing of both ears—thirteen dqllars per
month. . .
Section five is a new provision. It allows
that the rate of eighteen dollars per mpnth
mav be proportionally divided fpr ar*y degree
of "disability for which the seeqmi seption
makes no provision It, meets the claipis of
a large number of cases where the claimants
are disabled to a greater degree than that for
which pension is provided in the second sec-
tion, but whose disabilities are not equivalent
to the loss of a hand or foot This section is
proposed as a remedy, especially in the case
of private soldiers for the wide difference
between the rate of pension now fixed by law,
eight dollars per month, and that provided for
the disability arising from the loss of a hand or
foot.
The eighth section extends the provisions
of the pension law as to widows and miuor
children, so as to apply to the widows, child,
or children of officers and privates of the Mis-
souri State militia and the enrolled Missouri
militia, if the husband or father was wounded
or contracted the disease of which he died
while in the service of the United States. In
this connection it is proper to say that on May
10, 1872, the Commissioner of Pensions made
a ruling that the Missouri State militia, of
which there were fifteen regiments, the pro-
visional Missouri militia, of whom there were
nine regiments, Colonel Phillips's regiment
six months' men, and such home guards as
shown by.the report of tho adjutant general
of Missouri to have been mustered into the
United States service, should be recognized
as having been in the service of the United
States, in each case t,o be verified by the
adjutant general of Missouri, and that none
of the enrolled Missouri militia should be so
recognized except as provided for by section
nine act of July 4. 1864.
The tenth section introduces this import-
ant but just rule, that in tho administration
of the pension laws children born before the
marriage of the parents, if acknowledged by
the father before or after the marriage, should
be deemed legitimate. This is the rule in rela-
tion to descents in the States and there is no
reason why it should not prevail in the allow-
ance of pensions.
In the eleventh section there is a new pro-
vision by which section fourteen of the act of
June 6, 1866, is so enlarged as to extend to
the widows and children oflndian soldiers and
sailors, the previous law being confined to the
widows and children of colored soldiers and
sflilorSi
The thirteenth section introduces some
changes in the existing law which are deemed
important. They relate to those relations who
were dependent in whole or in part upon the
soldier or sailorwho died leaving neither widow
nor child. It establishes, first, that these rela-
tions must have been dependent upon him for
supportat the dateof hisdeath, and next it lays
down a rule for determining that dependence.
That rule is, that the mother shall be assumed
to have been dependent upon her son if at the
date of his death she bad no other adequate
means of support than the ordinary proceeds
of her own manual labor and the contribu*
tions of her son or of any other persons not
legally bound to aid in her support, and if by
actual contributions, or in any other way, the
son had recognized his obligations to aid in
support of his mother, or was by law bound
to such pupport. The same rule is extended
to fathers and ipinor brothers and sisters. As
to dependent fathers, however, there ss a pro-
vision that the iuoome which v/as derived or
derivable from his actual or possible manual
labor shall be taken into account in estfb
mating a father's means of independent sup-
port.. There is thi? further important pro-
vision, that the pension allowed to any person
on account of his dependence, whether father,
mother, brother, or siater, shall cease when \t
ghall not be necessary as a means pi adequate
subsistence, ,
The fourteenth section proposes that tne
pensio.n pf a widow or mother or sister 8ha*j
cease at the date of their remarriage, and shall
npt be renewed should they aga*n bepome
Thp twepty-first septiofi provides,.in addition
to former lawsonttje subject, |io\v
