1284
HIE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
of "pension claimant's residing in foreign conn-
tries shall be made and authenticated, as also
for declarations made by Indians- living in the
Indian country.
- The- twenty-second -section makes provision
forthe. dispensation of the necessity of agents
or attorneys in applying for pension; bounty-
land, or other allowance required by law to be
adjusted or paid by the Pension Office, by re-
quiring the Commissioner of Pensions to furnish
claimants or applicants, free of expense, all
such printed instructions and forms as may be
necessary to establish and obtain the claim,
whatever it is.
The next change in the law deserving special
mention occurs in the twenty-fourth section.
It-is intended to correct the hardships which
have followed the act of July, 1864—the sixth
section of that act. It declares—
"That no pension claim now on file, unless prose-
cuted to a successful issue within three years from
the passage of this act, and noclaim hereafterfiled,
not thus prosecutod to a successful issue within five
years from the date of such filing, shall be admitted
without satisfactory record evidence from the War
Department to establish the same; and in every
case iii which a claim for pension shall have been
filed more than three yours after the discharge or
decease of the party on whose account the claim is
made, the pension, if allowed, shall commence from
the date of filing the last paper in said case by the
party prosecuting the same."
"As'the law now stands there is an absolute
bar to a claim not prosecuted to a successful
issue within five years from the date of filing
the'claim, unless there is satisfactory record
evidence from the War Department to estab-
lish the claim. But it is well known that the
records of that Department are frequently
very imperfect in giving the military history
of the soldier, particularly as to the nature of
his disability and when and how it occurred
arfd its extent. It is felt to be a great hard-
ship that he and those who claim through
him should be concluded either by its silence
or its errors of statement. Accordingly the
amendment proposed allows the bar to {be
prosecution of a claim for pension to be re-
moved, by a correction of the record through
proofs taken by the claimant and furnished
through the Pension Offine to the Adjutant
General of the Army or the Surgeon General
of the Navy, showing that the disease or in-
jury which resulted in disability or death ori-
ginated in the service and in the line of duty.
On the subject of limitation of pensions and
from what period a pension begins, this sec-
tion must be read in connection with the
fifteenth. The general rule is that pensions
Shall commence from death or discharge of the
person on whose account this claim is granted.
But there is this condition to the rule, that thp
application for the pension shall have been
filed within five years after the right to the
pension shall have accrued. If not filed
within five years, the pension commences
from the date of filingthe last evidence neces-
sary to establish the same; then followed
the other rule, that if the claim was not pros-
ecuted to a successful issue within five years
from the filing, it should not be admitted at
all without record evidence from the War or
Kavy • Department, establishing that the
■wound, or injury, or disease occurred in the
service and in line of duty. This rale is so
modified by the amendment proposed, as to
•allow parol evidence to correct the Depart-
ment record.
I come next'to section twenty-five, which
the committee recommends as a substitute for
the twenty-third, twenty fourth, ■ twenty-fifth,
twenty-sixth, and' twenty-Seventh sections in
the bill as it came from the House. All of these
sections relate to an accrued pension &nd what
shall become of it when the pensioner dies
during the pendency of his application or
after pension money hasaccrned.and not been
paid over. The-rule for the succession to this
pension recommended by the committee'is as
iollows:
that if any pensioner, or any person entitled to
a pension, who during the pendency of his applica-
4ion therefor has died since March 4,1861, or shall
hereafter die, his widow, or if no widow, nis child
or children, under sixteen years of age at the time
of his death, shall be entitled to receive the accrued
pension to the date of death; such accrued pension
shall not be considered as a part of the assets ol the
estate of deceased, nor liable to be applied to the
payment of the debts of said estate m any case
whatever, but shall inure to the sole and exclusive
benefit of the widow or children: and if no widow
or child survive, no payment whatsoever of the
accrued pension shall be made or allowed, except
so much as may be necessary to reimburse the per-
son who bore the expenses of the last sickness and
burial of the decedent, in cases where he did not
leave sufficientassets to meet such expenses.
This is intended as a substitute for all exist-
ing laws on the subject of arrears of pension.
It will be seen that these arrears inure exclu-
sively to the widow and children of the
deceased, to the exclusion of creditors and
dependent relatives, and that provision is made
for the payment out of these arrears of the
expenses of the last sickness and burial of the
decedent.
The twenty-eighth section extends the term
of limitation provided in previous sections for
two years in all pending claims of Indians for
pensions; it validates all proofs heretofore
taken before Indian agents, and before officers
of the tribes recognized by them as competent
to administer oaths. It provides that in the
future all proofs shall be taken before the
Indian agent, and that Indians shall be ex-
empted from the obligation to take the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States
required by the act of February 14, 1871. It
is not compatible with the limited sovereignty
we have accorded to these tribes of Indians to
make such an oath a conditiou.
The twenty-ninth section provides for the
appointment of a deputy commissioner of pen-
sions at a salary of $3,000 a year. The
enormous business of this bureau, employing
as it does a clerical force of three hundred and
forty, and disbursing thirty millions of money,
requires this officer to take the place of the
Commissioner in cases of absence and sick-
ness. The Register of the Treasury and the
Treasurer of the United States and the Com-
missioner of Patents have each an assistant.
The Comptroller of the Currency has a deputy.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue has
three.
In the same connection I may refer to the
thirty-sixth section, which proposes to increase
the salaries of the heads of divisions -and of
such other clerks as are intrusted with the
final review of claims before the Pension Office.
It is said, and I think with some force, that
on account of the period which has elapsed
since the war the adjudication of claims in
the Pension Office requires the exercise of
greater care and judgment than was formerly
required. It is urged that the compensation
of thoSe persons engaged in the adjudication
of-difficult- questions should be increased in
proportion as the responsibility of their posi-
tions has increased. The Commissioner in-
forms the committee that competent persons
cannot be retained on salaries less than the
amounts proposed in this section. Those now
occupying the positions referred to have won
them from long experience. The heads of
divisions have from twenty-five to seventy
clerks under them.
The thirty-seventh section increases the
salary of the Commissioner of Pensions to
$4,000 after the 1st of July next. The salary
of that officer was established at $3,000, Au-
gust 12, 1843, when there were but sixty clerks
in the office, when the laws were few and
simple, and the entire amount disbursed was
less than $2,000,000. In his last annual report
the Commissioner furnishes an interesting table
of the number of pensioners on the rolls who
served in the Army, Navy, and on board priva-
teers, with the amounts paid each year, from
1791 down to June 30, 1872. In 1843 the
number on the rolls was 14,109; in 1872, the
-number on the rolls was 113,954. In 1843
the total amount of pensions disbursed was
$1,842,038 45; in 1872. it was §30,109,341.
In the lapse of thirty years we have had the
Mexican war, which largely increased the
duties of the Pension Bureau ; constant changes
in the revolutionary pension system, and the
law pensioning the survivors of the war of
1812; and lastly, the increase of business
growing out of the war of the rebellion. The
Pension Office stands now in the front rank
of the bureau system, disbursing, as it does,
$30,000,000 per annum, and employing a
clerical force of three hundred and forty.
Every individual item of pension expenditure
is now kept in the'home office, so that defal-
cations are now next thing 10 impossible.
The various legislation from time to time as
to pensions has rendered the administration
of the laws difficult, and requires constant
care to secure uniformity of action. The
rulings of the Commissioner and the decisions
of the Secretary are compiled, and are used a.s
a manual in the office, to which constant refer-
ence is necessary.
For this increase of the salary of the Com-
missioner an argument is advanced to the
committee. It is said :
" The business transactions of the Pension Bureau
are vastly greater to-day than the whole operations
of any Department of-the Government at the time
the salary of the Commissioner was fixed, and the
annual expenditures for pensions for which the
Commissioner is responsible is nearly as great now
as was the whoje annual expenditure of the Gov-
ernment at the time the salary was established."
The cojyimittee are of opinion his- salary
should ge advanced to $4,000 in consideration
of this increase of labor and responsibility, and
the great increase in rents and cost of living.
It is evident that $4,000 has far less purchas-
ing power at this time than $3,000 had thirty
years ago.
In this connection also it is proper to notioe
that the fee allowed civil surgeons in period-
ical examinations of pensioners is advanced
from one dollar and a half to two dollars,
competent surgeons not being willing to give
their time and skill for a less fee.
The thirty-ninth section allows the appoint-
ment of a qualified surgeon as medical referee,
who is to have charge of the examination and
revision of the reports of examining sur-
geons.
The last charge I shall notice occurs in the
fortieth section. Numerous frauds, as is well
known, occur in'the administration of our pen-
sion system, with all the guards and precautions
that can be taken. How should it be other-
wise, when the number on the rolls is con-
sidered, and that new applications are still
pouring in to increase the list? A frequent
fraud is the remarriage of the widow and the
concealment of the fact from the pension
agent. In the case of minor children, it cannot
always be known when they become sixteen
years of age, and the pension should cease.
Numerous frauds occur on the part of those
styled by law dependent relations. The amend-
ment proposes that lists of the pensioners pay-
able at each pension agency, together with the
cause for which pension was granled in each
case, shall be published biennially by the Com-
missioner, and forwarded by him to the post-
masters within each pension district, to be
placed by them in a conspicuous place in the
post office building, that the whole neighbor-
hood may know who are drawing pensions and
on what grounds they are drawing them. It
is supposed there will be enough honest men
in every community, when the fact of a fraud
on the Government is brought to their knowl-
edge, to communicate it to the Pension Office
or the Pension agent.
COUNTING OF THE PRKSIDKNTIAX, VOTE.
During the delivery of Mr. Pratt's remarks,
Mr. McPherson, the Clerk of the House of
Representatives; appeared at the bar of the
Senate, and delivered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed to inform th«
Senate that the House of Representatives is
now ready to receive the Senate, for the pur-
pose of proceeding to open and count the votes
