320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
is alluded to by the Chronicle says that the
secretary of State shall furnish a list, after
the members of both houses get upon the floor,
of the members, and under that list they are
to organize. That is not the fact. The mem-
bers of the Legislature do not derive their
authority to sit from any act of the secretary
of State. The first time that the secretary of
State ever appears under the law to have any-
thing to do with the Legislature is by section
fifty-four of the acts of 1868:
" It shall be the duty of the secretary of State, on
the first day of eaeh regular session of the General
Assembly, to lay before eaoh house a list of the
members elected agreeably to the returns in his
office."
Both houses are organized before he can
act at all. Therefore the Legislature is in
effect made up, and when it is made up and
organized he lays before each house the re-
turns as they are in his office, as their guide
in case of contest or anything else, as a matter
of record; but he has not the appointing of
the Legislature that is to pass upon his own
credentials. The secretary of State himself,
if his election were contested—and it stands
now in the same condition as these other offi-
cers—would go before that same Legislature
that this vigorous article the Chronicle speaks
of says is to be appointed by that secretary of
State. No, sir; the Legislature of the State
is made up of the members who received a
majority of the votes of their respective dis-
tricts. Now, how are those districts? I wish
to look at that to see how it stands, with a view
of getting the matter fairly before Congress.
I propose to take it on the votes cast, not at
the side polls but at the regular polls, not
taking into consideration anybody that was
disfranchised, but simply taking the result as
it stands by the actual votes.
In the first, second, third, seventh, tenth,
twelfth, thirteenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, and
twenty-first districts of the State, there is no
controversy so far as the returns appear that
the members of the Legislature on our ticket
were elected. Those districts are entitled to
thirty members. I will make no point on
certain counties that are the subject of con-
test, but give the benefit of them to the other
side for the present. The eighth, ninth, tenth,
eleventh, fifteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, and
twenty-second districts, I will for the present
give to them. That gives them thirty-six mem-
bers. Now, the fourth, fifth, sixth, fourteenth,
and seventeenth districts are the subjects of
controversy, and the same controversy that
seats the members from those counties in the
Legislature decides the question as to who shall
be Governor, secretary of State, &c. There is
where they fixed it so as to make the falsifica-
tion of the records a double count, for it
counted both for the State officers and in suffi-
cient quantity to give them a majority, and
also npon the legislative ticket to the same
extent. I will state the points of objection to
these districts very briefly.
In the fourth district, composed of Inde-
pendence and Van Buren counties, the major-
ity of the votes was for our ticket, but they
struck out eleven precincts in Van Buren
county, thereby giving the majority the other
way.
In the fifth district, composed of Conway,
Pope, and Searcy counties, they struck out
nine precincts in Conway county. The major-
ity for us before they were stricken out was
between four and five hundred. After striking
them out, the majority is for them.
In the sixth district, composed of Johnson,
Yell, Sarber, and Newton, they strike out the
whole county of Johnson, and add over three
hundred votes in Sarber, and are compelled
to do it in order to get a majority in that dis-
trict, we having over a thousand majority by
the votes as cast.
In the fourteenth district, consisting of
Hempstead county, the returns, as will be
shown by the supervisors, gave us a majority.
The ballots and returns were gone from the
clerk's office. Upon proceedings in the county
court the sheriff finally returned the ballot-box
empty. They return there six hund red majority,
when the supervisors will show a majority for
us of over two hundred on the legislative
ticket. That includesa partof Nevada county
that was cut off from Hempstead.
In the seventeenth district, consisting of
Clark, Pike, and Sevier, the majority for us
us as the votes were cast was about six hun-
dred. In one township in Clark county, Mis-
souri township, with a registered vote of sixty-
eight voters, they returned and counted a ma-
jority of four hundred and forty-seven for
their side. That would not still carry the dis-
trict. Then in order to do that they had to
strike off in Sevier three townships and in
Pike one, where we had majorities, and in that
way they count that district.
Those five districts make up.sixteen mem-
bers of the house. Adding those sixteen
members—for in each district we have a ma-
jority of the votes cast at the regular polls—
to the undisputed districts that give us thirty,
and we should have forty-six members in
the house as against thirty-six for them, and
this in the senate would give ten for us and
sixteen for them, a majority of the old sena-
tors holding over being with them, and giving
us on joint ballot or on a contest for Gov-
ernor or for any of the State officers a major-
ity of four members. Therefore it becomes
necessary for them to adopt the doctrine of
having the secretary of State appoint this
Legislature in order that they may have a
majority on the count of the vote. There
{ can be no contest during the first week of the
- election of members of the Legislature. The
only thing that could be done would be for the
I members that the secretary appoints to pass
j judgment upon the vote for secretary of State,
j Now I will go further. In that Legislature
i it is not necessary to give our opponents all
i the districts that I have given them to make
np their thirty-six. They are not entitled to
them. I will take the eighth district first,
composed of Sebastian, Crawford, and Frank-
lin. In Sebastian county the proof will be
that out of twenty-seven hundred voters four-
1 teen hundred were stricken from the registra-
tion. At the Greenwood polls, it will be
proven, and the affidavits are already taken
showing that the vote was changed at the bal-
lot-box and over one hundred votes that were
cast for our ticket thrown out. In Crawford
county there were three hundred names stricken
from the registration books, and of the ballots
, cast on the day of the election over two hun-
! dred and seventy-five on the affidavits now
! taken will be shown to have been taken out
of the ballot-box and others substituted in the
place of them.
In the county of Franklin, out of a regis-
tered vote of eighteen hundred, twelve hun-
dred were stricken from the registration-
books. Upon a count of all the votes in that
district upon a contest, including those cast at
the side polls, we should have fifteen hundred
majority instead of their having the majority
they claim. But I leave that as a subject of
contest before the Legislature. These other
cases are like the Alabama case. The votes
were cast, and it is only a question of counting,
and therefore an investigation would be very
proper with a view to a proper understanding
of the matter.
I will take the ninth district, which is com-
posed of Crittenden, St. Francis, and Wood-
ruff counties. In the county of Crittenden
their majority is five hundred, and I think
perhaps one thousand, greater than there are
votes in the county or than ever were in the
County. In Woodruff county they struck off
large numbers. That is a subject of contest
before the Legislature.
In the Pulaski district, without saying what
the result would be on the legislative ticket,
this fact occurred, as will be proven by the
supervisors, that in their presence in Eastman
township and in Campbell township, they
stuffed ballot-boxes, and when they had got
through there were more ballots than names,
and ihey entered fictitious names to correspond
with the ballots.
The twenty-second district is composed of
Chicot, Desha, Ashley, and Drew. In the
county of Chicot their majority is more than
the assessor's returns or the census returns
show that there are voters in that county.
So that of their thirty-six members that they
claim, in point of fact upon a fair vote only
twenty of them could ever have been elected;
sixteen of them, if all the legal voters under
their construction of the law had been allowed
to vote, would not have been elected, and they
would only have elected twenty members of
the lower house and would not have had a
majority of the senate.
Now, the question is, and I ask it in the sense
of wanting good advice, what ought the ma-
jority to do in this case ? Assuming that the
facts are true as I have stated them—and I am
willing for an investigation to show their truth
to their satisfaction without, regard to whom
the committee is, so that there shall not be
one single unbeliever on that committee or one
in the Senate—assuming that state of facts to
be true, that we have a majority of the Legis-
lature in point of fact, that we have a majority
of the State officers in point of fact, and yet by
the use of militia, by the use of Federal troops,
if they can be had for that purpose, the minor-
ity candidates are put into office, what ought
the majority to do? Quietly to submit? I
think not. I think we ought to take all legal
steps in our power. We have'so far. We have
advised in every instance against violence, and
there has been none upon our part. We have
counseled following the law as closely as it
could be followed.
Now, we come here to the Senate, being
at the end of our rope in the State for the
present, and ask, in order that the national
Government may be properly informed on the
subject, that they shall investigate this question
-so that we may have what the Constitution
guaranties to us, a republican form of gov
ernment in Arkansas; a government elected
by a majority of the legal voters of that State.
Tnat is our step up to this time. Suppose we
cannot get that, then what? The Chronicle
says that of course there will be no two Legis-
latures and no two Governors. 1 do not
know, unless physical force prevents, why the
man who is elected will not be inaugurated
as Governor. I do not know why he should
not be. I do not know why the people should
not sustain him in being inaugurated if he has
been duly and fairly elected. If he has not
been, we do not claim anything. That is the
very question we want investigated, and in
order that Congress may know, that the Ad-
ministration of the country may know, who are
right in this controversy, and know whether
we have a majority and are acting in obedience
to that majority in what we do, I think it is
a fair request that the Senate ought to grant;
I think it is a fair way of disposing of this
matter.
I do not care who the committee may be.
You cannot send a committee there that we
are not willing shall take into consideration
all the facts on both sides, look into the whole
matter just as it stands, and we shall be satis-
fied with their report.
Now, that I may show that there is a neces-
sity for this action, I will state that the Gov-
ernor of Arkansas has already called upon the
President for troops. I understand that in-
fantry and artillery, and perhaps cavalry, have
been sent there. The Governor has further
called upon the State guards to turn out mounted
during the months of December and January,
and to hold themselves in readiness to act
