1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
promptly on any ordert and I will have the
order of the Governor read, a copy of which
1 have here. I send it to the desk to be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
[General Order No. 21.]
Headquarters State op Arkansas, ^
Little Hock, J?25,1ST2.
I. Commanders of companies in tlie Arkansas
State guojds are hereby directed to prepare their
men to respond promptly to orders froiu thoe head-
quarters, ea ling upon them for active duty at any
tim.' duilnu the months of December and January
next.
II. Caption? are directed to communicate with
their uompan > officers andenlUted men, to ascertain
\?h.a toree they can turn out mounted, and how
loiisr it will take to rendezvous their companies ready
to inarch after the or.lei i- received, and notify the
adjutant general oj the same.
III. Tne commander of each company is here^v
auinoriied to perfoi m the duties ot mustering olli ■
for his command, to muster into the service t-.i i
recruits as wish to join his company.
IV. Officers are directed to execute this order
quietly and not communicate its contents to persons
uurside the State guards.
By direction oi Governor 0. A. Hadley, com-
mauder-iu-chief.
KEYS DANFORTH,
Acljutaut General.
Mr. RICE. This application for Federal
troops and this call for State militia show very
plainly that an organized force will be at the
capital for the purpose of preventing the major-
ity tandidates from being inaugurated. Upon
the other hand a committee appointed by amass
meeting of the friends of the reform movement
at Little Rock have called a State convention to
meet there on the 4th day of January, the
Saturday prior to the meeting of the Legisla-
ture, with a reque-st that they bring in all the
information that they have in regard to elec-
tion matters in their respective counties, so that
there will be no mistake in regard to the peo-
ple who assemble there knowing who are
actually elected. They will have the proof
there from every precinct and every county in
the State. If that proof shows that Mr.
Brooks and those who ran on the same ticket
with him were elected, there will be an effort
beyond all question to inaugurate Mr. Brooks,
it that proof shows otherwise, there will be
no such effort, but the party will quietly sub
mit.
The object of a committee going there and
going there now is this: that any troubles
arising from either the militia, the Federal
troops, or the citizens, may be avoided by the
presence of the committee. All who were
npon the Ku Klux committee know the effect
of these investigations in the South, know that
they bad a good influence in restoring peace
and quiet, if a congressional committee is
present at the organization of the Legislature
of Arkansas there wilt be no conflict, no col-
lision, no trouble. There will be parties there
who will have the power and the right to know
the facts as they exist, and 110 one is going to
resist them. It will have more effect in keep-
ing order than all the troops you can send.
It will have more effect and more moral
weight on the community than all the troops
you can s°nd. All the people want is that the
persons they have elected shall be installed.
That they desire. That they intend.
I do not want to speak any more than is
necessary. I had rather the question had
passed without discussing it at ail and let the
proof come here and speak for itself. Having
now said all that I care to say, I hope the
Senate will give us the committee and let them
go there and investigate this matter for them-
selves and I shall be satisfied; and I speak for
those upon my side of the question ; they will
all be satisfied with the result.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, it is not
my intention to occupy much of the time of
the Senate at this hour under the circumstances.
I desire to say that if the Senate think it is the
proper thing to do upon the information which !
is before them to send a committee to Arkansas 1
to inquire into these allegations, or any other
allegations, at this time or any other time, 1 am
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 21,
sure I have no objection. Indeed, I almost
begin to think that we ought to have a perma-
nent committee on Arkansas allegations ; a
committee authorized to employ a clerk and to
sit during the recess at Little Rock, to inquire
into all the allegations and bring the allega-
ta s before them. When I say " allegators,"
Mr. President, of course I do not have refer-
ence to those specimens that frequent the
swamps and wilds of Arkansas. I have refer-
ence to a more numerous and iudustrious claBS.
I mean the men, the allegators who make the
allegations. I wish to be understood about
that. [Laughter.]
When I saw the allegations set forth in the
resolution of my colleague I was very much
impressed with the belief that the allegator in
that c.ise was one of the very first water.
Now, Mr. President, what are the facts of
the case? According to my colleague's own
statement, it seems that his party have called
their adhereijts together, have called their
clans together from all parts of the State, to
go to the capital upon a certain day. Why at,
that particular time? Why at the time when
the State government is about to organize and
the Legis'ature to meet? Was it to overawe
the Legislature? I do not know whether that
would be just the right time for a committee
to go to Arkansas, when the adherents of my
colleague were gathering together under pre-
vious notice from all parts of the State. I
would rather, if they go there, they should go
at a time wh -n both parties stood upon an
equality.
He has spoken somewhat about election
frauds and things of that kind. I shall not
occupy any more time of the Senate now than
to say in very mild terms that he understands
the tiling very differently from what I do. I
am compelled to say, with the light which is
before me, and I think that 1 have the same
means of information he has, that his state-
ments, although he may perhaps think they
are true, are not correct.
The great trouble is that the impression pre-
vails throughout the country that there is
already a collision of authority in Arkansas.
I say there is no such thing. My colleague
will not assert that there is any collision of
authority, and F say further that the laws of
Arkansas provide a remedy in every case. It is
very clear and very distinct. I have no doubtif
my colleague were to canvass the votes he would
perhaps elect his ticket; after having heard
his remarks this morning I think he would
elect his ticket; but unfortunately for his cause,
the law provides who shall canvass the votes,
and if these gentlemen, taking in advance the
proposition that this canvass will not be cor-
rectly made, undertake to set up a separate
government, the time may come when you will
find the same undertaking attempted here.
Suppose the last presidential election had
been a close one; suppose both sides claimed
the election of their ticket, because my col-
league might think on account of the peculiar
formation of the two House of Congress his
side would not get a fair canvass, would that
justify him in coming here and setting up
here a separate government, a separate Con-
gress, and installing their officers? I think,
sir, it is a precedent that is dangerous in
every aspect of the case.
What are the facts of this case? The facts
are simply these: thelaw of Arkansas requires
that the judges of election shall make their
returns to the county clerks. The county
clerks are required to take those returns—
they have no right to judge whether the elec-
tion was fair or unfair—and certify those re-
turns to the secretary of State. The secretary
of State is required to take those returns and
make out a list agreeably to those returns of
the members elected to the two houses of the
Legislature, and upon that basis of course the
Legislature is organized. The only difference
between our Legislature and the House of
Representatives here is, that instead of the
Clerk of the House making out.the list as is
done here, the secretary of State there makes
out that, list-
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask one question.
Do I understand you to say that the judges of
election, the clerks, and the secretary of State
have 110 judicial functions in the matter, and
they are only required to make out the vote
as it is returned to them ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Of course.
Mr. RICE. That is the very point we
make, that they have thrown out piec nUs and
counties without any authority of law what-
ever.
Mr. CLAYTON. The only information I
have in relation to the throwing out of pre-
cincts is in regard to the county of Jefferson,
where the county clerk was a member of your
own party organization. There he did throw
| out four hundred and fifty Republican votes
on account, as he says, of informality in the
returns. It seems the returning officer, the
judge of the election, when he brought, those
returns to him failed to certify to them, and
although he afterward came to the clerk with
; correct returns properly certified, the clerk
refuses to receive them. I think when the
Senate come to inquire into that matter, it
will be found that if there has been such a
! precedent, set, your own party set it. Of
! course, if you undertake to throw out returns
on account of informalities, the probability is
that what you propose to apply to your oppo-
nents will be applied to your side also.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Sen-
ator will address the Chair.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir. I ask the par-
don of the Senate and of the Chair.
Now, this list of the secretary of State
shows who have the prima fade case as mem-
bers of the Legislature ; and let me say here
that one half of our State senate hold over.
There can be no question whatever about those
men. The Legislature in order to oiganizc
must have something to start upon. It organ-
izes upon this list. When that organization is
made, then these gentlemen have a light to
come in and test their cases just as they have
in any other legislative body.
How is it as to State officers? There the
clerks of the counties are required to certify
the result to the piesident pro tempore of the
senate, and the president pro tempore of the
senate is required during the first week of the
session to open those returns and make them
public before the two houses of the Legisla-
ture. When the result is announced, of course
the officers are installed. Where is the remedy
there? The remedy is in the contest, of course.
If A or B claims that the elections were ille-
gal, that they were fraudulent, or that the re-
rums were improperly made, he has a chance
to go before the Legislature and establish
those facts in accordance with the usual
usages.
Now, sir, I assert that we have no difficulty
in Arkansas; but in view of the fact, that the
adherents of my colleague are about to con-
vene in the capital of the State on the 14tli of
January, at the time the Legislature convenes
and about the time that a United States Sen-
ator is to be elected, in view of the fact that
that would probably be a very improper time
for this committee to be there, while 1 have no
objection at all to a committee going there,
I suggest that the Senate shouid take some
means to ascertain whether there is sufficient
data to authorize this extraordinary mea.su. e at
this time without further investigation.
One word about this order of the adjutant
general that has been referred to. I rather
expect that that order was issued by the adju-
tant general of the State of Arkansas. When
these gentlemen said they would come to tiie
capital from the various parts of the Slate
under the specious pretense of meeting as a
convention, for the purpose, as they openly
