1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the eleptors-of the several- States for Presi-
dent apd Vice President of the United State^.
The VICEj PRESIDENT. A message has
just come from the House of Representatives,
announcing that they are in readiness for the
entrance of the Senate, to count the electoral
votes. , :
Mr,. SHERMAN. The hour fixed by the
joint rule is one o'clock, and accordingto the
precedent four years ago, when.a similar mes-
sage was received at about the same time, the
Senate waited until the hour of one o'clock,
which is the hour fixed by the joint rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT.,' If there be net
objection, the Chair will submit the message
of the House at about five minute? before one
o'clock, so as to enable the Senate to arrive in
the Hall of the House,of Representatives at
one o'clock. The.Senator from Indiana will
resume.
Mr. PRATT resumed and concluded the
remarks printed above.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a message received from the House of
Representatives, which will be reported by the
Secretary.
'The Chief Clerk read as follows :
In the Bouse of Representatives,
February 12,1873.
Resolved. That the Clerk inform the Senate that
this House is now ready to receive that body, for the
purpose of proceeding to open and$&unt the votes
of electors of the several States for President and
Vice President of the United States^
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the-Senate
proceed to the Hall o(. the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, pre-
ceded by the Sergeant-at-Arms, will now repair
to the Hall of the House of Representatives.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the Hall
of the House of Representatives.
The Senate returned to its Chamber at eight
minutes past two o'clock p. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the count-
ing of .the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent., in the presence of the two Houses, three
questions arose and were stated by the Pre-
siding Officer, and the Senate has returned^ to
its Chamber, under the twenty-second joint
rule, for the purpose of deciding them. The
Secretary will report the firkt objection. The-
tiventy-second joint rule will be found on
page 178 of McDonald's Digest.
The Secretary read as follows:
Mr. Hoar-objects that the votes reported Wthe
tellers as having beeocast.by the electors of the State
ot Georgia for Horace Greeley, of New York, cannot
lawfully be counted because said Horace Greeley, for
whom they appear to bave been cast was dead at the
timo said electors assembled to cast their votes, ana
was pot " a person " within the-raoamnf? of the Con-
stitution,'this being an historic factor which the two
Hotfses may properly take notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT, the Secretary
will report from the certificate of the electors
of the State of Georgia the substantial part
bearing upon this question. ,.
The Secretary read as follows :
That the said electors, being assembled as above
mentioned, and all present, proceeded to vote by bal-
lot for a President of the United States for the term
of four years from the 4th day of March, 1873.
When all the ballots were past and the votes counted,
it appeared that Benjamin Grata Brown, of the
State of Missouri, had received 6votes: Horace
Greeley, of the State of New York, 3 .votes, and
Charles J. Jenkins, of the State of Georgia, 2 votes;
11 votes in all being given by the Electoral College.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This question is
now submitted to the Senate for its decision,
which, under the twenty-secpnd joint rule,
must be without debate. The Secretary will
report the part of the twenty-second joint rule
bearing on this question.
* The Secretary read as follows:
" If, upon the reading of .any suph .ccrtificato by
the tellers, any question shall arise in regard to
counting the votes therein certified, the same, hay-
ing been stated by the Piesiding Officer, the bonate
shall thereupon withdraw, and said question shall
be submitted to that body for its decision ; and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall, m
like manner, submit said question to the House of
Representatives for its decision; and no question
shall be decided affirmatively, and no vote objected
to shall be counted, except- by-the concurrent votes
of-the two Houses; whtoh being obtained, the, two
Houses shall immediately reassemble, arid the Pre-
siding Officer shall then announce 'the decision of the
question submitted, .and upon any such question
there shall be no debate in either House; and any
other question pertinent to the objeot for which the
two Houses are assembled may he submitted and
determined in like manner.?"
Mr. ALCORN. I ask leave to offer a reso-
lution, Which I will submit in writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This question is
usbmitted to the Seriate for its decision. The
usage has been that it should be in writing, as
the precise terms of the decision musf, be com-
municated to the other House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood the Senator
from Mississippi was to offer a resolution. , I
was about to offer one.
Mr. ALCORN. I beg pardon, Mr, Presi-
dent ; is the objection of the member from
Massachusetts now up"?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion submitted is that in regard to the votes
cast by the electors of the State of Georgia for
Mr. Greeley.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that subject I offer
the following resolution;
Remlved, That the electoral votes of Georgia cast
for Horace Greeley bo not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Mr. THURMAN. I have an amendment
to offer to that resolution.
Mr. BO RE MAN. I wish to make an inquiry:
whether this resolution is subject; to debate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not under
the twenty-second joint rule.
Mr. STEWART. Is it in order to call for
the reading of that section of the Constitution
under which the votes are counted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear that
r6The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first part of the twelfth article
of amendment to 'the Constitution of the
United States. ■ •
The Secretary read as follows:
"The electors shall meet in their respective States,
and vote by ballot for President and Viqe Presi-
dent, one of whoip, at least, shall not be an inhab-
itant of the same State with themselves;, they shall
n&oje in their ballots the person voted for as Pres-
ident, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as
Viee President', and they shall make distinct lists of
all persons voted ftir as President and of all persoqs
voted-for as Vice President, and of the member of
votes for ea«h, which lists thoyshnll sign and certify
and transmit sealed to the seat 'of tho Government
of the United States, -directed to the President of tho
Senate. The President of tile Senate shnll, in the
presence of tho Senate and House of Representa-
tives, open all the certificates, and the votes shall
then be counted; t.he person having the greatest
number of votes for President shall be the President,
if such number be a majority of the whole number
of electors appointed; and if no person hare such
majority, then from thb persons haying the highest
numbers not exceeding three on the H0t of those
voted for as President, the House of Representatives
shall choose immediately by ballot the President.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the jesolotion
be read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
proposed by the Senator from Vermont will
be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the electoral votes of Georgia cast
for Horace Greeley be not counted.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the word " not."
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that amendment I
ask for the yeas and nays, only because it is a
matter of importance.
Mr. SCOTT. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment i
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; bu(. the
question must first be taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr, SCOTT. I have drawn what I propose
as an amendment to the amendment: :
That the Votes for Horace Greeley areen titled to
be counted, postponing the question of the, legal
effect of votes cast for a man who shall appear to
nave been dead when they were coat, until tac-whofe
vote shall como to bo oounted. . ,4
ThW VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
a substitute 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the point of
ordfer that that does not comply With the joint
rule? which requires us to decide whether the
v6te shall be counted or not. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that in the form presented by
the Senator from Pennsylvania his propositioh
would be a substitute for the resolution ; and
therefore the first question according to par-
liamentary law would be on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio to perfect the res-
olution. But the Chair sustaiiis the point
made by the Senator from Vermont that this
is not a decision of the question. When the
two branches meet in their respective Cham-
bers, they must, in the language of the rule,
decide the question submitted. The questiott
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to strike out the word "not," upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask a
question of the Chair. Suppose the amend-
ment be lost, or otherwise, 1 presume it will
be in order, of course, afterward to amend
the resolution by adding something to it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly. The
Secretary will call the roll on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio striking out the
word "not."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 47, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Cole.ConUliiiK.Cooper,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Feuton .Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Ifrolinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland,Harlan, Hitchcock,Johnston;
Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Machen, Morrill of Maine,
Norwood. Patterson, Pool, Ransom,Rice, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Sohura, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Steven-
son, Stewait, Stockton, Thurinuiu,Tipton,Trumbull,
Vickors, and Wright—47. ,, ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Borbman, Buckingham,
and Wisdom—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Osbom.
Pomeroy, Rsinisey, Spencer, Sumner, and Wilson—8.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment is agreed to, and the word "not" is
striken out. The question now is on the reso-
lution as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
resolution by adding a lew words. 1 will read
the resolution as it is, and as it would be if my
amendment were adopted.
Retained, That the electoral votes of Georgia cast
for Horace Greoley be counted.
So the resolution stands now. I propose to
add tbe words— .
The function of tbe joint convention being minis-
terial merely, and this question being independent
of the question of the effect of the votes or of the
count.
I offer these additional words as au amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves to amend by adding to
tte resolution words which will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to add to the resolution the following:
The function of the joint convention being min-
isterial merely, and this question being independent
of the question of the effect of the votes or of the
count.
, Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
New York will withdraw that. It requires us
to vote on a question of great difficulty with-
out debate. The precise function of the joint
convention is oue of the most" delicate and
difficult questions in our system.
Mr. CONKLING. I think, if my friend
will attend to the resolution, he will not ask
me to withdraw the amendment on that ground.
I have no right to debate it; but I ask htm to
