1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
atteod to tbe resolution so far as to see that
the design of the words—and if they are not
well chosen I hope he will improve them—is to
restrict and restrain the decision of this body
to that single point, so as not to have the
vagueness of the resolution imply that we in-
tepd to say anything as to the effect of the
count after it is made.
Mr. ANTIJONY. Is there any joint con-
vention? Is there any such Body as a joint
contention? Has it any functions at all?
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that is in the nature of debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know but that
it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it was a par-
liamentary question for the Chair, it would
not be debate; but it is a constitutional ques-
tion that the Senator from Rhode Island is
presenting, and such an inquiry is in the
nature of debate.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest an amend-
ment 
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will allow
me, in consequence of the remark of the Sen
ator from Ohio, I will modify my amendment
as I will now read it:
The function of the.joint convention in counting
votes being ministerial merely, and this question
being independent of the question of the effect of
the votes or of the count.
. f think that will relieve it of the objection
made by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. MORTON. I Suggest to the Senator
from New York to strike out the words "joint
convention" and insert "the two Houses."
Mr. CONKLING. I accept the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is modified so as to say " two Houses " instead
of "joint convention."
Mr. STEWART. I move a substitute, to
come in after the other words, to this effect:
Be oounted for the purpose of ascertaining the
whole number of electors appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from Nevada state whether he offers an
amendment to the resolution, or an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
New York?
Mr. MORTON. The votes may as well be
counted for Greeley as counted blank, so far
as the whole number is concerned.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the proposi-
tion,for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
wi,U be cead as modified.
The amendment was read, as follows:
The function of the two Houses in counting the
votes being immaterial merely, and this question
being independent of thequestion of the effect of the
votes or ot the count.
Mr. BAYARD. I raise a point of order on
that amendment. The proposition does not
affe<?t in any way or change the substance of
the resolution, and constitutes a mere recital
of a legal proposition, and therefore is not an
amendment. It does not change or affect in
any way the substance of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
irom Delaware submits the point order which
he has stated, and the Chair submits it to the
feenate for its decision.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a matter of taste, not
01 order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
Irom Delaware objecting to the reception of
this amendment, the question is, will the
oenate receive it as an amendment under the
twenty-second joint rule ?
question being put, a division was
m r w?eTa.?es 25> noes 82.
Mr, CONKLING. I aak for fcbe yeas and
nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Now will the Chair be
kind enough to state the question to the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York having moved an amendment
to add to the resolution what has been re-
ported, the Senator from Delaware makes the
point of order that it is not in order under the
twenty-second joint rule as an amendment,
it being matter of argument. rather than a
decision of the question. The Chair submits
that question to the Senate, and the yeas and
nays have been ordered npon it, whether the
Senate will receive it as an amendment under
the twenty-second joint rule.
Mr. CARPENTER. After which the ques-
tion will be upon agreeing to the amendment?
# The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion will be on receiving the amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. But afterward? We
do not vote on the amendment now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is, whether the amendment can be re-
ceived under the twenty-second joint rule ?
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. I ask that the
resolution be read as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the electoral votes of Georgia cast
for Horace Greeley be counted, the function of the
two Houses in counting the votes being ministerial
merely, and this question being independent of the
question of the efi'ect of the votes or of the count.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it in order for me to
restate the grounds of my point of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not, unless the Senator says that the Chair has
stated it incorrectly. The Senator stated it
himself and the Chair repeated it.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Chair be kind
enough to state what he supposes to be the
grounds of my point of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The stenog-
rapher who took down the Senator's words
has gone out of the Chamber. If there be no
objection, the Senator from Delaware will
state his point of order specifically.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Chair permit
another Senator to state the reasons why this
amendment is in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that would not be in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine objects. The point of order has
been stated. The Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 32 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling. Corbett, Cra-
gm, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, IMomll of Vermont, Morton, Patterson,
Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott. Sherman, Stewart,
West, Windom, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair.
Casserly, Cole, Cooper, D.ivis, JSdmunds, Fenton,
ferry of Connecticut. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Machen, Norwood, Pool, Bice,
Kobertson. Saulspury, Schurz, Spraeue, Stevenson,
sts$ton Tipton, Trambull, and Vickers-32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cam-
eron, Nye, Osbora, Pomeroy, Bansom, Spencer,
Sumner. Thuraan, and Wilson—11.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon the ques-
tion submitted by the Senator from Delaware,
whether the Senate shall receive this amend-
ment under the twenty-second joint rule, the
yeas are 30 and the nays are 32. So the Senate
declines to receive the amendment under the
twenty-second joint rule.
Mr. CONKLING. As that amendment has
been lost on a question of order, I will offer
the same idea in another form, not wishing of
course to antagonize the view of the Senate.
Iherefore I move to amend the resolution by
inserting after the words "resolved, that"
the words " the function of the two Houses
in respect of the count of votes being minis-
terial and independent of the question of the
effect of the vote;" and I will remark, if I am
in order, that I have changed the phraseology
about counting the votes. As some Senator
suggested to me that the amendment which I
ottered applied to the two Houses counting
rather than to witness the count of votes, I
now adopt tbe phraseology " the function of
the two Houses in respect of the count of
votes being ministerial and independent of the
question of the effect of the votes."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves an amendment which
he has stated from his seat.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that that amend-
ment be reported by the Clerk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert after the word " that" in the first line
of the resolution these words: "the function
of the two Houses in respect of the count of
the votes being ministerial merely, and this
question being independent of the question of
the effect of the votes."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to this amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I raise the point of order
that we have just voted upon this amend-
ment and therefore it is not in order to offer
it again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware makes the point of order that
the Senate has just voted upon this amend-
ment. Is that the point ?
Mr. BAYARD. I wish it understood also
that I raise the same point of order in respect
to the present amendment that I did upon the
one the Senate has just voted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the Sen-
ator from Delaware makes the same point of
order against this amendment that he made
against the previous amendment. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate. The
Chair states that in doing this he does it as he
believes it to be his doty, because it is well
known that there has been a wide difference
of opinion as to the clause of the Constitution
in regard to the counting of the votes. Its
language is : " the President of the Senate
shall, in the presence of the Senate and House
of Representatives, open all the certificates,
and the votes shall then, be counted' and the
question in dispute has been whether they
shall be counted by the two Houses, or
whether they shall be counted by the Presiding
Officer. The twenty-second joint rule remit-
ted this question distinctly to the two Houses
of Congress, and they thereby expressed their
opinion that the President of the Senate has
simply one duty to perform, to open the cer-
tificates. Therefore, these questions arising
incidentally; the Chair prefers to submit them
to the Senate, and he submits this question
also as he did the previous one. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate agree to receive the
last amendment offered by the Senator from
New York ?
Mr. CONKLING. As it will take but a
moment, I ask that the resolution as it will
stand if amended may be read, in order that
the Senate may see the difference between the
amendment I offered before and the one I now
offer.
_lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read as it will stand if the amendment
shall be agreed to, the question still being on
receiving the amendment under the twenty-
second joint rule.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the function of the two Houses in
respect of the count of votes being ministerial, and
independent of the question of the effect of the vote,
tbe electoral votes of Georgia cast for Horace Gree-
ley be counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is that part which comes in before the words
" the electoral votes of Georgia cast for Hor-
ace Greeley be counted." The question is, will
the Senate receive this as an amendment to the
pending resolution, under the twenty-second
joint rule ?
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that it appeared to be decided in
the negative.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays.
