1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, .resulted—yeas 28, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Conkling. Corbett, Cragin, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis,Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Sherman, Stewart, West, Wmdom, and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Davis, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Machcn, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sohurz, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cameron,
Goldthwaite, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Thurman, and
Wilson—13.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the question
will the Senate receive this amendment under
the twenty-second joint rule, the yeas are 28
and the nays are 82, The nays have it. The
amendment is not received. The question
recurs on the resolution as amended, which
will be again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
_ _.  , That the electoral vote of Georgia cast
for Horace Greeley be counted.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. MORTON called
for the yeas and nays on the adoption of the
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 44, nays 19; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, 1< lanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly. Lewis, Logan,
Machen, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Patterson, Pool,
Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Chandler, Coilkling, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Hill, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pratt,
Ramsey, and W est—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Osborn,
Pomeroy .Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer. Sumner. Wil-
son, and. YVindom—10.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
as amended is agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. May I inquire whether
that was a concurrent resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has to be
concurrent action of the two Houses. It has
been ruled previously that it does not require
to be in terms a concurrent resolution ; but it
requires the concurrent action of the two
Houses affirmatively to count votes which are
objected to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would not that be the
proper form ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point was
discussed, as far as it could be under the rule
prohibiting debate, four years ago, and it was
decided that such a resolution should not be a
concurrent resolution, because the two Houses
might differ, and the twenty-second joint rale
provided for that difference effecting a certain
result. The action of the Senate, however,
will be communicated to the House of Repre-
sentatives. The Secretary will now report
the objection made by the Senator from Illi-
nois in the presence of the two Houses.
The Secretary read as follows:
Mr. Trumbull objects to counting the votes cast
for President and Vice President by the electors in
the State of Mississippi, for the reason that it does
not appear from the certificate of said electors that
they voted by ballot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit a resolution
which
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first submit the p&psr that bears on this par*
ticular question. ,
The Secretary read the following certifi-
cate :
" On this Wednesday, the 4th day of December,
at the city of Jackson, in the State of Miasissip:pi,
the electors therefor assembled tor the PurP°|| °.J
voting for President and Vice President of 1thefol-
ted States, and they accordingly voted, with the ioi
lowing result," &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 offer a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Now the Senator
from Illinois moves a resolution, which will
be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the electoral vote of the State of
Mississippi be counted.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to have the
objection reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
will now be reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was reported.
The Secretary. •" Mr. Trumbull objects
to counting the votes cast for President and
Vice President by the electors in the State of
Mississippi, for the reason that it does not ap-
pear from the certificate of said electors that
they voted by ballot."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Upon reflection, I think
we must count the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. THURMAN. There were two points
reserved as to Mississippi; one made by a
member of the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the third
objection, which will be considered after this
one shall be decided.
Mr. THURMAN. Then this resolution
ought to be that the vote of Mississippi shall
be counted, notwithstanding it does not appear
that it was given by ballot, so as to show what
point is decided.
Mr. MORTON. The other objection I
think ought to come first.
Mr. CONKLING. I must make a point of
order on the Senator from Ohio making such
a suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Ohio submit his proposition in writing?
Mr. THURMAN. The resolution embraces
the whole vote of Mississippi.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot have debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This seems to be
in the nature of debate.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest that the resolu-
tion is out of order, inasmuch as it covers
both objections. The objections should be
taken separately.
Mr. THURMAN. I am perfectly content
to vote for the resolution as it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Secretary report
the resolution again ?
The Secretary read Mr. Tkumbwix's reso-
lution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend that res-
olution by adding at the end thereof the words
" in full," which will meet both cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say "all the electoral
votes."
Mr. HAMLIN. I will amend it, at the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Vermont, so as to
read as the decision of the Senate that all the
electoral votes of the State of Mississippi be
counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the law of
Mississippi be read b;y the Secretary on the
second point, which will show the Senate how
the law seems to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, this law will be reported.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Sec. 382. The electors chosen shall meet at the
scat of government of the State on the first Wednes-
day in Decomber aft er such election, and snai l thero
give their votes for President and Vice President ot
the United States, and make return thereof, agree-
ably to the laws of the United States; and should it
happen that any elector, so chosen, shall fail to
attend and give his vote, the other electors attend-
ing shall appoint some person or persons to nil such
vacancy or vacancies, who shall attend and vote as
electors: and such appointments shall be iorthwitn
reported to the secretary of State. —Remand Code
of Mississippi, 1871, page 98.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have the secretary
of State's certificate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I accept the amend-
ment to insert the word "all."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as modified.
Mr, BAYARD. Let it be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as modi-
fied, as follows:
Mesolped, That all the electoral Yotes of the State
of Mississippi be counted. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he has not submitted to the Senate
the third objection made 111 presence of the two
Houses by a Representative from New York,
[Mr. Potter,] affecting one of these persons
and his election as a substitute ; but the Chair
does not think it will be in the nature of debate
to state that in the presence of the two Houses
there was a third objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me, then, it
would be better to have this separate. The
Senator from Maine who moved this amend-
ment has left the Chamber, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois withdraws his consent to the ac-
ceptance of the amendment, the Chair will
submit it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For the sake of our
action going to the House in proper form, I
think the questions had better be decided sep-
arately. 1 withdraw my Acceptance of the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question,
then, is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that the order
be reversed, aud we take the question first upon
the objection raised by the Representative
from New York, [Mr. Potter,] and then take
the question upon the objection raised by the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. MORTON, and others. ThSS is right.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I withdraw my amend-
men t.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine withdraws his amendment. Does
the Senator from Rhode Island persist in his
suggestion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I renew my suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair reserving the second ob-
jection made by the Senator from Illinois,
will submit the third objection made by a Rep-
resentative from New York, touching one of
these electors.
Mr. MORTON. I call for the reading of
the objection and the reading of the certifi-
cate. . ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second ob-
jection will be held in reserve by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, aud the Secretary
will now report the third objection made in
the presence of the two Houses by the Repre-
sentative from New York, [Mr. Pottuh,} and
the paper upon which it bears.
The Secretary read as follows:
Mr. Potter objects to the counting of one voto
of the State of Mississippi, because the certificate
declares that. Spellman was appointed an elector in
the stead of A. F. Morgan, absent, by the electoral
college of that State, in accordance with the laws
of that State, is not signed by the Governor of the
State: and further, that the certificate of the Secre-
tary of State road does not certify anything ot his
own knowledge, but only states that he has been so
notified, as he certifies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now read the certificate of the secretary
of State of Mississippi.
The Secretary read as follows:
State op Mississippi,
Executive Djcpaktment,
Jackson, Mississippi, December 4,1872.
This is to certify that on the 4th day of December,
A. D. 1872,1 was notified by the college of electors
of the State of Mississippi that, at a meeting there
being held by them for the purpose of giving their
votes for President and Vice President of the Urn tea
States, A. 1?\ Morgan, one ot the electors, not being
present, they duly appointed J. J. Spellman to mi
the said vacancy, the said appointment being matte
in accordance with section throe hundreaana cjgnty-
two Revised Code 1871 of the State of Mississippi.
r , JAMES Li.Nl/ii.
U" S.J Secretary of State.
Mr. MORTON. I inquire if there is any
certificate by the electors themselves of the
election of this man to fill the vacancy / [' N Q .
"No!"]
