1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
The PRESID ENT pro tempore. The Chai r
does not understand the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I understand the Chair
to decide that the motion cannot be entertained
to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has submitted that question to the Senate.
The Senator from Ohio asked the opinion of
the Chair, and the Chair stated it. It is rather
a novel question to the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. But. for the yeas and
nays having been ordered, I should not say
one word on this question, and I am not will-
ing now to say anything by way of argument,
but simply to state the ground upon which I
shall vote.
The Senator from Vermont insists that, like
a resolution in the ordinary sense, a resolution
calling for information, or something standing
independent upon its own footing, this pro-
posed order of the Senate must lie over under
the rule. I do not believe that is the meaning
of the rule, nor am I convinced by the argu-
ment of the Senator from Vermont that any
good reason exists for so extending the rule.
He says that this bill has passed from the
possession of the Senate. That I deny. He
Rays it is in the hands of the Committee on
Appropriations. That I admit. It is iu the
custody and under the control of the Senate
all the time, committed now to the exam
ination of one of it# committees, but being all
the time under its control. I have no doubt
jf the right of the Senate under the rule, and
ipon the general principles of parliamentary
law. to do anything with that bill, from time
10 time, except so far as the rules impose upon
it restrict ions. I have no doubt of the power
of the Senate to order a committee to report
a bill forthwith. I have no doubt of the right
of the Senate, although it is contrary to its
custom, to instruct a committee at any moment
in regard to its action upon a bill. I have no
doubt of the right of a member to move to
reconsider and to proceed at once to the con-
sideration of that question; and yet every
argument I have beard upon principle against
this practice would be applicable to a motion
to reconsider.
But now we are called upon to go so far as
to say in effect, as I understand, that if we ask
an order that the papers of A B be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to a
committee, thai, is a resolution which must lie
over; and I must say that f thiuk it would be
a great deal nearer the rule than this. And
yet can it be that if a committee, for its use,
to day or to-morrow wants papers on the files
of the Senate, the Senate cannot make an order
that those papers be handed to the committee
without a resolution being offered and lying
over one day to come up as a resolution ?
Mr. President, see how this would operate.
See what would be the inconvenience and the
necessity for modifying the rule if that were
ita meaning, that it, never should be in order
to offer such an order of the Senate except in
the morning hour when resolutions are called,
and then upon the objection of a single Sen-
ator it must lie over to be taken up the second
day, and then all these orders for the trail 3-
minion of papers from one committee to
another or fiom the files ot the Senate to a
couimitti-e must take each its opportunity iu
the long sequence ot these resolutions. It
seems to me that if that, were the meaning of
the rule, it. certainly ought to be relaxed, and
that the Senate should have the power, par-
ticularly when a motion comes, as in this ease,
from the committee itself, to discharge the eom-
mitteeandbringthe bill before the Senate, and
then if the bill has been read but once it can be
read butouee more on that day, and is subject
to various other restrictions and impositions
under the rules. But the idea that the Senate
cannot by an order call upon a committee to
report a bill at once or cannot discharge a
committee at ouce, or commit a bill to another
committee, is a stretch of this rule which I can-
not think it was intended to have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from New York wherein this mo-
tion practically differs from the ordinary mo-
tion to take up a certain bill? If we have a
right to make a motion to take up a certain
bill for action without previous notice, it would
seem to me that we can call on a committee
to report a bill, and have immediate action.
Mr. CONKLING. And so it would seem
to me, and I thank the Senator for the sug-
gestion, and I ask this question in return :
where does this differ from an order rescinding
a resolution? Suppose to-day an order has
been made that the papers in some case be
withdrawn from the files ; some Senator dis-
covers that there is an adverse report in that
case; he rises and moves to rescind that
order, is that motion a resolution which must
lie over to a future day? And so you may
put a great variety of illustrations, some of
them perhaps coming very near the line on the
one side or the other, but most of them like
this, as it seems to me, distinguishable from
the case of a resolution as known in parlia-
mentary law, and as denominated as one order
of business in the Senate to be in order at a
particular time in the morning hour and sub-
ject to the rule which governs it.
Although I agree with what Senators have said,
that the practice would be very dangerous, hap-
hazard, to discharge this and that and the other
committee and snatch up bills without notice—
and I think the discretion of the Senate ought
to be reliable against such a practice as that—
I beg to remind them that there is nothing
human that may not be abused. There is
nothing that I know of which an individual or
a body can use that may not be abused, and
the danger of abuse is not an answer usually to
a principle or a mode of proceeding. There-
fore I shall vote, in accordance with the sug-
gestion which I made before, to affirm the
power of the Senate at any moment, as the
Senator from Vermont farthest from me [Mr.
Morrill] suggests, to take up a bill whether
that bill at the moment is on the Calendar or
in the hands of a committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems very
clear to me what the rule ought to be, that we
ought to have the power to discharge a coin
inittee without, giving one day's notice and
that there ought tu be a rule against consider-
ing a bill ihe same day the committee is dis-
charged ; and, if it is agreeable to the Senate,
I would move that this subject be referred to
the Committee on Rules, and then by unan-
imous consent let us take up this bill that all
agree we ought to consider to-day. If there is
no objection, I would make that motion that
this question be referred to the Committee on
Rules to report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not see that that
helps it any for this present moment, because
the Committee on Rules would be just as
much in the dark until they find out what is
the present opinion of the Senate as they are
at this moment after this debate on both sides.
We do not know how the Senate want the
rule to be. We only know that, here are the
rules, which I take the liberty ot saying the
universal practice of the Senate in construing
them has heid to require, as they required the
Senator from Ohio, when the Vice President,
perhaps the best parliamentarian in the coun-
try, held that this motion could not bo made
cxcept upon a day's notice, and iu a ease of
extreme political importance that the motion
must go over. Now, the question is, if wo are
to have a change in this rule, to know in the
first place what the Senate wants, and we can-
not very well tell what the Senate wants until
we find out how it construes the rule that it
has. If it holds that this committee may be
now discharged immediately, then we shall
have taken one step to know what the rule
means hereafter; and then if another rule is
required, as it would be probably, to stop the
consideration of the bill on that day, it would
be necessary for the Committee on Rules to
report such a rule.
But as it now stands the real truth is—it is
useless to make any disguises about it—that
the Committee on Appropriations wish to re-
port to-day a bill that they have considered,
and ihey wish to have it considered on the
very day it is reported, contrary to the rules
of the Senate; and in order to get before the
Senate their report of this bill, which they will
tell you when they have reported it they have
examined and recommend so and so about—I
do not, know what the recommendation will
be, but I assume it to be a good oue—they
seek to defeat the very rule under which they
have been considering this bill. To evade the
very rule which holds that their consideration
shall be subject to our review for one day, the
gentleman in charge of the bill gets up on the
part of the committee and moves that the com-
mittee be discharged. Now, does not that
come pretty near being what would be called
outside a trick ? Does it not come very near
being what we are entitled to call iu this body
an evasion of rule?
I think the very fact my friend from New
York has referred to, that this is a case
where the committee itself wish to get this bill
before the Senate—that very fact, if there is
any value or propriety in a rule which regu-
lates reports of committees, ought to be a rea-
son for making us careful, no matter how good
the object may be, in laying down a rule which
authorizes a committee, 4$ the Senator from
Illinois has said, to get any of its business be-
fore the Senate without any notice at all, by
the gentleman in charge of a bill getting up and
instead of making his report saying, "1 move
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of this bill; " and that being
agreed to, he rises again and says, "The com-
mittee who had charge of that bill have fully
considered it; and but for this little perform-
ance of discharging the committee I should
have been instructed to report that the bill
ought to pass with amendments," or without.
The result would be that it would be a flagrant
evasion, as everybody would see, of a rule
that is designed to protect the Senate against
the dangers of hasty legislation and of unfair
aud deceptive'legislation slipped through when
the jlteiitiouof the Senate wat not called to it..
Mr. President, if there is auy value in hav-
ing a rule of this character to prevent abuses
and indiscretions in legislation, is it not best to
stand by it manfully? Is it best to turn around
and say we will do a thing by an evasion
which the rule, for the best of reasons of policy
in respect to legislation, says we shall not do
directly and manfully in the ordinary way.
1 Ho not intend, however, to reason upon
the theory of this thing, but only for a moment
to call the attention of the Senate to the fact
lliat. it, is now asked to reverse the rulings of
the Vice President of the United States, made
with the universal assent and approval of the
Senate, in order that we may declare that here-
after auy bill may be taken out of committee
without a single moment's notice. That is
what I object to. As I have said—and I do
not, wish to be misundersluLd—.illhuugh 1.
think there aie ciiticisms which can he pi. p-
erly and justly made Upon this bill as it, stands,
yet knowing as I do the need of the laboring
people in this District who have worked uimu
these streets to be paid, I aui not the person
to slaud liere and interpose my objection to
the bill being considered ; but my poiut w;us,
inasmuch as we had debated it, to have the
Senate express its opinion on what the rule
means, aud then we shall all have notice as to
other bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey moves that the question
be referred to the Committee on Rules. A
question of order is a bar to all proceedings,
and the question must be settled in some way,
either by withdrawing it or disposing of it.
I :
