326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
December 20,
To refer it is not in order. The Cbair, there-
fore, thinks the motion of the Senator from
New Jersey is not admissible.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not propose to pro-
long the discussion as to the construction of
the rale, bat one remark of the honorable
Senator from Vermont would perhaps justify
me in reiterating what I stated in the outset
He says that outside this might be denomi-
nated a trick of the committee. I am very
certain that the Senate, if they will bear in
mind my statement when I made the motion,
will say that there was no trick intended by
me in making the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend did
not understand me as meaning to say that.
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly not. I said at
the time I made it that the motion was made
for the very purpose of bringing the bill before
the Senate for action to-day, and in order to
avoid a single objection passing it over until to-
morrow, so that the Senate had full notice when
I made the motion of my object, and I had no
design, and the committee had none, of obtain-
ing a snap judgment or playing any sort of
tricks upon the Senate. We fully stated our
object at the time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations be discharged from the
further consideration of the deficiency bill,
and the Senator fromYermont raises the point
of order that it is not competent to consider
this motion on the same day it is offered, and
the question the Chair has submitted to the
Senate is, is it competent for the Senate to
proceed to the present consideration of the
motion of the Senator from Minnesota? On
this question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, as a
member of the minority here, I feel that the
question now before the Senate has a special
interest for me and for those, like me, who
are members of the minority. The Senator
from New York said awhile ago that it was
no argument against this motion that the
power might be abused. Probably if the Sen-
ator had considered more fully what he meant
to convey, he would have said that where a
power i& a just one in itself, it is no argument
against it that it may be abused, for that may
be said of all human power, however whole-
some and however guarded. But here is a
power that it seems to me is an abuse in itself
on its face. When you have stated that, if
ihat be true, it is the strongest reason in the
world why no such power should be exercised
in this case or in any other. It should not
be exercised in this case because it establishes
a precedent for any other and for all others
that may occur in the future. What security
has a member of the minority here if it is com-
petent for any member of the majority at any
time, in the midst of a debate, without notice,
to take a bill from the hands of a committee,
get it back into the Senate, put it upon its
passage, and make a lew of it within a quar-
ter of an hour ? When bills are committed to
the appropriate committee, it is with the idea
that they shall be examined by the committee,
discussed, and brought back here whenever
the judgment of the committee is sufficiently
formed to permit that to be done. When did
this bill come here? I understand from some-
thing I heard from a member of the commit-
tee, not now in his seat, that it did not reach
the Senate until late yesterday afternoon.
Mr. WINDOM. In answer to the Senator
from California, I will say that it was referred
yesterday ; the committee sat this morning, and
examined it and was ready to report.
Mr. CASSERLY. The statement I heard
was that it came here yesterday afternoon.
The reference of it, doubtless, was earlier in
the day.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not remember the
tour.
Mr. CASSERLY. The proposition is that
upon a bill referred yesterday, which the com-
mitted read and took up this morning, it is to
be taken out of the bands of the committee
before it has acted and before it is ready to
report.
Mr. WINDOM. I beg to state further, that,
pursuing the course we nave adopted in refer-
ence to other bills at the. short session, the
committee gave it a very careful consideration
while it was on its passage in the House, and
ad no amendments were made of much import-
ance we reexamined it iq committee this morn-
ing ; so that it has received full examination.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I understand that
the real motive of this proceeding is to avoid
the operation of the rule, which, if the bill
were regularly reported back here from the
committee, would permit a single objection to
the consideration of it on the day on which it
was reported to send it over for another day.
If that be the object, I suggest that it is an
object, however good the motives of those who
are pursuing it at present, which is in direct
conflict with one of the most fundamental rules
of parliamentary proceeding.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator will allow me
to say that I do not understand that we are
violating any rule- If the motion I have made
be in order and if upon the success of that
motion the bill would come at once before the
Senate for.its action, it seems to me that I am
proceeding under the rule. The question now
for the Senate to decide is whether this is a
violation of the rule or not. If the motion is
made in accordance with the rule and the bill
then comes up on the success of this motion,
the rules are not violated.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the Senator
from Minnesota could hardly have heard what
I said. He has evidently misunderstood what
I said. I ask the Senator now why he does
not report his bill back to the Senate?
Mr. WlNDOM. I answer the Senator,
because if I report it back to the Senate a
single objection would pass it over. There
are no concealments about that. Believing
that py the other route I could under the
rules briqg the bill before the Senate, I have
taken the other route^vf^^ I thought would
lead to success. '
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend from Minne-
sota did not understand what I'have just b^en
saying, for I said precisely what he has now
said, that the motive for this action on his
part was to evade—I do not use the word
in any disrespectful sense—to get around, to
avoid the operation of one of the most whole-
some rules we have in parliamentary law.
Mr. VVINDOM. I think the Senator does
not understand me. I think I understand him.
The only question between us is whether it is
an evasion if by one course of action you can
under the rules reach a result and cannot under
the other. I simply propose to adopt that
course which will reach the result without vio-
lating any rule as I suppose.
Mr. CASSERLY. Why, sir, the rule that
no bill shall be considered upon the day of its
appearance in the Senate from a committee
is as much a fundamentel rule of this Senate
as though it were a provision of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It is a wholesome
rule ; it is a rule which has worked well. It
is one of the few securities which a minority
have in this body against the abuse of power
by the majority, and I repeat if there were no
other objection to the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota that ought to be conclusive,
that the effect of it is to avoid the limitations
of that wholesome rule and practically to
render it a nullity.
Let this precedent be established, and who
afterward will hesitate to follow it when the
purpose is to get a bill here in hot haste, have
it taken up, and considered in advance of the
limitation of one day, and passed into a law ?
Why, Mr. President, it is one of the most
dangerous precedents that could be estab-
lished. Can we do by indirection what we
cauqot <|o by direction? Of coarse we cannot
do it by indirection. There can be no better
reason given for the rule that this motiop
should lie over for one day than the, fact which
I have just brought to the attention of the
Senate.
I do not understand that there is anything
in the Texas <jase to sustain the idea that the
motion was taken up ,in the Senate and
adopted without notice. There was notice
given, full notice of one day. Upon that
notice the motiou was taken up by the Senate
on the following day and adopted.
I know nothing about the alleged hardships
in case this bill should not become a law. If
there are such hardships, they are to be
regretted. If there are such hardships, the
fault for them lies not in this body, but it lies
with those who did not take time by the fore-
lock and who did not bring in a bill of this
kind in season to permit it to be properly dis-
cussed in committee, permit it to be brought
before this body in conformity with its pro-
prieties and with its established rules of order
for the protection of parliamentary privileges,
and especially of the rights and privileges of
the minority. I should regard it as a precedent
full of mischief if, under the shape of a motion
to discharge a committee—without notice of
the motion—frpm the consideration of a bill,
the rule which requires a bill to lie over for
one day is to be forever overthrown practi-
cally in this body.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it occurs
to me that the Senator from California has
been discussing a question that is not before
the Senate at all, He has been discussing the
question whether the bill from the considera-
tion of which the committee is discharged can
be taken up on the same day that the com-
mittee is discharged. That is not the ques-
tion at all. This is a question about discharg-
ing the committee. If we shall discharge the
committee, then the question whether we can
take up the bill on the same day is an entirely
different question. There the Senator's argu-
ment comes in, but this is a mere motiou to
discharge the committee.
Now, sir, a motion is not a resolution. You
may run through our rules and through Cash-
ing' s Manual, and you will find that motions
and resolutions are treated as being entirely
distinct things. That rule of ihe Senate which
requires a resolution to lie over one day if
objection is made,, has no application to a
motion, and the requirement of lying over
one day simply applies to resolutions, and
contemplates resolutions in writing.
Rules 9, 10, and 11 of the Senate refer to
motions, and to motions only. Rule 11 pre-
scribes the order in which certain motions
may be made during a debate, first to ad-
journ, then a motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business, to lay on the
table, to postpone indefinitely, to postpone to
a day certain, to commit. Can a motion to
refer be required to lie over one day? Cer-
tainly not. It is just as much a resolution as
this motion to discharge a committee. If you
may require a motion to refer a bill to be acted
on upon the same day it is made, you may
require a motion to discharge a committee to
be acted upon on the same day. It is a mere
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question just there?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him if he does not
know that the rule expressly provides that
when a question is under debate a motion to
refer or to postpone may be made as upon the
bill, and the order in which such motions inay
be made, so that his illustration does notappiy
at all ?
Mr. CONKLING. How is it with amotion
to reconsider?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same provision is
made.
Mr. MORTON. I was simply referring to
