1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1291
the State, however, as the Senator from that
State will gay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has now communicated to the Senate the con-
tents of the seal on top of the page, which is a
printed seal. The seal at the bottom of the
page is a seal impressed. The Secretary will
read the printed seal as far as he can.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have no doubt about
that being the seal of the State of Texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will describe the printed seal at the head of the
The Chief Clerk. The seal consists of a
lone star surrounded by concentric circles, and
a wreath in the inner one, with the words
" The State of Texas—1836, 1845, 1870,"
printed within the two outer circles.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now describe the seal below, which is im-
pressed by a press.
The Chief Clerk. The seal which is
stamped appears to be the seal of the office of
the department of State, the certificate beiDg
signed by "J. E. Oldright, acting secretary."
This seal is a lone star with two concentric
circles, and between those circles on the out-
side is printed "department of State."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois as a substitute for the resolution of the
Senator from New York, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter, Clayton,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Gold-
thwaite, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Morton, Nyo,
Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer. Schura, Scott, Tkur-
man, Trumbull, West, and Windom—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Casserly, Criandler, Cole, Conkling,
Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Johnston, Logan, Machen, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt, Ransom, Rice.
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart,
S:ockton, Tipton, Vickers, and Wright—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Cameron, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Spencer, Sumner, and Wilson—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution of the Senator from
New York.
The resolution was agreed to—ayes twenty-
nine, noes not counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that a message
be sent to the House stating that the Senate
are ready to return.
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. The Chair was
informed informally by the Clerk that they
were waiting.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that we
return at once.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the Senate
again proceeded to the Hall of the House of
Representatives.
The Senate returned to its Chamber at six
o'clock and twenty minutes p. m;
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the meeting
of the two Houses objections were made to the
reception of t.he votes from Arkansas, and also
numerous objections to receiving the votes of
Louisiana, there being two sets of returns,
objections lying to each one of the returns,
and also to any returns being counted. The
objections liave not yet been copied, as they
are somewhat voluminous. Ihe twenty-second
joint rule states as follows:
"Such joint meeting shall not be dissolved until
the electoral votes arc all counted and the result
declared; and ho recess shall he taken unless a
question shall have arisen in regard to counting any
of such votes, in which case it shall_ be competent
for either House, acting separately, m the manner
hereinbefore provided, to direct a recess, not beyond
the next day at the hour of oiio o'clock p, m."
The first question is the objection to the
reception of the electoral votes from Arkansas,
made by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rice.]
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past ten o'clock to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. Oh, no; let
us finish this matter.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Under this rule
it is " competent for either House, acting sep-
arately, in the manner hereinbefore provided,
to direct a recess, not beyond the next day at
the hour of one o'clock p. m." The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio."
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 23, noes 20.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Casserly, Cooper,
Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,fiill, John-
ston, Kelly, Maehen, Norwood, Ransom, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—23.
ian, Tipt , ,     
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freiinghuysen,
v-ir1" .wit_v4 i'jeuiiguujswu,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pool, Ramsey,
Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, and West—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow. Cam-
eron, Davis, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt. Sawyer, Spenoor, Sumner, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to submit the objection of the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.] It is being copied
in the Representative Hall, but the Senator
from Arkansas has sent up the rough draft
from which he made the objection, which he
states is the same, with perhaps some mere
verbal differences, but substantially all the
points are embraced in it. It will be read by
the Secretary.
The Secretary read as follows :
Mr. Ricf. objects to the counting of tho votos of
the State of Arkansas.
First, because tho official returns of the election
in said State, made according to the laws of said
State, show that the persons certified by the secretary
of State as elected were not elected as uloe. ors tor
President and Vice President at the eleotion held on
the 5thday of November, 1872.
Second, because the returns read by tho tellers
are not certified according to law.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution :
lleeolved, That the electoral vote of Arkansas
should be counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the papers
upon which ihe question arises read.
Mr. MORTON. The papers do not show
anything about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to see whether
they do or not.
Mr. RICE. Is a resolution in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution
will be in order as an amendment to the reso-
lution of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. RICE. I offer the amendment which I
send to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas moves an amendment, which
will be read, and then the Senator from Ver-
mont desires to have the papers read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all of the resolution after the word
" resolved," and to insert:
That the Senate bring before it the officers and
persons having in their possession'the returns of the
late election in the State of Arkansas relating to the
election of electors of President and Vice President
for that State, together with all suoh returns.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that a resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas proposes this as a substitute
for the resolution of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CONKLING. I raise the point of
order upon it that, was made in other eases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York raises the question of order
that the duty of the Senate is to decide tfce
question as to whether the votes shall or shall
not bo counted. If the Senator from Arkan-
sas insists on his amendment, the Chair will
submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. RICE. I do insist "upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
trom Arkansas insists upon itj and the ques*
tion is whether the Senate will receive it,
under the twenty-second joint rule, as an
amendment to the resolution of the Senator
from Indiana.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana, and the Secretary will now report
the papers, as the Senator from Vermont has
desired.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Statu op Arkansas,
Little Rock, Arkansas, December*, 1872.
We, the undersigned, electors eleoted, os shown by
the accompanying certificate, at the.'general eleotion
held in tho State of Arkansas, November 5,1872, for
a President and Vice President of the United States
Sov the term commencing March 4,1873. met in the
city of Little Rock, State aforesaid, on Wednesday,
the 4th day of December, 1872, and proceeded to
vote by, ballot, with the following result: D. 8.
Griffin, W. II. Granger, Thomas H. Barnes, W. H.
Howes, Arthur Hemingway, and L. G. Wheeler,
each cast one vote for Ulysses S. Grant for President
of the United States for the term aforesaid: and D.
S. Griffin, W. II. Granger, Thomas H. Barnes, W. H.
Howos, Arthur Hemingway, and L, G. Wheeler each
east one vote for Henry Wilson for Vico President
of the United States for the term aforesaid, making
six votes cast by said electors for each of the respect-
ive candidates above named.
I). S. GRIFFIN,
W. 11. GRANGER,
THOMAS H. BARNES,
ARTHUR HEMINGWAY,
W. H. HOWES.
L. G. WHEELER.
Statu ok Arkansas,
State Department.
Little Rock, Arkansas, December 4,1872.
I, J. M. Johnson, secretary of State of Arkansas,
certify that the following is the true and correct list
of electors in and for the State of Arkansas, to vote
for President and Vice President of the United
States for the term commencing March 4.1873, who
were elected at the general election held in pursu-
ance of the law. in this State. November 5, 1872,
namely: D. S. Griffin, W. H. Granger, Thomas
Barnes, W. H. Howes, Arthur Hemingwav, and L
G. Wheeler.
r, „ J.M.JOHNSON,
Secretary of State,
Mr. MORTON. I ask if there is no certifi-
cate there from the Governor?
Several Senators. No.
Mr. MORTON. I then ask leave to with-
draw my resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
seal read. It does not purport to bo the seal
of the State, but the seal of the secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana withdraws his resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read, and thea
I will move to amend it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
llesolved, That the electoral vote of Arkansas
should be counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that by
inserting after the word "should" the word
"not." I ask now that the Secretary may
report to the Senate the seal which attests this
action of the secretary of State of Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will, as far as possible, communicate to the
Senate what is the impression of this seal.
The Chief Clerk. The seal is composed
of a field, the figures of which I cannot very
well describe, with two concentric circles,
between which are the words "seal of the
secretary of State, Arkansas."
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not the State seal
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he has received from the House of
Representatives a copy of the protest made by
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Rick,]
which is exactly like the rough copy which he
sent up, and will therefore be substituted on
the Journal for it. The question is on the
