1872.
THE C0NGKKSS10NAL GLOBE.
- i"  . \ ' ' v { ' >
327
the list of mqtions in the rule to draw the
broad distinction between 4 motion'and a reso-
lution. A tnotion to refer a bilT to 4 com-
mittee When it haa been introduced hefe is
not in the nature of 4 resolution, and may be
acted upon immediately, and that is the uni-
versal practice of this Body. A motion td
discharge a committee frotn the consideration
of a bill is of the same Character. Now we'
come over to Rule 26, in reference fo resolu-
tions:
"26. Every bill and joint resolution shall receive
three readings previous to Its being passed; and the
Presiding Omoer shall give notioa M eaoh whether
it be the first, second, or third; which readings shall
be on three different days, unless the Senate unan-
lmously direct otherwise. And1 all resolutions pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution, or to wfeioh
the approbation and signature of the President may
be requisite, or which may grant money out of the
contingent or any other fund, Shall be treated in all
respects, in the introduction and form of proceed-
ing on them in the Senate, in a similtyy manner with
bills; and all other resolutions shall lie on the table
One day for consideration, and also reports of Com-
mittees."
That plainly refers to resolutions required
from their very nature to be in writing, and
certainly haa no reference to a mere motion.
Now, what is properly a resolution and may
be treated as a resolution is defined by Cash-
ing in his Manual. I ask the Secretary to read
section seven hundred and ninety-nine.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"799. When the House expresses any opinion, with
reference to any suhject before it, either public or
private; or its will to do something at a given time,
(not incidental to the ordinary course of business;)
or declares its adoption of general orders relative to
its proceedings; in all these oases it expresses itself
in the form of molutionsj thus it resolves upon the
sessional and standing orders; that a standing com-
mittee be appointed; that the explanation given by
a member is satisfactory; that private petitions be
aot received after ascertain time; that it entertains
certain opinions; that the thanks of the House be
given to <Sertain persons. It is m>t easy to under-
stand, lo ae to describe with accuracy, all the occa-
sions on which the one or the other of these terms,
ordered or resolved, is most proper. Besides, the use
of them does not appear to be uniform. In the ear-
lier Journals of the House of Commons, those, for
example, of a hundred and fifty years ago, the word
resolved is frequently used where the word ordered
would now be funnel. Perhaps the distinctions above
iadieated may be sufficient to suggest the proper
use of these terms. It is often very important to
distinguish 'orders' on the one hand, and 'joint
resolutions' on the other, from 'resolutions' prop-
erly so called, as the different classes of papers
are ordinarily suhject to different rules of pro-
ceeding."—Oosiing't Leon and Pratice of Legislative
Astembliet, page 314.
Mr. MORTON. It' is very clear that a mo-
tion to discharge a committee does not come
at all within the definition of a resolution.
This is a mere motion, a thing' entirely dis-
tinct from what is property a rdsioltitton in a
legislative body.' Then, Again, so far to the
mischief is conCSrfred, referred! t'o by* the Sen-
ator from California; of forcing a' bill upon
the consideration of the Senate, of Springing
a bill without previous? notice, that conies up
on the nex't qu'estion. The next motion will
be, 6ft«r discharging 'the committee, to pro-
ceed to' the consideration of the bill. The bill
is not before the Senate for Consideration until
a motion to that' effect haS been made and
carried, aJnother motion Which need not be in
writing either'; bat this' is a to'ere motion to
discharge the' Committee. Whether We sh&ll
then proceed tti the Corisid'e ration of thd bill
depends upoh the action Of the Senate upon
that subsequent motion. ' It aeenas to me, Mr,
President, if you adopt this rule as being ap-
plicable to ill [factions, it will lead to a great
deal of annoyance.
Mr. CASSKRLY. I think the Senator from
Indiana did not fully understand the drift of
my remarks. He is "perfectly right when he
says that the question of taking up a bill now
in the possession of a committee is not strictly
before the Senate at this time, but the Senator j
undoubtedly omitted to notice the frank # - wal
of my friend from Minnesota, that t.l.i object
of moving to discharge the committee- wa3 to
;et over the effect of the rule requiring all
ills reported by committees to lie over one
day for consideration.
§'
Mr. MORTON. I admit that purpose, but
ihat nYust depend 6n Another morion.
Mr. CASSERLY. Consequently, while the
pYecisfe question of proceeding to consider the
bill Is not now before the Senate, yet it was &
fhir subject for argument in order to show the
evils which Would result from establishing the
present motion as a precedent. And I said
that if in one case the rftle I'equirifig bills to K'e
oVei' otfe' day1 Is to fre nullified by indirection
itf this manner, theft whenever the atteifipt
to evade the rife in Ally other 6ase' is triage
ft Witt be made precisely in the iii sinner ill
Which thid fcAi/tion is noW made, attd oh the
strength of it as a precedent. That wis my
argument. I was arguing from thfe evils to
flow from the adoption of this motion against
its adoption. I never feel sufficiently secure
upon questions of order to rest myself with
entire satisfaction arid contentment Upon Any
such ground. I did not know as it matter of
fact how the qu'estion of ordei1 boTe upoii' the
prestent motion. All that I said ih reference
to the question of order Was that the TeX&s
case, asIunderstood it, furnished no precedent
for what is now proposed'.
Mi1. EDMUNDS. It furnishes a precedent
exactly against the proposition of the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. CASSERLY. I so understood it. 1
trust the Senator from Indiana will understand
now that I was not so irrelevant and premature
as he seems to h&ve supposed, in attempting to
discuss something which was not yet before
thfe Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro terhpor'e. The ques-
tion is, is it in order to proceed to the con-
sideration of the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota to-day? upon which question'the
yeas and nays have been ordered'. '■ " •
The question being by yeas' and nays,
resaltea—yea« 22, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Caldwell, Chandler, Clay-
t«m, Oole, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Harlan, Hill,-Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Spencer. Stewart,
'WesUWindom, and Wright—22.
NATS—Messrs. Baynrd, Casserty, Cooper, Davis;
Edmwnd*, Ifetry of Connecticut, Frolinshuyseo,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitahqock,
Howe,Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sehura, Seott, Sumner, Thormaa, Trumbull,
Yiekers, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair. Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carfieatfer,
Oapin, Fen ton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Johnston, Keljogg, Lewis. Logan, Maohen, Morrill
of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Sherman, SpragUe, Stevenson, Stockton, and
Tipton—-2ft,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So the Sen-
ate deddfes that the motion is not in order.
Mr. WINDOM. I now ask unanimous co'tf-
sent Of the Sedate tb discharge the committee
from the' consideration of the deffeiehcy bill
that we may proceed with its consideration
to-dtty; stnd allow me to say that although we
itt&y jio&sibly not be \ble to secure the final
jpassage of thfe Dill so that it' become a law to-
day, yet I am Certain we shall very much alle-
viate the suffering that will result from oilr
failure to act by the passage of the Bill, so that
the parties wh6 are dependent on it may know
that their pay is to come, and while we are
devoting ourselves to our holiday enjoyments,
of which I was not very much in favor some
time ago, we may at least know: that these
parties may calculate on getting a lunch when
we come back.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not Ask leave to
report it for present consideration?
Mr. WINDOM. It is the same thing, but
if what I have asked is objected to I Will put
in the other form.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Which
form does the Senator propose 7
Several Senators, (to Mr. Wisdom.) Re-
port the bill.
Mr. WtNDOM. It seeths'to be preferred
that I report it. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back with-
out amendment and with a recommendation
that it pass the bill (H. R. No, 3131) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
afrproptfatiotis' fM the SerVicfe of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal yeir ending June 80, 1873,
and fbr other purposes ; and I &sk unanimous
consent for its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro titrtpork. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none. The bill
is before the Senate as id Committee of the
Whole, and will be read.
The bill wris read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to one provision under the
head Of the Coast Survey that I think the com-
niittee, when I call their attention to ?t, will be
quite willing to strike oiit. The provision for
t'he CoaSt Survey reads:
_ aplaciog
Vice in the Coai
For rep
-out vessel* for ser-
be available
rorn-out ve
&50.00&, t6
— old and wj
e Coast Survey,
until expended.
That puts a fiind of $150,000 under the
charge of the Coast Surrey without srtiv of the
limitations which our dther1 appropriation acts
and our acts relating; to the limitation of ap-
propriations ipply to them. They may spend
$50,000 of it this year; the item ft forgotten ;
you pass a regular dppropristtion bill next year
for the same servibe o'f th^ Coast Survey and
five years hence tW Ci/aSt Survey can draw
under this firoVistton ii|>on' this A^pVopriauon
for atlV balance f'eniaitling'.' It k entirely con-
trary to the principles which we fidVe latterly
undertaken to adopt iia resfieCt to Having the
time expire' when dJjjJr'opriatlOiid shall rqn
out. Therefore I' mov6' to stHkfe, out 'thb
words' " to be available Uritil e&freinaed."
Mr. MORRILL, ofVeAont'; Allow me to
say that'th'e^e v^asels Will Undoubtedly be built
by contract, and1 it is very possible and even
probable that tL year Will elapse before they
are Completed. If a year1 should elapse, then
the appropriation gbes back into the Treasury,
and the money would have' to be reappropri-
ated if we omit this clause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My Collfe&giie is vefy
much out in his1 knowledge of the present state
of the approprtatio'n laws, if he wilt pardon
rate for saying so. Thtf preseht 'limTtation upon
' appropriations makes any fund available for a
Contract that i's made Within the yeaV. There-
fore if the Coast'SurVe/and the Sfecteta'ry of
the Treasury make contracts Within the year
i for the use Of this m6ney, indeed' Within two
years I am very store under the present law,
• any sum which may be due upon that contract,
altHough it may be three or four years hence,
can be paid out of this appropriation. But the
Kite of this provision (not intended, of course)
is1 that this makes a perpetual appropriation
Me from every limitation which' we have pro-
vided for the Security of appropriations, upon
the statutes. That is the objection. I do not
speak'of it as being acaiUse of suspicion in this
particular case; but if you begin by inserting
clauses of thfe kind about one Department
you will have th'em' in about another.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
Uade on several occasion's appropriations for
public buildings and grounds and provided
that the appropriation should be held available
until the building was completed or until the
amount was expended. 1 take it that this
provision in this case is not different from that
in relation tt> buildings.'
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish ^bu Would show
me one such case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Verinont. There are
several of them.
Mr. COLE. I have' ho doubt the position
taken by the Senators from Verftiont is cor-
rect, and if they are both corrfect, the clauses
referred to is really Surplusage and is of n >
particular effect. There was reluctance in tluf
committee to amending the bill for the reason,
that if we amended' it at all it would have to
undergo the supervision ofthe House again, and
in that evrint its failure to pass'soon would be
quite certain. For that reason there was a lack
of disposition on fhe part of the committee to
^hUnge'the bill. ' I ebneede, at the same time,
