328
THJE- CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
that it is desirable to have the appropriations
terminate with the end of the year always, and
such clauses as this have usually been strickeu
out of the appropriation bills.
But let me say again to my friend from
Vermont nearest me [Mr. Edmunds] that
the words he moves to strike out are probably
surplusage, because these vessels will be under
contract and the appropriation will be avail-
able until the contract is fulfilled. We have
a number of papers from the Department on
this subject. The first in date is one from the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, Professor
Peirce, which constitutes the basis for the
demand for this appropriation. Other com-
munications are in my hands from the Depart-
ment. The necessity of this appropriation for
the construction of these vessels I think is
rather pressing. The amount asked for by
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey was
larger than $'250,000, but by the Secretary of
the Treasury it was put at $250,000. The
House have seen fit to cut it down to $160,000,
and the Committee on Appropriations of this
body did not think it worth while to alter the
amount or to change the phraseology for the
reasons I have mentioned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand my friend
thinks it a very good reason for not having the
Senate make a bill right that it, may delay it
in the other House; but that reason has failed
in this case, because I understand the other
House has gone its way to its enjoyments that
iny friend from Minnesota dislikes so much.
Therefore, I think it might be well to put this
bill in a shape which makes it comport with
the very salutary principles that the Senate and
the House both have agreed upon in the laws
respecting limitations upon appropriations. If
this is left to stand there will be an additional
argument made on the next case, such as my
fiiend and colleague has just made for this,
and that is thai we did the same tiding on an-
other bill last session. 1 new further on in this
session and next session' we shall find that the
whole of our good limitations are broken down
altogether.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Vermont
knows as distinctly as any one can that if this
bill is amended and goes back for consider-
ation in the House again, in all probability
the bill itself will be postponed and probably
not be acted on till the regular deficiency bill
is taken up, which would postpone to a very
late day iu the session, in all probability, any
appropriation embodied iu this bill, whereas
to speak very plainly, if this bill pass without
amendment it will only require the signature
of the Presiding Officers of the two Houses and
that of the President to make it a law. The
Senator now will Bee very distinctly the reason
why I oppose his amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see plainly. It is a
very forcible argument.. It would be much
easier not to have the bills sent to the com-
mittee at all, but to have them sent directly
from the House to the President, because they
could be passed quicker. I do not think I
discharge my duty as oue Senator—and I do
not speak for any other Senator—unless I
treat a bill that eomes here from the House
just as I treat any other, and .endeavor to
make it conform to the proper principles of
legislation and to the security of the Treasury.
If that leads to delay, it is a delay that is
inevitable and is not chargeable to me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont, to strike out in lines
fifteen and sixteen the words " to be available
until expended."
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 17, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays. VVe ought to have them ou a matter of
this importance.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As a gen-
eral rule X am entirely i  favor of the usage of
the Senate in prohibiting the use of money
after it has been appropriated, beyond a single
year; but in this case here is a specific appro-
priation made for the purpose of rebuilding
vessels used in the Coast Survey. I do not see
that there is any possibility of their being any
abuFe of it. It is not a large sum ; it is only
$150,000; .tad I think the argument of the
Senator California in relation to sending
this bill back is a cogentone. If it goes back,
of course it will be subject to further delays.
If it is understood that it has passed this body
without any delay, of course money can be
raised upon the credit of the bill's having
passed, so that the workmen, who have been
without their pay for from one to two months,
will be able to get some part of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I find now that the real
objection which my honorable colleague has
to this motion is not so much that it is not a
proper motion in itself, and in conformity to
the legislation which we have adopted for the
protection of the Treasury, but that it is going
to have some effect upon the Board of Public
Works. Now, if we have reached the pass
that we cannot provide the usual limitations
upon an appropriation for the Coast Survey
or any other appropriation without consulting
the interest of the Board of Public Works,
then I think we ought to know it.
I doubt very much whether the Senate, on
consideration, when we get to the other part
of the bill, will be willing to pass it.in just the
way the House has, so far as it relates to reim-
bursing the Board of Public Works. I shall
not believe that the Senate will pass a bill
of this character, which undertakes to lump
what this body demands of us for the improve-
ments that have been made, without any in-
vestigation by any officer of Congress or of the
executive department as to the propriety of
those expenditures as to justice and reason-
ableness. If the Board of Public Works has
expended $50,000 more than it ought to do, I
doubt whether Senators will feel obliged, in
order tp keep this bill from going back to the
House* to*ote against any amendment which
would leave, as ire do in the case of all other
officers of the Government* some investigation
into the justice and lawfulness of Hie expend-
itures.
But I am speaking of this merely in reply to
the observations of my colleague, so that the
Senate need not be led hastily to reject one
amendment that is proper in itself ou the
ground that it has predetermined that it will
have no amendment at all, because I think it
will appear pretty plainly that there ought to
be one or two words inserted which would
leave the executive department of the Govern-
ment an opportunity to determine upon the
occasion of paying out a million and a quar-
ter of money that this /noney.has been prop-
erly expended by the gentlemen who now
make this claim on the Government. That is
usual in other cases ; and it ought to be done
here unless there is something so peculiar in
these expenditures that there cannot be any
possible abuse about them, and we can let
down as to theaegentlemeu all the barriers we
impose upon the sworn and bonded officers of
the Government, subjecting their vouchers
not only as to the fact that they have paid out
money, but the reasonableness of the expense
they have made in paying it out, to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury or some
officer especially charged to look into it.
But, as I say, we are going a little beyond
the present and pending question. I do hope
that we shall now treat tbia bill as we would
any other. I think if the House had not
adjourned my disposition to relieve people
who are said to be having claims on this fund
would perhaps have led me to shut my eyes
to the most obvious considerations of pru-
dence in legislation, without passing any crit-
icism upon anybody, and let this bill go. I
do not say whether I would have done so or
not, because I had not made up my mind;
but now that this bill cannot be made avail-
able for the purpose of taking money from
the Treasury until after the recess, it seems
to me that the Senate will occupy an attir.ude
of full performance of duty if it makes those
amendments which appear to it upon consid-
eration to be just and proper iu themselves,
although it may take one day when the bill
goes back to the House of Representatives to
concur, because we all understand that there
is no power iu either House, after a bill is
pending between the two, of hustling it out of
sight. It is always before us, and we cannot
get it out of the way.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. My colleague
is a very able tactician, and he understands
perfectly well that if he can get an amend-
ment in upon this part of the bill it opens
the way for amendments to the other por-
tions of the bill.
Now, in regard to this matter, I do not feel
any special interest in it except that I have
given the subject some attention. I know
the condition of the people of this District
at the present time. The Board of Public
Works is a board established by the Uuited
States Government with which the city ail*
thorities here have very little to do. We
have established a certain mode in which
this city should be laid out We have im-
posed upon the people here the responsibility
and the cost of carrying out the plan that
we laid down years and years ago, a more
expensive plan, I undertake to say, in regard
to the streets and avenues and squares and
circles than that which will be found in any
city upon the glpbe. Now, under a positive
law assigning the duty to the Board of Public
Works to go on aud make improvements here,
and with a portion of the law which fairly con-
templated that the United States Government
were to pay their proportion of the taxes, this
board has gone on and made these improve-
ments. They have levied taxes upon the people
here—a very large amount of taxes for special
improvemeuts costing $2,000,000, ana that
portion of the tax which has been levied has not
yet been collected. Of course the contractors
are out of pocket and the people who have
worked for them are out of pocket. W hen the
fire took place in Boston they were about to
negotiate a further portion of the $4,000,000
of bonds that were allowed. That fire having
occurred the negotiation was broken off and
they tailed to get the money on their bonds.
From these two sources, one of special tax-
ation and the other of negotiation of bonds,
the Board of Public Works are without the
means to pay the workmen who have been at
work for the past season. Some of them have
not been paid for a long series of days.
In relation to this matter all that I desire is
that the Government should do what is just,
right, and proper. I took some pains before
Congress assembled to examine their work ;
and while I am free to admit that many mis-
takes have been made and some parties have
been treated roughly—my colleague for in-
stance—and in many cases it is possible that the
work might have been done for less money,
yet, compared with other cities, I find that the
work here has been done for less than it has
been done in any other city whatever. They
have not gone on bliudfold; they have had the
best topographical advice to be had in the city
that is afforded by our officers educated at
West Point, and we have no other officers that
are capable of giving topographical advice
except those educated at West Point, or very
few.
Under these circumstances I think there is
no observer of what has been done but what
will say that there has been a vast improve-
ment, and if the Board of Public Works have
conformed to law and have accomplished
these results without exceeding the limits of
law, the four millions that they were author
ized to use, I do not think there cau be any
charge of fraud upon that board that can be
