1292
mi concessional mom,
February 12,
amendment, of the Senator from Vermont, to
insert the word " hot" in the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. RICE. I ask to have the constitution
of.thp State pf Arkansas in regard totiie seal
of the State read, and also in regard .to the
certificate required to .the electoral vote.
, lir.,ANTHONY. I
not debate.
•I submit whiter thp-t is
;The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
froin Rhode Island objects. The Chair has
stated heretofore that laws, &e., could be read
only by unarjimous consent. The rule is im-
perative against debate. No protest has here-
tofore b,een made against reading laws. When
tne point 18 made by the Senator from Rhode
Island the Chair must rule, that it is not in ac-
cordance with the twenty-second joint rule.
["_Qu€Sstion'l" " Question!"] The question is
00 the 'amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont?, to insemhe.word "not;" so as to make,
the resolution read that the vot§ of Arkansas
shall not be counted. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will ask again that the
full inscription of the seal, or what purports to
be the seal, should be read. I believe the Sec-
retary by accident did not read all the words.
1 believe it appears distinctly to be the seal of
tie secretary, and notHhe seal of the State.
The- VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
willreport it.
: The Chief Clerk. The words of ''Seal of
the secretary of State; Arkansas."
Mr. EDMONDS. That is it.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire whether
the coat of arms of Arkansas is not there, after
the impress of the seal ? '
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who can answer that
question ?
Mr, CONKLING. Certainly the Senators
from the S.tate know whether it is or not.
- -Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
Senator from Arkansas——
t/^ur' MBULL. I object to this debate.
If the statute cannot be read, certainly Sen-
ators stiotfld not be allowed to indulge in
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois insists oil the enforcement of the
rule. The Chair has ruled that this is in the
nature of debate. The Secretary has read the
official paper froni Arkansas, and attempted to
describe the seal 
CONKLING. I beg pardon of the
Chair if I interrupt him.
The VICE PR&SIDENT. Not at all.
Mr. CON KLIN G. My purpose is to ask
unafli-mous consent that we may hear the
Statute read,' if there be a statute bearing on
the subject. ' . °
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island objected. .
_ Mr. ANfHONY. -I withdraw the objec-
tion ; but I ask the Chair if the Senate, by
unanimous consent, can dispense with a joint
rule of the two Houses of Congress? I make
no objection, however.
 I he VICE PRESIDENT, The Senate by
unanimous consent cannot dispense with a
jbint rule ; and if there is no protest against
a statute being read, that not being language
spoken by any Senator, the Chair himself
would not check the reading of that statute;
Out be would if any Senator commented on it,
which would be in the nature of debate. The
Ohair does not know where the statute is:
but it no Senator objects, the statute will be
beTn the ckamCT1 ^ UOt appear l°
m!/ !r!i'!Pv-iIAwVe thc* statute,
h t*.pkAYlON. WiBJt.be in order to
have this seal compared With the seal of the
otate named, on file in the, archives of the
benate i * 1
The VICE PRESIDENT, the Chair
thinks not.. * ■ '
could be compared
with the credentials of Senator's.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
tho presentation of documents in the Depart-
ment of State, or in the Secretary's office of
the Senate, would be in the nature of debate.
Mr. HOWE. By the unanimous consent of
the Senate I suppose that comparison might
be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The .Chair has
stated, in. regard to official documents, that he
would, not himself arrest th^m as in the nature
of debate.
Mr. HOWE. So that if there be no objec-
tion this comparison may be made.
Mr. BORESAN. I should like to have the
paper read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know where the paper is that is sought to
be .compared with the seal on this certificate.
Mr. CLAYTON. It can be compared with
the seal on the credentials of the Senator-elect
lately presented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, to insert the word "not."
Mr. CLAYTON. I only waut to say that
that is the seal of the State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is debate.
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, to insert the word " not."
Mr. RICE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. May I presume to ask the
Senator from Arkansas whether this is the
great seal 
Mr. TRUMBULL and others. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is in the nature of debate, and is objected to
by several Senators.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Edmonds by yeas and nays, re-
Suited—yeas 28, nays 25 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Edmunds, Fenton, Serry of Michi-
gan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Machen, Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Kansom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbary, Schurz, Seott,
ktevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
ana Vickers—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Caldwell, Chand-
ler,Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Perry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelingnuysen, Gilbert,
Harlan, Hiieheoek, Ilowe, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Po,ol; Ramsey, Sherman, Sprasue, Stow-
art, and West—25.
. ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Davis, Uoidtbwaite, Hamilton of
JLexas, Lewis, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
i*ra.tt, Sawyer, cspenoer, Sumner, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—20. ,
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon agreeing to the resolution as
amended, that the vote1 of Arkansas shall not
be counted,
Mr. S1EWART called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted yeas 28, nays 24 j as follows:
P„TEAS~nMeBBrs'r, Bward. Boreman, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cooper. Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill, Johnston,
K'.tliy, Machen Mornil ot Maine, Norwood, Ran-
som, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Seott,
andVVie°kers-^ Thurman- T>Pton, Trumbull!
*34iY,S~9fe5f,s-- Am<«, Caldwell, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conklmg Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Fla,nagan,Frelmgliuysen, Gilbert, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Ilowe, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
SdWat-2imsey' Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
ABSENT-Messrs. Aleorn, Anthony. Blair,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron. Davis, Gold-
Hamilton ot Texas, Lewis, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sawyer, Spencer, Sum-
ner, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—21.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There were seven
objections submitted in the Representative
iiall by Senators and Representatives against
counting the votes from Louisiana. The
Chair thinks he has them in the order in which
the objectors were recognized by the Chair:
hrst, the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. West-]
second, the Representative from Louisiana,
[Mr._ Sheldon ;j third, the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpenter;] fourth, the Rep-
reJentative from Ne.w York, [Mr. Potter ;]
tilth, the Representative from Ohio, [Mr
Stevenson;] sixth, the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull ;] and seventh, the Senator
from West Virginia:, [Mr. Boreman.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask leave to offer
the following resolution;
Besohed, That the electoral vote of the State of
Louisiana be. not counted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
they  :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey. The: Chair must first sub-
mit these papers.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. They have all
bcBn redd
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
considered as read, if there be no objeciion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer a sub-
stitute, which the Senator from Wisconsin will
probably accent.
The VICE' PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin moves the resolution just re-
ported, and the Senator from New Jersey
moves to amend it. The amendment will be
readj
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. 'That all the objections presented having
been considered, no electoral vote purporting to be
that of the State of Louisiana be counted.
Mr. CARPENTER. ' I accept that amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin accepts the amendment; and
the question is on agreeing to the resolution
as modified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer a substitute,
which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the Constitution of the United States
declares that each State shall appoint, in such
manner as the. Legislature thereof may direct," the
number of electors of President and Vice President
to which such State may be entitled; and whereas
an election for electors was held in the Stato of
Louisiana on the 4th day of November, 1872, in pur-
suance of the Constitution and laws of the United
btates and of tho State ot Louisiana; and whereas
the official returns of said election were transmitted
to the (xovernor of the State as required by the laws
thereof, and by him opened and laid before a re-
turning board of which the Governor was, ex officio
a member, to be canvassed by said board in pursu-
ance of the laws of said State; and whereas before
the canvass of said returns was completed said re-
turning board was enjoined and restrained irorn
further proceeding by an order of E. H. Durell
United States judge tor the district of Louisiana;
and whereas the official returns so received and
opened by the Governor were tabulated by the assist-
ant secretary of said returning board, and are now
in the possession of the Senate, from which it ap-
pears that X C. Manning, C. A. Weed, Andrew S.
Herron, Hugh J. Campbell, Louis Bush, Allen
Xnomas, L. V. and J. C. Moncure received a ma-
jority of votes oast for electors at said election; and
whereas said Governor caused lists of the names of
said electors to be made, certified, and delivered as
required by the aet of Congress of March 1,1792 
Mr. WEST. I raise the point of order on
the reading of that'preamble, that it is in the
nature of argument.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it all be read first.
Mr. CONKLING. It need not be read,
necessarily.
Mr. WEST. The same point of order was
taken against the Senator from New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
has not been read.
Mr. WEST. Enough of it has been read
for my satisfaction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That maybe;
but the Chair thinks it is the right of a Sena-
tor to submit a paper 
Mr. CONKLING. I beg leave to ask a
question of the Chair. Where a paper has
been so far read as to show that it is out of
order, is it the right of any Senator to have
the whole of it read? The point of the Sen-
ator from, Louisiana is that this is out of order
by reason of what has been read. If he is
in the right about that, I submit there is no
reason why it should be read through.
Mr. CARPENTER. If that be not so, the
rule can be evaded by presenting an argument
m the form of a, proposition, and then with-
drawing it after it has been fully read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to these speeches.
