1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ation to $200,000; it concurred in the House
amendment reducing the salaries from $2,000
to $1,000; and it proposes another amend-
ment limiting the expenses for personal pur-
poses to $50,000, and providing that no one
person shall receive more than $5,000 alto-
f ether for salary and expenses. X think the
[ouse ought to concur in that amendment.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. That will allow
$5,000 to any one person. The House decided
that not more than $1,000 should be allowed
to any one person. I think that is a very ma-
terial amendment indeed.
Mr. BANKS. The House limited the amount
to be paid for expenses for artisans and scien-
tific persons appointed to $1,000. But it made
no limitation in regard to the principal com-
missioners. The Senate amendment applies
to all of the commissioners.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It covers both sal-
aries and expenses.
Mr. BANKS. No one can receive more
than $5,000 for expenses and salary altogether.
It is a limitation in the line of what was agreed
to by the House. I hope the House will con-
cur in the Senate amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid- on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
k8m0val of disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that by unanimous
consent the bill (H. R. No. 1325) to remoye
the disabilities of certain persons therein
named, with an amendment by the Senate
be taken from the Speaker's table, and that
the amendment of the Senate be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In lines five, six, and seven strike Out the follow-
ing names: . T
David Irwin, Lewis Tumlm, Warren Aken, James
W. Harris, T. C. Howard, and Lafayette McLaws,
of Georgia,
And insert in lieu thereof: .
Lafayette McLaws. Alfred Iverson, Nathaniel J.
Crawford, Lucius J. Gartrell, Good Bryan, Benjamin
Yaney, and John W. Underwood, of Georgia; Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Burton Craisr. and Samuel A.
Ashe, of North Carolina: F. W. Latham, of Texas ;
David Clopton, of Alabama; Isaac N. Brown, ot
Mississippi, and John V. Wright, of Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Are there any applica-
tions accompanying these names?
Mr. YOUNG. The parties have all made
applications in writing, which were before the
Senate committee and are on file.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I do not object.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. YOUNG moved to reconsider the vote
bv which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
portner and becker.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
back, wiih the recommendation that it do not.
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3551) for the relief
of Portner & Recker of Alexandria, Virginia,
and moved that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george and sallie washington.
Mr. KERR also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported a bill m.
R. No. 3945) for the relief of George Wash-
ington and Sallie Washington, his wife, ot
Alexandria, Virginia; which was read a nrst
'ind second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to George Washington
and Sallie Washington, his wife, of Alexan-
dria, Virginia, without interest, the proceeds
of the sale, for direct taxes due to the United
States, of house and lot No. 221 King street,
Alexandria, less all taxes, costs, and legal
charges, the sale having been made by the tax
commissioners of the United States uuder the
laws for the collection of direct taxes. It pro-
vides further, that George and Sallie Wash-
ington, or their heirs or personal represent-
atives, shall before receiving payment duly
execute and deliver a fall and complete quit-
claim and conveyance of said property to the
purchaser thereof, his heirs, assigns, or legal
representatives, as the Secretary may require.
Mr. KERR. This bill is approved by the
Department and is in the form of similar bills
passed under similar circumstances.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
territorial affairs.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I ask unan-
imous consent that the House shall pass the
bill (H. R. No. 598) to transfer the control of
certain powers and duties in relation to the
Department of the Interior.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does that require unan-
imous consent ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I object, because
this is too important a bill to be passed in this
Way' MINING RESOURCES
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table and pass the
bill (S. No. 1482) to amend an act to promote
the development of the mining resources of the
United States.
Mr. RANDALL. We cannot understand
the effect of that bill, and I object to its con-
sideration now.
report on education
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which" was
read, and referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing :
Resolved bit the Senate and House of iieomen'-
atives, That there bo printed forty thousand copies
of the report of the Commissioner of liducation,
twenty thousand for the use of the Honso ot Rep-
resentatives, ten thousand for tne use of the benate,
and ton thousand for the use of the Commissioner.
brotherhood 01? locomotive engineers
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Education and Labor, re-
ported back, with amendments, the bill VH. lv.
No. 789) to incorporate the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers; which was recommit-
ted to the committee, and the amendments
ordered to be printed.
contracts for servile labor.
Mr. PERCE also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back, with
amendments, the bill (H. 11. No. 755) to. pro-
hibit contracts for servile labor; which was
recommitted to the committee, and the amend-
ments ordered to be printed.
lands in chelsea, massachusetts.
Mr. SCOPIELD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 3946) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to convey to the city of
Chelsea, Massachusetts, certain lands for the
use of a street; which was read a first and
second time. . . , ... .
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed find rend a third limo.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
courts of alabama. '
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 3943) relating to
the circuit and district courts of the United
States for tho middle and northern districts
of Alabama ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
bonds upon importations.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3947) to amend an act entitled "An act to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill provides that section thirty of an act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 14, 1870, shall be
amended so that upon all importations of
sugar, molasses, pig iron, and railroad iron,
the amount of bond required shall only be in
a penal sum of double the amount of duties on
;,uch articles, and upon all other importations
it shall be in a penal sum equal to the invoice
value of the merchandise imported with the
duties added.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to hear some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. By the act of 1870 it
was provided that importations destined for
certain interior ports be sent to those porta
upon giving bond, among other things, in a
penal sum double the value of the merchan-
dise and the duties thereon. The Secretary
of the Treasury recommends that on sugar,
molasses, pig iron, and railroad iron, the bond
shall be in a penal sum double the amount of
duties, and on other articles in a sum equal to
the invoice value and duties. The Committee
of Ways and Means are unanimous in recom-
mending this bill. The following is the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury on the sub-
ject : _
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. 0., February 7, 1873.
Silt: I am in receipt of a communication from the
clerk of your committee, inclosing ft bill vil. ft.
#>81) to amend an act entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, aud for other purposes, approved
July 14, 1870, by which it is proposed that on im-
portations of sugar, molasses, pig iron, and railroad
iron going forward without appraisement worn too
poit of entry tho amount of bond required shall
only be in the penal sum of double the amount ot
duties on such articles. My opinion is asked as to
the propriety of giving this measure favorable con-
Si'{"a communication which I addressed to'Senator
Anthony, underdateoi January22last,I
si on to state that, in my judgment, tho penalty of the
bond generally required in such cases is now un-
necessarily large, and that the law might properly
be modified as to make thepena t/o| tjie 1^nd in
the invoice value ot the goods with the duties added*
which would afiord ample protection to the govern-
ment and make the law more practicable ot execu-
tion ; and I recommended a modification of tne law
fc°l'seo°noeobjcctions to a further reduction of the
Denalty of the bond upon importations of sugar,
molasses, pig iron, and railroad iron (the articles
mentioned in this bill) to the penalty ot double
the amount of duties as proposed.
I am, very respectfully,^ ^ BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. henky l- dawks, Chuinnan Committee of
Way* and M"unx, House of licpresentaUvcs.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
