MB
THE 00FGS1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
February 12,
( BRIDGE ACROSS THE ARKANSAS.
Mr.' SAWYER, from the Committee on
Commerce, asked unanimous consent to report
a bill authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Arkansas river at Van Buren,
Arkansas.
COUNTING THE ELECTORAL VOTJBS
At one o'clock ,p. m. the Doorkeeper an-
tjffpnped the Senate of the United States.
i'jhe Senate entered the Hall, preceded by
its Sergeant-at-Arms and headed by the Vice
President', and the Secretary of the Senate,
the members and officers, of the House rising
to receive them. The Senators took the seats
set apart for them in the easte.ru section of the
Hall.
The Vice President took his seat as Pre-
siding Officer of the joint convention of the
two Houses, the Speaker occupying a chair on
theJeft of the Vice President.
Senator Sherman, of Ohio, the teller ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate, and Messrs.
Dawes, of Massachusetts, • and Beck, of
Kentucky, the two tellers appointed on the
part of the House, took their seats at the
Clerk's desk, at which the Secretary of the
Senate, and Clerk of the.House also occupied
S6dit§ t
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate and
House of Representatives having met under
the provisions of the Constitution for the pur-
pose of opening, determining, and declaring
the votes cast for President and Vice President
of the United States for the term of four years
commencing on the 4th of March next, and it
being my duty, in the presence of both Houses
thus convened, to open the votes, I now pro-
ceed to discharge that duty.
The Vice-President then proceeded to open
and -hand to the tellers the votes of the several
States for President and Vice President of. the
United States, commencing with the State of
Maine.
Senator SHERMAN (one of the tellers) read
in full the certificate of the vote of the State
of Maine, giving seven votes for Ulysses S;
Grant, of, Illinois, for President of the United
States,'and seven votes for Henry Wilson, of
Massachusetts, for Vice President of the
United States.
Senator TRUMBULL. I think the Gov-
ernor's certificate should be read as the evi-
dence of the election of the electors.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tellers will
report the certificate. *
Senatqr SHERMAN (as one of the tellers)
read the certificate of the Governor of Maine.
Senator TRUMBULL. I svould inquire if
that certificate bears the signature of the
Executive of the State of Maine?
Senator SHERMAN. The signature of
Sydney Perham, as Governor, is in the center
of the paper, under the great seal of the
State.
Senator TRUMBULL. It is not material
where it is, if the signature of the Executive
is there.
The VICE PRESIDENT: The Chair will
state that upon several occasions of the count-
ing of the electoral vote, after the first certi-
ficate had been read in full, the readiug in full
of the subsequent certificates has been dis-
pensed with by general consent, unless some
Senator or Representative in a particular case
called for the reading of the entire certificate.
If no person objects, therefore, the tellers will
report the material part of the subsequent cer-
tificates, subject, however, to the demand of
any Senator or Representative that the docu-
ment shall be read in full.
Senator TRUMBULL. I desire that the
certificate of the Executive to the electiou of
the -electors should be once read in each case.
I wish to take up no unnecessary time, but i
think it important, as some question may pos-
sibly arise on that subject, that the'certificate
of the Executive should be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That point will
•be regarded as made, and the tellers will take
notice of it accordingly.
Mr. DAWES (one of the tellers) read the
certificate of the Governor of New'Hampshire
as to the election of electors of President and
Vice President of the United States, and
announced the electoral votes of the State for
those two officers.
Senator HAMLIN. I beg to suggest to the
Senatorfrom Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] whether
it will not answer his purpose entirely if the
tellers should announce the fact that the cer-
tificates of election of electors are signed by
the Governor and countersigned by the sec
retary of State. That method of proceeding
will be an economy of time, and -at the same
time it will reach the result which the Senator
wishes to accomplish.
Senator TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it
will be entirely satisfactory to me if the tellers
will examine the papers in each' case and see
whether the proper certificate of the Executive
of the State accompanies the list of votes, and
will announce that fact with reference to each
certificate. Where there is any variation they
will, of course, bring it to the notice of the
joint convention. It should be understood,
of course, that the reading of the certificate in
full may be demanded in any ease.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the tellers will merely state the fact
in regard to the attestation of the Governor,
subject to a demand by any Senator or Repre-
sentative for the reading of the certificate in
full.
The tellers proceeded to announce the
electoral votes of the several States, it being
mentioned in each case that the certificate of
the election of the electors was signed by the
Governor and countersigned by the secretary
of State. When the State of Georgia was
reached,
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, (one of the- tell-
ers,) announced the electoral vote for Presi-
dent as follows:
B. Grata Brown, of Missouri, six votes; Horace
Greeley, of New York, three votes; Charles "J. Jen-
kins, of Georgia, two votes.
The vote for Vice President was announced,
as follows:
B..Grata Brown, of Missouri, five votes; Alfred
H. Colquitt, of Georgia, five votes; Nathaniel P.
Banks, of Massachusetts, one vote.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. I desire to make the point
that the three votes reported by the tellers as
having been cast for Horace Greeley, of New
York, cannot be counted, because the person
for whom they purport to have been cast was
dead at the time of the assembling of the
electors in that State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] having made
the-point which has been stated by him, the
Chair will read from the twenty-second joint
rule ofthe two Houses.
, Xf, upon the reading of any such certificate by
the tellers, any question shall arise in regard to
counting the votes therein certified, the same having
been stated by the Presiding Officer, the Senate shall
thereupon withdraw, and said question shall be
submitted to that body for its decision; and the
Speaker ot the House of Representatives shall in
I'lie maimer,submit said question to the House of
Representatives for its decision; and no question
shall be decided affirmatively, and no vote objected
to shall be counted, except by the concurrent votes
ot the two Houses, which being obtained, the two
Houses shall immediately reassemble, and the Pre-
siding Oflicer shall then announce the decision ofthe
question submitted; and upon any such question
there shall be no debate in either House. And any
other question pertinent to the object for which the
two Mouses are assembled may be submitted and
determined in-like manner."
On previous occasions, since this rule has
been in operation, it has been required that
an objection to the counting of any vote should
s0 ^ ro'ght be submitted to
both Houses for their decision in their separate
Chambers. The gentleman from Massachusetts
will submit his point in writing ; and the Chair
will have it stated from the Clerk's desk.
Senator CONKLTNG, While the gentle-
man from' Massachusetts is reducing his point
to writing, I suggest to the Chair that either
by the point being-withheld for the present,
(this particular return being laid aside.) or
otherwise, we can avoid the necessity of
separating at this moment. Gentlemen know
that a separation, to deliberate upon another
point or two, is quite likely to occur; and I
suggest that if this question can be passed
over in one form or another for the moment,
'we Gan complete the reading of all the returns
upon which there is nf> question; and then
upon the two or three questions which may
remain for decision, one single separation of
the joint convention and one coming together
will suffice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the gentleman from Massachusetts
will be understood as reserving the point
which he has made, to be presented at the
close of the counting, or- whenever the two
Houses may be required under the rule to
meet in their respective Chambers. Will that
suit the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Mr. HOAR. I have no objection. <
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be under-
stood as so reserved.-
The tellers resumed the reading of the cer-
tificates. When the vote of the S,tate of Mis-
sissippi was announced,
Mr. Senator SHERMAN (one of the tellers)
said: As the form in this case is somewhat
different from the others, I will read the cer-
tificate of the Governor :
"On this "Wednesday, the 4th day of December,
1872, at the city of Jackson, in the State of Missis-
sippi, the electors thereof assembled lor the pur-
pose of voting for President and Vice President of
-the United States; and they accordingly voted with
the following result, to wit:
" For President of the United States, Ulysses S.
Grant, of Illinois, eight votes.
" For Vice President of the United States, Henry
Wilson, of Massachusetts, eight votes."
The tellers call attention to the fact that
the electors do not certify that they voted by
ballot.
Senator TRUMBULL. I observed that. I
think this is a question of sufficient import-
ance to receive the consideration of the two
Houses. I object to the vote of Mississippi
being counted, for the reason that it does not
appear that the electors voted by ballot. I
.will reduce the objection to writing and let
it lie until the two Houses separate upon other
questions, if it be agreeable to the conven-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] objects to
counting the vote of the electors of the State
of Mississippi, on the ground there is no
certificate, they voted by ballot, but for the
present he reserves that point.
Senator TRUMBULL. At the suggestion
of a Senator who thinks it would be a bad
precedent.when an objection is raised to pass it
over and go through with tho vote in a matter
of such grave importance as this, I will present
the question now.
Senator SHERMAN, (one of the tellers.)
The tellers direct me to read another paper
from the State of Mississippi.
Senator TRUMBULL. If there are any
other papers I should like to hear them all
read.
Senator SHERMAN (one of the tellers)
then read a certificate stating that the electors
of tbe State of Mississippi had assembled for
the purpose of giving their votes for President
and Vice President of the United States, and
that A. T. Morgan, one ofthe electors, not being
present, they had duly appointed J. J. Spell-
man to fill said vacancy under the revised code
of the State of Mississippi of 1871, to which
was appended the great seal of the State of
Mississippi, and the signature of James Lynch,
secretary of State of Mississippi.
. The VICE PRESIDENT if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has reduced to
writing the point which he made it will be
now presented to the convention.
