1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
at all. The Government simply pays as an
individual for the lots that abut on the streets
in the city one sixth, and then, instead of con-
tributing to the general fund, it pays its part
of the streets that pass through Government
property, being much less than it would pay
if the same principle applied to it as to the
citizens.
Air. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I simply
desire to correct a misapprehension on the
part of mv friend from Illinois. I bought a
house here a few years ago, and, if my recol-
lection is correct, I was assessed more than I
paid for it the first year, and have been ever
since.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the hill to be read the third time.
J he bill was read the third time.
Mr. SAl'LSBURY. Mr. President, I wish
to say that I shall vole for the bill, not. because
I Bp,iri'Ve what, has been done by the Board
if i'ublic Works, not because I believe the
expenditure has been a proper one in all the
circumstances, but they have expended vast
amounts in the city, and the property holders
are compelled, unless they have relief, to pay.
I therefore, in tender mercy to the tax-payers
of this city, many of whom have been injured
by the action of the Board of Public Works,
vo:e for this bill ; not because I believe the
appropriation to be the proper amount to vote
for, but because it is ihe best I can do in order
to give relief to the tax-payers.
The bill was passed.
KXHCl'I'IVK COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
inviting the attention of the Senate to the
communication from that Department of the
l'2rli instant on the subject of telegraphic
communication between the military posts in
Anzona, and recommending that early pro-
vision be made for the construction of such a
hue as a measure of economy to the Govern-
ment. and one of much importance to future
military operations in Ar.zona; which was
ri lerred to the Commitlee on Military Affairs,
and mdered to be priuted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BII.L
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
pioceed to the consideration of executive
business.
ilr. COLE. I would inquire in what posi-
tion is ihe Indian appropriation bill'.'
i'he PRESI DEN I'pro tempore. That bill
ha." been laid upon the tatjie.
Mr. COLE. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to its consideration.
The PRESIDEN I' pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New York withdraw his motion?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
doing so tor the purpose stated by the Senator
tiom Cali'onna.
Mr. COLE. I move to take up the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider (lie bill (H. R. No. 2'j8'jj making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
liiihlling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes lor the year ending June 30, 1874.
EXBCUTIVK SESSION.
Mr. CONKLING. I now renew and insist
on my motiou for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-
three, noes not counted; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. After fifty minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened.
RKMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. HILL. I now move to postpone the
regular oj-derand-take up House bill No. 1325.
Mr. COLE. Let the regular order be passed
over informally.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. No; not
informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can-
not be passed over informally if objection is
made. It is moved to postpone the present
aud all prior orders to proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 1825.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1325J to remove
the disabilities of certain persons therein
named. The bill proposes to relieve from
all political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, David
Irwin, Lewis Tumlin, Warren Aken, James W.
Harris, T. C. Howard, Alfred Iverson, Thomas
Hardeman, and Lafayette McLaws, of Georgia.
Mr. HILL. I now move to amend 'he bill
by inserting the name of John W. H. Under-
wood, of Georgia, who is in the same situation
with Mr. Iverson and Mr. Hardeman.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Put in all who are in the
same situation.
Mr. RANSOM. I beg leave to add the
names of William A. Graham 
The PRESIDEN 1' pro tempore. The first
question will be on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Georgia.
Mr. HILL. 1 only propose to insert one
name, the name of a gentleman who was a
member of the Thirty S.xth Congress.
I'he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANSOM. Now I move to amend
further by inserting two names of William A.
Graham and William N. H. Smith, and Burton
Craig, of like character, of North Carolina.
Several Senators. All right.
Mr. CONKLING. It would be all right
but that we have gone far enough.
Mr. HILL. I gave the reasons on a former
occasion why I wished the bill passed for these
Georgians, and I ask my friend from North
Carolina to withdraw the amendment if it en-
dangers the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no; let them all go
through if one does.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to give notice,
for one, that I did not bargain for all North
Carolina.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We passed an amnesty
bill at the last session which opened to every-
body the holding of political office except men
who left the Thirty-Sixth Congress to engage
in the rebellion, who really pei formed the part
of spies more or less—I do not mean to apply
that to every gentleman who was here, because
very likely that would be unjust, and I do not
want to be unjust—but we passed an amnesty
bill that we thought was broad enough. Now
it is proposed, because certain people are not
eligible to be Senators in Georgia, that we
shall take pains in addition to remove their
disabilities in order that we may make haste
to receive them here if they can beat my
respected friend, who I hope will be a can-
didate. That being the state of the case, to
pass a bill of that kind with a thin Senate
would be a wrong on all gentlemen who have
gone away for the holidays. Therefore, if we
have answered the honorable engagement
which seems to have been entered into in
taking up my friend's bill, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HILL. I hope not.
Mr. WIN DOM. Before the motion is put
I ask the Senate to take up the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot do that. That
would exclude my friend from Georgia bom
the engagement that was entered into, lie
has his bill on the docket.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the amendments be
agreed to before we adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I insist on my
motion.
I'he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 14, noes 10.
The PRESIDEN 1' pro tempore. The Sen-
ate refuses to adjourn, but no quorum is voting.
Mr. MORTON. 'I'he Senator from Geor-
gia has now done his duty to his friends in
Georgia. He has done alt that he could. I
do not. think that the bill can be passed, espe-
cially with the amendments that have been
made to it. I shall therefore vote for an
adjournment. He has acquitted himself, and
no blame rests on him.
Mr. POMEROY. if the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina be put on 1 shall
be willing to adjourn. When we commence
amending the bill let us have ad the amend-
ments on.
Mr. HILL. If you open it in that way, I
do not know where you will stop.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the amendment of
the Sena'oi>'yoin North Carolina be put on.
The Pllh DENT pro tempore. The last
vote discloses' >i<* absence of a quorum, aud
no business c •>' done except to send .for
absent members or adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 move thattheSergeant-
at-Arms be directed to request the attendance
of the absent members
Mr. CONKLING. Is it in order to amend
that motion by making the request that they
appear upon the 6th of Januai.v ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, it is not.
The PRESlDENTprotenywre. The Chair
thinks that, would not be in oider.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will ac-
cept my suggestion I will vote for the motion,
requesting that they appear on the 6th day of
January next, at tivelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment would not be in order.
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate do now
adjoHrn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion is in order.
The motion was agreed to.
The J'KESIDENT pro tempore. By concur-
rent vote of the two Houses ot Congress, I pro-
nounce the Senate adjourned until Monday,
the 6th day of January next, at twelve o'clock
noon.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 20, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler. D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
W. H. KIRK.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is on the Speaker's
table a House bill which has come back from
the Senate, with an amendment. It is the bill
(H. R. No. 2255) for the relief of W. 11. Kirk.
Mr. Kirk is a one-legged soldier, who has a
small post office in one of the counties of my
Stale. During a tire two months ago he lost
postage stamps to the amount of about $110.
He has made his proof to the satisiaction of
the Post Office Committees in both Houses.
The amendment, of the Senate requires that, lie
shall now make proof before the accounting
officers of the Treasury, which will be attended
with a great deal of trouble and will require
the employment of an attorney, thus using up
a large portion of the small amount provided
for in the bill. I desire to move thattheamend-
ment ot the Senate be not concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In line two strike out "required" and insert
" authorized."
At the end of the bill insert:
Prodded, That satisfactory proof of the facts
herein set forth be produced to the eaid accounting
officers.
There being no objection, the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
