334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
ii
Mr. MAYXARD moved to reconsider the
vov by which the amendment of the Senate
non concurred in ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post routes.
Mr. CROSSLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 82(57) to estab-
lish certain post road* : which was read a first
and second time.
Mr CROSSLAND. As this bill contains
no legislation. I ask that it be put on its pas-
sag" now.
There being no objection, the bill was read.
It establishes the following post routes : from
Ruck«rs Station, in Livingston county. Ken-
tucky, via Brown's Landing, to Smithland,
Ken'uckv: from South China. Kennebec
county. Maine, to Augusta, by way of Weeks
M'l!« and Togtis Military A°vium ; from Wal-
doboro to Jefferson and Ea«t Jefferson in
Lincoln county, Maine: from Damariseotta
to Jefferson and East Jefferson, in Lincoln
county. Maine.
The bi'l was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CROSSLAND moved to reconsiderthe
yote by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joseph weldt.
Mr. DODDS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill ( H. R. No. 3268) to grant a pen-
sion to Joseph VVeldt, late second lieutenant
of the fifty-eighth Ohio volunteers ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
henry millward.
Mr. DODDS also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3269) for the
relief of Henry Millward ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
OSAGE LANDS IS KANSAS.
Mr. LOWE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3270) to extend the
time for making entries of the Osage lands in
Kansas; which was read a first and second
time? referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
business of indian committee.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire to make a request
in regard to the business of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I desire that Wednesday, the
28th of January, after the morning hour, be
set apart for the consideration of reports from
that committee. I am requested by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Garfield, of Ohio] to say that, so far
as he ie concerned, he a=sents to this arrange-
ment.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the
Chair to advise the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Shanks] that if he does not fix the hour
otherwise than by saying " after the morning
hour," it does not establish anything certain.
Jf a definite hour be named, the Chair will
enforce it.
Mr. SHANKS. I name, then, half past one
o'clock.
Mr. PERCE. I will object unless it be made
" half past two."
The SPEAKER. Two o'clock in the usual
hour.
Mr. SHANKS. Very well; let that be the
hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must insist,
if this order is to be made to the exclusion oi
all other business, that business of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations be excepted.
Mr. DAWES. And business of the Com-
mittee oi Ways and Meaus, or I must object.
[Laughter.]
Mr, SHANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] will not insist
upon his exception. It has become so com-
mon to except business of the Committee on
Appropriations that 1 suppose it must be done
in this case.
Mr. HOLMAN. If any one committee be
excepted I will object, though 1 am anxious
for my colleague [Mr. Shanks] to have his
hour.
Mr. SHANKS. The business of our com-
mittee will not be reached at all unless we
get this special assignment.
Mr. FARNSWOltTH. There are a good
many other committees in the same predica-
ment.
Mr. SHANKS. I am sorry that is so. I
am very anxious in reference to one commit-
tee. the Committee on Indian Affairs, which
I am now asking about.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again put
the question to the House. Is there objection
to setting apart Wednesday, January 28, after
two p. m., for the reception and consideration
of reports from the Committee on Indian
Affairs to the exclusion of all other orders ?
Mr. HAWLE Y, of Illinois. I object to that
unless an exception is made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to object, and he need not give any reason
for i'.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Then I must
object unless there be an exception in favor
of auother committee.
smithsonian report.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and unuer the law referred
to the Committee on Printing:
lieinlved, That twenty thousand additional copies
of the report of the Smithsonian Institution for 1871
be printed; four thousand for the use of the Senate,
ten thousand for the use of the House, and six
thousand lor the use of the Institution.
indian affairs.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3271) to secure a
more efficient and honest administration of
Indian affairs in the several Territories ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I enter the motion
to reconsider so that that bill may not be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Under the amended rule,
the bill being introduced by unanimous con-
sent, it cannot be brought back by a motion
to reconsider.
breakwater, pojtt-mouth harbor
Mr. HIBBARD, j unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Renolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of con-
structing asea-wall or breakwater between Gerrish's
Island and Wood Island, in Portsmouth harbor,
New Hampshire, and report by hill or otherwise.
education in territories.
Mr. CLAGETT, by unanimous consent,
submitted an amendment which he proposed
to offer to a bill (H. R. No. 108) to promote
education in the several Territories of the
United States ; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT, ETC.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 171)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
providing for the election of President and
Vice President by direct Tote of the people :
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
ELECTION OF SENATORS.
Mr. PORTER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 172)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
providing for the election of Senators in Con-
gress by direct vote of the people in the several
States ,- which was read a first iind second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
district affairs.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, submitted a report from the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, in response to
a resolution of the House adopted on motion
of Mr. Roosevelt, respecting affairs in the
District of Columbia : which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
oliver evans woods.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. li. No. 3272) for the re-
lief of Oliver Evans Woods, of Philadelphia;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
gruetli yerein.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3273) to incorporate
the Gruetli Yerein Joint Stock Company;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
supervision of district jail.
Mr. CHIPMAN also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3274) re-
storing to the marshal of the District the ex-
clusive supervision of the jail in said District ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on his motion, as I desire to
make a report from the Committee on the
, Judiciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist on my
motion for the present.
! R. M. GREEN.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill (H. R. No. 2206) for the
payment of R. M. Green for the use of his
I patent by the Government, with Senate amend-
ments, be taken from the Speaker's table, with
i, a view to concurring in the amendments,
jl The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
'! Senate will be read.
'I The Clerk read as follows:
On page 1, line one, strike out the word "Navy"
! and insert the word " Treasury."
On page 1, lines two and three, strike out all after
the words "out of" to and including the word " dis-
posal," and insert the words " any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
On page], lines tour and five, strike out the words
, " the use by the Government of,"
! On page 1, line five, alter -the word " patent," in-
sert the words " for a."
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the bill itself be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, tkc., That the Seoretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, directed to pay to R. M. Green,
out of any surplus from appropriations or other
moneys belonging to the Government and at his
disposal, the euin ol $10,000, as payment in full for
the use by the Government of his patent machine
for bending chain-cable links, connecting-shackles,
and tackle-hooks.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to state to the
gentleman that the Committee on Naval
Affairs reported this bill favorably.
Mr. AMBLER. It is a bill which should
come through the Committee of Claims.
Mr. COGHLAN. The bill, having passed
the House, also passed the Senate, with the
unimportant amendments which have been
read. They are simply to the effect that the
amount shall be paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury, out of any money not otherwise
appropriated, instead of by the Secretary of
the Navy. This man has been waiting for his
money for a long time, and I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will allow the bill to pass.
