336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
message from the SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one ot its clerks, announced that in the
absence of the Vice President the Senate had
chosen as President pro tempore Hon. Henry
B. Anthoxy, a Senator from the State of
Rhode Island.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had adopted the following resolution; in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
llesolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring.) That eight thousand copies of
the addresses delivered in the two Houses on the
18th instant 011 the occasion of the announcement
ot the death of Hon. Garrett Davis, late a Senator
from the State of Kentucky, be printed and bound;
three thousand copies for the use of the Senate, and
five thousand copies for the use of the House ot
Representatives.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. ii. No. 2506) repealing an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Joanna
L.Shaw;"
An act (H. R. No. 3259) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Amer-
ican register to the English-built wrecked
schooner N. J. Miller;
An act (H. R. No. 3005) for the extension
of time to the Winona and St. Peter Railroad
Company for the completion of its road ; and
An act (H. R. No. 3257) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire into the
depredations on the frontier of the State of
Texas.
order of business.
Mr. BANKS. In order to test the question
whether there is aquorum in actual attendance,
I move a call of the House. If there be not a
quorum here, we must adjourn of course.
i'tie motion for a call of the House was agreed
to ; there being—ayes 45, noes 26.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there is any possi-
bility of getiing a quorum, I have no objection
to a call of the House; but have gentlemen
any expectation of getting any more members
here ?
Mr. BANKS. No debate is in order.
'J lie SPEAKER. The Clerk will call the roll.
The roll was called; when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer, Averill, Barnum,
Be.itty, Bell, Bigby, Bird, Austin Blair, Boartnan,
Boles, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell, Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Con-
ner, 1 ox, Crebs, Creely, Ciitcher, Crocker, Darrall,
Davis, De Large, Dickey, Duke, E.hott, Ely, Esty,
Farwell, Forker, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garrett, Gollad.iy, Goodrich, Griffith, Halde-
man, llalsey, Hambleton, Handley, Hanks, Harmer,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hay,Hays, Hereford, Hern-
dun, Hill, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Killinger,
Kitnella, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach.Lewis,
Malison, McCrary, Mclleury, Mclntyre, McKinney,
McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morphis,
Niblack, Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Peters. Piatt, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Randall, Edward Y.Rice, Ritchie, William R. R> b-
erts, Robins.in, Roosevelt, Rusk, Scofield, Seeley,
Sessions, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker,
Slater, Sloeutn, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith. Snapp,
Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Storm, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland. Sypher, Terry, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Tyuer, Upson,
VanTrump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Waldron,
Walls, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M, Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Wood.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GEJ'Z. My colleague, Mr. Packek,
was in his seat this morning, but was called
home by a telegram. He desired me to ask
that lie be excused from attendance 011 to-day's
session.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to present
the excuse of my colleague from Missouri, Mr.
Wells, whom I left at his room this morning
sick.
The roll-call having been concluded,
The SPEAKER. The roll discloses the
presence of one hundred and nine members—
not a quorum of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that motion is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The motion to adjourn is
in order, I believe.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How many
members do we need in Order to make a
quorum.
The SPEAKER. Twelve.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
that the only thing wanted is, if there be quo-
rum in or about the Capitol, to get a quorum
here, in order that sundry bills, which ought to
be signed before we leave, may be signed. If
a quorum be not in the city, or not accessible,
of course there is no use for us t.c struggle
about the matter, and we had better adjourn ;
but I suggest that proceedings under the call
be carried far enough to enable us to ascer-
tain whether in or about the Capitol there are
enough members to make a quorum. It is
only reasonable that we should wait until we
can ascertain that fact. I hope, therefore, that
gentlemen will allow the proceedings under
the call to go on until that is ascertained.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very certain that
gentlemen who have left the Hall have done
so with the expectation of taking the next
train.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not neces-
sarily; and at any rate it will be two hours
before the next train will leave.
Mr. HOLMAN. Less than that. The next
train leaves about three o'clock. The only
effect of prolonging these proceedings will be
to delay gentlemen who are anxious to leave
■ the city and who have understood no busiuess
1 would be done to-day.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair must say for
the benefit of gentlemen who are interested in
bills that he doubts his power to even perform
the ministerial act of signing an enrolled bill
when it is positively disclosed that a quorum
is not present. Enrolled bills are to be signed
in the presence of the House. Of course, if
no question be raised as to the presence or
absence of a quorum, it is not necessary that
even five members be present; but the ques-
tion being raised, aud the factdisclosed that a
quorum is not in attendance, the Chair does
not think he would be authorized, under the
Constitution and laws, to sign an enrolled
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is a reason
why I think we should have a quorum here if
possible.
Mr. BANKS. I presume no member of
the House would take advantage of the absence
of a quorum to prevent the signing of a bill;
but I would ask that the House take a recess
until a certain hour, that members may come
in.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot submit
that motion. The presence of less than a
quorum having been disclosed, nothing is in
order but a call of the House, or a motion to
adjourn, or to take such measures as will en-
force the attendance of absent members.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I hope
gentlemen will not resist the continuance of
proceedings under the call, at least until we
ascertain whether enough members are near
at hand to make aquorum. That can be found
out in a short time.
Mr. HOLMAN. According to all our ex-
perience the mere effect will be to detain some
gentlemen in the House who desire to leave
the city for their homes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In half an hour
we can ascertain the fact whether a quorum
be present or not. There will be no antag-
onism about it. If it is ascertained there is a
quorum easily accessible we can have it; and
if not we must abandon the contest and allow
the adjournment to take place.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ail this is on the
hypoihesis that the Senate is going to send us
some bill without amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman's pardon, there is now a bill before the
Speaker to be signed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is it?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Texan
frontier bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then let it be signed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It cannot be
signed because of the lack of a quorum.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The real point, Mr.
Speaker, is that some gentlemen here expect
a bill from the Senate. The expectation is
that the Senate is going to register our edict
and pass a certain bill without amendment;
that, it is going to return to us at once without
amendment a bill we have just sent to them.
All this is in behalf of the Board of Public
Works of the District of Columbia. That is
the purport of it. It is all in favor of the
deficiency bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Suppose that
should come back from the Senate, is there
any reason why it should not be signed by the
Speaker ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not suppose
that any bill will suffer it'it be postponed for a
couple of weeks.
Mr. L. MYERS. There are a great many
people who will suffer unless the bill be passed
before the holidays.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Most of those who have
been obstructing business this morning are the
very members who desire to go home.
Air. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
doors be closed and the absentees be sent for
by the S^rgeant-at-Arms.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
32, noes 50.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 60, not voting
146 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barber, Erasmus
W.Beck, Jauie3B.Beek,Beveridge, James G.Blair,
Braxton, Burchard, Carroll, Doun.tn, Farmworth,
Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, Havens, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Lowe, Marshall, jVtcCleiland, MeCor-
mick, MoJunkin, Merrick, Morgan, Orr, Perry, Joiin
M. Rice, Sion II. Rogers, Sawyer, Shobcr, Wheeler,
Whitthorne, Willaid, and Young—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Barry, Biggs, Brooks, Buf-
finton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb. Coghlan,
Cotton, Dawes, Dodds, Dox, DuBose, Duell, Bunnell,
Karnes, Eldredgc, Garfield, Garrett, (itddmgs, Han-
cock, George E. Harris, John B. liawloy, Joseph R.
JIavrley, Gerry W. Ilazelton, Joiin W. Ilazelton, Uio-
baj-d, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Lynch, MeGrew,
Mcrriam, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negiey,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Poland, Porter, Rainey,
Ellis II. Roberts, John Rogers, Sargent, Suanks,
Sheldon, II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stoughton, Tafl'e, Turner, Twicli-
ell, Wakeman, Waiden, Wallace, and Williams of
Indiana—GO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker. Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Averill. Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bing-
ham, Bird. Austin Blair, Boarman, Boles, Bright,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler. Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cox,
Crebs,Crecly, Critcher. Crocker, Crossland, Darrall,
Davis, De Large, Dickey, Duke, Elliott, Ely, Ksty,
Farwell, Forker. Charles Foster, Wilder D.Foster,
Frye.Getz, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman,
Hale. Haisey, Hambleton, Handley, Hanks, Har-
mer, Harper, John T. Harris, Hay, Hays, Hereford,
Herndon, Hill, Ilolman, Kelley, Kellogg, Kctcham,
Killinger, Kinsella, Lauiison, Lamport, Lansing,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, Maynard, McCrary, Mc-
llenry, Mclntyre, MoKee, McKinney, McNeely,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morphis,
Niblaek, Packard, Packer. Hosea W. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce. Peters, Piatt, Potter. Price, Prm
die. Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Riteliie, Wil-
liam R. Robeits, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sco-
field, Seeley, Sessions, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slater. Slocuni, Sloss, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp. Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Storm. Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Swann, Sy-
pher, Terry, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washing-
ton Townsend, Tuthill. Tyner, Upsou, Van Trump,
Vaughan. Voorhees. Waddell, Waldron, Walls
Warren, Wells, Wliiteley, Williaans of New York.
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—146.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympso.v, one of its clerks, notifying the
