1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The twenty-
second joint rule provides that—
" If, upon the reading of any such certificate by
the tellers, any question shall arise in regard to
counting the votes therein certified, the same having
been stated by the PresidingOflieer, the Senate shall
thereupon withdraw, and said question shall be sub-
mitted totbatbodyfor its decision; and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives shall in like man-
ner submit said question to the House of Represent-
atives for its decision."
This objection not having been made when
the tellers read the electoral vote of the State
of Georgia, in the opinion of the Chair it
comes too late.
Senator MORTON. I desire to make the
point whether the objection is not in time if it
is made before the result is finally announced
after the counting of all the votes.
Senator CAB PUNTER. Is it in order to
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
The VI<JE PRESIDENT. The Senator him-
self will see that there could not be an appeal
taken in a joint meeting of the two Houses ;
but if any point can be made on which the two
Houses can be required to divide, the Chair
will entertain it. The language of the joint
rule is so emphatic that the Senator from Wis-
consin will see that when a thing is directed to
be done at a particular time, it must be done
at that time.
Senator TRUMBULL. Was the last return
read from Missouri ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was.
Senator TRUMBULL. If the case of Mis-
souri has not passed from the consideration of
this meeting, I ask if the same question does
not arise in the ease of Missouri, and if there
were not votes cast there for citizens of the
State for the two offices?
Senator CARPENTER. I withdraw my
point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that, as the credentials of no other State had
been read, the objection wilt come in time,
and the papers in the case of Missouri will be
again read.
Senator CONKLING. I beg to ask that at
the same time the tellers report whether the
same electors voted for citizens residing in the
same State for the two offices; whether there
is anything on the face of the papers to show
that_ certain electors may not have voted for
candidates for President and Vice President
residing in different States, and that certain
other electors voted for other candidates who
resided in the State?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
have all the papers read again.
Senator SHERMAN (one of the tellers)
again read the certificates from the State of
Missouri.
Senator TRUMBULL. I thought the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] made the
point that the vote could not be counted.
Senator MORTON. I simply desired to
call the attention of the two Houses to the
facts.
Senator CARPENTER. I object to the
counting of the vote of Missouri so far as
votes were given (or President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States from the same State,
and will reduce my objection to writing.
Senator CONKLING. Meanwhile, may we
not have read the concluding statement of
that certificate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
ot the senate will read it.
The Secretary of the Senate read as follows:
said Sectors8who'voUdforB. Grate BrownforPresf
dent voted for him for Vice President "
Several Members ^That ends ihe matter.
Senator CARPENTER. Upon examioa-
tjon, i withdraw the point.
Mr. POTTER. In relation to the vote of
lexas, 1 desire to .inquire whether I eorrectlv
understood the tellers, that there is no certifi-
cate from the executive authorities of the State
of Texas as to the persons appointed electors?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The secretary
of the State certifies to their election under
the seal of the State.
Mr. POTTER. But there is no certificate
from the Governor of the State ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
certificate from the Governor of the State.
Senator TRUMBULL. I desire, then, to ob-
ject to the reception of the vote of Texas.
This case differs from that of Mississippi.
There the Executive certified to the election
of the electors; but in this case I understand
there is no certificate from the executive au-
thorities of the State of Texas to the election
of the original electors ; no certificate from the
Governor at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tellers de
sire the Chair to state that four of the electors
met, and appointed four others, in place of
four persons who were absent, and certified
the facts themselves.
Mr. POTTER. But as to the original
electors there is no certificate from the Gov-
ernor of the State ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be only the certificate of the Secretary of
the State, under the seal of the State.
Mr. POTTER. This case differs, then, from
the Mississippi case. In that case the original
electors held certificates from the Governor,
while the substitute for one of them did not.
Senator TRUMBULL. I object to the re-
ception of the vote of Texas because there is
no certificate of the executive authorities of
that State to show that the persons who voted
for President and Vice President were ap-
pointed as electors of that State, as required
by act of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
of the Senate will again read the last certifi-
cate.
The Secretary of the Senate read as follows:
Department op State,
Austin, Tkxas, December 4,1872.
The following personshavins received the highest
number of votes cast for electors of President and
Vice President of the Gnixed States, are hereby
declared duly elected as such : B. B. Hubbard, A. 1.
Bainey, B. A. Epperman, J. J. Good, Thomas Har-
rison, John Ireland. S. A. Darden, J. M. Maxey.
Witness my hand and official seal at ofiice in the
city of Austin, this 4th day of Derember. A. D.1872.
. J. E. OLDRIGfH'P,
Acting Secretary of State.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would inquire
if the certificate of the secretary of the State
of Texas is made in terms " by authority of
the Governor," although the signature of the
Governor is not there?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The certificate
of the acting secretary of State will again be
read.
Mr. DAWES (one of the tellers) read the
certificate, as follows:
Depa&tment of State,
Austin, December 4, 1872.
The following named persons having received the
highest number of votes cast for electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States, are
hereby declared duly elected as such. [Here the
names are given.j
Witn^s hand and official seal, at office, in the
city of Austin, this 4th day of December, A I) -1872
J.E. OLDRIGHT,
Acting Secretary of State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The certificate
has upon it the seal of the State of Texas.
The Secretary will now read the objection of
the Senator from Illinois.
The Secretary of the Senate read as follows:
Mr. Trumbull objects to>thevoteof Texas because
tbereis no certificate by the executive authority of
that btate that the persons who voted for President
* Vice President were appointed as electors of
that btate as required by the act of Congress,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest that any other objection to the count-
ing of the vote of Texas be now submitted to
the joint .convention.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to the counting of
the electoral vote of the State of Texas because
tour of the electors, less than a majority of
those elected, undertook to fill the places of
other four electors who had been elected and
were absent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These two ob-
jections to counting the vote of Texas having
been made, the Senate will now withdraw to
their Chamber.
The Senate accordingly retired from the
Hall of the House.
The SPEAKER resumed the chair, uud
called the House to order.
The Clerk read the following, from the joint
convention of the two Houses:
Mr. Trumbull objected to the vote of Texas
because there is no certificate by the executive
authority of that State that the persons who voted
for President and Vice President were appointed as
electors of that State as required by the act of Con-
gress.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following res-
olution :
Mesolved, That in the judgment of this House the
vote of Texas should be counted as reported by the
tellers.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Would it be in
order to have again read to the House the
certificate of the acting secretary of State of
Texas ?
The SPEAKER. It would.
The certificate was again read.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have the
statute of Texas on this subject read to the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not per-
mit anything to be read in the nature of
debate.
Mr. DAWES. Not a statute?
The SPEAKER. Not even that.
Mr. SPEER. Is it in order to have read
the act of Congress referred to in the objec-
tion made by the Senator from Illinois?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it can-
not be done.
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to move a sub-
stitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes?]
The SPEAKER. It would be if the gen-
tleman yields the floor without calling the pre-
vious question on his resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I think the statute of the
State of Texas should be read, as it all "de-
pends on that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will perceive that
reading the statute of the State of Texas
would be in the nature of debate on this point.
The rule is as absolute as language can make
it, that all points on which the joint conven-
tion may differ must be determined without
debate.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that the statute of the Slate of
Texas be read, with reference to the next
point coming from the joint convention.
Mr. STEVENSON, It is a joint rule that
prescribes there shall be no debate.
'Ihe SPEAKER. A rule which the House
cannot vary.
Mr. DA WES. Is it in order to take a recess
for ten minutes ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be. Noth-
ing is in order at this point except the pending
resolution.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Is it not as much
in order that the Chair should direct the read
ing of a statute of the United States as that
be should direct the reading of a joint rule of
the two Houses ?
. The SPEAKER. It is not, because the
.joint rule is a rule of action for the two
Houses.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So is a statute of
the United States,
i SPEAKER. But the joint rule pre-
ludes debate upon such a question as this:
and the reading of a statute is certainly in the
nature of debate. There might be a statute
hours' S 0t Ch W°Uld occupy thr,'e
Mr. PETERS. We might have all the
statutes read.
The question being taken on Ihe resolution
