1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
of Mr. Dawes, it was agreed to; there being—
ayes 107, noes 22.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now re-
port the next objection which comes from the
joint convention.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Dickey objected to the counting of the elect-
oral vote of the State of Toxas because four elect-
ors. less than a majority of tbose elected, undertook
to fill the places of other four eleotors, who had been
elected and were absent.
Mr. DICKEY. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the
electoral vote of the State of Texas ior President
and Vice President ought not to be.counted, for the
reason that four electors, less than a majority of
those elected, undertook to fill the places of other four
electors who had been elected and were absent.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the res-
olution by substituting the following after the
word " resolved
That the vote of Texas ought to be counted.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us vote down the
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Very well; I withdraw my
substitute.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out all after the word "re-
solved" and inserting the following:
That a quorum is an arbitrary number, which
each State has a right to establish for itself; and as
it does not appear that the choice of electors was in
conflict with the law of that State as to a quorum
for the transaction of business, the vote of the
electors for President and Vice President should be
counted.
>lr. DICKEY. If this House will allow the
statute of Texas to be read 
Mr. ELD HEDGE I raise a point of order
that the pending amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] is simply an
argument upon the question.
Mr. PE I'ERS. A very good argument.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the op-
eration thereof the amendment of Mr. Banks
was agreed to, and the resolution as amended
adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that copies of the
resolutions adopted by the House be commun-
icated forthwith to the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And that the
Senate be notified that the House is ready to
receive them.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk intimates that
there is no necessity for the order suggested
by the gentleman from Ohio. The Clerk makes
that notification as a matter of course.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 simply pro-
posed that the Senate should be notified we
are ready to receive them.
The SPEAKER. If the House has acted
on all the business coming from the joint con-
vention, the presumption is that the House is
ready to receive the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House take
a recess for five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
The recess having expired, the Speaker
again called the House to order.
Mr. KERR, (after a pause.) Mr. Speaker,
would it be in order now to make a report from
the Committee of Ways and Means for imme-
diate action?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks nothing
is in order except what relates to the counting
of the electoral votes.
Mr. WOOD. Would it be in order to move
to take a recess ?
The SPEAKER. It would ; but the Chair
is advised that the Senate may be expected to
return every moment.
Mr. WOOD. I give notice that if the Sen-
ate does not return within ten minutes, I shall
move a recess till to-morrow.
The SPEAKER,. That, of course, will be
in order.
At five o'clock and five minutes p. m. the
Senate in a body reentered the Hall.
The VICE PRESIDENT (having resumed
the chair.) Two objections having been made
to the counting of the votes of the electors of
the State of Texas, the Senate upon the first
objection, made by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] resolved as follows:
Resolved, That the electoral vote of the State of
Texas bo counted, notwithstanding the objection
raised by Mr. Thomboi,!,.
And the House of Representatives resolved
as follows:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the
vote of Texas should be counted as reportod by the
tellers.
On the second objection, by Mr. Dickey, the
Senate resolved as follows :
Resolved, That tho objection raised by Mr. Dickey
to counting tho electoral vote of the State of Texas
be and the same is overruled.
And the House of Representatives resolved
as follows:
Resolved, That a quorum is an arbitrary number,
which each State has tho right to establish for itself,
and as it does not appear that the choico of electors
was in conflict with tho law of Texas as to a quorum
for the transaction of business, the vote of the elect-
ors for President and Vice President be counted.
So (the two Houses having concurred) the
electoral vote of' Texas, under the twenty-
second joint rule, will be counted.
The Presiding Officer now presents to the
tellers the electoral vote of the State of Iowa.
Mr. SPEER. Is it in order fqr this joint
convention to take a recess until to-morrow
at half past twelve o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itisnot; it must
be done, if at all, by each House separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
electoral votes of the States of Iowa, Wiscon-
sin, California, Minnesota, Oregon, Kansas,
West Virginia, Nevada, and Nebraska to the
tellers; and they were counted without objec-
tion.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair in
presenting the electoral vote of the State of
Florida will state that the copy directed to be
sent by law to the President of the Senate by
mail was received on the 11th of December,
1872, and the copy by messenger was received
at the Department of State, and in the absence
of the Vice President by the President pro
tempore of the Senate on the 2d oi January,
1873.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, (one of the tellers,)
read the electoral vote and the accompanying
certificates, and the vote of the State of Flor-
ida was counted without objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair in
presenting the electoral vote of the State of
Arkansas states it was received by him by
mail on the 11th of December, 1872, and by
messenger at the Department of State, and
in the absence of the Vice President by the
President pro tempore of the Senate on the
28th of December, 1872. On the 4th or 5th
day of February, during the present month,
a person claiming to be the messenger com-
missioned to bring the electoral vote of the
State of Arkansas presented himself at the
Vice President's room with a paper, not in
the form of law, but addressed to him as
President of the Senate, and stated to him
what he alleged to be its contents, representing
himself to be commissioned as messenger to
bring the vote. The Vice President, said he
would open the paper, as it was addressed to
him, but he would not receive it even inform-
ally. After reading its contents he found that
it did not in any respect comply with the
requirements of the law on the subject. The
papers presented on the 11th of December
and the 28th of December are now submitted
to the tellers.
Mr. RICE. I ask the tellers to read in full
the returns from Arkansas.
Mr. SHERMAN (one of the tellers) accord-
ingly read the papers in the case of Arkansas,
as follows:
State or Arkansas,
Little Book, December 4, 1872,
tho undersigned electors, elected, as shown
by the accompanying certificate, at the general
election held in the State of Arkanas, November 5,
1872, for a President and Vice President of the
United States for tho terra commencing March 4,
1873, met in the city of. Little Rock, State aforesaid,
on Wednesday, the 4th day of December, 1872, and
proceeded to voto by ballot, with the following
result:
D. S. Griffin, W. W. Granger, Thomas II. Barnes,
W. II. Howes, Arthur Hemingway, and L. G.Wheeler
oach cast one vote for Ulysses S. Grant for President
of tho United States for the term aforesaid, and D.
S. Griffin, W, W. Granger, Thomas XI. Barnes, W.
11. Howes, Arthur Hotninpwav. and h. G. Wheeler
oach cast one vote for Henry Wilson for Vice Pres-
ident ot the United States for the tefrm aforesaid,
making six votes oast by said oleetois for oaoh of
the respective candidates above named.
D. S. GRIFFIN.
W. W. GRANGER.
TIIOMAS 11, BARNES,
W. K. HOWES.
ARTHUR HEMINGWAY,
L. G. WHEELER.
State of Arkansas,
Statk Department.
Littlic Rock, December 4,1872.
I, J. M. Johnson, secretary of State of Arkansas,
certify that tho following is tho true and correctlist
of oleotors in and lor tho State of Arkansas to vote
for a President and Vice President of the United
States for the term commencing March 4,1873, who
were elected at tho general election held in pursu-
ance of law in this State, Novembor 5,1872, namely,
D. S. Griflin, W. W. Granger, and ThomasH. Barnos,
from tho State at large; W. 11. Barnes, trom first
congressional district; Arthur Hemingway, from
second congressional district; L. G, Wheeler, from
third congressional district.
In testimony whereof, 1 havo hereunto set my
r, „ i hand and seal of office at Little Rock, this
lI" s"J 4th day of December, A. D. 1872.
J. M.JOHNSON,
aS'ecntary of State.
Senator CONICLING. When was that paper
received ?
Senator SHERMAN, (one of the tellers.)
December 11,1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was by
mail, and on the 28th of December by mes-
senger.
Senator KICE. I object to counting the vote
of Arkansas, and will reduce my objections to
writing. I have to change them a little on
account of hearing the returns which have
been read.
Senator IIAMLIN. While the Senator from
Arkansas is reducing his objections to writing,
1 propose we proceed to the electoral vote of
the State of Louisiana, on which we all know
there will be a separation, so that there may
be but one separation in reference to the elect-
oral votes of the State of Arkansas and of the
State of Louisiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion, as there remains only one electoral vote,
that of the State of Louisiana, to be read ?
Senator THURMAN. I did not distinctly
hear from the Chair whether there were two
returns from Arkansas, or whether the one was
a duplicate of the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is only
one return made in conformity to law from
Arkansas; one being received by messenger
and the duplicate by mail. On the 4th of
E'ebruary others were received, which were
entirely informal.
Senator THURMAN. Are they duplicates
of each other ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are dupli-
Senator THURMAN. How is it with the
others?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The informal
returns were signed by three out of the six
electors, and they stated that they could not
obtain the certificate of the Governor, and
that they therefore inclosed certain correspond-
ence of the Governor, which was not, how-
