338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januaiy 6,
requested to transmit a copy of this joint resolu-
tion to each of our Senators in Congress.
W. K. EDWARDS,
Speaker of the Home nf Representatives.
Q. W. FRIEDLEY,
President of the Senate.
State op Indiana, Office of Secretary of State :
I, John H. Farquhar, secretary of State of the
State of Indiana, do hereby certify that the fore-
going is a full, true, and complete copy of the en-
rolled joint resolution, No. 3 Senate, passed by the
General Assembly of the State of Indiana, entitled
"A joint resolution instructing our Senators in
Congress to support an act pending in the Senate of
the United States to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan chil-
dren, to acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States," and now on file in this office.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of the State at the city
[l. a.] of Indianapolis this 21st day of December,
1872.
JOHN H. FARQUHAR,
Secretary of State.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Nancy
Milligan, praying that she may be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
R. S. McKay, of Covington, Kentncky, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions. i
He also presented a memorial of the presi- !
dent and secretary of Evansville Steamboat-
men's Association, praying Congress to amend
the steamboat law of February, 1871, now j
pending in conference committee ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of John M.
Totten and others, citizens of Indians, praying
for extra compensation for services during
more than eight hours per day at the United
States depot, Jeffersonville, Indiana; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
Fields and sixty others, colored soldiers dur-
ing the late war, praying for the passage of an
act granting each soldier one nundred and
sixty acres without settlement; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of J. B.
Messmore and one hundred and fifty-three
others, praying for an actgranting $100 bounty
and one hundred and sixty acres of land to
all honorably discharged soldiers, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Moses Barnes, of Ohio, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Isaac
Mills and seventeen others, of Lancaster, Ohio,
praying for an act granting $100 bounty and
one hundred and sixty acres of land to all
honorably discharged soldiers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for an
appropriation of $300,000 to pay the expenses
of the commission in charge of American in-
terests at the Vienna exhibition ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of
Commodore C. W. Pickering and others,
naval officers attached to the navy-yard at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, in regard to a
change of their pay ; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of
the Pittsburg Steamboat Association and the
Pittsburg Coal Exchange, by their presidents,
relative to expenditures to avert the obstruc-
tion of the Ohio river by the Parkersburg
bridge. As a bill on this subject is before the
Committee on Commerce, I move the refer-
ence of this petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
James V. Boughner, of West Virginia, praying
that in the settlement of his account as addi-
tional paymaster in the United States volunteer
Army his appointment and acceptance of the
office may be fixed and treated as of the 20th
day of June, 1864; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition of
J. W. F. Williams and others, citizens of
Nebraska, praying for an amendment to the
soldiers' homestead law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
James N. Rose and four hundred others,
praying for bounty and bounty lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented the petition of Mary D.
Spalding and others, heirs of Captain William
Bradshaw, of Salem, Massachusetts, and the
petition of George Savage, son and heir of
Timothy Savage, deceased, praying to be in-
demnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of merchants
of the city of New York, praying for the re-
moval of taxes on State and national banking
institutions; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of E. W.
Benson and others, soldiers of the State of
New York, praying Congress to grant to each
soldier and sailor one hundred and sixty acres
of land without reference to the homestead
act; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
citizens of Michigan praying that a pension be
granted to Otis and Lucy Ann Eddy; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of J. P.
Clark praying for the passage of a bill to grant
an American register to the propeller Oliver
Cromwell; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of the Board
of Trade of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying for an
appropriation in behalf of the department of
the United States at the international exhibi-
tion at Vienna; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented the petition of John S.
Lewis, of Jonesville, Michigan, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Benjamin
H. Shepard, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, addressed to the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, in relation to an
appropriation for the repair of the lake sur-
vey steamer Search; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of the city of Adrian, Mich-
igan, praying for such legislation as will
better protect immigrants to this country;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a resolution of the com-
mon council of the city of St. Clair, Michi-
gan, praying for an appropriation of $25,000
For the improvement of Pine river, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of several
officers of the Navy, asking for an increase of
pay when on shore duty and for officers on the
retired list; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented the petition of the heirs
of Stephen Chase, of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORHILL, of Vermont, presented a
memorial of the chancellor of the University
of Mississippi, the editor of the Southern
Farmer, and other citizens of Mississippi,
praying the passage of the supplemental bill
for the support of the agricultural and mechan-
ical colleges; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the
petition of Charles J. Davrs, administrator of
John Davis, praying half pay for forty-four
years for the services of John Davis as a
captain in the army of the Revolution ; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of the
heirs of George W. Field, ot' St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SAWYER presented two petitions of
the heirs of John Teasdale, of Charleston,
South Carolina, the petition of the heirs of
NathanielIngraham, of Charleston, South Car-
olina, and the petition of Adeline S. Belcher,
heir of Ann Marsh, widow of William Marsh,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying for a sup-
pression of the importation and manufacture
of alcoholic liquors ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented the petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying that one hundred
and sixty acres of land be granted uncondi-
tionally to soldiers who served over ninety
days in the war of the rebellion ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present the
petition of George H. Moores, of Maine,
who represents that he was drafted into the
j service of the United States for a period of
! nine months and furnished a substitute, and
| that during that period he was again drafted,
' and procured his discharge by the payment
| of $300 commutation money, and he now asks
j that that $300 be refunded to him. I sup-
i pose this petition might properly go to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and I move
its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of citi-
zens of the United States and late soldiers,
praying the passage of the bounty land bill
which passed the House of Representatives
December 12, 1872, and known as the " Hol-
man amendment;" which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Amy A.
Hough, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of George
H. Mitchell, John C. Mitchell and William
H. Mead, citizens of San Francisco, California,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
the heirs of Colton Gelston, of Cleveland, Ohio,
praying to be. indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of manufac-
turers of picture-frames, moldings, &c., remon-
strating against the extension of the patent of
Robert Marcher for machinery for enameling ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
He also presented the petition of George
Hales, praying for an invalid pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a resolution of the Cleve-
land Board of Trade, in favor of an appro-
priation toward the expenses of the American
department of the international exposition at
Vienna in 1873; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
