APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 19,
Ho. of Reps.
Vienna International Exposition—Mr. Myers.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
with cheap tobacco, and have left the farmer
to make all the profit that could be realized
out of the product of his farm.
But this did not suit the purpose of our mon-
eyed friends, the manufacturers, and in this
Congress would not have been indulging its
taste and pursuing it usual habit of fostering
and building up monopolies. This law operates
as a direct and positive prohibition against the
farmer selling his tobacco to any one except a
dealer in leaf tobacco, a manufacturer, or a
person who purchases leaf tobacco for export.
These classes of persons, therefore, are the
only ones to whom a farmer is permitted under
the law as it now stands to sell his tobacco.
To show, sir, that I am not stating the propo-
sition any stronger than the law makes it, I
will quote just what it says. After providing
that a farmer orplanter shall not be required to
pay a tax as a dealer in leaf tobacco for sell-
ing tobacco of his own production or that re-
ceived by him as rent from tenants, it says:
" But nothing in this section shiill bo construed to
exempt from a special tax any farmer or planter
who shall, by peddling or otherwise, sell leaf to-
bacco at retail directly to consumers, or who shall
sell or assign, consign, transfer, or dispose of, to
persons other than those who have paid a special
tax as leaf dealers or manufacturers of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, or to persons purchasing leaf tobacco
for export."
Who will or can defend this most iniquitous
effort by legislation to place the farmer and
planter of tobacco, the honest tillers of the
soil, wholly at the mercy of the manufacturer?
No one can deny, if this law stands unrepealed,
that the manufacturers of tobacco have it
within their power to regulate the price of
leaf tsibacco just as much as it is in the power
of the national banks to regulate the volume
of currency and rate of interest in the coun-
try. Who is there or what is there to pre-
vent the manufacturers of tobacco from form-
ing a "corner" or combining to regulate and
dictate the price at which leaf tobacco is to be
bought or sold? Under the law they can
have it all their own way. No one is permitted
to enter the field of competition with them.
The dealers in leaf tobacco cannot prevent it,
for they are prohibited from selling to any one
unless they are manufacturers of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, or purchasers of leaf tobacco
for export. The farmer or planter is power-
less against them, for they are prohibited, as 1
have shown you, from selling to any one except
a dealer in leaf tobacco, manufacturer, or one
purchasing for export.
And again, sir, who is there or what is
there to prevent the manufacturers of tobacco
iroin fixing and extorting from consumers of
tobacco the most exorbitant and iniquitous
prices for the manufactured article 1 Not the
farmer, for he is not permitted, as you will find
by recurring to the law, to sell to consumers
without paying the license required of a retail
dealer in leaf tobacco, or else incurring the
heavy penalties and forfeitures imposed by the
law. This no farmer would venture to do,
however strong the temptation might be, for
he knows, as every one else does, that when-
ever one is so unfortunate as to fall into the
ilutches of the internal revenue officers in
this country, whether guilty of a breach of
law or not, they are shorn of everything, and
plucked clean before they are permitted to go.
ltetail dealers in leaf tobacco cannot prevent
them, for no retail dealer can exist under this
law, nor was it the object or intention of the
framers of this law that any retail dealers
should exist or do business under it. The
enormous and unreasonable amount required
to be paid as a tax by those proposing tp
operate as retail dealers is conclusive evi-
dence of this fact. E'ive hundred dollars re-
quired to be paid before they are permitted to
sell a pound of leaf tobacco was intended by
the manufacturers in whose interest (if not at
their suggestion) this paragraph was inserted,
to drive retail dealers to the wall, and prevent
all competition from that direction, and as- if
fearful that the tax .<SF $500 was not sufficient
for this purpose, there is incorporated invthe
law the further provision that when the sales
of a retail dealer in leaf tobacco exceed $1,000
he shall pay to the Government fifty cents of
every dollar in excess of $1,000. Not con-
teut with the iniquitous tax of $500 required
for a license, the law proposes to extort from
the retail dealer one half of every cent, received
by them in the sale of leaf tobacco.
This tax operates most injuriously and op-
pressively upon the farmer who plants and
cultivates tobacco for his own consumption,
in denying to him the right without, the pay-
ment of any tax whatever to barter or sell to
his neighboring merchant or to any one else
the surplus of his crop. It works most op-
pressively and bears most heavily upon those
who use tobacco, either for chewing or smoking,
who have the misfortune of being poor, in
denying to them all opportunity of getting
tobacco without paying tribute to the man-
ufacturers. This law benefits no one, no class
of persons except the manufacturers, to whom
it gives the monopoly of supplying tobacco to
consumers and places within their power the
means of fixing the price of the leaf tobacco
in the hands of dealers and farmers, no less
than it confers upon them the power to fix
the price to be paid by consumers for the
manufactured article.
I demand the repeal of this most odious and
iniquitous law in the name of the farmers
and planters of the country, those, sir, whom
Congress by friendly legislation should foster
and protect against grasping monopolists
rather than (as this law' does) place them
entirely in their power and at their mercy.
1 ask its f-epeal in the name of the poor of
the country, those from whose shoulders the
Congress of the United States should remove
burdens, not impose them; those whom the
law should protect against the greed of' capi-
tal rather than place them in its power or
make them pay tribute to it. And, sir, although
it may be out of place in this preseuce, 1
demand and urge the repeal of this most
oppressive law m the name of justice, a princi-
ple seldom invoked and rarely heeded by this
body, and that has entered into and consti-
tuted no part of the revenue laws adopted by
the Congress of the United States for some
years past.
Vienna International Exposition.
REMARKS OP HON. L. MYiiRS,
of 1'KNNSyi.VANIA,
1;; tuk IIousk of Representatives.
December 19, 1872,
On the joint resolution (ii. k. No. 170) to enable the
people of the United States to participate in the
advantages of the international exposition to be
held at Vienna in 1873.
Mr. L. MY EMS. Mr. Speaker, in Septem-
ber, 1871, Baron Lederer, the Austro-Hun-
garian minister, by authority of his Govern-
ment, invited the United States to t§,ke part in
the world'sfairto be heldin Vienna next May,
assuring us of the high importances attached by
his Government to our cooperation in what he
termed a work of civilization and peace, tend-
ing to develop the material interests of all
nations. In November, 1871, Baron Lederer
again urged our favorable action and asked the
United States to appoint, as it did for the ex-
positions at London and Paris, a commission
to make arrangements for the participation of
its citizens at Vienna. At the very close of the
last session Congress authorized the President
to appoint such a commission, but there was
little time to discuss the question and no appro-
priation was made to carry out the object in
view. The bill we now report is for that
purpose. I regret that the sum named is not
larger, assured as I feel of the great interest
this exhibition has awakened throughout the
country. We provide that two vessels of our
Navy, which will need to be fitted out at once,
shall aid in carrying to this fair the products
and articles sent there by our exhibitors, and
the amount appropriated is only $100,000.
Yet the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmak]
would reduce it one half, and my colleague on
the committee from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] would
strike it out altogether on the ground that indi-
viduals alone are to be benefited and should
pay the whole expense, while some very esti-
mable gentlemen think that the patent laws of
Austria will injuriously affect our citizens who
may exhibit their inventions at this fair.
1 must believe this opposition has not been
well considered. Of course this exposition
if participated in by us will inure largely to
the benefit of our citizens. That is a strong
inducement to accept the cordial invitation
extended to us. Whatever benefits large
classes of citizens is for the advancement and
honor of the nation, and will add also to its
wealth. Well did Baron Lederer term such
an international exhibition " a work of civil-
ization and peace, tending to develop the ma-
terial interests of the nations."
So far as regards the Austrian laws relat-
ing to patents, as they do not discriminate
against Americans but apply to their own
people alike with others, much as we desire
them changed, to interrupt the progress was
have made in this project for such a cause
would be as unjust to the American people
as to the friendly Government which is ex-
■ tending to us so warm a welcome. It is
true a patent must be worked in Austria within
a given time or it expires, but the patent laws
of France, Russia, and Spain are almost sim-
ilar. In France, also, a patent cannot be
obtained if publication of the invention has
been made elsewhere, and where granted an
annual tax of one hundred francs is imposed
or the patent will expire. In England a tax of
fifty pounds must be paid at the end of three
years, and one hundred pounds at the end of
seven years in order to continue a patent. Yet
American exhibitors at London and Paris did
not suffer from these causes. Our laws are
more liberal, and we hope and believe that
other countries will follow the example we set
iu this and other respects, but it will be done
by bringing them into contact with our people,
not by holding them back. I am happy to say
in the present instance the objection has
aheady been obviated.
The Austro-Hungarian Parliament has
passed a law under which the exhibitors, at
Vienna have the right, free of charge, to a
certificate which shall act as a full patent dur-
ing the exhibition and for two mouths after-
ward, and may be exchanged for a patent by
payment of the small fee of eleven dollars. In
April last there was ratified a treaty between
us protecting trade-marks, and a treaty is in
contemplation by which Austria will treat
American patentees as we do her citizens by
our patent laws. As to the expense, my only
fear is we are doing too little. We appropri-
ated $156,000 for the Paris exposition and had
to supplement this by $50,000 more. The one
at Vienna is to be on a much grander scale,
and the position assigned to the United States
in the industrial palace and machinery hall
is, I understand, the most conspicuous of any.
No money was ever better expended than that
which resulted in our creditable display at
Paris. It would take too long to attempt a
mention of the industries it promoted and the
advantages which accrued from it to the United
States. This was especially notable in the
iron and steel manufactures.
