1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that soldiers, sailors, and ma-
rines of the late war be granted one hundred
and sixty acres of land unconditionally, and <
a bounty of $8 33J per month for the time
served ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
the Board of Trade of the city of Providence,
Rhode Island, and the Society for the Encour-
ngementof American Industry, recommending
the appropriation of $300,000 in aid of the
exposition at Vienna on the part of the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. WEST presented the petition of Richard
A. Stewart, praying for the extension of a !
patent for an improvement in defecating and '
clarifying cane-juice; which was referred to j
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. NORWOOD presented the petition of
Martin J. Crawford, of Georgia, praying for
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 1272)
authorizing the East Chester National Bank
of Mount Vernon to change its location and
name. 1
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 2206) for the payment
of R. M. Green for the use of his patent by
the Government.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2255) for the
relief of W. H. Kirk. !
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3274) to estab-
lish certain post roads; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That Coleman Bobannan have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 24th
of December, 1872, approved and signed the
following acts and joint resolution :
An act (S. No. 819) authorizing the con-
struction of railroad bridges across the Mobile
river, and other navigable streams tributary
to Mobile bay, in accordance with the acts of
the Legislature of the State of Alabama, and
to establish them as post roads ;
An act (S. No. 1211) to authorize the na-
tional bank at Lyons, Michigan, to change
its location and name; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) extending
the time for the presentation and selection of
models of a colossal statue of the late Ad-
miral Farragnt.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of G. L.
Haussknecht, praying to be reimbursed for
the loss of a fifty-dollar United States bond,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his papers; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1296) to authorize the construc-
tion of a fire-proof building at Lincoln, the
capital of Nebraska; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1297) to provide for the construction of a
wagon road from Red Cloud, Nebraska, to
Denver, Colorado ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1298) for the relief of A. V. Richards; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1299) to amend an act entitled "An act to
enable honorably discharged soldiers and sail-
ors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
United States;" which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1300) to authorize the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to settle the account
of Samuel F. Broughner, late additional pay-
master United States volunteers; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1301) to enable Richard A. Stewart to
make application to the Commissioner of
Patents for the extension of letters patent for
an improvement in clarifying and defecating
cane juice ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Patents, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1302) authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river; which was read twice
by itB title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1303) for the relief of Andrew Dillman,
of Illinois; which was read twice by its title,
I referred to the Committee on Patents, and
1 ordered to be printed.
' Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1304) to set apart a cer-
! tain portion of the island of Mackinaw and
straits of Mackinaw, in the State of Michigan,
as a national park; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1305) for the extension of time to the St.
] Paul and Pacific Railroad Company for the
completion of its road; which was read twice
i by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1806) to authorize Robert Cole to locate
certain swamp land indemnity scrip therein
named; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1807) ceding to the several States within
whose limits they respectively lie the beds of
nnsurveyed lakes and other bodies of water ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the bill be
printed and lie on the table. I wish at some
future day, when it suits the convenience of
the Senate, to address some remarks to the
merits of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1308) granting a pension to Mrs. Amy A.
Hough ; which was read twice by its title, and,
with the accompanying papers, referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1300) to amend the acts relating to the
officers employed in the examination of im-
ported merchandise in the district of San
Francisco, State of California; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1310) to recoilvey certain property to Phineas
Banning and D. B. Wilson ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1311) to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
June 6,1872; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION IN LOUISIANA, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved. That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections is directed to inquire and report to the
Senate whether the recent election of electors for
President and Vice President has been conducted in
the States of Louisiana and Arkansas in accordance
with the Constitution and laws of thet United States,
and what contests, if any. have arisen as to who
were elected as electors in either of said States, and
what measures are necessary to provide for the de-
termination of such contests and to guard against
and determine like contests in the future election
of electors for President and Vice President. That
for the purpose of speedily executing this resolu-
tion the said committee shall have power to send
for persons and papers, to take testimony, and at
their discretion to send a sub-committee of their
own number to either of said States with authority
to take testimony; and, if the exigency of this ser-
vice demands, the said committee may appoint and
employ suitable disinterested and unprejudiced
persons not resident in either of such States, with
authority to take such testimony as may be material
in determining any pending contest growing out of
the election of electors in either of said States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this reso-
lution?
Mr. WEST rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Louisiana object?
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice thatl shall
cill it up to-morrow. I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I deem it due to myself to
state that I do not urge objection to the spirit
of the resolution at all, but I want further op-
portunity to consider it and be ready to make
some suggestions to-morrow.
OREGON WAR EXPENSES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate to take
up and pass the resolution of inquiry that I
offered before the recess, calling on the Sec-
! retary of War to communicate certain inform-
i ation respecting claims of the Oregon and
Washington people for certain war expendi-
tures. The Senate will remember that it is a
mere ordinary resolution of inquiry ; but my
friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Rice,] I suppose
for the purpose of expressing his sentiments
on the state of affairs in Arkansas, offered
an amendment, and so the thing went over.
It is necessary for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the Senate that we should get the
information, and I presume there will be no
objection to taking up the resolution, disagree-
ing to the amendment as not germane to this
resolution, and passing the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to take up the resolution
indicated by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are not resolutions now
in order?
