1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
Senator WEST. I object to the reception
by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the electoral vote of Louisiana as certified
to by the Governor of that State, upon the
ground that said certificate was not made in
pursuance of law.
Mr. SHELDON. T also object to the count-
ing of the votes cast by T. C. Manning, C. H.
Weed, A. S. Herron, Hugh J. Campbell, L.
Bush, A. Thomas, J. C. Moncure, and L. V.
Reeves, of Louisiana, for B. Gratz Brown, of
Missouri, for Vice President, for the reason that
the certificate of the Governorshowingthem to
have been chosen electors is not signed by the
person who was at that time assistant secretary
of State for the State of Louisiana, and for the
further reason that at the time said certificate
was executed there had not been made any
count, canvass, or return of the votes cast by
the people of Louisiana for electors by any
lawful authority, and the said certificate was
made by the Governor without any authentic
knowledge of the result of the election by the
people of said State, which facts are fully es-
tablished by the testimony taken by the Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections, and
are stated in their report to the Senate.
Senator CARPENTER. I object to the
counting of the votes given for U. S. Grant
for President, and Henry Wilson, Vice Presi-
dent, by the electors of Louisiana, because
there is no proper return of votes cast by the
electors of the State of Louisiana, and because
there is no State government in said State
which is republican in form, and because no
canvass or counting of the votes cast for elect-
ors in the State of Louisiana at the election
held in November last had been made prior to
the meeting of the electors.
Mr. POTTER. I object to counting the
electoral votes from the State of Louisiana as
cast for Ulysses S. Grant for President and
Henry Wilson for Vice President, for the
reason that there is no certificate from the
executive authority of that State as required
by the act of Congress of 1792, certifying that
the persons who east such votes were appointed
electors of said State, but that on the contrary
it appears by the certificate of the Governor
of said State that the persons appointed elect-
ors were not the persons who cast such votes
for U. 8. Grant and Henry Wilson,-but were
persons who cast their votes not for said Grant
and Wilson, but for no person as President,
and for B. Grata Brown as Vice President.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to counting
the votes from the State of Louisiana, because
it does not sufficiently appear that the electors
were elected according to law.
Senator BO RE MAN. I object to counting
any votes from the State of Louisiana for rea-
sons set forth in the report of the Committee
on Privileges and Elections submitted to the
Senate on the 10th instant, and printed as
Report No. 417 of Forty-Second Congress,
third session.
Senator TRUMBULL. I object to the
counting of the votes cast by the persons in
the first certificate read, for the reason that
their election is not certified to by the proper
officers ; that Bovee, who signed the certificate
ot their election, was not secretary of State
at the time of making said certificate, nor in
possession of the office of secretary of State
nor of the seal of said State; and for the fur-
ther reason that the certificate of said Bovee
is untrue in fact, as appears by the admissions
of said Bovee before the committee of the
Senate.   , ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. There have been
seven objections made in regard to receiving
the votes of Louisiana, some of them against
receiving any vote from that State. The Chair
would suggest that in taking up these objec-
tions the two Houses might act first upon those
which lie to the counting of the vote of Louis-
iana at all.
Objection was made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, each House will proceed to consider
the objections made in such order as they may
happen to be presented to that House. If no
further objections be made to the vote of
Louisiana, the seven that have been made will
be filed, and copies furnished to the two
branches of Congress.
No further objections were made.
Senator RICE. I object to the counting of
the votes of the State of Arkansas, because
the official returns in said State, made accord-
ing to the laws of said State, show that the
persons certified to by the secretary of State
as elected, were not elected as electors for
President and Vice President at the election
held November 5, 1872 ; and secondly, because
the returns read by the tellers are not certified
according to law.
The Senate retired from the Hall.
The House was again called to order.
Mr. WOOD. I now move that the House
take a recess until to morrow at twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and others. Oh,
no!
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr BINGHAM. I raise the point of order
that the two Houses being practically in joint
convention, an adjournment cannot take place
without the concurrence of both.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
House to take a recess. The Clerk will read
that portion of the rule relating to this subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Such joint meeting shall not be dissolved until the
electoral votes are all counted and the result de-
clared; and no rccess shall betaken unless a ques-
tion shall have arisen in regard to counting any of
such votes, in which case it shall be competent for
either House, acting separately in the manner here-
inbefore provided, to dnect a recess not beyond tho
next day, at the hour of one p. m."
Mr. SPEER. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
by striking out '• twelve o'clock m "and insert-
ing "ten o'clock a. m."
Mr. PLATT. I move to amend so as to fix
half past seven this evening as the hour for
the reassembling of the House
The amendment of Mr. Platt was not
agreed to.
'The amendment of Mr. Speeji was not
agreed to, there being—ayes thirty-three, noes
not counted.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
by inserting "eleven o'clock a. m." instead
of "twelve o'clock m."
The amendment of Mr. Lynch was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Wood, to take a recess until twelve o'clock
m. to-morrow, the question was taken, and
there were—ayes 65, noes 55.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeicd.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 81, nays 101, not voting
58 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barnum, JamesB.lSeck, Bigby, biKgs, Bird,
Austin Blair, Bolcfe, Braxton, Bright, liurchard,
Cobb, Comingo, cropland, Davis, Dodds, J)ox, 1)u-
Bose. Eldredge, Henry D. Foster, Getx, (iiddings,
(3-olladay, Griffith, Haideman. Uancock, llaiidley,
Hanks, Gerry VV. Hazel ton, Hereford, Ilerndon, liio-
bard, Holman, Houghton, Kerr, Lamison, Leach,
Maclntyrc, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McCici-
land, McCormick, McIIenry. McKinncy, Merrick,
Morgan, Morphis, Silas L. Niblack, WilliamIL.rub-
lack, Hosea W.Parker,Perry, Potter, Randall. Read,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers,
Shanks, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, John A. Smith,
Sneer, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Terry, v an
Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Wil-
liams of New York, Winchester, Wood, and
Young:—81.
NAYS-Messrs. Ambler, Avcnll, Barber. Barry,
Beatty, Bell, Bingham, James G. Blair, Buckley,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Conner, Cotton, Bar-
rail, Dawes, |)onnan, Huke, Bunnell^ Earner,
Sohn E^Hawley, Joseph R. Huwley, Hay, Hays,
Hill, Hoar, Iloopcr, Kellogg, Kctclnm, RiUinger,
Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, McGrew, AlcJunkiu,
Meilee, Merriam, Monroe, Mooi'o. Morey, Leonard
&Iy°rs,. Negloy, Orr, Palmer, Isaac 0. Parker,-
Peek, Pendleton, Porcc, Peter.-., Phitt, Poland, Por-
ter, Ramey, Ellis Et. Roberts, Sinn It. Rogers,
Rusk, bargent, Sawyer, Seofiold, Sessions, Shella-
bargei. Shoemaker, II, Boardman Smith, Snyder,
Sprague Starkweather, Stevenson, Stou-hton,
btowell, St. John, Sypher, Tafte, Thomas, Washing-
ton lownsend, Turner, Twicholl, Upson, Wake-
man, Waldron Wallaco. WiUams of Indiana, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—101.
NOT VOTINGr—Messrs, Ames, Erasmus W.Beck,
Boarman, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell, Clarke, Conner, Cox. Crebs, Creoly.Critch-
er, Crocker, Dickey, Duell, Ely, Porker, Garrett,
Goodrich, Hambleton, John T. Harris, Havens, John
W.Ha0clton, Kclley, Kendall, King, ICinsolla, Lan-
sing, Lewis, McCrary, McNeely. Benjamin P.M oyers.
Mitchell, Packard, Packor, Price. Pnndle, Edward
Y. Rico, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seelcy,
Sheldon, Shober, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Swann, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner.
Vaughan, Walden, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthornc,
Willard, and John T, Wilson—58.
So the motion to take a
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the objection made in joint convention by the
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] to the
counting of the vote from that State.
The Clerk read as follows :
Mr. Rick objects to counting tho voto of the
State of Arkansas bccauso the official returns of the
election in said State, mado according to the laws
of said State, show that the persons certified toby
tho secretary of State as elected wero not elected as
electors for President and Vice President at tho
election held Novembers, 1872; second, because the
returns read by tho tellers aro not certified accord-
ing to law.
recess was not
I offer the following reso-
Mr. SNYDER.
lution :
Pcf}olvc<1% That tho presidential electors from tho
State of Arkansas, whose election on tho 5th day
of November, 1872. is attested by tho certificate
of the secretary of Stato, be, and they aro hereby,
recognized ;is the duly chosen electors for said
State; and that tho voto cast, certified and returned
by them lor Ulysses S. Grant for President and
llcnry Wilson for Vice President, bocounr,cd as the
vote of said State lor President and Vico President
of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentium an
from Arkansas he offer a resolution simply
resolving that the electoral vote of Arkansas
be counted as icported by the tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that will
be done. The Senate resolutions are short
and crisp.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following sub-
stitute :
llenolval, That tho electoral vote of Arkansas be
counted.
Mr. DAWES. It ought to be thai in the
judgment of the House the electoral vote be
counted.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will modify roy resolu-
tion in that way, that in the judgment of this
House the electoral vote of the State of Ark-
ansas, as reported by the tellers, be counted.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We are now acting
under the joint rule of the two Houses, and I
make the point of order there is 110 such tiling
as the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is not
well taken.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The previous ques-
tion is moved for tho purpose of cutting off
debate, and it is specially provided in the
twenty-second joint rule that no debate shall
be allowed on these questions.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
not only to cut off debate but to cut off amend-
ments. There is nothing in the joint rule to
prevent the usage and practice of this House.
Mr. KELLOGG. I insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ;* and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Kellogg's substitute was
adopted.
The question then recurred on the resolution
as amended.
The House divided; and there were-—ayes
78, noes 45.
