340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
i
The VICE PRESIDENT. Original Senate 1
rr-^'hiti'ins luivp priority.
.Mr. i'UUMBl* LL. 1 desiTe to offer a reso-
1'he VICE PRESI DENT. Then the motion 1
of the Senator from Vermont will be suspended.
allowances to navy disbursing officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
cogent, and agreed to:
Jit - >'c {, That the Secretary of tho Treasury be
directed t.< inform tho Senate whether any allowances
have at any time been made to disbursing officers of
the X.ivy and Mariue Corps, aud il so, to what amount
and to whom, gi\ ins tho names of the oflicers and
the amount allowed in each case, under the third
section ot an act entitled "An act to prevent oflicers
ol the Navy from being deprived of their regular
promotion on account of wounds received iu battle,
and for other purples," approved July 28, lStki,
which third section is iu the toilovvins words:
" t hat the properaccouutingotficers of theTreasury
be, aud they arehereby, authorized, in thesettleiueut
of the a -counts of the disbursing officers of the Navy
and Marine Corps, to allow, t.ul>jeet to the approval
of the Secretary of the Navy, such credits for losses
of property and funds as have occurred during the
late rebellion, aud as shall occur hereatter, and
which shall appear to them, by such vouchers and
testimony as they shall require, to have been occa-
sioned by accidental circumstances, or a condition
of things over which such officers had no control,
and for which they are not justly responsible.''
UARBOK ON LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Retohed, That the Secretary of War be requested,
when he responds to the resolution of the Senate
calling for information in regard to the damage done
by the recent storm at Dulutii to tho Government
works there, al.-o to furnish the opinion ot thechief
engineer of the Ariny, as to the best, cheapest, and
safest method of securing a safe and commodious
harbor that shall meet all the wants of commerce at
theheadof Lake Superior; and that he particularly
state whether in his judgment a better and safer ,
harbor may not be secured to the city ot Duluth
through the natural entrance to the bay of Superior,
and at less expense than in any other manner, and :
without encroaching on the rights of any iState.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Henohfd, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections be instructed to examine and report, at
the next session of Congress, upon the best and most
practicable mode of electing the President and Vice
President, and providing a tribunal to adjust and
decide all contested questions connected therewith,
with leave to sit during vacation.
The resolution may lie on the table for the
present, and 1 give notice that I shall ask the
indulgence of the Senate on next Monday to i
take it up and submit some remarks upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does fehe Sen-
ator desire the resolution to be printed?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be ordered to be printed, aud lie on the
table.
EXPENSES OF TERRITORIAL INDIAN WARS.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to: ;
Retolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to communicate to the Senate all
reports and information made to or in possession
of the War Department touching the subject em-
braced in Senate bill No. 511, entitled "A bill to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide for pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the Territories of
 V ashingtoii and Oregon in the suppression of In-
dian hostilities therein in the year ISMi,' approved
$larch '2, 1S61," and a copy ol which bill shall be
transmitted to said Secretary. j
POWJfiR TO IS9UK UNITED STATE3 NOTES. I
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous i
consent, and agreed to: I
Remised, That the Committee on Finance be di-
rected to inquire whether the Secretary of the :
Treiisury has power, uuder existing law. to issue
United States notes in lieu of the $41,000,000 ofnot.es I
retired and canceled under the act of April 12,18<36.
REPEAL OF BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. WKIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, und agreed to:
IttDultcU, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquireinto the propriety of repeal-
ing the national bankrupt law, said repeal to take
effect January 1,1S74, and providing for tho imme-
diate repeal of so much of said net as relates to or
allows involuntary bankruptcy.
GOAT ISLAND.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
further morning busiuess, the next business
iu order duriug the morning hour will be call-
ing the Calendar uuder what is known as the
Anthony rule.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 1558) relating to the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company, with a view of having it re-
ferred.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the refer-
ence of this bill two motions are pending from
the last session. The first motion was to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. It was moved to amend that motion by i
striking out "the Pacific Railroad" aud in-
serting '• Military Affairs." i
Mr. STEWART. If I am in order, I will
accept that amendment offered by the Senator
from California, [Mr. Cole.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order,
and the question now is on the motion as
amended, to refer the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a subject of so
much importance to the people of the State
of California, an importance which seems to
lose nothing by discussion, that I am com-
pelled very reluctantly to differ with my col-
league as to the reference to be made of this
bill. I have not ehauged the views which I
expressed a few days ago on this subject. I
still think it would conduce more to the
proper examination and understanding of this
bill were it referred to one of the two com-
mittees of which the promoter of the bill, the
Senator from Nevada, and myself happen to
be members. The Senator from Nevada,
however, declined, when this question was
last before tbe Senate, to accede to my views
upon the point. He refused to permit the
reference, so far as he was concerned, of this
bill either to the Committee on Public Lands
or to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Under the circumstances, although adhering
to my original view, I shall not make any op- ;
position to the amendment of my colleague
offered at the last session and to which I un-
derstand he still adheres.
I desire to say, however, before taking my
seat, that in discussing somewhat—for I never
intended to oppose the reference to the Mil-
itary Committee—I did not do so from the
slightest doubt as to the manner or the spirit
in which this question, of such magnitude to
ns all on the Pacific coast, would be ap-
proached and dealt with by that committee.
It simply occurred to me as worthy of notice
that the Senator from Nevada who opposed
so strenuously the reference to the Committee
on Military Affairs at the last session, when
the motion was made by my colleague, should
now insist upon that reference in the same
breath in which he announces that all he wanted
was a reference of this bill to some committee.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I shall take no
exception whatever to any modification of the
motion that my colleague may see fit to make
in regard to the reference of this hill. If it is
his opinion that it should be referred to some
other committee than the one indicated by my
motion made at tbe last session, I should feel
very muoh like deferring to his judgment in a
matter of that kind, and particularly when the
proposition went to the extent of asking its
reference to a committee upon which he was.
It always seemed to me, however, that the
Military Committee was the proper committee
to have charge of this matter, inasmuch as
one subject particularly involved concerns a
military reservation in the harbor of San Fran'
cisco, which is desired by the railroad com-
pany as a terminus for their railroad and which
contemplates the giving up of a portion of
that reservation, in that point of view it is a
proper subject for the consideration of the
Military Committee.
In another point of view it is properly a
subject for the consideration of that com-
mittee. It involves the building of a cause-
way or bridge for the length of three or four
miles across a portion of the navigable waters
of the bay of San Francisco, and every ques-
tion of river and harbor improvements, and
of interference with the navigation of rivers
and harbors, is a subjeot that has always been
for consideration by the military department
of the Government, and in that point of view
also it is proper for the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to have charge of it.
For both of these reasons I regarded it as
very proper that the bill should be referred to
the Military Committee. But if it should be
desired by my colleague to have it referred to
some other committee, I should not feel dis-
posed to oppose the motion, particularly if it
involved a reference to a committee of which
my colleague was a member.
Mr. CASSERLY. My colleague did not
quite understand me, I think, in regard to
the reference of this bill. I never desired that
it should go to a committee of the Senate
merely because I happened to be on the com-
mittee. There were three committees, as I
took occasion to state more than once, to
which, with some measure of fitness, tbis ref-
erence might be made; one was the Military
Committee, another was the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, and the third the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
In suggesting, and indeed pressing on the
Senator from Nevada, the other day, that this
bill might well go and ought to go to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad or the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, I did so distinctly on the
ground, first, that either of those committees
was a fit committee to have it, and next, that
the Senator from Nevada and myself were
both members of each of those committees,
while of one of them—that on the Pacific Rail-
road—he is chairman. I thought, therefore,
that considering the special charge which he
seems to have of this bill, it was eminently
fair and proper that the reference of it should
be made to either one of the two committees,
on each of which he and I happened to be.
In that way the whole subject would be cer-
tain to be thoroughly examined and fully pre-
sented to the committee. I should be very
sorry to ask a reference of a bill to a commit-
tee merely because I happened to be on it.
With regard to the motion of my colleague
made at tbe last session and now before the
Senate, I understand him to suggest that, if I
wish, I can make any modification of it which
I may desire. Mr. President, under the cir-
cumstances, the motion having been brought
forward without opposition from any one else,
I shall not offer any. My colleague and I
both well know that we cannot afford to be
divided on this question. It is a question of
too much magnitude and of an interest too ab-
sorbing to the people of our State. The whole
subject which it is likely to bring before the
Senate is the one threatening cloud in' the
bright future of California, and I propose to
go as far as I can go in standing by my col-
league and with him upon this measure at this
stage of it and in every other stage of it until
its final disposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PBESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business, the Secretary will,
until one o'clock, report the bills on the Cal-
endar under the Anthony rule, subject to
objection.
