1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
Mr. WINDOM. If the morning business :
is completed I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order, but at one o'clock the disability bill
comes up as unfinished business from before
the recess.
Mr. WINDOM. I shall aek the Senate to
continue the appropriation bill at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota
to proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2989) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a single moment, while I state
the condition of the appropriations contained
in this bill.
The amount appropriated for the year end-
ing June 30, 1873, was §0,36*2,062 91. The
amount estimated for the year 1874 was
So, 709,115 28. The amount appropriated
by the House bill now before the Senate is
$5,434,065 03. The present bill before the
Senate, as reported by our committee, is less
than last year's appropriation by some $907,-
997 88. It is a reduction of the estimates for
the present year of $315,050 25. It is greater
than the House bill, as it came to the Senate,
by $20,000, and this $20,000, added by the
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate,
is only apparent. We have repealed a stand-
ing appropriation of $10,000 in order that the
principle adopted at the last session of Con-
gress may be carried out, so far as the com-
mittee can do it, of repealing all permanent
appropriations wherever it can properly be
done. In this case we have repealed a per-
manent appropriation of $10,000, and made a
specific and special appropriation by this bill
for the same purpose. Ten thousand dollars
of the increase is only apparent. The other
$10,000 of increase is for the purpose of car-
rying out agreements made last summer with
the Shoshones and Bannocks, and also with
the Sisseton and Wahpeton bands of Sioux
Indians, so that there is really no material
increase in the bill. There are twenty-eight
amendments reported, and only five of those
relate to the amount of money appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the bill. If there be no objection,
the Senate will consider the amendments of
the Committee on Appropriations as they
occur in the text.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was cn page 3, line sixty, in
designating the tribes in Arizona for which
appropriation was made for the pay of agents,
to strike out " Camp Grant," and insert
" Chiricahui."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, lines
seventy-nine and eighty, to reduce the number
of interpreters from ainety to eighty-nine, and
to reduce the appropriation for their pay from
$40,200 to $39,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-one,
after the word " Oregon," to insert the word
" namely."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
eighty-eight, to strike out the words "Indians
at," before the words "Fort Colvilleand in
line ninety, after the words "per annum," to
insert the word "eachso that the clause will
read:
Nine interpreters for the tribes in Washington
Territory, namely: One each for the Yifkama,
Tulalip, Makah, S'Klallam, Quinaielt. find Quille-
hnte asconcics, and one each for the Fort Colville,
Chphaliis, Olympia, and Puyallup reservation?, ret
8500 per annum each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, lines
one hundred and seven and one hundred and
eight, in the appropriation for the pay of inter-
preters for the tribes in Utah, to strike out
"two" and insert "one" before "for," and
after " Utah " to strike outthe words " namely:
Uintah agency and Shoshone specialso that
the clause will read, "one for the tribes in
Utah, at $500 per annum.''
The amendment was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (H. 11. No. 1325)
to remove the disabilities of certain persons
therein named is now before the Senate, upon
which the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Hill] is
entitled to the floor. There are amendments
pending to the bill.
Mr. HILL. I ask that the bill be reported
as it now stands.
Mr. WINDOM. I (feel compelled by the
necessity for action on the appropriation bills
to ask the sense of the Senate as to whether
they will proceed with the consideration of this
bill or take up the other, if I am in order in
making that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
in order. The Senator from Georgia asks
that the bill now before the Senate be reported;
pending which the Senator from Minnesota
moves that that bill and all prior orders be
postponed for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HILL. I hope the Senator from Min-
nesota will withdraw his motion ; otherwise
I shaU feel compelled to resist it. I do not
think it will take long to dispose of this bill,
and we might as well get rid of it now. We
have had a good deal of trouble in getting it
in its present condition, and the time con-
sumed in a contest as to tfee order of business
now'might suffice to dispose of the bill. It
will be very short. It cannot be long, from its
very nature.
Mr. WINDOM. There is no proper thing
I would not do to accommodate my friend
from Georgia if I had the right to do so per-
sonally ; but as I have the charge of this
measure, I must ask him to make his appeal
to the Senate, and not to myself.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have been unavoidably
absent during the earlier period of the session,
and in my absence the Senate has seen fit to
devolve upon me the position of chairman of
the Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities. I am, therefore, without any in-
formation in regard to the persons named in
this bill seeking th«e removal of their disabili-
ties, and I should not like to see the bill passed
while I am present without knowing something
about it. I shall therefore 
Mr. HILL. Allow me one moment. I take
great pleasure in Baying to the Senator that
there is no person whose name appears here
who has not asked to be relieved, and whose
antecedents are not very well known to Sen-
ators here present, and have been reported upon
favorably in one House or the other of Con-
gress, and by the committee of which the Sen-
ator ia now chairman, at the last session. There
will be no difficulty in regard to that. There
are but a few names in the bill, and I will state
that the worst of them, since there are classes,
are those who belonged to the Thirty-Sixth
Congress and retired from it and afterward
took part in the rebellion. There are three or
four eases of that sort; the others are of lesser
Bote; but there have been bo many of that
class relieved that it seems to mo it would be
very hard to make an exception of four or
five of those who are in that condition—no
worse than a great many who have already
received the clemency of Congress.
Mr. BOREMAN. I thought at the passage
of the general bill at the last session we should
be done with this business of relief. There
were but few persons in the United States
excepted from the relief granted by that bill;
but now it seems the same thing is to go on
from time to time until the last man, whoever
he may be, shall be relieved. I am not dis-
posed to allow those who still remain under
disabilities to be relieved unless their cases
are clearly made out as entitled to relief under
the rules we have heretofore laid down. I
therefore cannot consent, without some knowl-
edge on the subject of the charaoter of these
gentlemen, that this bill shall pass without in-
vestigation. I am in some sort now, I appre-
hend, responsible for this business. I wish to
know who these men are, what their claims
are, what they have been doing, and whether
they are entitled to relief or not. I trust that
the Senate will not take action upon the bill,
but will let it go over for the present, until I
have an opportunity to post myself in regard
to the gentlemen who make this application.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish to remark that
had my honorable friend, the Senator from
West Virginia, been present in the Senate the
last few days of our sitting before the recess,
I am quite sure he would withdraw the ob-
jection to the bill that he now makes. There
was a good deal said about it at that time.
The bill was low down on the Calendar; there
were a great many bills preceding it; and,
as a special favor to myself, I may say, the
Senate consented to take np the bill, by which
means it has its place now on the Calendar.
To pass from it now, to set it aside, seems to
me, may involve its indefinite postponement.
I assure the Senator that I shall not ask
this body to relieve any man who has not put
himself in a proper position to receive this
indulgence, and he shall have the fullest in-
formation in regard to every name that appears
in the bill, or else, so far as I am concerned,
wherever that is not the case, the name shall
be stricken out. If I do not satisfy him in
regard to all these names that they are quite
as meritorious as those who have preceded
them in the favor of Congress, then I shall
deem myself most unfortunate and shall not
object to the Senate acceding to the wishes of
the Senator. But I must ask the Senate to
pass upon the bill, and if they are not satisfied
when they hear the statements made by Sen-
ators in their places as to who these individ-
uals are, how long they have sought this relief,
and whether they are not as deserving of it as
many who have already received it, then I will
say reject it; but do let as at least dispose of iL
I must join issue with both the Senators and
ask that the bill be considered to-day, for if
it is not considered sooa for the purpose I
indicated heretofore it will be useless to con-
sider it at all.
In my own State, as I mentioned on a
former occasion, there are gentlemen of no
mean distinction, who have been members of
the other House of Congress, and there is an
ex-Senator (Iverson) besides; who have asked
relief from Congress from their political dis-
abilities. They have complied with all the
nules, so far as I kuow, and I do not see why
they should not receive the same indulgence
from this body that other gentlemen similarly
situated have received. It is true that somo
of them may not have made as early applica-
tion ag others, but I do not know that there is
any particular demerit in that. I hope that the
Senate will consider the bill and not pass it
over to take up any other. I am willing to
enter upon the merits of any name that occurs
in itand for every one to have the fullest inform-
ation in regard to the individuals named.
As I stated heretofore there is a senatorial
election to take place in Georgia within the
next fortnight or so. Some of the gentlemen
mentioned in this bill are understood in the
State of Georgia to be aspirants for a Beat, in
this body. I think they are quite as deserving
