1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The whole num-
ber of electors to vote for President and Vice
President of the United States, as reported by
the tellers, ia 366, of which the majority is 184.
Of these votes 349 have been counted for
President, and 352 for Vice President of the
United States. The result of the vote for
President of the United States, as reported
by the tellers, is, foE Ulysses S. Grant, of Illi-
nois, 286 votes; for B. Gratz Brown, of Mis-
souri, 18 votes; for Thomas A. Hendricks, of
Indiana, 42 votes; for Charles J. Jenkins,
of Georgia, 2 votes; and for David Davis,
of Illinois, 1 vote. The result of the vote,
as reported by the tellers, for Vice President
of the United States is, for Henry Wilson,
of Massachusetts, 286 votes; for B. Gratz
Brown, of Missouri, 47 votes; for Nathaniel P.
Banks, of Massachusetts, 1 vote ; for George
W. Julian, of Indiana, 5 votes; for Alfred
H. Colquit, of Georgia, 5 votes; for John
M. Palmer, of Illinois, 3 votes; for Thomas E.
Bramlette, of Kentucky, 3 votes ; for William
S. Groesbeck, of Ohio, 1 vote; and for Willis
B. Machen, of Kentucky, 1 vote.
Wherefore, I do declare that Ulysses S.
Grant, of the State of Illinois, having received
a majority of the whole number of electoral
votes, is duly elected President of the United
States for four years, commencing on the 4th
day ofMarch,1873; and that Henry Wilson, of
the State of Massachusetts, having received a
majority of the whole number of electoral votes
for Vice President of the United States, is
duly elected Vice President of the United
States for four years, commencing on the 4th
day of March, 1873.
The object for which the House and Senate
have assembled in joint convention having
been accomplished, the Senate will retire to its
Chamber.
The Senate accordingly retired from the Hall
of the House of Representatives.
The Speaker then resumed the chair and
called the House to order.
army staff organization.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 3937) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30,1870,'' approved March 3,18G9, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
lime, ordered to be printed, with the report of
the committee on staff organization of the
Army, and recommitted.
Mr. SPEER. It is the understanding that
it is not to be brought back on a motion to
reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Of course not.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPEER, (at
eight o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BURCHARD: The petition of
Mrs. B. Foley, for a pension.
My Mr. CARROLL : The memorial of the
bar of the city of Schenectady, New York, for
an increase of the salary of United States
judges.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The petition
of soldiers of the late war, praying the pass-
age of the bounty bill, known as the Holman
amendment.
By Mr. KELLEY : Thepetition of Wallace,
Curtis & Co., and others, praying that empty
petroleum barrels of American manufacture
may be exempt from duty.
Also, the petition of Meisner, Ackerman
& Co., and others, praying the free entry of
American petroleum barrels.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of C. K.
Sanders, New York, and Charles C. Gustin,
New York, in relation to postage on news-
papers.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of
J. W. Clabaugb, Lewis Chapman, S. C. Gra-
ham, Hugh Thompson, Albert Jackson, Ful-
ton L. Patterson, A Smiley, and 88 others,
citizens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, stat-
ing that about one hundred and sixty-five
Chinese laborers have been imported for a
cutlery company, located in the borough of
Beaver Falls, in said county, thereby causing
the discharge from the works of the white
American mechanics and workmen; that two
hundred more Chinese, direct from China,
are said to be engaged and on the way for the
same cutlery and other works of the same
company, to the exclusion from the works of
our own people; that contracts have been
made, through one of their own race, for long
periods of servitude on their part, at wages so
low as to forbid competition by American
workmen; that their habits are so debasing as
to insure the demoralization and degradation
of all Christian communities brought in con-
tact with them; that their introduction into
the United States, in the manner in which it
is done, shows a manifest attempt to revive
the institution of slavery ; and that it is an act
of bad faith toward the workpeople of Penn-
sylvania and of the United States, inasmuch as
that the protection of thirty-five to fifty per
cent, against the importation of foreign cut-
lery was enacted for the purpose of protecting
the American laborer against cheap foreign
labor ; and asking that, as a means, therefore,
to be saved from such evils, and in behalf of
their own workpeople, Congress will pass a
law prohibiting- any further importation of
Chinese laborers under contracts made in
China; or that it will authorize the free im-
portation from foreign countries of such arti-
cles or manufactures as are or may be pro-
duced in the United States by and through
Chinese cheap labor so contracted for.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York : A letter
from Governor Dix' inclosing a copy of a
preamble and concurrent resolution of the
Senate and Assembly of the State of New
York, opposing the proposition to reduce the
pay and pension of certain veteran officers.
Also, the memorial of citizens of New York,
asking purchase of important original docu-
ments relating to early French discoveries on
the lakes and Mississippi river.
By Mr. VAUGHAN : The petition of William
M. Farrington and others, praying a removal
of bank taxes.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 13, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
iiotjsk bills referred.
The following bills, yesterday received from
the House of Representatives, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 1655) for payment for ser-
vices performed by William J. Mclntyre;
A bill (H. R. No. 3839) for the relief of
GeorgeS. Mortimer; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3941) for the relief of
Joseph B. Rothobild, of Findlay, Ohio.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 3940) for the relief of
Philip Pendleton;
A bill (H. R. No. 2079) for the relief of F.
W. Fee, late lieutenant of the first Kentucky
infantry volunteers ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3938) to amend scction
two of an act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
80,1872, and for other purposes, and the acts
amendatory thereof.
lhe bill (H. R. No. 3923) to authorize the
President of the United States to negotiate
with the Creek Indians for a cession of a por-
tion of their reservation was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
•-^The bill (H. R. No. 3675) to further amend
the postal laws was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 3569) for the relief of
Miles Greenwood was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I wish to have that bill go on
the Calendar. There are several kindred bills,
which have already been acted on by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
national savings bank.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the annual report of the National Sav-
ings Bank of the District of Columbia for the
year ending December 31, 1872, as required
by law ; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of citizens of the United States, in favor
of the proposition to increase the salary of the
President of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Colfax county, New Mexico, praying that the
patent for certain lands may be withheld from
the Maxwell Land Grant and Railway Com-
pany ; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
James A. Hyde, of Marlborough, in the county
of Ulster, State of New York, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred .to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the
memorial of W. S. Drysdale & Son, of On-
tario county, New York, calling attention to a
provision in the proposed postage act sub-
jecting papers printed partly in one county
and partly in another to a different rate of
postage to that imposed on papers printed
wholly within one county. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Charles C. Kromer, publisher of the Scho-
harie Union, of Schoharie county, New York,
praying that the words "and wholly printed
and" be omitted from the pending amend-
ment to the postal laws ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the con-
current resolutions of the two houses of the
Legislature of the State of New York, remon-
strating against the reduction of the pay or
pension of certain veteran officers retired from
service, which I ask to have read.
The resolutions were read, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present the memorial
of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel, widow of a United*
States Army officer, representing that the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, by
the illegal use of a street, deprives her of the
enjoyment of her own property. I hope that,
short as the residue of this session is, the
Committee on the District of Columbia will
have time to inquire into it. I believe it is a
case where a great corporation is defying the
law of the land and trampling upon ihe rights
of an individual. I move -the reference of
the memorial to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a memorial signed
by the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of
