APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Ho. of Ebps,
Steamboat Canal—Mr. llemdon.
42D Cong.... 3D SBSS.
The report of the State engineer and sur-
veyor on the canals of New York, made Jan-
uary 3, 1872, shows that for ten years pre-
vious to 1870 the canals of that State carried
about twenty-four per cent, more freight than
the New York Central and Brie railroads
combined. This report also shows that the
total number of tons moved one mile on
all the canals and railroads in the State in
ten years, from 1860 to 1869, inclusive, was
19,662,593,782. Of this amount the canals
with an average season of less than seven and
a half months in each year, transported forty-
eight and two tenths per cent., or very nearly
half, and all the railroads in operation the
whole time transported fifty-one and eight
tenths per cent.
In several of these years the canals trans-
ported more freight in the seven and a half
months than all the railroads in the State did
in the whole twelve months ; and further, in
18(50 there were thirty-one hundred and forty-
six miles of railroad in operation, and in 1870
there were forty-seven hundred and seventy-
three miles; an increase of sixteen hundred
and twenty-seven miles ; while the total length
of navigable canals and feeders, with rivers
and lakes connected artificially, in the State
is only thirteen hundred and ninety-two miles,
and they have not been increased during the
period named. Public opinion is now setting
strongly in favor of canals on account of their
utility and superiority over railroads for the
cheap transportation of heavy tonnage. This
is manifest from the earnest demand of the
North for the further enlargement of the Krie
caual by the projection of new lines of water
communication and the enlargement of old
ones. In Canada where, it is proposed to ex-
pend $200,000,000 on such works, and in other
parts of the country where the building of ex-
tensive ship-canals are proposed, to-day there
are seventy-seven hundred miles of canal and
slackwater navigation in France, and four
thousand miles in Great Britain and Ireland.
Thus, sir, will it be seen that both in his
country and in Europe canals are not obso-
lete, but extensively used. And this day in
France, where the empire has ceased to exist,
where the throne of her ancient kings has
crumbled into dust, where the people bow
before a foreign foe, where the glories of the
past are fading away and the memory of her
splendid military renown in days gone by is
obscured by the deep humiliation of recent
events, one monument stands untouched by the
hand of time and unassailed by the bitterness
of party, and that is the Du Midi canal, the
noblest relic of the past, the pride of France
to-day, and the glory of its royal projector.
The bill before Congress asks for no appro-
priation or donation for this work, but simply
thatthe Government shall guaranty the inter-
est upon a limited amount of the company's
bonds. By the provisions of that bill this
company is first to build ten consecutive miles
of the canal and then to give this to the Uni-
ted States as security for any risk the Govern-
ment may take in indorsing a guarantee for
the payment of interest upon a number of
bonds, sufficient to build the next ten miles,
and so on until the work is completed. There
is no risk to the Government in this. There
is no increase of the national debt, and not
one cent added by it to the Federal taxation.
But it will relieve us from a burden that we
have been compelled to carry since the close
of the late war—a burden which has paral-
yzed enterprise and prosperity and produced a
degree of stagnation which years of patient
toil will not remove. It is, in fact, only an
assurance to the capital of the world that peace
has been once more restored to our land, and
that the door is again open in the South for
safe and profitable investment.
Every gentleman must concede the broad
national importance of this great work. A
wise Providence has so diversified our climate,
geography, and products, that commercial re-
ciprocity, securing rich returns to each section,
is inevitable. When the ordinary facilities of
intercourse are taken advantage of, each section
would direct its energies to that pursuit most
congenial to its natural surroundings and most
profitable to it. The great valley ot the Missis-
sippi, now laboring under a depressing and dan-
gerous commercial uncertainty through want
of demand for its immense surplus meats and
breadstuff's, would find a cheaperand competing
line for the transportation of its products to other
countries; would witness as one of the imme-
diate results of this great work the whole peo-
ple of the South and the Southeast changed
from producers of breadstuff's and meats to
consumers ; will have the practical benefit of
this natural law of commercial reciprocity that
so especially blesses this country. On the
other hand, the people of the cotton States,
not attempting the culture of corn in a soil
inhospitable to its growth, would concentrate
their energies and capital in the development
of that vast mine of wealth,"not only to them
but to the nation and the world, the culture
of cotton, the great staple of the world and
our only always reliable export product, an
increasing production of which, under the
beneficent iufiuence of a wise administration
of public affairs, would secure for our com-
mercial and financial relations with the other
nations of the earth a stable and prosperous
basis, and make our national balance-sheet
show that the treasure of the .world was flow-
ing to and not away from us.
Not only, Mr. Speaker, would this follow;
it is conceded that the tendency of civilization
is the centralization of capital, from which
inevitably flows the erection of classes in
society and the despotism of money. This
great national free water-course open to the
humblest carrying enterprise presents an eter-
nal aud insurmountable barrier to the greed
of the capitalist and the heartlessness of cor-
porations. ft will carry free the wealth of the
world to the doors of the people. It is the
antagonist of monopolies; will not tolerate
middlemen or carrying combinations; will
diffuse to the people the wealth of the coun-
try, is the enemy of despotism, and the hand-
maiden of liberty.
Those whom I have the honor to represent
entered with good faith upon the new order
of things, with an earnest desire to build up,
the waste places of the land, and once more to"
reinstate an era of peace, progress, and pros-
perity. [n these efforts they ask the aid of
the Federal Government, confident in doing
so that they advocate neither a local work or
a sectional interest. Its benefits will be as
wide as the nation and as broad as the conti-
nent itself. In the bond of commercial unity
which it will weave the shadows of the past
will fade away and a mutual interest and con-
fidence will bo inaugurated, which, after all,
is the only abiding guarantee of security be-
tween peoples or States.
Steamboat Canal.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. HERNDON,
OF TEXAS,
Tn me House of Representatives,
January 11, 1873,
On the practicability and effect of opening water
communication between the States of tho Union
and Mexico by means of a canal for stoam vessels
along the margin of tho Gulf, uniting in one com-
mon channel all the navigable water west of the
Mississippi river from the point of beginning to
the Rio Grande.
Mr. HERNDON. Mr. Speaker, I have
sought this occasion to direct attention to an
enterprise of such vast importance to a large
majority of the people of the United States
that it becomes national in its benefits and
greatness. I feel so deeply impressed with
the good results that must eventually flow
from it that I offer this as an apology for
pressing the measure at this time. On the
20th of last May I offered a bill intended to
attract public attention to this project, and
which 1 expected to redraft after a report
should be made by the corps of engineers
showing the route, practicability, and esti-
mates. The substance of that bill, which
has not yet been acted upon, is as follows:
Joint resolution for tho survey and construction of
a steamboat canal from the Mississippi river to
the ropublio of Mexico by an interior line, con-
necting, by a common channel, the Mississippi
river and its tributaries with all tho navigable
waters west theroof to Mexico.
Whereas the easy and commodious transit of com-
merce by water carriage between the States of the
Union is tho surest moans of cheapening freights,
promoting industry, and stimulating tho rapid'de-
velopment and material growth of the country
affected by it; and whereas it is wise for the national
GoVernmont in time of peace to strengthen her fines
of dofense by tho establishment of highways along
her borders for tho easy and rapid transportation of
troops and munitions of war to meet the possible
oontingoncios of war; and whereas it is believed to
be practical and not very- expensive to construct and
successfully operate a canal with abundance of water
to raeot tho present and future necessities of navi-
gation and coinineroe from the Mississippi river by
an interior lino through Louisiana and Texas along
tho margin of the dull' of Mexico to the republic of
Mexico, and by this means unite in a common chan-
nel near tho soaboard all the lakes, bays, and navi-
gable rivers west of the Atehafalaya and Red rivers
that connect with or flow into the Gulf of Mexieo,
and establish a great highway by water between the
Mississippi rivor and its numerous tributaries and
the iStates west thereof to Mexico; and whereas such
an interior line from the Mississippi river to Mexico
isconsidorod a national necessity both for the proper
dofense of tho nation, tho improvement of naviga-
tion, and the promotion of commerce between the
States of tho Union, and between the United States
and tho ropublio of Mexico: Therefore,
I£<■><'> bft tliefteiuUediid House of /Representatives
of the United State* of -Amer iea iv. Clongrets assembled,
That tho sum of ■$1,000,000, or so much thereof as
maybe necessary.be, and tho same hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any money in tho Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to survey, estimate the cost of,
and construct a canal between the Mississippi river
and the Rio Grande river, a distance of about eight
hundred miles, the channel of said canal to be of the
width of one hundred feet and of the depth of six
l'eot; that is, the channel to be sufficiently deep to
contain at least six feet of water after the water is
lot into said channel, with appropriate locks, and
turns suflicient for the passago of two vessels. The
survey and construction of said caual to be com-
menced at the city of Galveston, Texas, a point
about midway of said line, and run east and west
therefrom, to-wit, from Galveston westward
through West bay to Vclasco, to east end of Mata-
gorda bay, bythetown of Matagorda, to Indianola,
thence to Corpus Ghristi, thence to Point Isabel, and
thence to-Rio Grando river, at or near Brownsville,
Texas ; and from Galveston eastward through East
bay to Sabino pass, thenco by the most practical
route to Calcasieu lake, thence to Memmentau lake,
thenoe to Vermillion bay, tlienoe to Atehafalaya
bay, at, or near Brashear City, Louisiana, thence to
Donaldiwnville, on the Mississippi river, via Lake
Polard, Lake Verret, and Bayou Lafourche, a dis-
tance of about forty miles; or from Brashear City to
Plaquemine, on the Mississippi river, via Lake
rolard and Grand river, a distance of about sixty
miles; or from Brashear City to the mouth of Red
river, on the Mississippi, via Lake Chetimaches,
Long lake, and the Atehafalaya river, a distance of
about one hundred and fifty miles; whichever of the
last threo routes from Brashear City may be found
after full examination, to be the shortest, cheapest,
ana best navigation.
fc>F,c. 2. That the said canal shall be exclusively
a national work, owned and operated as such, and
alter completion shall, as far as practicable, be made
selt-sustammg by the levy-and collection of such a
rato of toll on the tomiago of vessels passing
through the same as will always keep said canal
open and in good boating order; and to this end
toll-gates shall be established at suitable places
along Raid canal, not, to exceed ten in number; and
a for each gate, with a salary not to ex-
ceed &1,000 per annum, shall be appointed*; also two
superintendents shall be appointed by the President,
with a salary not to exceed $2,000 each per annum*
one of said superintendents to reside at Galveston*
loxas, and the other to reside at Brashear City,
Louisiana; said toll-keepers and superintendents to
be bonded officers, and to perform such duties as
may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury;
the rate of toll to be levied and collected on the
tormaeje of vessels to be fixed and declared at the
beginning of each fiscal year by the Secretary of the
.Treasury; no higher rate of toil shall be levied and
collected than will raise a sufficient amount of rev-
