1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
present position. It is true that at the time
of the adjournment of this body there was not
a quorum of the Senate present; else per-
haps the bill might have been passed; but
there was a quorum at the time the bill took
its present position, or rather at the time when
it was agreed it should take it. As some Sen-
ators know, it was done by unanimous con-
sent. That is the way the bill was taken up.
There was no irregularity about it. Other
business, it was agreed, should be gone
through with; then that this should be the
first business in the open session of the Sen-
ate ; and that is the way in which it came to
be taken up. It was in the hope that it
would be disposed of, but soon after that time,
there not being a quorum of the Senate pres-
ent, it went over and took the place where we
now find it. I
I see 110 better plan than to dispose of the
bill by going into the merits, if Senators please,
of each person named in it. It is a matter of
very little materiality perhaps to Mr. Hardi-
man, if he be not relieved within a day or two
or within a very short time, so far as any
political ends he may have in view are con-
cerned, whether he is relieved at all. I do not
know that it will make any difference with
him. !
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator from Georgia
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The question is whether or
not these gentlemen who desire to be relieved
have petitioned Congress for that purpose.
Mr. HILL. They have every one. I have
always declined to ask for relief for any man
who was too proud to ask for it himself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where are the petitions
for relief? Are they on the files of the Senate ?
Mr. HILL. They are in one House or the
other, but some of them come in the shape of
letters. I have letters from nearly all of the
Georgians applying for this relief.
Mr. LOGAN. What I desire to know is,
whether they have formally petitioned. This
thing of writing letters to members of Congress
saying that such a bill is up and they would be
glad to have their names inserted I do not re-
gard as a petition. 1 have a letter of that
character myself from one of these gentlemen.
That is the reason why I asked the question.
I have determined not to vote at any time for
the removal of disabilities from any gentleman
who does not petition Congress formally for
that relief, so that he may not say that Congress
has thrown it upon him without his asking j
for it. That is the reason I ask the question.
Mr. HILL. I will state that there may be !
a name or two that has not gone through that ;
form; but so far as Mr. Hardiman is con-
cerned and Mr. Underwood, I will state of my
own knowledge that they have made applica
tion. It is true also of Martin J. Crawford ; I
think he has made one. :
Mr. NORWOOD. If my colleague will
allow me I will state that Thomas Hardiman ,
presented a petition probably a year ago, which |
was sent to the House of Representatives. I 1
hold in my hand the petition of Martin J. !
Crawford to Congress praying to be relieved
from his disabilities, which I received but a few
moments ago at my desk. The former chair-
man of the Committee on Disabilities informs
me that he remembers well seeing the petition ,
of John W. H. Underwood, which was before
his committee, asking that he might be relieved.
So that so far as these parties are concerned,
there is no doubt about the fact. All the others
have informally asked to have their disabilities
removed by letters to various Senators.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Minnesota rise to a question of order ?
Mr. WINDOM. I do. I rise to insist on the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota has charge of the appropriation bill,
and insists on the regular order.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask to have the
bill reported. I notice names mentioned here
that are not in the printed bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on seconding the demand of the Senator
from Georgia that the vote be taken by yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the bill on the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the bill.
The Chief Clerk. The bill, as it has been
amended, reads:
That all political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution upon Lafay-
ette McLaws, Thomas Hardiman, Alfred Iverson,
and John W. H. Underwood, of Georgia; F. \V.
Latham, of Texas; David Klopton, of Alabama, and
Isaac N. Brown, of Mississippi, be, and they are
hereby, removed.
Mr. LOGAN. Now let us hear the petitions
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No debate is in
order, and the reading of petitions would be
in the nature of debate, as the Senator from
Minnesota has demanded that the rule shall
be enforced which prohibits debate on a mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. BOREMAN. I desire to make an in-
quiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of debate. Does the Senator from
Minnesota withdraw hi? demand ?
Mr. WINDOM. No, sir; I think we had
better have the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Minne-
sota to lay this billon the table for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the In-
dian appropriation bill.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WRIGHT. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] who if present would vote
" nay" and I should vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 22, nays
18; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs.Ames, Anthony,Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Pool. Pratt. Sherman, and
Windom—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Casserly, Davis, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut. Goldthwaite, Hill, Kelly,
Machen, Norwood, Nye, Robertson, Sehurz.Spencer,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and West—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cald-
! well, Carpenter, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin. Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Os-
born, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sprague. Stevenson,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Vickers, Wilson and
Wright—34.
I So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was agreed to.
| Mr. HILL subsequently said: I ask the
j unanimous consent of the Senate that House
j bill No. 1325, which was up this morning, be
taken from the table and referred to the Com-
j mittee on the Removal of Political Dis-
i abilities.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
i of Michigan, in the chair.) If there be no
objection, the bill will be taken from the table
and referred to that committee. The Chair
hears no objection.
The bill was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
indian appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
under what is known as the Anthony rule is
now the next business in order.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2989)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill at the top
of the sixth page.
The Chief Clerk proceeded with the reading
of the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. After the word "agency,"
in line one hundred and thirty-four, I am
instructed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to move to insert the words "at $400
each," being the amount which was intended
to be appropriated, but specifying it. The
clause will then read :
Five for the tribes in Michigan, namely, Mack-
inac agency, at $400 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 7, line one hun-
dred and fifty-three, in the appropriations for
the Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches, be-
fore the word " installments," to strike out
" twenty" and insert "thirty so as to read,
"for sixth of thirty installments, as provided
to be expended," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and eighty-three, after the word
"hostilities" to insert the words "and shall
not exceed $100 per capita per annum so
that the clause will read:
For this amount, to subsist and properly care for
the Apache Indians in Arizona and New Mexico
who have been or may be collected on reservations
in New Mexico and Arizona, $250,000: Provided,
That this appropriation shall be expended only in
behalf of those Indians who go and remain upon
said reservations and refrain from hostilities, and
shall not exceed 8100 per capita per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and ninety-one, to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the amount so expended shall
not exceed $100per capita per annum.
So that the clause will read:
For subsistence of the Arapa.hoes, Cheyennes,
Apache, Kiowas, and Comanche Indians, and Wi-
chita Indians, (and transportation of the same,)
who have been collected upon the reservations set
apart for their use and occupation, $200,000: Pro-
vided, That the amount so expended shall not
exceed $100 per capita per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page IS, line
two hundred and ninety-eight, in the appro-
priations for the Chippewas of Lake Superior,
after the words "September 30" to insert
the words " 1854, and seventh article treaty
of April 7 so that the clause will read :
For support of two farmers, during the pleasure
of the President, as per twelfth article treaty of
September 30, 1854, and seventh article treaty of
April 7,1866, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 16, line
three hundred and seventy-one, after the word
"Chippewas" to insert the words "of the
Mississippiso that the clause will read :
For transportation and necessary cost of delivery
of annuities and provisions for the Chippewas of the
Mississippi, in accordance with sixth artiole treaty
of March 19,1867, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment; was on page 80, line
seven hundred and three, in the appropriation
for the Iowas, after the word " seventy " to
strike out "two" and insert " three;" so as
to read, " for interest, in lieu of investment
on $57,600, balance of $157,500, to July 1,
1873," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 42, line
ten hundred and one, in the appropriations
for the Poncas, to strike out "sixty " and in-
sert "fifty" before the word "eight:" so as
to read, "as provided by second article treaty
of March 12, 1858," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 42, line
ten hundred and six, afterthe words'' instruct-
