1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2533) grant-
ing a pension to James W. Wharton, late a
private in company G first Pennsylvania rifles,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2440) in-
creasing the pension of Caroline H. Miller,
reported adversely thereon, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the petition of Sarah Kneeler,
praying for a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (II. R. No. 1499) for the relief of
Erastus S. Joslyn, of Washington Territory,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3871) referring the claim of J. Snowden
Son to the Court of Claims, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. NYE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Territories, to whom was referred a
petition praying for a scientific exploration of
the Territory of Dakota, to report it back
without a recommendation, as the -committee
have not had time to examine thoroughly to
know what should be done in the ease. We
ask to be discharged from its further considera-
tion^
The report was agreed to.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1185)
concerning transportation of merchandise in
bond, reported adversely thereon, and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance? to whom was referred the bill (H.
li. No. 3310) to authorize the national bank
of Springfield, Missouri, to change its name,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of sundry merchants praying for the estab-
lishment of a consulate of the United States
at Prince Arthur's island, in the province of
Ontario, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the New York
Seaman's Association, asking an appropriation
for the benefit of that institution, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1569) to introduce
the international code of signals into the mer-
chant service of the United States, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3710) to provide for the establishment
of life-saving stations on the coast of Maine,
New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Virginia, and
North Carolina, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT. I am also directed by the
same committeo, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1481) concerning and authorizing
the Washington, Cincinnati, and St. Louis
Railroad Company to extend and construct
their railroad into the District of Columbia,
and through the States of West Virginia, Ohio.
Indiana, and Illinois, to the city of St. Louis
to report it back without a recommendation,
as the committee were equally divided ou the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Jesse E. Peyton, legal* repre-
sentative of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of
Hugh Montgomery, submitted a report, accom
panied by a bill (S. No. 1582) for the relief
of Jesse E. Peyton, heir of Elizabeth Mont-
gomery, daughter of Hugh Montgomery.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2562) granting a pension to John Pink,
reported adversely thereon, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2770) grant-
ing a pension to Mary E. Shelton, reported
adversely thereon, and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2554) for the
relief of Jennie E. Savage, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2568) grant-
ing a pension to William E. Farley and John
M. Farley, reported it without amendment.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1575) to establish a board of local inspect-
ors of steam vessels for the customs district
of Michigan, in the State of Michigan, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1309) to amend
the acts relating to the officers employed in
the examination of imported merchandise in
the district of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, reported it with an amendment.
FRACTIONAL PARTS OF BARRELS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the
Committee on Finance, reported a bill (S.
No. 1581) relating to the fractional parts of
barrels containing fermented liquors; which
was read the first time by its title, and passed
to the seqond reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thesubstanee
of this bill has already passed the House. It
is merely to restore the fractional part of thirds
of barrels for fermented liquors. The frac-
tional part of one third was dropped out a year
or two ago, and it is found to operate agaiust
the interests of certain portions of the country.
There can be no objection to the bill. The
same thing is contained in a bill that has
already passed the House, but that bill may not
be reached, and there is some solicitude that
this matter should be acted upon at the present
session. I hope, therefore, the bill will be
allowed to be put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to amend section
eighteen of the act entitled "An act to reduce
duties on imports, and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved June 6,
1872, by striking out the proviso to that sec-
tion, and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
In estimating and computing the internal tax
on all beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and other fer-
mented liquors by whatever name such liquors may
be called, the fractional parts of a barrel shall be
halves, thirds, quarters, sixths, and eighths; and any
fractional part of a barrel containing less than one
eighth shall be accounted one eighth; more than
one eighth and not more than one sixth shall be ac-
counted one sixth; more than one sixth and not
more than one quarter shall be accounted one
quarter; more than one quarter and not more than
one third shall be accounted one third; more than
one third and not more than one half shall be ac-
counted one half; more than one half and not more
than one barrel shall be accounted one barrel; and
more than one barrel and not more than sixty-three
gallons shall be accounted two barrels, or a hogs-
head.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will njerely
say that this bill does not change the law ex-
cept in one particular. It was thought best
to amend the law by reenacting the clause and
inserting "thirds," which had been dropped
out in some amendment to the law.
Mr. COLE. There is a large amount of
property invested in thirds of barrels in some
portions of the country, and that property is
rendered of no value and actually destroyed
by the inadvertence of leaving out "thirds"
of barrels in the law. It is very proper that
the bill should pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORT OF DARIEN EXPEDITION.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the concur-
rent resolution of the Senate relaiive to print-
ing additional copies of the report of the
Darien expedition, report against concurring
in the House amendment. I move that the
Senate non-concurin the amendment, and ask
for a committee of conference ou the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to ; and, by unani-
mous consent, the Vice President was author-
ized to appoint the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
Messrs. Anthony, Howe, and Casserly
were appointed the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
DOCUMENTS FOR SUPREME COURT JUDGES
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution provid-
ing that a copy of the Daily and of the Con-
gressional Globe, and of such documents as
are printed by order of the Senate, except
those for its exclusive use, be furnished to the
judges of the Supreme Court, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment, and
recommend its passage. I should like to have
the resolution disposed of, but as I never wish
to abuse the good nature of the Senate, 1 must
say that this is not one of the resolutions
which it is absolutely necessary should be acted
on at once.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I do not wish to object
to the present consideration of the resolution,
but I should like to understand better than L
can of my own accord what use the justices
of the Supreme Court want to make each of
a separate copy of an entire set of the Globe.
Mr ANTHONY. I will not press the mat-
ter now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1583) prohibiting the several Ter-
ritories in the Union from giving or loaning
their credit to railroad companies; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1584) to provide for a board of commis-
sioners to report a system of irrigation for the
San Joaquin and Tulare valleys, in California ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
s. p. JOCELYN.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
passed the bill (H. R. No. 2704) for the relief
of S. P. Jocelyn, and let it lie.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered.
INAUGURATION ARRANGEMENTS.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three Senators bo
appointed by the Vice President to make the neces-
sary arrangements for the inauguration of the
President-elect of the United States, on the 4th of
March next.
