APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Ho. op Reps.
Steamboat Canal—Mr. Herndon.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
uous thereto there are by estimation abont
four and half million acres of land, one mil-
lion of it lying in Louisiana and three and a
half millions in Texas,>- well adapted to the
production of sea inland cotton. Experiments
have shown that there is no part of our south-
ern country where it produces- and matures so
well, and that the minimum crop is about one
hundred pounds of lint, per acre, and that three
hundred pounds of lint is about a maximum
crop along this belt. The price of this staple
has generally been from forty to ninety cents
per pound. Suppose the growth of this staple
■should be stimulated by means of the capital
and immigration that would surely follow such
an enterprise, so that one third of the acreage
adapted to its growth should be tilled, and
that a minimum crop of one hundred pounds
per acre should be raised, and that it should
be sold for fifty cents per pound. This would
bring $75,000,000 for the crop. With two
thirds of a crop, with like acreage and price,
the yield will be $150,000,000. With a full
crop it would amount to $225,000,000. With
double the acreage and .nil crop, the value
would be $450,000,000. And with full acre-
age and full crop it would bring $075,000,000.
But with a maximum price also of ninety cents
a pound, it would reach the enormous sum of
$1,216,000,000. This, of itself, would' change
the commerce of the world and tax to its
utmost capacity such a channel as this to per-
form the lousiness developed by it.
SHORT STAPLE COTTON.
The belt of country more directly affected
by this canal begins at or near the Atchafalaya
river, and runs back from the Gulf about
two hundred miles and stretches along the
coast to Mexico about seven hundred miles,
embracing about 89,600,000 acres of land.
The larger part of this consists of rich alluvial
soils and black prairie, well adapted to the
growth of sugar, cotton, rice, corn, and other
cereals. Suppose that the rapid tide of im-
migration that is now flowing into that section
from the States and foreign countries should
be increased by this enterprise until less than
one third of this area, say twenty-five million
acres, should be cultivated in the short staple
cotton, and that the yield should be one
third of a good crop, say five hundred pounds
seed cotton or one hundred and sixty pounds
lint per acre, and that sold at the present
price, fifteen cents a pound, it would bring
$600,000,000 for the crop. With two thirds
of a crop, same acreage and price, and value
of crop, would be $1,200,000,000. And with
a full crop same price and acreage, it would
amount to $1,800,000,000 per annum.
But with two thirds of total acreage, still
leaving 39,600,000 acres for other purposes
in cultivation, with like prices and crop, and
it would produce the enormous sum of
$8,600,000,000, nearly double our national
debt; sufficient to throw all the balances of
trade in our favor, and leave in" our hands the
largest surplus of coin that any nation has yet
possessed. Our national debt would no longer
be spoken of as a burden. Much of the com-
merce and many branches of industry now
thought to be on a settled basis would be
changed for the better. Similar calculations
may be made on crops of sugar and syrup,
capable of being produced in this belt, for the
best sugar lands in the country lie along this
line, and enough may be raised hereto supply
the United States, and thus make her inde-
pendent of all other countries for this neces-
sary of life. How can this vast produce be
conveyed to the eastern markets without some
such channel as this? But the navigable
streams and railways that penetrate further
into the interior will bring millions of freights
to the seaboard for shipment, and thus increase
the necessity for rapid inland transit. Pro-
duction increases faster than the means of
transportation. It is only when there is a
large surplus in a country that capital asso-
ciates to carry it off. Individual' enterprise
cannot afford to anticipate production; the
Government can, and often ought. Without
such an outlet the trade of the Southwest will
be crippled, and the whole country must feel
the injury.
TROPICAL FRUITS AND VEGETABLES.
Another distinct branch of industry that
would be developed by opening such a com-
munication would be the production of vege-
tables and tropical fruits., such as oranges,
figs, lemons, &c. Such fruits grow to great
perfection and must yield very handsomely.
But the raising of vegetables for northern mar-
kets will give employment to thousands, and
become a distinct trade of itself. This would
put the frozen North virtually in a different
latitude, where she could realize all the bless-
ings from this source that are to be enjoyed in
a climate where there is nearly perpetual
spring.
MINERALS.
Another consideration of much value to the
country, that favors such a work, is the develop-
ment of the mineral resources along this belt
of country. There are vast mines of salt, sul-
phur, and petroleum known and being worked.
The great salt mines near New Iberia, in
Louisiana, are thought to be sufficient to sup-
ply the present population of the United States
for a century. A short canal from these
deposits to the Teche would connect them
with the main canal, and thus supply the cheap-
est and best salt in the country. Other large
deposits are found along the same parallel
to Mexico. The petroleum and sulphur are
found in such abundance and so easily obtained
that they would open a large trade. The
freights from these minerals would be immense
by any other mode of transportation, but
with this they would yield millions of wealth
annually.
DRAINAGE AND LANDS REDEEMED.
A view not entirely speculative, when the
dilapidated condition of the levees in Louis-
iana is considered, and the vast amount of
valuable lands that by reason of it are now
lost to agriculture, is the probability of drain-
ing off by such an outlet sufficient water
from the Mississippi to prevent the overflow ?
This outlet, one hnndred feet wide and seven
feet deep, (for the channel should be seven
instead of six feet deep, as first contemplated,)
with a current of four miles per hour, will
drain off over one hundred and ten million
gallons of water per hour, and might in
time induce a much larger flow by this direc-
tion toward the Gulf.
But whether it has this effect or not, there
is one effect that it will have, and that is to
effectually drain a largo belt of now sub-
merged land directly along the line. These
lands are generally rich, being alluvial de-
posits, and if redeemed would grow large
crops of rice and vegetables, and thus add
much to our wealth. If by this canal, eight
hundred miles long, one hundred thousand
acres were redeemed, and it should be worth
ten dollars per acre, this, with the interest
ten years, would almost build the work. The
product's upon, such an area for a few years
would yield enough to compensate the Gov-
ernment for its expenditure.
ENHANCED VALUE OF LANDS.
In considering this public work from a new
and different standpoint, its advantages may
be seen more clearly. The strip of country to
be mostly benefited by it, we have seen , con-
tains eighty-nine million six hundred thousand
acres of land. The present average value of
these lands is two dollars per acre, making
the total number of acres worth $179,200,000.
Now, if this work was completed, bringing, as
itsurely would, a large immigration and capital,
and developing the mineral resources, increas-
ing the varied products of the soil, opening a
market for the great forests of timber, and
adding to the comforts and conveniences of
life, it should enhance the value of these lands
one hundred per cent., then the net accretion
of wealth would be $179,200,000. And that
these lands should be increased in value to
four dollars per acre, that are intrinsically
worth fifty dollars, is not an unreasonable con-
clusion. The interest on this sum at six per
cent, would amount to $10,752,000 in a single
year, enough to more than build two such
canals. And it is not the people owning those
lands that are alone benefited. This wealth
adds to the general property of the country, and
thus benefits all. It is evident that if such a
result could be attained, and it is more than
reasonable, no investment for the public weal
would remunerate the Government so well.
LIVE STOCK OF THE SOUTHWEST.
The question of supplying the northern and
eastern markets of the Union withneat cattle
is one of serious moment. Its importance
will be more deeply telt when it is considered
that practical experiment has shown that it
requires eighty neat cattle for every one hun-
dred people per annum, and that twenty-one
States of the Union are deficient and must
depend upon the West and Southwest for their
supplies. The North and East are to-day trib-
utary to the West and Southwest for their
meats. These twenty-one dependent States
contain about two thirds of the entire popula-
tion of the country, and hence should, as they
have-the means to do so, stimulate and en-
courage the growth of live stock. And espe-
cially should an effort be made to cheapen its
transportation, and at the same time lessen
the risks on shipments and better the condi-
tion of the animals while in transit. While so
many millions are paid in premiums to the
manufacturing interests of the country, the
supply of meats, which to a large extent de-
termines the price of lab.or, seems to be neg-
lected: But it is so vital in its nature that
it will force a hearing before a great while.
By investigation into the advantages offered
by the country and climate it will be found
that southwest Louisiana, Texas, and eastern
Mexico must in future be the great fields upon
which the live stock will be grown to supply
the United States. JFor illustration, examine
for a moment the stock interest of Texas, leav-
ing Louisiana and Mexico out of the question.
It is estimated that Texas has about 5,000,000
of cattle, valued at $25,000,000; horses and
mules, 2,000,000, valued at $30,000,000;
about 1,500,000 sheep, worth $3,000,000. In
the year ending January, 1870, Texas exported
375,360 head of cattle, and 125,000 head of
horses and mules, besides large numbers of
mutton, about $3,000,000 worth of hides, and
4,000,000 pounds of wool. Take the cattle
and horses, amounting to over 500,000 head,
for example. The cost of shipping animals by
the present mode on outside sea-going vessels,
or inland river steamers, costs from four to
eight dollars per head ; besides, they are forced
into narrow dens without food or water for
days together at a frightful loss from death
and decline in weight. Take an average cost
of freight, six dollars per head, on 500,000
it makes $3,000,000; risk on estimated value
of $15,000,000 atone per cent., $150,000; five
per cent, loss from decline, $750,000, and two
per cent loss from death, $300,000; making
a total cost of transportation on 500,000 head
of stock of $4,200,000. Audthesupposedeas'-
ern market here is New Orleans, thecost would
be much greater as the distance increases.
While this is very damaging to the stock inter-
est, it is still more so to drive the cattle six
hundred miles north from Texas to the line of
the Union Pacific railroad. Last year about two
