1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cons....3d Sess.
Steamboat 'Canal—Mr. Herndon.
Ho. of Reps.
hundred thousand head, to avoid high freights,
sought this route. The estimated value was
$6,000,000. The losses in driving six hundred
miles through an Indian country by death and
straying off averages about ten per cent., the
decline in weight about fifteen per cent., and
the cost of hands to herd five per cent,., making
thirty percent., or cost equal to $1,800,000, or
about nine dollars per head. It is confidently
believed that if this canal was -built and com-
modious live-stock boats constructed, live
stock could be carried the same distances for
two to three dollars per head, thus saving
many millions of dollars annually, which must
at last either fall upon the consumers or drive
out the producers from the trade, and bring
about a common calamity to the whole country.
IMMIGRATION—ITS EFFECTS.
This enterprise could hardly fail to bring a
large-foreign as well as emigration from the
older States to settle along its lines. In the
New England States, where a bare living is
now earned, they would soon be attracted by
the rich valleys and inviting fields opening the
immediate prospect of a handsome income in
one of the most delightful and healthy climates
on the globe. This increase of population
would not only bring capital and labor to the
country, but they would stand as a wall of pro-
tection on our long frontier. The Texas com-
mission now sitting on that border estimate the
losses sustained there by our people to be over
$30,000,000 within the last ten years, or over
$3,000,000 per annum loss, or enough to build
such a canal lost every year.- Such a hardy
and thrifty population would insure quiet along
that long frontier and save millions of property
now annually lost.
But the increase of population along this
line would strengthen the interior of the State
of Texas and have the effect of pushing a
strong flow of emigration toward our north-
western frontier. And by this means press
back the Indians far beyond their present line
and open to settlement a large area of rich
lands, besides protecting our people from loss
and distress and save the Government millions
of dollars annually expended on that frontier.
For it is believed that the best and most effect-
ual protection to any Indian frontier is a
strong, hardy population moved by a common
interest to protect. If the present expendi-
tures on these frontiers could by this means
be saved, the Government would do well to
construct sach a work at an early day.
REVENUES SAVED.
There have been and still is much smug-
gling carried on along the Mexican frontier,
by which the Government loses large sums
of rvenue annually. The effect of such an
enterprise would open new channels of trade,
and to a great extent prevent this illicit trade
and save the lawful duties to the country; and
while it would do this, it would also increase
the commerce, and with it the revenues. So
it is believed that the saving of revenues and
the increase by reason of enlarged trade with
that country would in a very few years com-
pensate the Government for the outlay in such
an enterprise.
EFFECT OF SUCH A CONNECTION WITH MEXICO.
The Mexican frontier is about one thousand
miles in length, and we have no inland com-
munication except by common roads. Our
trade is mainly by outside shipping, where we
have to compete with all other nations. The
commerce of Mexico, with her eight million
people, can and ought to be controlled by the
United States. A small trade has long been
carried on across the Texas border, which
might be greatly increased. There is but one
railroad projected to touch this long frontier,
and without large aid it will perhaps not be
built for many years. Mexico has rich mines
of gold, silver, lead, copper, tin, saltpeter, and
sulphur, and produces coffee and dye-stuffs,
and will soon become a good stock country.
Her trade with the United States is rapidly
increasing. In 1867 the imports from Mexico
into the United States amounted to $3,920,-
974, and the exports to Mexico were $5,452,-
248, being a total trade of $9,372,222. In
1871 imports from Mexico were $17,511,163,
and the exports were $7,650,613, making a
total of $25,161,776. This shows a balance
of trade of $9,860,550 against us, and which
may be attributed to our want of inland com-
munication. Mexico, with a stable Govern-
ment, will demand in exchange for her exports
our farming implements, machinery, iron, west-
ern produce, and all manner of merchandise.
By such a mutual exchange, with increased
facilities, the Mexicans will be encouraged, and
the immigration settling among them will
stimulate new branches of industry, and thus
annually enlarge their exports and imports.
Such a trade will be worth many millions to
our people, and may be constantly increased.
EXTENSION OF TERRITORY.
Another consideration not unimportant at
this time, the probability of which weighs
very much in favor of such a national work:
Mexico as a nation has been torn and distracted
by petty wars and internal dissensions for
the last half century, until she has almost
proven her incapacity for self-government.
A respectable minority of her people long for
the parental care of our Government, but the
majority are unwilling to yield the experiment
of governing themselves. While these petty
strifes and sectional wars have been carried on
with unrelenting hostility and bitterness, the
country has been plunged into financial ruin,
and signs of dilapidation, weakness, and decay
are too painfully evident. During such inter-
nal disturbances depredations have been com-
mitted upon our people often by the sanction
of the successful authorities iu open and
palpable violation of treaty stipulations, which
that Government has been and still is power-
less to prevent or repair. To indemnify our
people for these losses, which must exceed
$30,000,000, it may become necessary for our
Government to either procure a cession of
territory sufficient to meet this demand or the
funds to pay it off. In the ruined condition
of Mexican finances it would be fruitless to
expect her to ever settle such an indemnity.
No doubt a majority of the citizens along the
frontier who have witnessed the blessings of a
stable and prosperous Government would
gladly acquiesce in such a cession.
But whether such an acquisition be made
peaceably or forcibly, it is believed that the
wisdom of our Government will be such as to
require a line fixed for the frontier sufficiently
far in the interior of Mexico to put the first
great range of mountains between us and that
Government, thus making a national boundary
not so easily crossed as the Rio Grande, the
presentline. This would give us a partofTam-
aulipas, New Leon, Chihuahua, and Coahuila,
embracing over two hundred thousaud square
miles of territory. If force should become
necessary to accomplish this very probable
event, there would be no adequate communica-
tion except by sea or the wagon route over
hundreds of miles of rough road. The cost
incurred in transporting troops and munitions
of war for one campaign by either of the present
routes would exceed the supposed cost of
several such canals as the one proposed. But
if such an acquisition of territory should be
made containing over two hundred thousand
square miles with productive soil, grazing
plains, fertile valleys, and rich mines, inviting
the thrifty and enterprising of both the New
and Old World to come and reap the golden
harvest, it would soon tax the utmost capacity
of such a conduit as this to do the work of this
country alone; and very soon the extension
of the same channel along the margin of t.he
Gulf in the newly-acquired territory would be
found, indispensable.
FOUR HUNDRED MILES SHORTER ROUTE—SAVING OF
TIME AND CAPITAL.
The proposed route of the canal will, as it
has been, shown, save four hundred miles to all
freights bound for the westward of the begin-
ning point. I have not the datn, before me to
make an accurate calculation, but can approx-
imate a correct result by assuming that the
total trade of the Southwest will be worth
$100,000,000. This is perhaps rather too low
than otherwise, as Texas alone exported over
$40,000,000 in 1870. She this year has two
hundred thousand bales of cotton more than
then, and from other sources making her in-
crease reach a total of at least $60,000,000.
The difference of risk on outside shipping and
of four hundred miles greater distance over
inland route would be about three fourths of
one per cent., making $750,000; risk on ship-
ping for outside valued at $25,000,000 more
than inland, one per cent., $£60,000, and
saving of four days necessary to run the extra
four hundred miles and reshipping from river
to ocean steamers, equal to fhe risk of three
quarters per cent., or $750,000; making a
total of $1,750,000 saved per annum, besides
the benefit of the increase of trade by the
shorter and cheaper route. This saving for a
single year would be nearly sufficient to con-
struct such a channel.
REVOLUTION IN THE CONSTRUCTION OF VESSELS FOR,
AND, THE MODE OF, INLAND SHIPPING.
It is not improbable that a steam canal sys-
tem connecting the navigable waters near the
sea into a common channel will very soon
revolutionize the -present mode of carrying
freights. Time has entered so much into com-
mercial relations that business will not wait
much longeron the old slow method. Railroads
have already superseded travel on river steam-
ers, have seized the express business and
mails, and all light freighting. So that in a
short time all inlaud navigation will be con-
fined exclusively to the moving of heavy
freights. This suggests the idea of cheaper
vessels, greater speed, and a less expensive
method of operating them. The class of ves-
sels now in use are the passenger river steam-
ers, that cost from$40,000 to $200,000, require
thirty to fifty tons of coal per day, and a crew
of thirty to fifty hands to use them, at a round
cost of $200 to $600 per day, and that run
about eight miles per hour. This must cause
high freights, only a fraction less than rail-
roads.
Is it not possible to build a tug drawing six
feet a little broader of nearly equal strength
with that now in use ? The present tug costs
from $5,000 to $10,000, uses five to six hands,
and burns four to six tons of coal, and can be
run at a cost of forty to sixty dollars per day
and make eight to twelve miles per hour.
Then construct barges, covered and uncov-
ered, at a cost of $500 to $1,500, to carry two
hundred tons and less, that may be used for
freights of all kinds, and that can with the
small tugs navigate the small brushy, narrow
streams of the Southwest, as well as the canal
and broader rivers. To illustrate the differ-
ence for the trade on this canal alone, sup-
pose that it required two hundred river steam-
ers to do the work, each worth $60,000—
$12,000,000 ; risk three per cent., $360,000 ;
cost, of labor, board and fuel, say $300 per
day ; and that it would require four hundred
tugs each with two barges, or eight hundred
barges, $6,000 for tugs and $1,000 for barges,
$3,200,000, with three per cent, risk (risk,
however, would be much less,) $96,000, and
cost of labor, board and fuel fifty dollars per
day. And on long, straight bodies of water
the tug will make much better speed than the
steamer. It is obvious that the saving in capi-
