1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Seizures of Cotton—Mr. Maclntyre.
Ho. oi1 Reps.
public auction and to the highest bidder, and
the proceeds of sale paid into the Treasury,
making the United State? a trustee for the
party to whom the property belonged. If that
party could prove loyalty he could receive
the proceeds of the sale of the property, less
expenses, when such proof was made, and the
Court of Claims was bound under the law to
enter a judgment in his favor. .If the party
was unable to prove loyalty, then the United
States was a trustee until the party could
prove his loyalty or was made loyal by some
act of the Government of the United States.
This construction of the law is confirmed by
the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in two cases. The Padelford
case and the Klein case.
The act of the 17th July, 1862, provides that
the President shall, at any time hereafter by
proclamation,.extend to persons who may have
participated in the existing rebellion in any
State or part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with
such exceptions and at such time and on such
conditions as he may deem expedient for the
public welfare. In pursuance of this section
of the act, the President of the United States,
Abraham Lincoln, on the 8th of December,
1863, issued his proclamation, in which refer-
ence was made to the act, and a full and free
pardon offered, with restoration of all rights of
property real or personal, except slaves, and
such property in which the rights of third per-
sons had attached, to all, with some exceptions,
who had engaged in the rebellion or aided and
abetted it, who would take an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and the
union of the States thereunder and abide by
and support all acts of Congress and procla-
mations of the President in reference to slaves,
unless the same should be modified or rendered
void by a decision of the court.
On the 7th of April, 1865, Andrew Low took
the oath of amnesty authorized by the Presi-
dent's proclamation of 8th of December, 1863.
Treasury agents seized large quantities of Mr.
Low's cotton and shipped it to New York,
where it was sold, and the proceeds afterward
paid into the Treasury, there to be held in
trust fisr the owner, in the terms of the act of
1863 before referred to.
Now under the law and the facts, was Mr.
Low entitled to the .proceeds of this cotton ?
The Supreme Court, in the case of the United
States vs. Padelford, decided that the taking
the amnesty oath under the President's procla-
mation is a pardon, and that the law makes
the proof of a pardon a complete substitute
for the proof that the party gave no aid or
comfort to the rebellion ; that after a pardon
no offense connected with the rebellion can be
imputed to the party claiming the proceeds of
the sales of either captured or abandoned
property.
The judgment of • the Court of Claims in
the case of Andrew Low vs. The United
States sets out most of the leading facts of
the case, and but for the decision of the Su-
preme Court (that proof of pardon superseded
the'necessity of proof of loyalty) Mr. Lowe
would have submitted proof of loyalty, which
would have supplied the deficiency complained
of by the gentleman from New York. _ The
decision, however, supplied the deficiency
by authorizing the plaintiff to prove the par-
don instead of the loyalty, and the gentleman
must know that a judgment ought not to be
reversed by a court when the judgment is in
conformity with the law and the evidence.
Much less should it be reversed by the Con-
gress who passed the laws.
The judgment is as follows :
" The claimant seeks by this action to recover the
not proceeds of twenty-six hundred and thirty-
three bales of cotton, which he alleges were cap-
tured by the United States military at Savannah,
Georgia, and afterward sold in New York, and the
proceeds covered into the Treasury.
' The facts on which the ease rests are found to be
as follows: sometime about the years 1847 to 1849
Andrew Low, the claimant, and Charles Green en-
tered into partnership under the firm name of
Andrew Low & Co. They continued in business
until the year 1861, when by mutual consent the
partnership was dissolved. Green went out of the
firm, but Low continued business alone under the
same firm name of Andrew Low & Co.
By the terms of the dissolution Low was consti-
tuted the liquidating partner, and charged with the
duty of collecting in the assets, paying off the debts,
and winding up the business of the concern. Green
had nothing more'to do with it; and on the 2d of
December, 1868, at Savannah, he executed the fol-
lowing reoeipt:
" '.Received from Andrew Low, liquidating part-
ner of the late firm of Andrew Low & Co., the sum
of $1,691 87, being balance duo and settlement in
full of all demands growing out of liquidation of
said copartnership of Andrew Low & Co., as per
statement, leaving only in remainder of settlement
Mr. Green's one half undivided interest in wharf
property and stores known as Low's wharf.
CHARLES GREEN.'
The cotton-claimed in this,action was bought by
Low's agents employed in the surrounding oountry
in the years 1862 and 1864, after the dissolution, but
in the firm name of 'Andrew Low & Co.,' under
which Low was then doing business alone. It was
paid for with claimant's own means, and it is dis-
tinctly shown to have been his individual property
when it was seized by the Government.
"All the cotton was stored in Savannah, and the
greater part of it in claimant's own warehouses. It
was all seized "and shipped to New York and thero
sold, and the proceeds paid into the Treasury.
"There is a discrepancy, however, in the evidence
in relation to the number and quality of the bales
reported by the military seizing authorities, and
the number and kind of cotton shipped and sold
in Now York; bat this discrepancy is slight, and
as it is the duty of the claimant to make his case
free from doubt, we feci bound to confine tho judg-
ment to tho amount of cotton which appears to have
reached the Treasury. ,
"Tho proof abundantly establishes the title in
claimant to twenty-two hundred and forty-six bales
upland and three hundred andforty-nino sea-island
cotton, which were seized by the United States,.sold
in New. York,- and the proceeds, as before shown,
placed in the Treasury.
"There is no satisfactory proof of the claimant's
loyalty. On the contrary, he appears to have been
ono of the commissioners to negotiate the $15,000,000
'confederate States loan.
" On the 7th of April, 1865, he took and subscribed
the oath of amnesty authorized by the President's
proclamation of the 8th of December, 1863.
"On the foregoing facts the court hold, as a con-
clusion of law, that the claimant is entitled to re-
cover the net proceeds.of twenty-two hundred and
forty-six bales of upland cotton, at $175 33 per bale,
and also the net proceeds of three hundred andforty-
nino bales sea-island cotton, at $231 79 per bale,
making in tho .aggregate the sum of $474,685 89, for
which judgment will be entered."
Mr. Low lost his twenty-two hundred and
forty-six bales of upland cotton and three hun-
dred and forty-nine bales of sea island cotton,
and after paying the Treasury agent one fourth
of the proceeds and all other expenses incurred
in bringing said cotton to sale, there was still
in the Treasury $474,685 89 when the trial
was had. The United States never paid one
cent for it, never rendered any service about
the cotton but what is covered by the expense
account charged and deducted befare the bal-
ance was made up. Then if Mr. Low by his
pardon was washed clean of all crime, as
decided by the Supreme Court, what equity
can or could there be in the United States
withholding this fund from him, when it
appears beyond all question that Mr. Low
had bought and paid for this cotton before
its capture, and that it was still his property ?
I can say none whatever with a clear con-
science. Then where is Mr. Low's great
crime? He has never been conyicted of trea-
son. Rebellion is not recognized as a crime
by the Constitution of the United States, nor
is insurrection. If all were recognized by the
Constitution and laws of the United States as
crimes, and Mr. .Low had been guilty of all,
his pardon would have cleansed him from the
crime of all. There is no more reputable man
in Georgia than Mr. Low.
Now, sir, I propose to say a few words in
defense of Mr. G. B. Lamar. Mr. Lamar
prior to the war, by his energy, industry, and
integrity in business, had amassed a large for-
tune. After the war commenced Mr. Lamar,
then a citizen of Savannah, invested largely in
cotton, some on his own account and some
on account of the exporting and importing
company of which he was the president. He
never sent out but one venture,- and that was
captured after it was shipped, and became a
loss to him to the extent of $100,000 or more,
and for which he has never made any claim.
His other cotton, amounting to thousands
of bales, was seized and captured on land,
most of it in the interior of the country, and
shipped by the Treasury agents and sold, and
the proceeds, after paying all expenses, includ-
ing one fourth for the pay of agents, paid into
the Treasury. Mr. Lamar took the amnesty
oath under Mr. Lincoln's proclamation of
December 8, and has complied with all its pro-
visisions and conditions, and now claims the
benefit of its provisions and of the law govern-
ing such cases.
Mr. Lamar has now passed his threescore
and tenth year, and simply claims that as an
American citizen, pardoned by virtue of the
laws of the United States, under President
Lincoln's proclamation, he is entitled to the
same rights and privileges as other Amer-
ican citizens.. That he is a man known to
fame, and that he is a bold thinker, and has
strong convictions of right and wrong, and is
ready to carry into execution such convic-
tions, I am ready to admit. The records of
the country do not show that he has been con-
victed of any crime known to the laws, or that
he is otherwise entitled to this right than the
great mass of the citizens-of the State of
Georgia. -Then why, either directly or indi-
rectly, hold him up to the public as one un-
worthy to receive from thfe United States his
own ? He is also equally a reputable man.
By the fourteenth section of the act of the
3d March, 1863, it is provided that no money
shall be paid out of the Treasury for any claims
passed upon by the Court of Claims till after
an appropriation therefor shall be estimated
for by the Secretary of the Treasury, the legal
effect of which is about the same as the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from New
York. The Supreme Court of the United
States refused to entertain an appeal from the
Court of Claims in the case of Gordon and
Gordon, administrators of Fisher, vs. The
United States, because authority was given
"to the head of an executive department', by
necessary implication, in the fourteenth section
of the amended claims act, to revise all the
decisions of this court requiring payment of
money; denies to it the judicial power from
the exercise of which appeals can be taken to
this court." After this decision, dismissing
the appeal, was rendered by the court the Con-
gress of the United States, on the 17th of
March, 1866, repealed the fourteenth section
of the act of March 3, 1863, before referred to.
If this amendment should pass it will vir-
tually repeal the act of 1866, repealing the four-
teenth section of the act of 1863, and the same
rule be reestablished, only that the supervising
control of the judgments of the Court of Claims
will be lodged in the Congress instead of the
Secretary of the Treasury, which will make
matters worse, if the views of another gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter,] as ex-
pressed on this floor to-day, are correct.
These cotton claims stand upon a different
footing from other claims made upon the Gov-
ernment. The money in the Treasury of the
United States representing the cotton seized
by the Treasury agents is not and has never
been claimed by the Government as its prop-
erty, but has always been held as the property
of other parties, subject to be returned when
those parties would comply with certain con-
ditions specified in the act authorizing the
seizure.
The Wallace claim was not a parallel or
analogous case to these ; it was a claim for the
