1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
■was said by the Senator from Kentucky and
the Senator from California. I know perfectly
■well that both those gentlemen have the inter-
ests of the Navy at heart quite as much as I
have; and there is reason that they should.
Bat is it true, as the Senator from California
[Mr. Casser.lt] has said, that it is more
economical and wiser to wait until such mat-
ters are settled before a small appropriation
of this bind is made ? Have the hundreds of
t housands and the millions of dollars that Eng-
land has wasted on experiments in projectiles
been lost to her or to the world ? This matter
is undoubtedly in its infancy ; and if the Navy
Department itself, through the Naval Commit-
tee, had asked for a large appropriation for
experiments on this very subject, I think the
Senate would have granted it, and I think they
would have been 'wise in doing so. But this
amendment comes, as I say, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, introduced here by
that committee. It certainly is wise. If the
result be to ascertain nothing more than that
these very torpedoes, on the principle apon
which they are now experimenting are useless,
the $150,000 will be well spent in ascertaining
tbat fact, rather than to spend money year by
year before that fact is discovered. It is like
every advance in science, every advance that
is made by induction; and that Government
is wise which spends a reasonable amount of
money in making experiments to ascertain
what is right and what is the best plan in
reference to projectiles, and in reference to the
various means of warfare.
It seems to me that the simple fact of the
smallness of this appropriation and that it
was put on by the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the Senate, in view of the admitted
importance of the subject itself, should induce
Senators not to strike this out of the bill. I
know tbat it is easy for gentlemen who have
not paid any attention to such subjects to read
an appropriation of $150,000 and say " may-
hap this invention is not worth half of it,
mayhap it may turn out not to be of any
value , but, sir, it seems to roe that the estab-
lishment of that fact is of vital importance to
our country and to every country. I know
that no country which can compare with ours
ill its seaboard, and its necessities for a marine
and for a navy, on account of the coast it has
to defend, has done less on such subjects;
and in proportion to the mind which is at work
and operating upon matter in reference to
these questions in this country, no Govern-
ment has done less than this Government in
encouraging these experiments and in assist-
ing our people to arrive at conclusions which
may be valuable to us, and to arrive at which
before other nations do may be invaluable. I
trust that this appropriation will not be
stricken out of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
as a - hietnber of the Committee on Appro-
priations I was present when some consider-
ation of this question was had and when
information in regard to the suty'ect-matter
was presented to that committee. It will be
seen that it is in some sense experimental.
That is so with a great deal that is being done
now, here and everywhere, in regard to pro-
jectile forces. Both in the Army and in the
Navy, at home and abroad, a great deal is
being done in that way, and it is experimental
to some extent.
It will not do to say, as a general propo-
sition, that everything which is an experiment
shall absolutely be rejected ; that the Govern-
ment will experimentupon nothing; that in the
great work of national defense the Govern-
ment will wait until everything is developed
by private enterprise. We are bound in some
sense not to copy other nations; and we are
bound in some sense to take notice of the fact
that other nations are experimenting in this
direction ; and so that we ascertain, that it is
made to appear to us, that there is a reason-
able probability of success in any particular
direction in any new development, it seems to
me that that ought to be regarded by states-
men as a proper foundation for encourage-
ment of the experiment, if you choose to call
it that.
Now, the Committee on Naval Affairs t.hink
this is a proper thing, and they have had the
special subject under consideration. It is
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy,
who has taken an interest in the subject. It
does not rest on his private judgment, but it
rests on the information he can gather from
all the scientific men connected with his De-
partment. The Committee on Appropriations
had the benefit of this information, and it
seemed to us that it was highly probable, to
say the least of it, that this was a matter in-
volving interests very important to the United
States. It always turns out in governmental
affairs to some extent, as it does in private
affairs, that there are a great many things
which you do not care about stating publicly.
There are a great many subjects that affect the
Government ofthe country, and affect its policy
in some respects, that you choose to talk about
in Cabinet council or somewhere else; but it
should be deemed enough to say in matters of
this kind, it seems to me, that the proposition
is commended by those whose business it is to
know, who have the opportunity of knowing
all that can be known upon this subject, and
whose judgments ought to inspire us with some
confidence if we have faith in their integrity ;
and these all combined justify this particular
proposition.
True, the sum is $150,000. Looking at
that through a microscope disposed to mag-
nify everything, and forgetting that it is in
behalf of a great people and that it is in con-
nection with the methods of defense on which
we are annually spending millions upon mil
lions and are coming to the conclusion that
we have sp'ent a great many millions in the
old methods which are tolerably useless at
the present time, it strikes me that upon all
these considerations combined we ought not
to hesitate t'o comply with the recommenda-
tions of the Government to purchase this in-
vention.
Mr. FRELINGIIOYSEN. Mr. President,
I should not suppose that there would be any
opposition to this appropriation. We have in
the Senate here to take some things on trust
We cannot try experiments or confer with ex-
perts in reference to these measures; and when
an appropriation for national defense comes
here recommended by the Department having
charge of that subject, the Navy Department,
being the concentrated wisdom of all the ex-
perts in the Navy, with all their experience,
and when such a measure is recommended
unanimously by the Naval Committee and
approved by the Committee on Appropria-
tions and is a matter for our national defense,
I think that we as Senators are hardly at lib-
erty to say, without giving very good reasons,
that we will set aside all this testimony, that
we will overrule all these judgments of those
who are acting officially, and not make the
appropriation. (I hope tbat the amendment of
the committee will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Cole.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to say a single
word. I am disposed to take a great deal on
faith, as suggested by the honorable Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Frelinghuysen. ] I
am willing to go as far as any gentleman for
liberal appropriations in regard to scientific
experiments in anything connected with either
the Army or the Navy; but I think we can
carry that too far.
Now, sir, in this very bill we make an ap
propriation for the construction of torpedo-
boats. We have given to the Army $300,000
for experiments with torpedoes as a subject of
defense. We have in this bill appropriated for
the purchase and manufacture of gunpow-
der, nitro-glycerine, and gun-cotton, $12,000;
we have appropriated for the purchase and
manufacture of electrical machines, galvanic
batteries, and insulated wire, $24,000; we have
appropriated for the purchase of copper, iron,
and other materials necessary for the manu-
facture of torpedoes, and for work on the same,
$27,000. And now what else is proposed?
It is to purchase the right to manufacture a
torpedo-boat at $150,000. That may be at
some time hence absolutely necessary, but I
say it is not so now.
I do not doubt that torpedoes are among
the cheapest and most powerful weapons of
defense. They were first used in the Crimean
war. Since that their manufacture and the
experiments with torpedoes have engaged not
only the attention of the European nations,
but of this. For all those experiments we
have made the most liberal appropriations.
What I suggest to the Senate is to wait until
those experiments have developed themselves
before we undertake to appropriate the public
money for the manufacture of a boat which
may be of some or may be of no use.
I do not understand that the Navy Depart-
ment have recommended the purchase of this
boat, and I will read what the Secretary of
the Navy says on this subject. Speaking of
the torpedo system, the Secretary says, in his
annual report:
"Torpedo System.
" These cheapest but most powerful weapons of
defense, called torpedoes by Fulton, who invented
them, were fit first little regarded, but their use is
now established as a necessity of naval warfare.
England, Germany, Austria, and even China, are
devoting much attention to their preparation and
employment. This weapon seeins to have an espe-
cial value to the United States. Our separation from
the political complications of Europe produces a
security which has resulted in notorious unreadiness
to meet any sudden hostile emergency, which can
come only from the sea, by an armed navy in pro-
portion to our strength or to the extent of our coasts.
A well-developed system of torpedo warfare would,
to some extent, possiblv to a large extent, meet this
conditio# of unreadiness. Naval construction has
not yet even remotely indicated any floating struc-
ture which can withstand the destructive power of
the modern fulminate, skillfully applied. While tor-
ped >es are the cheapest of naval weapons and within
the means of the poorest nations, they are irresist-
ible to the strongest and best prepared. The idea
even of their employment appeals so strongly to the
imagination that powerful fleets have been kept
aloof simply by their supposed presence. During
the war of our rebellion means had to be constantly
used for warding off or catching floating torpedoes,
and the bottoms ol southern-harbors were dragged
for stationary ones, which were pulled from their
places to the shore or exploded from a safe distance.
This earlier use, both for attack and defense, of these
means, devised under the pressure of immediate
necessity and employed at the moment, has already
been largely improved upon and needs still further
elaboration, further experiments are requisite, and
the use of methods of attack and defense iu the samo
hands, in order that each may perfect the other.
" Torpedo warfare is still in its infancy; but it is
the infancy of a most powerful development, and
it is especially the policy of the United States to
foster its growth as a weapon adapted to our situa-
tion.
" The attention bestowed upon this subject by our
service has not been withoutmuch fruit. A torpedo-
boat, for instance, just tested at Newport, almost
submerged, is controlled by human will acting at a
safe distance. It advances, turn& or stops, at the
touching of an electric key connected from the
operator's hand by a wire unrolled from the boat.
This boat carries five hundred pounds of explosive
material, which can be fired on contact with an
enemy.
" This subject is in its nature not a matter for much
public illustration, and I will at this time only point
to the many in-tances in which torpedoes have
played an important part in recent wars, and add
that the judgment of the most careful and experi-
enced officers in our service is unanimous and strong
in favor ofthe use of every means of enlarging and
improving our knowledge of torpedoes, and of pro-
viding: liberally for their investigation and use.
• w.puld a grave error, however, while advo-
cating the importance of torpedoes as one means of
attack and defense, to forget that these will not
alone suffice for naval purposes."
Now, I indorse all that. The Committee on
Appropriations have responded to all that by
the most liberal appropriations; but there is
nothing in this report arid there is nothing in
the experiments already made, which, in my
opinion, would justify the Senate in appropri-
ating $150,000 for the mere purchase of the
