12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
Ho. oi? Reps.
OJdahoma Territory—Mr. Wells.
4 2d Cong....3d
value of property destroyed by the United
States troops. In the one case the property
was destroyed, in the other it was not de-
stroyed but sold, and the money is now in the
Treasury. In the one case it is a claim for a
debt, in the other it is a claim for restitution
of property withheld from the claimant by the
United States authorities. In the one ease
the property was destroyed, in the other it was
not destroyed.
The gentleman complains that other gentle-
men of this House filibustered all night for
the purpose of defeating the payment of Mr.
Wallace's claim, a loyal man. That is true,
but I was one of those who voted for the claim
of Mr. Wallace, not because he was a loyal or
a disloyal man, but because his property had
been taken by the United States troops and
appropriated to public use; and under the
provisions of the Constitution he was entitled
to have compensation for the property.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman'
from New York reads thus:
Provided, however. That no judgments rendered
by said court under the act of Congress approved
March 12, 1SG3, entitled "An act to provide for the
collection of abandoned property and for the pre-
vention of iraud in insurrectionary districts within
the Dnited States" tor tho proceeds of property
seized prior to June 30, 18(m, shall bo paid out of
this appropriation, nor shall any such judgment bo
paid unless a special appropriation thorel'or bo
made by Congress.
One of two motives must have prompted
the mover to otter the amendment: a desire
to bias or prejudice Congress and the Ameri-
can people against these cotton claimants, and
thereby prevent a restitution of their property,
or a desire on the part of the mover to reverse
the judgments of the Court of Claims and re-
fuse to pay such judgments unless there was
proof of loyalty, although there may have been
proof of a pardon; in other words, reverse the
decision of the Supreme Court.
The power to pardon is granted by the Con-
stitution of the LJtiited States to the President
alone ; the power to determine and settle the
legal effect and consequences of the pardon
when granted is granted to the judiciary
department; Congress, the other department
of the Government, has nothing to do with it,
and the passage of this amendment would be
an improper interference with the powers and
duties of the other two departments.
When it is remembered that the Treasury
agents took one fourth of the cotton seized as
pay 1'or thejr services, and then shipped the
cotton at other very heavy expenses, all of
which expenses are deducted from the sales
of the cotton before judgment can be had for
the balance, and that the cotton was held in
New York until the price had declined from
fifteen to thirty-cents per pound, it seems that
restitution should he made.
On the 80th day of June, 18G5, after the
surrender of the southern forces, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury issued an order suspend-
ing the seizure of cotton and other property
in the Southern States, and, in violation oi this
order, Treasury agents continued to seize
cotton (the pay of the agent being one fourth
of the property seized) and ship and sell it.
The proceeds of these sales, less the expenses,
are now in the Treasury, held by the United
States in trust for the owners, and it was to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
restore this cotton fund that the amendment
to the .appropriation bill at the last session
was passed by the Congress of the United
States.
When all these laws shall be executed and
the judgments paid the owners of the cotton
seized will still be heavy losers. They will
not get exceeding one half of what they could
liHve realized from the sale of the cotton if it
had not been seized.
1 trust, sir, that justice will be done to tbese
parties.
Oklahoma Territory.
SPEECH OF HON. ERASTUS WELLS,
of missouri,
In the House of Rkprksentatives,
January 10, 1873,
On the bill (H. It. No. 2(535) for tho hotter protection
of the Indian tribes, and their consolidation under
a civil government, to bo oalled the Territory of
Oklahoma.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, in presenting
the amendments to the pending bill which I
have sent to the Clerk's desk 1 disclaim any
desire or intention to delay, much less to de-
feat, action upon this important question, a
question which, while direetly affecting indus-
trial and commercial interests of the States
west of the Mississippi river, is of national
importance as affecting the facility and ex-
pense of interstate communication, and that
interchange of the products of differing climates
by most direct lines of transit upon which
alone can be based a true national prosperity.
Still less do I desire to underestimate the in-
dustry and impartiality with which the Com-
mittee on the Territories have examined the
question, although I have from a careful investi-
gation arrived at a different conclusion, per-
haps in some measure determined by the more
immediate personal relations of the people
whom 1 have the honor in part to represent upon
this door in the determinate settlement of the
occupancy and control of the Indian territory ;
and yet a conclusion which I believe to he
based upon sound principles of national jus-
tice and comity toward the race whose lands
have been absorbed by the progress of civil-
ization on the American continent, and whose
future existence depends less upon statutory
enactments and the strict observance of the
legal formula of compacts, mis-styled treaties,
than upon a plain recognition of established
facts from which there can be no retrogres-
sion, because such retrogression would be an
unavailing relapse from civilization m an
attempt to perpetuate and shield barbarism
from an inevitable destiny.
I will not presume, sir, to engage the atten-
tion of the House in a discussion of the legal
doubts which must neccsarily arise whenever
it is sought to conform congressional legisla-
tion to the strict letter of the so-called Indian
treaties referred to in detail in the report of
the committee presenting this bill to the House.
I am even willing to admit that in set phrases
these treaties have recognized, or a| least by
inference established, these tribes as distinct
nationalities, and have sought in some man-
ner to uphold an independence upon the part
of these tribal organizations, and an inherent
sovereignty, upon their part, of the land com-
prised within the limits of the proposed Terri-
tory of Oklahoma nationality and tribal organ-
ization that must fall with the passage of the
bill reported by the committee, and a sov-
ereignty of the soil that will be set aside by the
amendment which I have submitted.
The creation of the independence and the
sovereignty of the land by the Indian treaties
was, however, in effect a mere makeshift to
induce the Indian to exchange other conditions
and to dispose of other lands because he and
his customs stood in the way of civilization ;
because Indian nationality, with its accom-
panying tribal organizations, blocked the path-
way of a commerce between States that would
not be stayed by any obstacle erected upon
the unstable basis of mere legal quibbles and
technicalities.
In plain terms, sir, these Indian treaties
amount to this and nothing more, the Indian
had been conquered; his presence was dis-
tasteful to the conqueror who removed him by
a force none the less arbitrary because to ease
the conscience of the spoiler it was clothed in
legal forms and invested in the sounding
phrases of diplomacy. The measures adopted
neither settled the question of the relations of
the conquered to the conqueror nor provided
methods by which such' settlement"could be
arrived at in the future. It merely shifted the
responsibility elsewhere, and like all make-
shifts, like all attempts to treat barbaric forms
as even living facts, and to preserve savage
tribes from the decay incident upon their con-
tact with self-perpetuating civilization, this
of the removal of the Cherokees, Choctaws,
and their associated tribes from the east to
the west bank of the Mississippi river has al-
ready outlived its usefulness, leaving only the
dead forms of the past to embarrass the present
and the future. It was the mere setting aside
of plain truths, a shrinking from definite
action, this making of treaties which, from
their very nature, could not be fulfilled ; this
entering into obligations which refuse to the
new future that which was exacted in the past
and which force upon our Government now the
alternative of exterminating the Indian tribes
upon which we have conferred a fictitious and
semi-civilization, or an abrogation of these
treaties, that the spirit thereof may be carried
into effect and the object of them be enabled
to enjoy the property conveyed; or, if you
choose, reserved to him, and perpetuate his
race by conforming to the laws and customs
of a civilization that will exist and be enforced
even if the Indian does perish.
J n so far as this is true' of the Indian treaties
of 1828, 18,50, and subsequent years, it is also
in a great measure true of -the bill presented
by the committee which halts half way iu the
effort to resume control of a property con-
ferred as it were upon a minor ward, from whom
is withheld the power either to convey or to
maintain his possession.
The main point, however, in this discussion
is the organization of this territory now occu-
pied by the Indians under these treaties so that
interstate communication may not be hindered
or delayed, and before proceeding to a state-
ment of the modification I seek to obtain in
the terms of such organization, I desire to set
forth the causes which impel my constituents
and the people of the States west of the Mis-
sissippi to demand such territorial organiza-
tion, such abrogations of these Indian treaties
as will enable Congress to impose and main-
tain that territorial organization. Amereview,
sir, of maps and slight investigation of the
commercial resources and requirements of the
country west of the Mississippi will be suffi-
cient, to establish the truth of the assertion that
the causes which led to the removal of the In-
dian tribes to the Indian territory, the proposed
Territory of Oklahoma, demands with a hun-
dred-fold added force the removal of the
obstruction they now present to interstate com-
munication on three sides. This possession of
the Indian, held in commonage that forbids or at
leasthinders its cultivation, and which prevents
the establishment of lines of freight, transit, and
travel, is bounded by rich and growing States,
while in itself it is more than equal in drea,
and far superior as to climate and in product-
iveness, to the most favored State east of the
Mississippi river. Its existence as at pres-
ent constituted, especially when the committee
hint in their report at the establishment-of the
Comanche, Apache, and other wildtribeson the
same land,reduces Missouri, Kansas, Arkansas,
and Texas to the condition of border States,
hampers and delays their development, effect-
ually prevents an interchange of products be-
tween these States, and directly enhances the
cost of a material portion of the food supply of
the citizens of the States upon our northern
seaboard, as well as diminishes the supply to
eastern and northwestern manufacturers of the
great southern staple, cotton. That I do not
exaggerate this obstacle to the development
