348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
officers in the vicinity of the Indians do feel that
the sale of arms to Indians is entirely wrong,
and especially to the Sioux Indians. They
are the most warlike Indians we have in our
country, I believe, with the exception of the
Apaches, and I know that many times when I
Lave talked with officers in reference to this
matter, they have said the Government ought
not to allow them to have arms. I do not be-
lieve they ought to have them. I do not think
their hunting aids very much in their civiliza-
tion. I think it does them harm. If we feed
them and keep them quiet, it is a great deal
better than to allow tliem to hunt and roam
over the prairies. For that reason I offer the
amendment that I have suggested, and it will
be for the Senate to accept it or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois offers an amendment, pending
which the Senator from Iowa desires to have
a communication read.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have the
amendment read first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will first be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the paragraph the
following:
Provided, That the sale of any arms or ammuni-
tion by any of the traders or their agents to any
Indian or Indians shall forfeit their right to trade
with the Indians or any other person, and they shall
be excluded from any Indian territory.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that the words "or
any other person" ought to be stricken oat
of the amendment at all events.
Mr. LOGAN. I will insert the words " in
that locality " after the words "or any other
person."
Mr. COLE. I do not see how we can pre-
vent one person trading with another.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
two, noes not counted.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senate will allow me
I will add to that amendment the words
" within the Indian territory."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent the Senator modifies the amend-
ment, and it is agreed to as modified. The
Senator from Iowa now proposes to have a
communication read.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not care anything
about having it read on my own account. If
anybody desires the information that can be
obtained from that source, I send the paper ap
with a view of having it read for their inform-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (after a
pause:) The Secretary will proceed with the
reading of the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 68, lines sixteen
hundred and sixty-one and sixteen hundred
and sixty-two, after the word "Indians" to
strike out the words "not parties to any
treaty;" so that the clanse will read :
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in Washington Territory, including trans-
portation of annuity goods and presents, (where no
special provision is made therefor by treaties.) and
for defraying the expenses of removal and subsist-
ence of Indians and for pay of necegeary employes,
$24,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will call the attention of the Senator from
Minnesota to the fact that the same words
appear under the head " Oregon."
Mr. WINDOM. But the treaties are differ-
ent. All the treaties made in Washington
Territory were made under Governor Stevens,
and he provided in the treaties for their re-
moval with their consent, so that we designed
to make a difference in the provisions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will continue.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment was on page 03, line
sixteen hundred and seventy-two, to increase
the appropriation for the general incidental
expenses of the Indian service in Utah Terri-
tory from $25,000 to $35,000.
Mr. COLE. That is explained by refer-
ring to the second paragraph below, in which
$10,000 are transferred to this item.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 69, after
line sixteen hundred and eighty, to strike out
the following clause:
For this amount, to purchase subsistence and
clothing for the Indians locatcd upon the Uintah
Vallfy reservation in Utah, and for such othor
objects as the Secretary of the Interior may deem
necessary and advisable to promote tho civilization
and improvement of said Indians, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 70, after
line seventeen hundred and nine, to insert the
following additional clause:
For this amount, for the civilization of Indian
tribes, $10,000; and so much of the act entitled "An
act making provision for the civilisation of the
Indian tribes adjoining tbe frontier settlements,"
approved March 3, 1S19. as provides an annual ap-
propriation of $10,000 be, and the same hereby is,
repealed: Provided, That the report required by
the second section of said act, as to the appropria-
tion therein provided for, shall be made in respect
to the amount hereby appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out the first part of it
which makes the appropriation. There is
another provision in the bill which for the
general expenses of the Indian service pro-
vides for that same class of objects. I am
entirely in favor of repealing this ancient
standing appropriation which really was the
beginning of appropriations for the Indian
service, but I hope we shall not continue to
appropriate the $10,000 specifically, but let it
fall into the other head where it belongs in
the bill of general expenses incident to the
Indian service. I therefore move to amend
the amendment by striking out that part of it
which relates to the appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "for this
amount, for the civilization of Indian tribes,
$10,000, and."
Mr. WINDOM. When this question was
under consideration in the committee, the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs waa present
and thought it not advisable to repeal this
standing appropriation ; but when the com-
mittee informed him of their intention to re-
peal all such appropriations wherever they
could, and called upon him for an explanation
as to what this $10,000 was used for, it ap-
peared that it had been appropriated since
1819 and used in the education of a certain
number of young Indian scholars. I cannot
now state to the Senate at what school, but
the information the committee have is that it
has been used for educational purposes, and
that these scholars are now in the schools, and
that it would work very injuriously if the
money was not appropriated. That is all the
information we have; and with that I submit
the question to the Senate whether the appro-
priation shall be retained or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In answer to that I have
only to say that under the head of "general
incidental expenses of the Indian service,"
beginning at page 65 of the bill, we take up
each oneof the Territories in which the Indians
of the United States are now located, and some
of the States and provide for the general inci-
dental expenses of the Indian service and for
the civilization and care of the Indians in all
those places a general appropriation of so
much money. Therefore, if the Indians in the
schools spoken of are in any of these Terri-
tories, or if they are elsewhere coming from
any of these Territories, as they must, the mat-
ter is already provided for.
What I wish to get rid of is this general
appropriation, which has been standing, as my
friend says, for years and years as an indef-
inite appropriation which we are not called
upon to pass each year. I want to.get rid of
it in toto, and to have referred to each Terri-
tory the specific expenses which relate to that,
so that we can get to a definite basis at last
with respect to this Indian service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the committee.
Tbe amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment reported by the
committee as amended.
Mr. WINDOM. I suggest whether it should
not be further modified. It now requires a
report to be made where there is no appro-
priation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Strike off the proviso.
Mr. WINDOM. Let the proviso be stricken
out.
Mr. COLE. Then the law stands author-
ising a report to be made when there is noth-
ing upon which it can be based. The clause
should be modified, I think, rather than
stnc1{6n out
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is still open.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; the clause repeals
the whole act. Striking out the proviso will
leave it stand simply repealing the clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his sugges-
tion ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proviso
will be regarded as stricken out.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 70, line
seventeen hundred and nineteen, to strike out
the words " provided, that" before the clause
beginning " the sum of $5,000, appropriated
by act of May 29, 1872," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 71, line
seventeen hundred and twenty-eight, to strike
out the words " provided further, that" be-
fore the clause beginning "the several appro-
priations herein made for teachers, millers,"
&c., and at the end of the clause to add " and
it shall be the duty of the President to report
each instance of such diversion of appropri-
ated funds to Congress at its next session ;"
so that the clause will read:
The several appropriations herein made for
teachers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers, carpen-
ters, physicians, and other persons, and for various
articles provided for by treaty stipulation, may bo
diverted to other uses for the benefit of the various
Indian tribes within the discretion of the Presi-
dent, and -with the consent of said tribes expressed
in tho usual manner; and it shall be the duty of
the President to report each instance of such diver-
sion of appropriated funds to Congress at its next
session.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will proceed.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know but that
we are going too fast. I should like to under-
stand that last amendment which was adopted.
It makes the clause read :
The several appropriations herein made for teach-
ers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers, carpentcrs,
physicians, and other persons, and for various
articles provided for by treaty stipulation, may be
diverted to other uses fbr the benefit of the various
Indian tribes, within tho discretion of the President,
and with the consent of said tribes expressed in tho
usual manner; and it shall be the duty of the Pres-
ident to report each instance of such diversion of
appropriated funds to Congress at its next session.
I should like to know if the words, "the
several appropriations herein made" do not
apply to all the appropriations made in the
bill.
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I suppose they must
necessarily do so. Then it appears that we.
appropriate hy this bill very large sums of
money to be paid for teachers, millers, black-
smiths, engineers, carpenters, physicians, and
other persons, and also for various articles
provided for by treaty stipulations, and we do
