1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Oklahoma Territory—Mr. Taffe.
Ho. of Reps.
of the States west of the Mississippi, or over-
estimate its effect upon the nation at large,
may be established without the aid of sta-
tistical complication, and I therefore refrain
from wearying the House with extracts from
the census reports. It is an admitted fact, sir,
that the center of breadstuff production has
already passed to the west of the Missisippi
river, and no one pretends to doubt that within
the next decade that center will have passed
beyond the western borders of Iowa and Min-
nesota.
The product of animal food depends so
closely upon that of corn that it may be as-
sumed that in the near future the supply of
breadstuffs, of cured meats, and even of forage
to be sent from the North to the South, will be
largely from that section of our.country lyipg
north and northwest of the Indian territory ;
and to dispatch it to market it must either pass
over.these lands npw held idle by the treaties I
have referred to, and the commonage existing
under these treaties, to reach Texas, Arkan-
sas, L&uisiana, and the Gulf States, or it must
seek those markets by circuitous routes and
at an added expense that must either be de
ducted from the slender profits of the farmer
of the Northwest or be added to the cost of the
cotton, sugar, and rice produced in the South.
So, too, with the supply of beeves, and they
form no inconsiderable portion of the food
supply of the. industrial classes of Pennsyl-
vania, New York, and New England. They
must either be driven through this territory to
the collecting markets of the West, or sent
around it at an increased cost which must
eventually fall upon the consumer. Not only
so, but the barrier stands also between an old
civilization and a new and struggling one;
between the States and the Territories of New
Mexico and Arizona—Territories which only
await the extension t of our railroad system
and the security resulting from increased and
increasing population to outrival in mineral
wealth the Eldorado founded on the Pacific
coast by the adventurous spirits of 1849.
The possession of Ohio by a similar Indian
fovernment would not more completely sun-
er New York, Pennsylvania, and New Eng-
land from Illinois, Indiana, and the North and
Southwest, than does the present Indian terri-
tory sunder Missouri, Iowa, Kansas, and_ Ne-
braska from Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana.
Nor would such a break in connections be-
tween the northeastern and western States
more effectually retard the progress of the
whole nation, by restricting the industries of
a portion thereof, than does this break in the
commercial connections of the West and
Southwest. This obstruction increases the
cost of corn, breadstuffs, and provisions to the
South, and adds to the expense of transferring
cotton and driving beeves to the northern
markets. It prevents the development of the
rich mineral lands in Missouri, the cultivation
of extensive grain fields in Kansas, the im-
provement of fertile cotton lands in Arkansas,
the settlement of the northern counties of
Texas, the growth of New Mexico and Ari-
zona, and the development of the mineral
resources of those most favored Territories.
Is this, sir, a greater hinderance to the pro-
gress of the nation than was the possession of
portions of the Gulf States by those same tribes ?
Are not the same causes which deprived those
Indians of their possessions east of the Mis-
sissippi now demanding in greater and even
increasing force a settlement of this question
by the removal of this present obstruction to
the proper development of integral States and
the progress of the nation ? But, sir, we can no
longer remove the Indian from one territory to
another : we can no longer dispossess him of
one body of laud and invest him with another
possession : we can no longer break and can-
cel our treaties which shall reiterate the same
hollow falsehood in the same magniloquence
of diplomatic phraseology. Civilization has
overleaped that barrier of barbarism which
preceding congressional legislation sought to,
perpetute midway between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans, and pressing upon that barrier
from the West as well as the East, brings the
present so plumply face to face with the sub-
terfuges and shifting technicalities of the past
as to force a settlement of this question, which
shall either conform the Indian to the pro-
gress of our civilization or maintain him in
semi-barbarism at the expense of interstate
communication.
It can, however, no longer be hoped by the
most philanthropic lover of the red man that
the Indian may retain all the habits of his an-
cestors and yet clothe himself with the attri-
butes of civilization ; that he shall be deemed
so far childlike as to be individually incapable
of personal proprietorship of the soil, and yet
so far civilized as to be capable of govern-
mental control of a broad territory sufficient
in itself of awakening the industries of a half
score of separate communities each larger than
some of the Atlantic States. Moral responsi-
bility must accompany if not precede civiliza-
tion, and individual ownership of the soil and
control of its products cannot be disassociated
from the right of self-government. It is ujpon
these considerations that I favor the organiza-
tion of the territory of Oklahoma, and it is
these considerations that induce me to seek a
proper amendment of the bill presented by the
committee.
So far as the bill proposed by the committee
provides for the usual legislative and executive
machinery, I agree with it; the establishment
of the territorial lines I concur in, as these are
the first necessities of the organization ; but I
differ from the committee in so far that the.
amendment that I have presented provides
that the present tribal organizations shall first,
through the direct use of the ballot-box, con-
trol the legislative body of the proposed terri-
tory, untrammeled by the advent in their
midst of squatters from the States, and in
order that the tribes now possessing this ter-
ritory may be assured that the spirit of past
treaties is to be carried out, even if the letter
is broken, and that this promise of a better
civilization and a more thorough self-govern-
ment is not a delusion and a snare under which
other and alien tribes may be forced upon them
to share in their councils and divide their
property.
The amendment I propose,_ therefore, pro-
vides for that individual proprietorship of the
soil, and consequent development of the prin-
ciple of self-dependence, without which I hold,
sir, that the self-government sought to be con-
ferred upon the Indian tribes would be a mere
mockery, if not a snare whereby designing
white men, willing to sell their birthright by
adopting into another race for the sake of
seizing its lands, would grasp the inheritance
before its possessor was dead.
The amendment I present fully and frankly
admits the property rights of all the assembled
tribes to the lands mentioned in the treaties
in virtue of which those tribes were removed
to their present locations ; but as the national
Government, in its position of the conquering
and sovereign power, as well as by virtue ot
its inherent right of self-preservation, is the
natural and legitimate guardian of the tribes,
it places this property in such a position that,
it may be utilized for the benefit of each in-
dividual member thereof, while it stimulates
self respect by providing for individual owner-
ship. ,
The provision of the sections I desire to
add to the bill, therefore, secure to each mem-
ber of the tribes, male or female, adult or
infant, one hundred and sixty acres of land,
giving to those who have made improvements
the prior right to that section upon which such
improvements cover more than the quarter of
a section thus preempted the right to purchase
the remainder at a minimum valuation. It
makes ample reservations for school and re-
ligious purposes; prevents for a terjn of years
the alienation of titles of land selected by In-
dians, whose possession, in the first ignorance
of the value of individual proprietorship, might
be bartered for a trifle, and provides for the
graduation and sale of the remaining lands at
prices ranging from one dollar and twenty-five
cents to five dollars per acre, the proceeds to
be scrupulously set aside for the sole benefit of
the Indians, for their education, the erection
of buildings, the purchase of machinery, &c.,
needed for the development and cultivation
of their lands.
This, sir, is the extent of the change I desire
to make to this measure and against this pro-
posed division of these lands and the invest-
ment of the Indian with individual proprietor-
ship of the soil. I submit there can be made
no charge of unfair dealing; no charge of a
desire to change, the treaty stipulations with
these tribes in order to confiscate their lands ;
no charge that we seek to divide the posses-
sions of the tribes with the people of our own
race or with alien and more savage tribes.
Such a charge may lay against the bill reported
by the committee, which leaves this, question
of ownership of the soil to the disposal, if I
fully understand the scope of its sections, by
the territorial Legislature, while providing no
guards to prevent the -control of the Legisla-
ture passing into alien hands.
The bill as I propose to amend it, how-
ever, so far from taking from the tribes any
portion of their property, simply purposes to
make available so much thereof as now lies
waste, and adding to and extending^ the area
of cultivated territory, to induce cultivation of
the lands which will then be retaiued by the
Indians, by furnishing material aid for its de-
velopment through education and proper appli-
ances for work, by opening the country, and
thereby affording facilities for transporting
products to markets, by exciting emulation, by
creating the respect incident to citizenship, by
infusing tha incentives of individual proprie-
torship of the soil and ownership of the crops
grown thereon.
Oklahoma Territory.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN TAFFE,
qf nebraska,
In the House op Representatives,
January 17, 1873,
On the bill (II. It. No. 2635) for the better protection
of the Indian tribes, and their consolidation under
a civil government, to bo called the Territory of
Oklahoma.
Mr. TAFFE. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to discuss the details of the pending bill,
as they have already received sufficient atten-
tion, but rather to direct my remarks to the
general subject and considerations within the
scope of the bill. Suffice it to say that the
whole current and tenor of congressional legis-
lation and judicial decisions, stripped of all
verbiage and circumlocution, have but one
direction, and establish but one principle or
political theory, which is that nothing like an
actual sovereignty in Indian tribes was ever
recognized in this country. As to land title,
the ultimate fee or allodium has always been
claimed and held by our Government, whether
of the British Crown or of the United States.
When Indians were strong and the whites
comparatively weak, and propitiation was a
necessity, the treaty system grew up, and there
was for a time an implied and eventually an
actual concession of a right of occupancy of
