350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
they need not be furnished with that article;
bat it is well known that they are furnished
with the article, or at all events that the Gov-
ernmeut pays for it. I do not know of an in-
stance where there has been any reservation
of any of the funds that have been provided
for carrying out treaty stipulations. Perhaps
that is the case, but I know of no instance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
who has charge of the appropriations if he
means to say in regard to all the appropria-
tions in the bill of last year, if you please, for
teachers, millers, blacksmiths, carpenters,
physicians—I leave off " the other persons"—
that he finds on the books of the Treasury that
the money in every instance has been spent
ostensibly even for these purposes ? Are there
not some instances in which the Department
will tell you "we have not expended that
item for the reason that there were no chil-
dren to be taught, nobody to be doctored, no
blacksmith shop to be used ?"
Mr. COLE. Then, Mr. President, what has
been done? A violation of the treaty stipula-
tions has beep committed by the Department,
or a diversion of the funds from the object that
was appropriated for. It is to meet an emer-
gency of that kind precisely that this proviso
is inserted. It is in order to allow that to be
done in pursuance of law which is now, as 1
understand, done in violation of treaty or law ;
that is, that the money which is provided to
carry out treaties, namely, to purchase particu-
lar articles for the Indians, may be applied for
some other use when the Indians do not require
the articles specified in the treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
to say that he knows of any instance in which
that has been done ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If he does, the officer
who did it ought to be impeached.
Mr. COLE. But I understand, as an infer-
ence from the remark of my friend from Ver-
mont, that there are cases in the Treasury De-
partment where that has been done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By no means. I said
precisely the reverse, and I think the Senator
will find instances in which the appropriation
has not been expended at all, for the reason
that there was no object to which it could be
applied.
Mr. COLE. Does the Senator state that
there are instances where the appropriation
has not been used up ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I state that I believe
there are. I do not talk from knowledge, bat
from information and belief.
Mr. COLE. I did not suppose that there
had been an instance of the kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am afraid there are not
as many of them as there ought to be.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator knows the
instance, I really think he will do credit to the
Indian department by mentioning it. I find,
turning back casually, an appropriation of
this kind under a treaty: "For permanent
provision for fifty barrels of salt, per second
article treaty July 29, 1829." Fifty barrels
of salt are furnished to a particular tribe or
fragment of a tribe of Indians under a treaty
made a great many years ago, as far back as
1829. It may be that these Indians do not
need at this time, there being only a fragment
of the tribe left, fifty barrels of salt, and yet I
am apprehensive that the cost of fifty barrels
of salt goes some way toward the satisfaction
of that treaty stipulation every year. If I am
mistaken I shall be very glad to know it; but
the Senator from Vermont probably can inform
me whether I am or not mistaken.
^ Mr. THURMAN. What tribe is it that we
have a treaty with made in 1829 ?
Mr. COLE. The Pottawatomies. We are
making appropriations in this bill to-day for
fifty barrels of salt for those Indians. I only
turn to this as one instance. There are many
other instances in the bill of the same char-
acter. Now it may be that the money which
used to purchase that salt might be furnished
to these Indians in such form as would do
them good; perhaps in purchasing cattle or
sheep, perhaps in purchasing other articles
that they may be in need of and can make
use of.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I would suggest to the Senator from Vermont
that if he will look at that clause which he
has proposed to strike out he will find that
[ it would be better to amend it and let it stand.
Let it read in this wise:
The several appropriations herein made for teach-
ers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers, earpenters, phy-
sicians, and other persons, and for various articles
provided for by treaty stipulation may be withheld
when in the discretion of the President they can
properly be withheld.
It seems to me that there is no propriety
in having this provision in the shape it is, and
yet it may be great folly to make this appro-
priation and have the Departments go on and
make the expenditure because the appropria-
tion is made, because it has the sanction of
Congress. It seems to me that the provision
ought to give the President power to with-
hold the appropriation, and if that were left
in his discretion I think the clause would lead
to something.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, it is ob-
vious now that we shall not get through with
this bill to-day, and as there are some matters
in executive session which I think it is import-
ant to the country to have decided immedi-
ately, I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will wait a moment till I may
make an observation, and then I will make the
motion if he desires me to do so.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say, in
reply to my friend from New Jersey, that I
think what he stated is theoretically right,
and I do not know but that it is so practically.
It will be right unleBS the President now,
under the Constitution and laws, feels himself
authorized not to expend public money, which
is granted to him merely, in a case where he
can find no legitimate object to which to apply
the appropriation. For instance, if we should
appropriate a million of dollars to carry on a
war with Spain—and I only use that nation as
an illustration, not that I have any belligerent
notions toward Spain—and it should turn out
that there was no occasion for having a war with
Spain at all, and no object to apply the money
to, I do not think he would violate his con-
stitutional duty in not expending the money.
I suggest, therefore, to my friend whether it is
really true, under existing conditions of treat-
ies and laws, that if there be an appropriation
in an Indian bill for a blacksmith at Chicago
forever, as there is by the Pottawatomie treaty
to which my friend from California has just
referred, and we should put into an appropri-
ation bill a provision for $500 for a black-
smith shop at Chicago, the President would
feel justly bound under the Constitution, or
would anybody say that he was bound, to set
up the blacksmith shop at Chicago ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that the
President of the United States would exercise
his discretion with much more freedom if there
was such a provision in the bill as that I sug-
gested, and it might in a doubtful case save the
Government a good deal of money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it quite probable
that my friend from New Jersey is right, and
as the matter will go over until to-morrow no
doubt, I suggest to him the preparation of an
amendment which would cover that.
Before I sit down I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the salt matter to which
my friend from California has referred, which
is a very apt illustration of the inadequate
uses, the futile uses to which, if the Depart-
ments chose to do it, when we appropriate
these moneys, they could apply them. The
treaty of 1829, to which my friend from Cali-
fornia has referred, provides: "And it is fur-
ther agreed to deliver to said Indians at Chi-
cago fifty barrels of salt annually forever.1'
Now, unless you can hold that that is to be
taken cum grano salts, with a certain reser-
vation, the thing would be perfectly absurd,
and it is a perfect illustration of the fact—
which I think is the practice in regard to all
other appropriations—that the Departments
and the Executive ought to exercise as to all
mere grants of money the discretion of hold-
ing it in the Treasury unless they can find
the real object which the law had in view to
which to apply it. They do not thereby vio-
late their duty, as they do when they pay
money out of the Treasury, if they ever do
that, which the law has not provided for.
They then merely keep the people's money in
the Treasury, where they, in the exercise of
their judgment, do not see an object to which
it can be applied within the spirit of the pro-
vision of the act, and they do not thereby
violate any faith.
Then this same treaty goes on to provide, in
the illustration I just referred to about a black-
smith's shop, "and the United States further
agree to make permanent"—that is forever—
"for the use of the said Indians a blacksmith
establishment at Chicago." [Laughter.] I
wonder we have not provided a thousand dol-
lars a year to make permanent and keep per-
manent the blacksmith provision at Chicago.
Now I yield to my friend from Pennsylvania.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After forty-two minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and fat four o'clock and fifty-two minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 6, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Friday, December 20, 1872,
was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 3131)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments ; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider. Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order. The
morning hour now begins at eight minutes
past twelve o'clock.
HENRY O. BRIGHAM.
Mr. BUFFINTON introduced -a bill (H.
R. No. 3275) authorizing a settlement of the
accounts of Henry O. Brigham; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
MRS. EMILY BOOTH.
Mr. BUFFINTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3276) granting a pension to Mrs.
Emily Booth ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
