14
AffENDIX TO THE «CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
Ho. op Reps.
Colorado Territory—Mr. Potter.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
the soil; all, however, land and Indians,
under the jurisdiction and general control of
the Federal authority. Not the slightest pre-
tension to the doctrine of imperium in imperto
has ever been countenanced or tolerated.
The Cherokee tobacco case, reported in 11
Wallace, and which has already been referred
to, decides in terms that a treaty must yield
when in conflict with a law of Congress; in
other words, that it is as competent for Con-
gress to repeal a subsisting treaty as a prior
act of its own. In any view of the case it is
absurd to dignify an unimportant agreement
with a petty band of savages by the high-
sounding diplomatic name of "convention"
or "treaty." These articles have not a sin-
gle element of a treaty as interpreted by public
law and as settled by the usages of civilized
nations. The Government complies with the
stipulations, if at all, in its own good time
and in its own way, places disabilities upon the
sale of the reservations in which it is claimed the
Indians have a fee-simple title, refers nothing
to any umpire or arbitration—if we except
the sword—and finally sets up and exercises
the unqualified right of repeal. What then
can be more ridiculous in so great a Govern-
ment as the spectacle which has so often been
presented of the conscript fathers sitting in
solemn conclave to ratify a "treaty" with a
handful of nomadic marauders—in secret
session, too, lest something spoken in debate
should "get into the papers and offend the
'' stomach of the sense of such worshipful
sovereigns a-s Red Cloud and Spotted Tail.
1 am in favor, Mr. Speaker, of dissolving
the tribal relation and giving individuality and
citizenship to these people. This is the solu-
tion of this question, and the only one. And
I will here remark that I utterly repudiate the
doctrine which has lately been advanced that
it is necessary to naturalize an Indian. He is
indigenous, and under the Louisiana and other
purchases passed with the soil, the same as
the trees ana plants, without reservation or con-
dition. He has no allegiance to renounce and
none to swear, unless we yield the point and
admit his complete national character. It
is too late to formally acknowledge in a court
of record what has been a standing fact
throughout the history of the Government. It
is impossible to civilize any people when they
are dealt with as a clan or band; and I hold
that you may take a thousand white men of
average intelligence and morality, put them on
the plains and treat them as a herd, as the
Indians are treated, and they will become de-
moralized and measurably degraded within a
twelve-month. It is a worse system than the
old law of the hundreds. , Then give each indi-
vidual his status in court, and let him come in
for the complete protection as well as the
sanctions of the law. Show him that he shall
be secure in the enjoyment of the proceeds of
his labor, and that property thus earned shall
not be considered common stock in which idle
and industrious may share alike. Teachingthe
catechism, longer or shorter, will not avail
much until a foundation is laid. It is like uti-
dertaking to teach a young pupil mathematics
by beginning with fluxions. It is the wrong
end. The law of labor is first to be understood
and impressed upon these savages in all its
bearings. I refer to this so explicity because
Indians are taught to despise all labor and
laborers, and this is not the caprice of a day,
but a marked and controlling characteristic as
old as the race, or as our knowledge of it.
The wild tribes will not only not work, but will
not permit what they believe to be degrading
and an innovation upon their habit of subsist-
ing upon the spontaneous productions of the
earth. The policy of the Government has
tended rather to encourage than dissipate this
unfortunate delusion ; the more improvident
or menacing they are the better they fare.
I was taught to believe, Mr. Speaker, that
it was unjust that the colored i-ace should
worb-for others by compulsion and without
Compensation ; but how much more absurd in
theory and unjust and cruel in application
the demand that the civilized and industrious
world shall support a nation of idlers, and
receive in return nothing but positive injury
to person and property; the taxpayer to toil
forever for a set of miserable, thieving, mur-
derous vagabonds who openly'avow an utter
contempt for all industry, honesty, decency,
and every form of civilization 1 1 believe in
affording equal protection to all and visiting
like penalties upon all; and if Indians cannot
endure this they must perish, as they are and
have been perishing for two hundred years
under the old policy.
It is idle now to talk of massing this peo-
ple, setting a military guard over them to pre-
vent contact with whites, and relying upon one
set of Indians who could never civilize them-
selves to elevate the character of those who
may be brought in from the back country.
There will be contact, and when in violation
of law, always with inferior or vicious men.
" Forever'' appears in nearly all of the treaties
setting apart reservations. That means until
white men want the lands, or rather, the ob-
stacle removed. Such has been the practical
interpretation of that word in such connections,
and it had just as well be passed into a legal
definition. It is amazing that the Government
has progressed so little in regard to the man-
agement of the Indians. It has recently gone
to the greatest extreme in fostering the notion
to which I have alluded. Congress by positive
enactment declares that no citizen shall have
redress against an Indian for any robbery or
depredation, and a fund is provided to prose-
cute the said citizen for an attempt at reclama-
tion or reprisal. One of these favorites can
walk olf with a settler's property in broad
daylight, in the presence of witnesses, and
the next hour draw his annuity, and the law
says there shall be no deduction, no remedy.
They are the aristocrats of the country, and
sustained in their pretensions by a mawkish
sentimentality which accepts open defiance
of law and the gallant appropriation of other
people's property as an evidence of nobility.
If an humble homesteader rises to a point
of order when his scalp is attempted, he is
adjudged vulgar.
It is the glory of the British Government
that it exercises such jealous care and acts
with such energetic promptitude in matters
affecting its subjects, protecting them in their
persons and their rights in all. countries and
under all circumstances. The expedition
against KingTheodore is afineexample. The
United States extinguishes by purchase, the
so-called Indian title to the public lands,
surveys those lauds, and by public statute,
circulars from the Departments, and through
the press of the Union, invites all—the citizen
of this country who may have some idea of
the peril, and the citizen of the Old World
who has none—to go and occupy those lands ;
yet, throughout a vast extent of our territory,
this invitation is to a feast of blood. It is
admitted, too, that settlers have a right to be
there, and that the Indian has not. '
It is not to the credit of any Government
that a citizen cannot pursue a lawful avoca-
tion in a lawful manner anywhere within its
jurisdiction. But recently rations seem to be
increased in proportion to the enormity and
frequency of the offenses, which I regard as
but a recognition of and a premium upon
idleness, crime, and barbarism. These gra-
tuities, as a mere matter of subsistence, do
no permanent good, and many bands are
poorer to-day than they were before they had
received a farthing. They thank no one, but
accept all as their due; work no more, but
hunt less. But the feeding must go on ; and
when public faith and patience are exhausted
with the names of Oncpapa, Minneconjou,
Sans Arc, &c., the more convenient general
designation of "Tetoh" is adopted; and like
a representation of the Forty Thieves by a thin
company in a cheap' theater, these worthies
march to the "double-quick," drawing a ra-
tion every time they come around. Some of
these rations may be drawn constructively.
While speaking of policies and management,
it may not be improper to mention the unre-
strained liquor-drinking by Indians who visit
this capital. They are "wined" by high
public functionaries, and any saloon in the
city sells whisky to them without let or hin-
derance, and nothing is so common during cer-
tain seasons as to see drunken Indians on Penn-
sylvania avenue. This flagrant and shameless
violation of the law is at the nation's capital,
the headquarters of civilization, Christianity,
churches, and chimes! And yet it is expected
that the intercourse law will be rigidly en-
forced in this regard on the frontier, after the
Indians have become" besotted and debauched
here. What is habitually done in Washington
with perfect impunity would visit a fine and
imprisonment, upon the offender in any of the
western States or Territories.
I am not surprised, Mr. Speaker, that these
"chiefs" or kings should resist the passage
of this or any similar bill. Their own estab-
lishments would be somewhat reduced, and
their dignity, consequence, and perquisites
diminished. The lines of succession and even
the thrones of these ancient monarchies might
be endangered. Their importance is attacked
whenever any mode of settling controversies
is proposed except through their own internal
police (Jr physical force.
But, Mr. Speaker, the day is near at hand
when a government in harmony with the gen-
eral civil establishment and the institutions of
the country will be set over this people. Such
an obstacle in the highway of commerce, such
a bar to general, free, and safe intercourse
among the American people, will not be per-
mitted to remain indefinitely. It takes no gift
of prophecy to see that. It is but history re-
peating itself, and the result is as certain as
the revolutions ol' the earth.
Colorado Territory.
SPEECH OF HON. C. N. POTTER,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House op Repkesestatives,
January. 1G, 1873.
Tho House having under consideration the bill
(ii. R. No. 148) to enable the people of Colorado to
form a constitution and State government-
Mr. POTTER said:
Mr. Speaker: It wasupon my motion thatthe
general enactment providing that no State shall
be admitted into the Union without a population
equal to the average quota required for a Rep-
resentative in Congress was added to .the ap-
portionment bill in the last session of Congress.
This general and most wise provision will by
itself exclude Colorado from admission as a
State for a long time to come. Doubtless
Congress has the power to repeal that pro-
vision ; doubtless it may, notwithstanding that
provision, admit Colorado now, and thus do
away with this general provision of law so far as
Colorado is concerned. But why should that
provision be repealed for Colorado? What
is there in the circumstances of this Territory
that should make it an exception to so wise, a
rule?
By the last census that Territory had not
the one hundred and thirty-three thousand
people this general law makes a prerequisite
to admission, but less than forty thousand pop-
