1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
is the Secretay of the Navy, with his eonstitu-
iKHmi. legal, and proper advisers ; and thirdly,
i sa> (and having the same object in view
thai the Senator from California and the Sen-
ior from Kentucky have, I trust it will have
hO'iie effect upon them and upon Senators) I
hope ibis country will not adopt the policy in
torpedo matters, or in any other matters con-
cerning the national defense, of waiting until
all other countries and all other peoples are
satisfied which is the best.
When the propeller was introduced into this
country for the first time, did we wait until a-
commission should decide which was the best?
No, sir 5 four or five vessels were ordered to
oe tiuilr, us experiments by different gentlemen
n tlie Navy who advocated different plans;
one the Ericsson propeller, one an English
propeller, one a steam propeller, one a Hun-
terpropeller, all different in construction; and
one out of the five turned out to be better than
the others, and that became a model in the
Navy.
What is the use of navy-yards? It was as-
serted all around in the debate oil the appro-
priation for building vessels for the Navy that
thev could be built cheaper and as well at
private yards; but the private yards do not
try these experiments. You cannot get a
private yard to find out how fast a vessel will
go, ot a certain tonnage, with a certain pro-
peller, and a certain engine. Those things it
is ibe proper province and duty of your Navy
Department to do; and just as those experi-
ments are tried by the Navy Department, and
the best is adopted, so the same policy should
be pursued in regaid to this new system of
defense by torpedoes. It must be done in
that way, and can be done in no other; and I
can only say that I think the gentlemen who
oppose this little appropriation will before
long regret that the appropriation had not
been much larger.
Mr. President, I am called away to attend a
meeting of a committee which is waiting for
me to commence its session, and I have a
little amendment to offer to this bill, which, il
the Senate will allow me to offer it now, is one
to which no one can possibly object, and thus
I shall be enabled to attend to the duties of
the committee to which I am called. I there-
fore ask unanimous consent to offer the amend-
ment. It has nothing to do with the subject
now pending, and I think can be objected to
by nobody in the Senate. It is on page 14
of the bill, under the heading "Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery," line three hundred
and thirty-three, after the word "dollars'' to
insert: .
And provided. That the fact that the chief of the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery may be placed on
the retired list by operation of law shall not be con-
strued to require his retiremontfor that reason irooi
said offiee before the expiration of his term.
I will state briefly that by the act creating
the bureaus in the Navy Department, which
creates a Bureau of Yards and Docks, a
Bureau of Equipment and Navigation, a
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, and many
others, the chiefs of the bureaus hold their
office for the term oi four years. They are
civil officers. They are the advisers and the
aids of the Secretary ; you might say his cab-
inet. They are all civil officers. It truns out
in practice that the head of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery being appointed usually
from nearly the head of the list, after a few
months' service the age of sixty-two comes
along and takes him away in the middle ot
his usefulness. .
It is my own opinion ana the general opm-
ion that the retiring law does not interfere
with that office. It is a civil appointment
for four years to attend to that bureau; but
there is a difference of opinion on the sub-
ject. The amendment which I now offer has
met the approval of the Secretary of the Navy,
and was sent by him to the Naval Committee,
and I offer it on the part of" that committee,
by their authority. It does not vote a single
dollar out of the Treasury. On the contrary,
it rather relieves the Treasury by not calling,
every few months, a new person unacquainted
with the business to the head of that bureau,
but permits him to remain there four years,
until the end of his term. I ask that this
amendment be added to the bill. I think there
can be no objection to it.
The PRES ID ING OFFICER. The amend-
ment can be received only by unanimous con-
sent at this time. Is there objection?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I prefer that the amend-
ments of the committee shall first be gone
through with, and this amendment can be
brought up again.
Mr. STOCKTON. This amendment comes
from a committee. I gave no notice of it,
only because as it contained no appropriation,
notice was not necessary, and the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, to whom
I showed it the day I was authorized to offer
it, accepted it. There is no objection to it,
and it is an amendment from a committee.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will say to the Senator
that I will offer it after the committee'samend-
ments have been gone through with.
Mr. STOCKTON. That is entirely satis-
factory.
Mr. MACHEN. Mr. President, I am not the
Senator from Kentucky to whom the Senator
from New Jersey alludes in regard to this
difference of opinion. I regret that my col-
league is not present. I have no doubt it
would have been a matter of pleasure to him
to receive the instruction which he would have
gathered had he been here, from the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.] I do not,
hovever, exactly admit that the Senator is
correct in his instruction. It might be that
my colleague, if present, would consider him-
self somewhat better calculated perhaps to
become preceptor than pupil, and I should
not entirely concede the fact that he would
be in error if he did so undertake.
It may be that the wisdom of Senators is
entirely unequal to the grappling of sucli^ a
proposition as this ; but if it be unequal to it,
where will you go to find the wisdom to grap-
ple with it? A Senator on the other side of
the Chamber a little while ago stated that it
could not be subjected to scientific investiga-
tion ; and if it is not safe to rely on scientists
on this proposition, and the Senator from
New Jersey says the Senate cannot compre-
hend and grapple with it, where shall we go?
I presume it is to be subjected to the Secretary
of the Navy and a naval board organized un-
der his jurisdiction; and how are they to
decide it? Is it upon scientific principle or is
it upon experiment that they are to decide
upon the correct policy in the construction of
these torpedo-boats ? What has been the fruit
of experiment heretofore? A great many
suggestions have been made; experiments
have been made; and yet, notwithstanding
they have been occasionally successful, the
experiments have been unsatisfactory.
Why, sir, in the progress of the war an ex-
periment was made in the harbor of Charles-
ton by which it was understood that all ves-
sels of war were to be blown outof water,
and that a single torpedo vessel itself sub-
merged would accomplish the defense of that
harbor. It looked exceedingly plausible;
some experiments were successful; but when
the time came to test it the submarine boat
went to the bottom of the ocean; and there
it lies to-day for aught I know with all on
board of it.
What do you propose here? Not to build
one vessel, but, according to the statement of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, to build many small vessels that are to
cost but httle money, to try an experiment.
Had you not better commence upon a small
scale? You have thus far had ten years
experience on the subject, and yet you have
arrived at no conclusion ; and nqw it is pro-
posed here to-day to put into the bands of the
Navy Department $150,000 to build torpedo-
boats in order to test further the principle as
to the success of this mode of defense.
I have no objections to a fair experiment. • I
have no objection that you shall adopt the
method necessary to accomplish a correct test,
and one that can be relied upon; but where
are you to get the information ? It has to
be obtained by experiment, and experiment
alone. Is it necessary to expend $150,000 in
order to make these experiments ? No, sir, not
a dollar. If it ever should become necessary,
let it be expended after we have ascertained
ihe best propelling vessel that can be con-
structed for the accomplishment of the pur-
pose; let us decide whether it is to ride on
the surface of the water or to go under the
water to accomplish its work. If you first
decide upon what the character of the vessel
shall be, is not one sufficient to make a test
that shall come to the Senate and commend
itself to its consideration, and thereafter ap-
propriations can be made commensurate with
the objects to be accomplished ? It strikes
me so.
I did not intend to discuss this question ; but
my colleague wns called out of the Chamber,
and I did not deem that his teacher was ex-
actly competent to the task he undertook. He
may be a fine instructor upon many things. I
think upon general politics I should very
readily adhere to what he might dictate ; but
when il comes to naval architecture, when it
comes to that character of proposition which
absolutely requires scientific information, and
he disavows the practicability of applying
science to it, I distrust his teaching; and 1
believe that my colleague from Kentucky is a
better preceptor. Why? Because he wants to
travel slowly where the ground upon which he
is treading has not heretofore been explored.
Is not that the policy of the United States?
Wherefore should you drive the Goverumen t
at this time into heavy expenditures ? Is it
that you anticipate desolation in any of your
harbors? Is it that you expect invasion of the
harbors in any portion of the United States?
Not at all. A small experiment might accom-
plish all that is desired by anybody here—not
a small experiment, because it would become
very grand if it turned out that it was a suc-
cess, and if it is not asuceess, the less we have
of it the better.
'But I presume, when the Secretary of the
Navy comes to the investigation of this sub-
ject, he will want to bring science to bear upon
it. If he does not, he might just about as well
turn it over to me and let me try my hand upou
it, I would not go to work by science, but I
would go to work with such observation as 1
had ; I would take the experience of the past
and the results of the past, and I would let
them direct me for the future ; and I think it
is likely I should come about as near to a cor-
rect landing as the Senator from New Jersey
did. , ,
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, the destruct-
ive power of the torpedo is an ascertained fact.
The fact, also, that that discovery has not yet
been perfected is well understood, Ihese two
facts being understood, first, that the destruct-
ive power of the torpedo is ascertained, and
next that the discovery is not yet in perfec-
tion, that it has not reached that point of per-
fection, in truth, which makes it a safety even
in the hands of those who attempt to use it,
they should be considered by the Senate in
acting on the amendment now before it.
The honorable Senator who was last upon the
floor has stated that a single experiment will
be sufficient to demonstrate all that science
has to give out in this discovery, and that
that being the fact, $150,000 is a suin far
beyond the necessities of the oase. sup-
pose that the Government should go forward
under tfys appropriation and expend forty or
fifty thousand dollars in a single experiment
in regard to a torpedo, while that experiment
might show an advance upon the knowledge
