1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Colorado Territory—Mr. Potter.
Ho. of Reps.
ulation ; and I hold in my hand a letter from
a former Delegate in Congress, Mr. A. A. Brad-
ford, in which he tells me that the Territory
has not now over sixty thousand population,
and that it is not the wish of the people in his
section of the Territory that it should be
admitted. I read from that letter:
" i learn that the Committee on the Territories con-
templates reporting a bill providing for the admis-
sion of Colorado with a degree, of latitude from
Wyoming annexed. Now, we of western Colorado
are opposed to the measure; we are not anxious to
become a State at present, and we are decidedly
opposed to annexation from the north. The state-
ment said to have been made-to t.he committee that
Colorado has a population of one hundred thousand
is a misrepresentation; we have not to-day more
than, sixty-five thousand, and probably not sixty
thousand."
Indeed there does not appear to be anything
exceptional in the condition of Colorado to
make her admission now important. Her
population is far too scant to bear easily the
burden and cost growing out of a State gov-
ernment. It is insisted that she is rapidly
increasing in population. But all small States
may have a relatively rapid increase in popu-
lation without great actual gain of numbers.
It will be years probably, for the growth of
these mining Territories is uncertain, before
Colorado will have the average population re-
quired for a Representative in this House ;
and if representation in this House was alone
to be considered she might well be left to wait
for admission' as a State until she had such
population.
But there are objections to the admission of
Colorado vastly more serious than this. Ob-
jections arising from the representation she
will then be entitled to in the Senate and the
injustice that representation would work to
most of the existing States.
The gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Lowe]
tells us that when we of the large States com-
plain of the disproportionate representation
the small States have ih the Senate, we com;
plain of the compromises of the Constitution.
But surely there are no compromises in the
Constitution in respect of the admission of
Colorada. There were compromises in regard
of the admission of Delaware, of Rhode
Island, and of all the small States existing at
the titfie when the Constitution was framed ;
but there are no compromises in the Constitu-
tion in regard of the admission of subsequent
States. That is a matter left to the discretion
of Congress, to be exercised as Congress may
see fit, and which it seems to me has been
heretofore often most unwisely exercised.
Congress has indeed admitted since the
Government was established several small
States—I mean States then and still with
small population—notably during the great
slavery agitation, when the pro-slavery and
the anti-slavery parties were contending for
the control of Government, and were each
in turn quick to admit States into the Union
in order that by the aid of the votes thus added
in the Senate they might control the Senate
and the country.
But, sir, the condition of things which led
to the compromises of the Constitution at the
time'of the admission of the original States
has passed away. Instead of thirteen States
of meager population scattered along the At-
lantic seaboard, separated from each _ other
in respect of means of intercommunication by
weeks of time, different in origin, different in
habits, different in interests, the country has
gradually grown to thirty-seven States, rich,
prosperous, powerful; bound together by
every facility of interconveyance and inter-
communication, so that the country is gradu-
ally coming to be, in its physical relations, one
concentrated, united, homogeneous whole.
First the steamboat, then the railway, anally
the telegraph has so knit this whole Union
together that to-day one can go from this
Capitol to the remotest States, even to the
Pacific, in the time required when the Consti-
tution was framed to go to New York, while
communication from one end of the land to
the other is now daily and instantaneous.
Thus it is that the country is wholly superior
in its consolidation', in its unity, in its homo-
geneousness to the country as it existed eighty
years ago.
As a result of these physical changes, and
beyond them of the abolition of slavery, and
other changes growing out of the war, it liap-
pens now that Congress deals every year more
and more, not merely with the political rights
of States, not merely with general questions
of legislation affecting the whole country, but
with questions of local and particular govern-
ment. And, sir, it is a significant fact, in
view of the growth of the power and range
of congressional control and the equality the
States great and small have in representation
in the Senate, that a belt of country beginning
at Boston and ending at the west line of Mis-
souri, a belt of country averaging not more
than four hundred miles wide, holds a majority
of all the people of the United States. Bight
States of this Union—New York, Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Ken-
tucky, and Massachusetts—contained by the
last census a population of 19,290,155, being
a clear majority of all the people of the Uni-
ted States, whether in the States or the Ter-
ritories. And the population in these eight
States increases in the aggregate faster than
in all the rest of the country. These eight
States contain not only a majority of the pop-
ulation of the United States, but, as my col-
league [Mr. Roberts] has indicated, a very
large majority of its wealth, (excluding un-
occupied land,) a very large majority of its
manufactures, a very large majority of its
agricultural products; in short, a very large
majority of the trade, the capital, and the
development of these whole United States and
their Territories are all to be found within
the eight States I have named. So that, to-
day if those States should from any cause
resolve to go out of this Union they would
go out of it with success and break it up,
because they have the power to go out of
it, just as the South failed to go out of the
Union because it had not the power to go out.
Yet these eight States, holding a majority of
the population, the wealth, and the produc-
tion of the United States, what is their repre-
sentation in the other branch of the national
Legislature ? It is but sixteen members out
of seventy-four, proposed by this bill to be
reduced to sixteen out of seventy-six. In the
Senate to-day, be it remembered, a majority
of the population, the wealth, the power of
the country is represented by sixteen Senators,
while in this same body fifty-eight Senators,
more than three fourths of the whole, and
therefore able to control its legislation, repre-
sent a minority of people, a minority of the
wealth, a minority of the population, a minor-
ity of the production and power of the Uni-
ted States. And yet gentlemen call this a
popular Government! Why, sir, there never
was a more absurd Government, having regard
to special legislation, than this same Govern-
ment of the United States, in whicha minority
of the people, represented by fifty-eight Sen-
ators, control more than three fourths of one
body of the Legislature.
Mr. Speaker, when the question of the ad-
mission of small States was discussed in the
Convention which framed the Constitution,
Alexander Hamilton said that but for shock-
ing the public sense he would favor the abo-
lition of all State lines. He saw no reason but
that of. the public sentiment for retaining
them. But he never then foresaw how much
more grossly than in his time the equal State
representation in the Senate would work in-
justice to the larger Stages. For, as I have
said, the condition of things which then ex-
isted has passed away; not only are there
now no such reasons as then' existed for the
compromise in favor of the small States then
made, but the States have become 'consol-
idated, the country has grown together, lias
grown homogeneous, and our legislation here
growing with these changes, deals not only
with general, but with local and special mat-
ters. To-day upon every bill introduced to
protect a particular industry, to dig' out a har-
bor, to improve a river, to build a post office,
to establish a customhouse, or grant a sub-
sidy, the two Senators from Nevada, with but
forty-five thousand population, will have as
much voice in the Senate, and as much control,
and as much power as the two Senators
from New York, representing a population of
some forty-five hundred thousand, that is, a
population one hundred times greater than that
of Nevada; or the two Senators from Penn-
sylvania, representing a population of some
thirty-five hundred thousand, or more than
eighty times greater.
Surely, Mr. Speaker, this is a condition of
things which ought not to be made worse than
now. Indeed it is a condition of things which,
cannot a very great while continue. For exactly
as you centralize the Government, exactly as
Congress year by year reaches down to private
legislation, exactly as it draws to itself all the
powers of Government, just in that degree
will the evil arising from this injustice in the
repreisentation in the upper House increase.
That this injustice has not been more felt
before has been owing to the restricted range
of Federal legislation in the past, and to the
disposition that men have'to hold on to forms
and practice after the reason for them has
ceased. Not that I wish to see the Senate
abolished ; not that I would have legislation
conducted by one body. All my experience,
all my feelings are iu favor of two legislative
bodies, one a check upon the other; in favor
of a Senate with a more permanent tenure
of office and less direct responsibility to the
people than prevail in the popular branch of
the Congress. But if we are not to return to
the rights of States and to the narrow limits of
Federal legislation that formerly prevailed—
and I fear we are not to so return, for revolu-
tions do not go backward, and the physical
conditions of the country all favor centraliza-
tion—then it will be the interest of the great
States to insist on some more equal repre-
sentation in the Senate, in case this growth
and increase in the range of congressional
legislation is to go on.
Meantime it is because I am in favor of the
rights of States that I oppose the injustice to
existing States that must result from the intro
ductiou of such a body as Colorado into the
Union.
I know that it is sometimes thought that the
equal representation of the small and large
States is necessary to prevent encroachment
by the large States on the rights of the smaller;
but the truth, as it seems to me, is that there
can be no combinations by the great States
against the weak. The weak States are scat-
tered in different parts of the country, con-
tiguous to large States, and so bound up in
interest with the great States adjacent that a
combination of the great States against the
weak is impracticable. It has never been
proposed heretofore, and the possibility of it
becomes each year from the growth and con-
solidation of the country more and more
remote.
But beyond that there are other considera-
tions, growing out of the action of the past
few years, bearing on this question. I fefer
now to the action of the Senate in regard of'
the tenure-of-office bill. Some years ago Con-
gress passed a bill as a check upon President
