1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
thing beneficial to the Government; but I say
again this provision is for the purchase of a
right, and whose right is it? It is a right to
something. When you purchase that particu-
lar right, does it exclude all others? You ap-
propriate $150,000 for the purchase of that
particular right, and where other rights are
concerned of equal value you have to buy
them, I presume, on the same principle that
you buy this one.
What is it contemplated that this $150,000
is to p. rchase? The fights of all the invent-
ors of torpedoes or things of that kind ? Or
is it for the purchase of one right? There
is no qualification or limitation, but it is an
appropriation of $150,000 for the purchase
of a right. We know what that means. It is
a limited sum, it is true; but it is seldom
that the officers of the Government, having no
limitation upon their power, particularly in
legard to things of this kind, will not apply
the whole sum of money that is appropriated.
Now, Mr. President, this being for the pur-
chase of a right, 1 want to know whose right
ir is, to begin with; if it is for the purchase of
three or four rights, let us know whose they
are. If it is for the purpose of purchasing a
right to be ascertained in the future, it is time
in the future to attend to that matter when
ttiat right is once established against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. One hundred
and fifty thousand dollars for experiments in
these matters is a very different thing from the
purchase of a right. I want to know whose
right you propose to buy or who is to bo com-
pensated for scrvice and labor in this way?
It it is for experimenting let it go so and let
the bill so read, and then we shall under-
stand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,] to
add the words "or so much thereof as may
be necessary."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend by
'nserting after the word "boats" in line one
hundred and thirty-nine the words "orthe
best self propelling submerged torpedo;" so
that the amendment will then read:
For the purchase of the right to manufacture and
use the best self-propelling torpedo-boats, or the
best self-propelling submerged torpedo, capable of
being guided and operated from a vessel, boat, or
the sliore, $150,000.
Leaving the choice to the Navy Department
after these experiments are made.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment ot the Com-
mittee on Appropriations as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 10, line two hun-
dred and twenty, to strike out "nine" and in-
sert "five" before "thousand," making the
total appropriation for civil establishments at
the navy-yard at Kittery, Maine, under the
head of Bureau of Yards and Docks, $5,900,
instead of $9,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on_page 10, line
two hundred and twenty-four, in the appro-
priations for civil establishments at the navy-
yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts, under the
head of Bureau of Yards and Docks, to reduce
the appropriation for assistant to civil engineer
from $1,800 to $1,500; and in line two hun-
dred and thirty-one, to reduce the total amount
from $12,700 to $8,400.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page'10, line
two hundred and thirty-three, in the appropri-
ation for civil establishment at the navy yard
at Brooklyn, New York, under the head of
Bureau of Yard and Docks, to reduce the ap-
propriation for assistant to civil engineer from
$1,800 to $1,500; and in lines two hundred
and forty and two hundred and forty-one, to
reduce the total amount from $12,600 to
$9,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, lines
two hundred and forty-four and two hundred
and forty-five, in the appropriations for civil
establishment at the navy-yard at Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, under the head of Bureau
of Yards and Docks, to strike out the words
"for assistant civil engineer, $1,800;" and
in line two hundred and forty-nine, to reduce
the total amount from $10,700 to $5,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, lines
two hundred and filt.y-six and two hundred
and fifty-seven, to reduce the total amount of
appropriations for civil establishment at the
navy-yard at Washington, District of Columbia,
under the head of Bureau of Yards and Docks,
from $9,900 to $6,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, lines
two hundred and sixty-three and two hundred
and sixty-four, to reduce the total amount of
appropriations for civil establishment at the
navy-yard at Norfolk, Virginia, under the head
of Bureau of Yards and Docks, from $7,400
to $5,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, line
two hundred and sixty-nine, to reduce the total
amount of appropriations for civil establish-
ment at the navy-yard at Pensacola, Florida,
under the head of Bureau of Yards and
Docks, from $5,100 to $3,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, lines
two hundred and seventy-seven and two hun-
dred and seventy-eight, to reduce the total
amount of appropriations for civil establish-
ment at the navy-yard at Mare Isiand, Cali-
fornia, under the head of Bureau of Yards
and Docks, from $10,675 to $6,925.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 12, lines
two hundred and eighty-one and two hundred
and eighty-two, in the appropriations for civil
establishment at the naval station at League
Island, Pennsylvania, under the head of Bureau
of Yards and Docks, to strike out the words
" clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk,
$1,500;" and in line two hundred and eighty-
two, to reduce the total amount from $5,800 to
$2,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, lines
two hundred and ninety-five, two hundred and
ninety-six, and two hundred and ninety-seven,
to strike out the woids "making, in all,
$6,828; for the naval asylum at Philadel-
phia;" and in lines three hundred and four
and three hundred and five, to increase the
total amount appropriated for civil estab-
lishment at the naval asylum at Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, under the head of Bureau of
Yards and Docks, from $51,650 to $58,478.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, line
three hundred and twenty-four, after the word
"packing-boxes" to insert "and for contin-
gent expenses of yards and docks, not exceed-
ing $40,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that lines three
hundred and twenty-seven and three hundred
and twenty-eigbt be stricken out. That item
is provided for above. These lines are: '1 for
contingent expenses of yards and docks,
$40,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These lines
will be regarded as stricken out if there be no
objection. The Secretary will resume the
reading of the bill.
The reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was on page 15, line three hundred
and thirty-seven, under the head of Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery, to reduce the appro-
priation for necessary repairs of naval labora-
tory, hospitals, and appendages, including
roads, wharves, cemeteries, &c., from $30,000
to $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to. (
The next amendment was on page 16, line
three hundred and seventy-three, after the
words "at the navy-yard" to strike out the
words "Portsmouth, New Hampshire," and
insert "Kittery, Maine."
The amend tnent was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 16, line
three hundred and eighty-one, to reduce the
appropriation for contingent expenses of the
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery from $30,000
to $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 21, line
four hundred and ninety-two, after the word
"for" to strikeout " purchase of" and.insert
" completing;" so as to read, " for completing
five pairs of compound engines and accompa-
nying boilers," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 24, line
five hundred and sixty, in the appropriations
for the Naval Academy to increase the appro-
priation for pay of three seamen, in depart-
ments of seamanship, from $340 50 each to
$349 50 each ; and in lines five hundred and
sixty-six and five hundred and sixty-seven, to
increase the total amount appropriated from
$58,549 to $58,576.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 24, after
line five huudred and seventy-seven, in the
appropriations for the Naval Academy, to
insert "for contingent expenses, $64,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The last amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 2-4, after line
five hundred and seventy-eight, to insert the
following;
That from and after tho 30th day of Junc, 1873, the
term of the classes in the Naval Acadcmy at Annap-
olis shall bo six yoars, instead ot four, as now pro-
vided by law, and this provision shall first apply to
the class entering tho Acadomy in the yoar 1873, and
to all subsequent classes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk concluded the reading of
the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have an amendment
that I propose to offer in behalf of the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] to insert
on page 14, at the end of line three hundred
and thirty-three, the following:
And provided. That the fact that tho chief of the
Bureau of Mcdicine and Sarsery may be placed on
the retired list by operation of law shall not bo con-
strued to requiro his retirement for that reason from
said office beforo the expiration of his term.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
amendment explained. What does it mean ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. This amendment was pro-
posed by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton,] who is forced to be absent on a
committee of the Senate. It comes from the
Secretary of the Navy, who is desirous that it
shall prevail. The Committee on Appropria-
tions are unaware of any reasons for it other
than those urged by the Senator from New
Jersey at the time he submitted it to the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from New
Jersey offered this amendment, and withdrew
it pending another, and it is offered now by
the Senator from Rhode Island at his request.
The Senator from New Jersey explained this
amendment to me and requested me once to
offer it for him. It met with the entire ap-
proval of the Department. The head of this
