18TB.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrliOBE.
11
42d.Cong....3d Sess.
District .Affairs—Mr. Roosevelt.
Ho. of Rbps.
pass bills similar to this, and the principle
now contended for has been approved by
both Houses of Congress.
The Bouse Committee of Claims in the
Forty-First Congress made a report in favor
of paying-Massachusetts and Maine interest on
their was claims of 1812, from which I make
the &llowing extract:
■ ''Theclaim for interest has received the sanction
of the following committees of this House, namely:
Select Committee on the Defenses of the North-
eastern frontier, Report N o. 119, first session Thirty-
EightluCongress. The Committee on Military Affairs
at the last session of the Fortieth Congress agreed
upon a report in its favor, butwasunaole to submit ifc
to the House by the application of the rules. The
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate have
three times reported favorably upon it. (See Senate
bills 157, second session Thirty-Ninth Congress; 45,
first session Fortieth Congress; and 232, first session
Forty-First Congress.")
The questions involved in this bill have been
heretofore very fully discussed when the bills
for the relief of Maryland and Massachusetts
were before Congress ; and for ready refer-
ence see Congressional Grlobe, volume thirty-
six, part three, 1857-58, pages 2539 to 2541,
and part five, second session Forty-First Con-
gress, pages 4688 to 4692, in the House, and
in the Senate, part six, second session, Forty-
First Congress, pages 5293 to 5296. And to
show the views of some of the leading mem-
bers of CoDgress, I beg to make some brief
extracts from their speeches.
In the Senate, May 31, 1858, Mr. Iverson,
speaking of the rule which had been adopted
in the Maryland bill, said :
" It was done in the case of Alabama. I desire to
apply the same rule to all the States. It is just,
equitable, and proper, if you apply it to two States,
that you snail give it to all."
• Mr. Benjamin said :
" My State has no interest in this question; but I
do think that justice requires that the adjustment
of these accounts with the States should be made
all upon the, same footing, and as it has already
been made on this footing with the States of Mary-
land and Alabama, I cannot conceive why South
Carolina should be made an exception, or any other
State which has had accounts to adjust with the
General Government."
And in reply to Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fessenden
said: ,
"Mr. Fessenden. The Senator from "Virginia, if
he would t&Ke the pains to read the amendment,
would "see that it is not open to theobjectipnshe has
stated. It does not provide, if I read it rightly, lor
the payment of any interest to a State, m any ease
whatever, where interest has not been allowed here-
tofore: It does not make any new, claim in that
respect. The whole amount of it is simply this: the
Treasury, as I understand, has adopted the rule
that where a certain amount of debt is owing to a
State, and a certain amount of interest has accumu-
lated on that debt, and where the principal thus
owing hears interest, and the interest thus owms
does not, if the claim is paid in part, they apply
that part payment to the principal which bears
interest, instead of to the interest which does not,
thus reversing the rule which exists m every btate
in the Union, and operating most unjustly toward
the States themselves. For instance,, suppose a debt
is due to a State, which debt bears interest, and by
the law at the same time there is an amount ol
interest accumulated upon it which does dot bear
interest—let us call one $50,000 and the other $30,000,
the $50,000 bearing interest and the $35,000 not
bearing interest. The Government, m these circum-
stances, instead of paying the whole, pay upjjso.ooo.
Then, instead of applying it to the amount which
does not bear interest against the Government, and
which the State has paid, they apply it to the prin-
cipal, reducing the claim which bears interest to
$20 000 and leaving the State to lose its interest on
$30,000. it. ... ,
" Mr. Toombs. It is worse than that.
" Mr Fessendex. That is bad enough, lhe pro-
vision'is in regard to all these claims wlneh the
States have where the United States will not pay
accumulating interest, as they ought to do, that the
partial payment shall first go to sink the interest
that is due. If a man owes me money, and interest
has been accumulating year after year which he has
failed to pay, and especially if I am in debt for it.
as is very often the case with, the States, he ought
to indemnify mo; but the rule adopted by the
Treasury is worse than that. They say they will not
only*not indemnify me and leave me to pay my
interest, but when they do make a payment it shall
noteo to sink the interest, but to sink the principal,
feaving the interest to stand. That is unjust. It
docs £§t applY in the ease of any pmateelaim any-
where but has been arbitrarily adopted by the
Counting officers of the Treasury. In the case of
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 2.
Maryland, which was precisely similar, Maryland
remonstrated, and at the last session Congress said
that account should he adjusted upon proper prin-
cipals—the same principles that exist in evory Srate
of the Union between man and man; tbat wbure
principal and interest arc due, and the Go\ ernraent
paid any part, that payment should be applied io
theinterest first; if it paid it off, very well; if it
overbalanced it, the balance should be so much
toward the principal. This was on the common,
ordinary principles of justice."
Again, iu February, 1859, Senator Iverson,
chairman of the Committee an Claims, afler
quoting section twelve of the act of 1857, pro-
viding for the settlement with Maryland, and
which is incorporated in, this bill, said:
"This provision was applied by that act to the
State of Maryland, and under it the accounts of that
State were reopened and readjusted at the Treasury
Department, and she was paid back, if I remember
aright, the sum of- $272,000. The amendment which
I now propose simply puts all the States precisely
oil the footing that the act of 1857 put the State of
Maryland. It is just and proper thai the rale, if
applied to one State, should be applied to all; and
the rule is itself just and proper. Heretofore the
mode of calculating interest at the Treasury Depart-
ment has been the old one which was in vogue some
half century or century ago, and which has long
since been exploded in every civilized country.
They calculated th'e interest upon the principal up
to the time of the settlement, and they calculated
interest upon the various payments up to the time
of the settlement, and struck a balance. That mode
of calculating interest has been exploded in every
State in the "Union. Not a single State now adheres
to it, although it was in early days, when I was a
boy, the mode of calculating interest. The mode
now is that applied to the accounts of the State of
Maryland, first to compute interest up to the time
of the first payment, and then apply the payment
in the first plafce to the extinguishment of the inter-
est, and then apply any surplus to the extinguish-
ment of the principal, and so on of each payment
of interest. That is the principle on which the ac-
counts of Maryland have been settled, and 1 pro-
pose to apply it to all the States of the Union. It is
just and proper."
And in the same debate Mr. Fessenden
said:
'*1 wish to say a word about this proposition
because I think, when the Senate understand it
there will be no difficulty in passing it. I think
there can be no dispute about it. I advocated this
provision last year, against the opposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance; and I have
no sort of disposition to change my action because
it turns out that the State of Virginia is so largely
interested as she is." * * *
" This mode of settlement was grossly unjust, and
as great an outrage a3 anything could.be. It was
contrary to the mode in which interest is computed
between individual and individual. Maryland ap-
plied for a recomputation, and Congress passed a
law to allow it. All that is now asked is to place
every other State on the same footing—there may
be some half dozen of them—that advanced money
on the same foundation on which you placed Mary-
land, not only to do the thing equally as between
the States, but do the just thing, and pay money
which is absolutely due without any sort of aues-
tion."
The Massachusetts bill passed the Senate
July 6, 1870, (Globe, page 5296.) Mr. Davis,
of Kentucky, said:
"Mr. President, at former sessions I have voted
against this claim and have spoken against it. In
the last few weeks I have had occasion to examine
the whole subject of the debts of the United States,
and how and when interest was payable on them, and
lhe result of that investigation has brought me
deliberately to the conclusion that this claim ought
to be paid. I intend to vote for it."
Mr. Saulsbury closed his remarks by say-
ing:
" I simply wished to avow publicly that it was my
intention to vote for the bill, and I have remained
here without pairing for the purpose of openly re-
cording my vote in favor of it." .
"Mr Casserly. I heard this subject discussed
before X came into the Senate, and 1 then formed
my own opinion of the justice of this claim, &c.
" Mr Vickees. M. President, I understand that
the State of Maryland had a claim similar in its
character to that of Massachusetts; that the prin-
cipal of that claim was paid under the direction ot
Congress, and that subsequently, when application
was made for an appropriation to pay the interest,
a rule was established for the calculation of that
interest by which the claim of my tetate was paid
and settled. X understand that this rule which was
applied to Maryland is now sought to be applied to
the State of Massachusetts, and that the Senator
from Kentucky has recently made a thorough ex-
amination of the subject, and Irom that examina-
tion he is satisfied that the claim is just.
"Inasmuch as my own State received an amount
from the General Government upon the same prin-
eipl o on which Massachusetts now claims an amount,
I shall, of course, feel constrained to vote in the
affirmative."
These quotations might be extended much
further, bat they are deemed sufficient. It
cannot, therefore, be denied that the principle
of this bill has been' well vindicated by many
of the most distinguished Senators, as well as
by the votes of both Houses on several occa-
sions, find is sustained by reason and authority.
Some members, recognizing the justice of
these State claims, may still hesitate to vote
for the bill upon the ground that the Govern-
ment will have to pay a considerable amount.
I jnaintain that the question of amount is not
worthy of a moment's consideration. If the
object is to refuse to pay a just debt, if re-
pudiation is intended, then the amount may be
made the shallow pretext, but it will never
save either an individual or the Government
from the merited imputation of bad faith.
An individual may become bankrupt and a
State may become overwhelmed with debt
and unable to pay, yet the honor and good
name of the individual or of the State may
stand untarnished; but the refusal to pay
cannot with credit be defended upon the
ground of the amount if the debtor has the
means to pay. It is, therefore, no just or
proper ground of opposition to this bill that
the Government may be called on to pay a mil-
lion or two to the States upon a resettlement.
Notoniy are these claims just, but the Gov-
ernment is abundantly able to pay the whole
debt, and'the amount would scarcely be missed
from the Treasury, now overflowing with its
millions. On this subject in the Senate, Mr.
Fessenden said :
" X submit that the argument of the Senator from
Virginia is inapplicable, in any sonse of justioe and
decency to say we ought to inquire first how much
money this will amount to before we pay it. Why,
sir, what difference will it make how much money
it amounts to ? If there be more or less, the Gov-
ernment ought to pay, and pay it at onee, without
the slightest hesitation, and calculate the interest
upon proper principles.'"
And Mr. Pearce said:
" Delaware, South Carolina, Virginia, and several
other States are interested, and the amount is very
large, but X do not know that magnitude of the
obligation is any defense against ths passage of an
act for payment according to the principles of equity
which have been applied to the State of Maryland.
This is an inoonvenient time, it is true, for us to be
dunned for this money; but I think we ought, to
settle fairly, if we do nothing else. If we oannot
pay the money, we ought at least to acknowledge the
obligation."
These views are so manifestly just and cor-
rect that I will not attempt to enforce them
further.
The importance of this bill, especially to my
State, in her present financial embarrassment,
makes me very solicitous for an early consid-
eration of this subject, and must be my apol-
ogy for pressing it upon the attention of the
House.
District Affairs.
SPEECH OP HON. R. B. ROOSEVELT,
OI NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
January 24, 1873.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 3625) to amend an aot entitled "An act
governing the colored schools of tho Distriot of
Columbia"—
Mr. ROOSEVELT said:
Mr. Speaker: My motion in reference to
this bill is to substitute the Governor of the
District of Columbia in place of. the Secretary
of the Interior, and in order that gentlemen
may understand fully the importance of that
alteration and its bearing upon the affairs of
the District, I will refer for a few moments to
the organization of the government of this Dis-
