18
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
Ho. of Reps.
District Affairs—Mr. Boosevelt.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
trust m the session of 1871. Under an act of
Congress, passed early in thatyear, the govern-
ment ol the District of Columbia was changed
from its old form into an entirely new one. In
place of two municipalities and a District
directly under the charge of Congress, it was
made independent and placed under the con-
trol of a board of eleven councilors, appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and oftwenty-two dele-
gates elected by the people, and of a Board of
Vvorks of which four members were appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, and the fifth wag the
Governor of the District of Columbia, appointed
in the same way, who was ex officio a metn-
ber. The principal power in the District was
given to the Board of Works, which you will
see is a close corporation consisting of only
five members, every one of whom is appointed
and not elected, and appointed by authority
beyoudand above the District and its residents.
So that whatever might be the action of the
board, its members were not responsible to the
citizens, and however greatly they might violate
the law, the people had no power to remove
them. I ask the Clerk to read the clause of
the law by which the Board of Works was
created.
The Clerk read as follows;
Board of Public Works.
[Gfenerai Clause 69.j
"Sec.37. And be H further enarled, That theroshall
ur 'V t'ie District of Columbia a Board ol Public
Works, to consist of theGovernor, who shall be pres-
ident of said board, four persons to be appointed by
the President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent ot the Senate, one of whom shall
be a civil engineer and the others citizens and resi-
dents of the District, having the Qualifica tions of an
elector therein; one of said board shall be a citiaen
and resident of Georgetown, and one of said board
shall be a citizcn and rosident of the counts outside
ot the cities of Washington and Georgetown. They
shall hold of&ee for the term of four years unless
sooner removed by the President of tho United
Stales.
"The Board of Public W orks shall have entire con-
trol of and make all regulations which they shall
deem necessary for keeping in repair tho streets,
avenues alleys, and sewers of the city, and all other
works which may be intrusted to t.h«ir charge by the
-legislative Assembly or Congress.
" They shall disburse upon their warrant all
luoneyy appropriated by the United Slates uv the Dis-
trict, ot Columbia, or collected from propertv-hold-
ois, ui pursuance of law, for the improvement of
stieots, avenues, alleys and sewers, and roads and
bridges, and shall assess in suoli manner as shall
be prescribed by law, upon the property adjoining
and to bo especially benefited by the improvements
authorised by law and made by them, a reasonable
proportion of tho cost of the improvement, not
exceeding one third of such cost, which sum shall be
eo,Ueeted as all other taxes are collected.
"i'iioy shall make ail necessary regulations re
spectmg the construction of private buildings in
the District of Columbia, subject to the supervision
ot the Legislative Assembly."
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Under that law the
Board of Works presented to the District Legis-
lative Assembly a plan of comprehensive im-
provements for the entire District. The plar
involved the expenditureof $4,000,OOOdireetly,
and of $2,000,000 indirectly by assessments
on property-holders. The plan was specific
and detailed, giving all particulars as to the
expenditures and the character of the improve-
ments, and was duly approved by the Legisla-
ture. Other incidental sums, allowed by the
Legislative Assembly or contributed by Con
gress, swelled the amount to $7,""248,465 12,
as will be found in the report of the Board
ot Public Works made to the President this
year, page 16.
The list of the contracts entered into under
this plan is given in the same report to the
amount of $6,387,933 15, which, together with
contingencies and other incidentals not con-
tracted, monnts up to a total tif $7,086,212 87,
leaving a credit to the board of $162,000 over
and above their liabilities. On page 8 of the
same report we fiud a statement of the amount
ofwork done by this board, consisting of thirty-
four and twenty-six hundredths miles of wood
pavement, five and five hundredths miles of
round wood pavement, eighty-seven hun-
dredths miles compound pavement, and sixteen
and thirty hundredths miles of concrete pave-
ment; making a pavement of some fifty-six
miles of the most expensive character in the
streets iu the District of Columbia, the wooden
portion costing $3 50, and the concrete $3 20
per yard; in addition to which there is granite
and macadam and cobble-stone pavemeitts and
country roads, enough to make a total of one
hundred and fifteen miles, which the board
has computed and "put down at 1,892,939
yards, allowing that the streets were thirty-
two feet wide.
Here we find the first great discrepancy in
this report, and the first great and apparent
blunder or fraud ; for one hundred and fifteeu
miles of road contain more than 2,164,000
yards, showing a mistake of over 272,000
yards, which, at an expenditure of $3 CO a
yard, would make a difference of almost a
million dollars. A trivial matter possibly to
those spending the money, but quite serious to
such as have to pay it. But this is not all.
In a speech made by the vice president,
really the actual president of the board, at
Lincoln Hall in this city, in October last, is a
statement of the amount of work done on the
streets, and the amount of work being done;
that is, including' everything that this report
contains, except what might bo undertaken as
fresh work, and completed between October
3, when the speech was delivered,.and Novem-
ber 1, the date of the report. He then said
there vrere twenty and forty-one hundredths
miles completed, and twenty-one and forty-
four hundredths miles iu course of comple-
tion, making a total of only forty-one and
eighty-five hundredths miles on the 8d oi
October, while on the 1st day of November
he presents a report in which ho claims to have
finished and completed one hundred and fifteen
miles of road. In other words, there is a dis-
crepancy equal to more than the whole amount
of work then alleged to be done, unless we
can believe that while eighteen months were
required to complete forty-two miles, seventy
three miles could be begun and finished in four
weeks. In this connection I would also call
attention to another fact which is of consider-
able significance.
It was stated before the investigating com-
mittee last year, which closed its labors almost
with the close of the session, that while an
enormous quantity of concrete and wooden
pavement, was under contract, only two blocks
qf granite or stone pavement of any kind were
being laid at that time. And yet we have in
this report a statement that in the short inter-
val from June to November the board had
laid twelve miles of Belgian and granite pave-
ment, in addition to their immense other under-
takings. ■ ,
The cost of improving the streets is stated
in table twelve, which gives us the expense of
twenty-nine streets and one alley, and fur-
nishes a very fair average estimate ot the true
expenditures incurred by the board for that
purpose on the whole one hundred and fifteen
miles of streets. But in drawing deductions
I shall not take this estimate for the whole
one hundred and fifteen miles. That would
not be fair, as some are mere country roads.
I shall confine my remarks entirely to the
fifty-six miles which were laid with the most
expensive character ot pavement. ^ By these
twenty-nine streets and one alley it is apparent
that the average cost is over forty dollars a
running foot, and the fifty six miles of pave-
ment, at the same average, would involve an
outlay of $11,827,200.
Not relying entirely upon that estimate, I
have also taken the trouble to investigate
i soma of the assessments made against prop-
erty-holders in this city for the same put-
pose. Taking the amount levied upon private
property in the case of four streets aiiu one
avenue, I find that the result is substantially
the same. In other-words, that it cost $42 72
a lineal foot to lay these pavements, which
would make the amount even more than
$11,827,200 for the fifty-six miles. ihere is
still another method of ascertaining the actusI
cost of the work on the streets. At page *>&
there is an estimate of the amount required to
complete the avenues. It is headed approx-
imate estimate of the cost to complete the im-
provements of the avenues, &c., in the city ot
Washington, District of Columbia. Ihis is
not for the entire work, but only the amount
still ueoessary after a part, I cannot fceu how
much, has been done. As a consequence, there-
fore, it cannot average as high as the whole
cost of improvements, but is large enough tor
my purposes. On fifteen aveuues it foots up
$2,660,702 78, being, I dare say, slightly doc-
tored to prepare for another raid on the U uitea
States Treasury at some future time. So that
while the board claita they have only spent
about $7,000,000 in all, of which a large pro-
portion was devoted to other purposes, they
admit that fifteen avenues will cost, to com-
plete. after beiug worked on- for eighteen
months, the enormous sum of $2,660,702 78.
Now 1 have had an estimate made——I do
not pretend that it is perfectly accurate, but
it is substantially so—which computes these
roads at ten miles in length, _ Consequently the
cost of completing the fifty-six miles of streets,
on the estimate of the immaculate board itself,
would be over five times as much, without
regarding the amount not allowed for in this
calculation as being already finished and. paid
for. At that rate the fifty-six miles would cost
$14,840,000, leaving still the residue_of the
one hundred and fifteen miles to be estimated.
Take it iu any way, therefore, tl*e result is
practically the same, and each calculation
confirms the other.
The report states that their entire expend-
iture has be'en $7,080,212 87. But I have
already shown an expenditure of nearly or
quite $12,000,000, and you are also to compute
the amount for country roads, for the Belgian
pavement., for the cobblestone pavement, for
the gravel roads, none of which have I includ-
ed ; and for the other enormous expenditures
of this board, not forgetting contingencies
which appear largely and frequently. These
cannot under any circumstances fall below two
or three million dollars, and are probably more.
That sum, added to the $11,800,000, would
make fourteeu or fifteen million: dollars. As
thiJre is already existing against this District a
debt of between three and four million dollars,
you get altogether the enormous total of from
seventeen to eighteen million dollars. Incredi-
ble as this statement appears, I believe it to be
well founded; in fact, if anything, it does not
cover the full extent of these expenditures.
The matter is understated, not overstated, as
I shall proceed to show by going furtherinto
detail, and taking up the examination from
a different direction.
W e have here a list of contracts carried out,
as to amounts. There are five hundred and
sixty contracts which show the expense of
each ; but many of these contracts have been
what they call "extended;" that is, increased
in extent beyond what was originally included m
them. For instance, ifthey covered one street,
they have been extended over two or three
streets, greatly increasing the amount qf work
to be done, and of course the price to be paid.
But not one dollar is carried oot for those
" extensions;" in this whole list of contracts
not one dollar, from beginning to end, is added
for this excess of work, although the increase
must amount to millions,
I Let me refer to one of the cases as a speci-
