1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
say a word in reference to what we have done,
and the reasons for the course we have taken.
The idea seems to have gone abroad, and
to have been industriously circulated by sev-
eral papers in the country, that the course
which has been taken by the committee is
something unusual, something different from
what other committees appointed to do simi-
lar services have done. Heretofore, so far as
I kuow, Mr. Speaker, and I appeal to gentle-
men on the floor whose service has been
longer here than my own, not a case can be
found, not an instance in the history of con-
gressional proceedings, where an investigation
of this sort has ever been conducted in any-
different way, or in any more public way,
than this has been conducted by this com-
mittee.
There seems to be an industrious effort to
promulgate the idea in the country that this
committee has taken a course calculated to
cover up, to conceal whatever there may be
in reference to this matter which is true. Now,
sir, immediately on the organization of this
committee, or its appointment, we had a pre-
liminary meeting, and as it seemed this whole
matter was based on certain testimony given
by a Mr. McComb in a lawsuit pending in
Pennsylvania, we deemed him the proper man
to begin with, and as soon as we could sum-
mon him, giving him warning and a reasonable
time to come here as a witness, we commenced
our sessions, and the committee held a session
every single day from that time until Con-
gress adjourned for the holidays. We spent
every moment of time it was in our power to
spend on this subject.
Something is said—a good deal is said in
reference to its being secret. To be sure, we
have not allowed gentlemen of the press to be
present. We had never known it to be done
in any like ca3e before. We were not aware
of any reason why it should not be done in this
case more than in any other case of a similar
character before Congress.
We summoned Mr. McComb himself, upon
whose testimony these charges had been placed
before us, and Mr. McComb has been present
at every single meeting of the committee; been
allowed to have his counsel present; been
allowed himself, and by his counsel, to cross-
examine every witness who has testified. We
have had an official reporter present, who
wrote down every word that has been said by
anybody, and whenever we shall get through,
if we do get through, that testimony will be
reported to this House, Co be made just as
public as this House shall deem it proper to
make it.
Another reason, Mr. Speaker, why we
thought it proper that we should follow the
ordinary rule, instead of adopting an extra-
ordinary and a new one, was this: that the
charges that were made in this testimony of
Mr. McComb implicated not only members of
this House, who are now member* of it, but
several who have formerly been members of
this House and who are not now. It involved
also the names of several gentlemen who were
members of the other House. As I under-
stand. the rnle is parliamentary proceedings,
whenever there shall appear before a com-
mittee of one House something that reflects
upon the character of gentlemen of the other
House, is that testimony shall be transmitted
under seal to the other body, for them to deal
with in such manner as they see fit. The man-
ner in which this thing got before the public
was such that it is utterly impossible that the
committee should proceed and go through with
this inquiry without inquiripg with reference to
members of the other body, as well as with ref- j
erence to members of this body and gentle- j
men who have formerly been members of this |
House and who are not now. It therefore
seemed to us highly proper that we should
pursue the ordinary method and take the
whole testimony and have it all before us, j
and then we would be able to determine '
whether it should be reported to this House,
or whether portions of it should be sent to the
other body, before any opportunity was given
for its getting into the public prints.
I will mention another reason, Mr. Speaker,
which induced us to take the course we did.
You know very well, sir, aud every member
of this House knows, that we have only an
hour or two a day which we can spend in
committee service. We must necessarily get
at whatever facts there are to be ascertained
in reference to it by snatches, by a little each
day; and in the judgment of the committee
it was altogether better—at least we thought
so and determined so—that this testimony
should all be gathered, and should be all trans-
mitted to the House, and if it went to the
country that it should all go together, rather
than that the little we eliminated each day
should be spread by itself before the country,
and perhaps be read by persons who might
never see any more of it.
These, Mr. Speaker, are substantially the
reasons that induced the committee to take
the course that they have taken ; not to take
an extraordinary course, but to pursue the
ordinary and usual course in relation to inves-
tigations of this kind. If the House shall de-
termine that it is better this investigation should
be open to the public, why, we will accommo-
date as many of the public as we can. Our
sessions are held in a small room, into which
perhaps twenty other persons besides the com-
mittee might be got; and how much better
the public will know in reference to what takes
place there than they know now members of
the House can determine for themselves. As
one member of the committee—and I think I
speak the judgment of all its members—I
would say that it is perfectly immaterial to us.
We have as little care in reference to this as any
gentleman upon the floor can have. W e have
faithfully and honestly discharged our duty as
far as we have gone, with the intention of ascer-
taining everything there is to be known on
this subject and report it to the House. If
the House shall say that all the curious people
in the country are to have their curiosity grati-
fied by installments and in advance, very well;
it is a matter about which we feel no particu-
lar interest; certainly for one I feel no delicacy
about it. My judgment is that the course the
committee have taken upon this subject is the
just and the proper one.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. May I make an in-
quiry of the gentleman ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In the opinion of
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,]
would it not be better that the public should
have the truth by installments? The public is
getting something which it supposes is true—
the very thing the gentleman complains of—by
installments. Is it not better that the doors
should be open, that the public may get the
real truth as the investigation goes on, rather
than the garbled statements which they now
get?
Mr. POLAND. The difficulty is this: it is
embodied in the old maxim that the truth
half told is a lie.
Mr. FARN8W0RTH. The truth wholly
told is not a lie.
Mr. POLAND. The difficulty is that if the
testimony is correctly reported, why, a man
only sees a spot as big as a nail-head at a time,
and it was the judgment of the committee, and
it is mine still, that the better way would be
for all these curious people to content them-
selves until we shall have learned all there is
to learn on the subject, and they oan read the
whole at once. It the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] or anybody else is
in such haste that he cannot wait, why, let us
know it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am in no haste;
but the public seem very anxious to get at the
truth in this matter.
Mr. YOUNG. I object to further debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] proceeding, as the House has granted
him leave, but he can object to other gen-
tlemen occupying the floor.
Mr. POLAND. What I have said was not
so much for the purpose of having any effect
on the vote of the House upon this subject,
for I do not care which way the vote is, but so
much pains has been taken by some gentlemen
! to have it understood that the committee have
taken an unusual course, that they have done
something which they were not warranted in
doing, and have done it for the purpose of cov-
ering up and concealing—" whitewashing," to
use a term that has been used in the papers—
that I felt it due to make this explanation. I
say that the course the committee has taken
does not subject the committee to any criticism
of that sort; that what we have done has been
done as openly and as publicly as any investi-
gation of this kind that has ever taken place,
and that we have pursued it with an honest
endeavor to ascertain and inform the House
of all the facts in the case.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Vermont allow me a moment?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. He omitted to state, what
is perhaps a matter of some importance, that
Mr. Oakes Ames has been present all the time,
and has by himself or counsel cross-examined
those witnesses in the supposed interest of Mr.
McComb.
The committee also resolved that when-
i ever any gentleman should be involved,
either incidentally or otherwise, by the tes-
timony of any witness before the committee,
he should be notified of the fact before the
committee closed its session, shown the testi-
mony, and offered an opportunity for an ex-
planation ; and it was thought by the commit-
tee that testimony which apparently implicated
any persons should not be made public until
those persons should have an opportunity of
submitting their explanations, so that the
charges against them and their explanation
should go to the country together.
I want to say one word further. All the
clamor of the press of the country to the con-
trary, I believe the committee did right in this
matter, and I believe the House will make a
mistake if they determine otherwise; but it is
a matter wholly immaterial to me.
The SPEAKER. Before submitting the
question the Chair would beg the attention of
the House to a point of importance to himself,
and possibly to the House, hereafter. During
the raornitig hour two gentlemen offered reso-
lutions and the Chair sustained the point of
order made by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] that inasmuch as the resolu-
tions involved a suspension of the rules they
could not be entertained during the morning
hour. The gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldredge] desired that the particular rule
might be stated. The one hundred and forty-
fourth rule of the House says that " the
rules of parliamentary practice comprised in
Jefferson's Manual shall govern the House in
all cases to which they are applicable."
On the seventieth page of Jefferson's Manual
is this :
" The proceedings of a committee are not to be
published, as they are of no force till confirmed by
the House."—Manual page 70.
And one of the decisions in Barclay's DigeBt
reads thus:
" It is not in order to allude on tlie floor to any-
thing tbat haa taken place in committee, unless
by a written report sanctioned by a majority of
the committee."—Journals, 1, 26, page 418; 1, 31,
page 393.
These are the rules of the House and the
decisions thereof. It is left to the discretion
of the committee to determine what shall be
made publie.
Gentlemen get themselves confused in this
way: it is a very common thing during the
morning hour of Monday for the House to
