1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Admiral Jo. Smith was chief of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks all through the war and
for several years after, and he was on the re-
tired list all the time. The President has the
undoubted right to nominate to-day any retired
officer for the head of either of the bureaus of
the Navy Department, and I have before me
an amendment that I propose to offer to this
bill, if I ean get a chance, which will take
away that right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to having placed on the statute-book a positive
enactment of a law and then put in by some
subsequent amendment a proviso that the law
does not mean anything, if we have this law,
let it be executed, and let us not provide in
some amendment or in some sly proviso that
the law may be evaded and avoided. If we
mean to stand by the law, let it remain on the
statute-book without this sort of amendment
at the tail of it, that may make it mean much
or nothing.
Mr. S00TT. Upon the statement of the
chairman of ttie Committee on Naval Affairs,
this amendment is entirely unnecessary. He
states to us that the law is now exactly as this
amendment will make it. Heretofore it seems
it has not been deemed the policy of the Navy
Department to advise the President to exercise
this discretion of assigning officers upon the
retired list to active duty; and now, when a
case is about to occur when that policy will
again be enforced, we are to have a statute
seeming to make it mandatory upon the Pres
ident, in view of this one bureau in the Navy
Department, to continue an officer of the retired
list upon active duty. That being the state of
the case, upon the statement of the chairman
of tlie Naval Committee, I submit that we are
doing a vain and an idle thing to reenact what
is already the law tor the purpose of forcing that
rule of policy upon one of the Departments of
the Government.
Mr. CRAGIN. These officers are different
from the officers that are assigned by the Sec-
retary of the Navy to do particular active
duty. These are civil appointments. The
heads of these bureaus are appointed by the
President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, for four years, a special law author-
izing that. The Secretary of the Navy to-day
has assigned retired officers to active duty all
over the country at the various navy-yards,
only a few to be sure, and we wish to get rid
of that. The Naval Committee have reported
a House bill to the Senate, with some amend-
ments, in which we declare that officers 011 the
retired list shall not do active duty exsept in
time of war. If that bill shall pass, it will un-
doubtedly prevent tne President from appoint-
ing a retired officer to this position. But as
the law now stauds a retired officer can be ap-
pointed to this position. What effect his
retirement would have occurring in the middle
of his term, I am not quite prepared to say.
The head of the Me.iical Bureau has been in
office perhaps about a year, and will be retired
very soon, he being almost sixty-two years of
age. That would not necessarily throw him out
of office in my judgment, unless the President
should nominate some new man to the place.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me a very
singular amendment to be offered to the law,
as the chairman proposes, that no retired offi-
cer during peace shall serve after he is sixty-
two years of age, but that he may in time of
war. I understand that war is just the tune
when we want young men, men of energy and
activity; and in time of peace we do not wish
to increase the Navy. Therefore, the Presi-
dent, it seems to me, ought to have the privi-
lege of appointing, as he has now, as I under-
stand from the chairman, these men to active
duty during peace, when they can discharge
the duties, and when they are perfectly able to
discharge the duties as well as youuger men.
I cannot see why we should go on and increase
the Navy during peace and exclude these men,
after they are sixty-two years of age, from any
service whatever, and thereby have an army
of retired officers. Such an amendment as is
suggested by the chairman I cannot support.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island as modified.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
four, noes not counted.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suggest that the word
"assigning" be stricken out of the amend-
ment just adopted, and the words " appoint-
ment of," inserted in its place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that verbal correction will be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the committee
are through with their amendments. I offer
the following amendment:
Sec. —. That the second and third paragraphs of
the tenth section of the Navy prize law, approved
June 30, 1864, which relates to the shares of fleet
captains, shall apply to officers serving in those
positions from April, 1861, the commencement of
the late war, and the shares shall bo paid in the
manner provided for division commanders in the
second paragraph.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRELINGHDYSEN. I offer an amend-
ment, of which notice has been given, the
object of which I will briefly state. In the
navy-yards at Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Washington, and in California, they have had
a general accounting clerk, who is called a store
clerk. The House of Representatives made
no appropriation for that officer in this bill.
I am informed thaL the Secretary of the Navy
thinks the office should be continued, and I
am told by a number of persons that it is of
great importance. We certainly gain nothing
by diminishing the number of clerks and
saving the salary of $1,200 or §1,500, and let-
ting our accounts run into disorder. I there-
fore offer the following amendment:
On page 10, line two hundred and twenty-seven,
after the word " dollars," insert " store clerk, $1,500;
clerk of accounts and bills, 81,500."
On page 11, line two hundred and thirty-seven,
after the word " dollars," insert "store clerk,$1,500;
clerk of accounts anil hills, $1,500."
Also, in lino two hundred and forty-six, after the
word "dollars," insert "store clerk, $1,500; clerk
of accounts and bills, SI,500."
Also, in line two hundred and fifty-three,, after
tho word "dollars," insert "store clerk, $1,500;
cleik of accounts and bills, $1,500."
On pago 12, line two hundred and sixty-one, after
the word " dollars," insert "store clerk, $1,500."
Also, in line two hundred and seventy-lour, after
the word "dollars," insert "store clerk, $1,500;
clerk of accounts and bills, 81,500."
Mr. COLE. This is an amendment offered
in the Senate. Perhaps from want of time we
have not been able to consider it very fully
before it was offered ; but I see it is a propo-
sition to add new clerks to several of the navy-
yards, to add clerks to those which are pro-
vided in the bill. Can the Senator inform me
whether or not these clerks were provided for
in the bill of last year ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They were pro-
vided for in the bill of last year. This is not
a proposition to provide new clerks. It is to
continue the clerks now there—nothing more.
Mr. COLE. I think that is the case, if I
remember the particular instances.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It provides for
110 new force.
Mr. COLE. But the House for some reason,
I have no doubt it was a good one, struck out
these clerks from the several navy-yards. I
am not able to give the reasons that governed
them in this action, but can imagine a good
reason why they should be stricken out. I
observe that we are appropriating for the
employ6s in the Navy, enlisted men and offi-
cers, some $6,250,000, including eighty-five
hundred men. Now, it is a fact that about
one third of this six and a quarter millions is
used in the payment of the eighty five hundred
men, andabouttwo thirds of the whole amount
goes to the payment of naval officers ; and it
does seem to me that there ought to be power
in the Navy Department to assign to duty in
the navy yards, if necessary, persons who are
paid under the Navy Department as officers.
Certainly if so large an amount, about
$4,000,000 I think, is appropriated for the
payment of officers, there ought to be found
officers enough, and there are certainly enough
not in active service, to discharge these duties
in the navy-yards, and thus we should save the
amount of money that is proposed to be saved,
by the House by striking out these employes.
I submit that it is not a very good showing
that nearly two thirds of the whole amouut
appropriated for the pay of the Navy is used
for the payment of officers, and only about
one third to pay the eighty-five hundred men
employed m the Navy. It certainly leads to
the inference that there are a great many
officers, perhaps too many; and there are a
great number of useless officers, I think, upon
each man-of-war on a cruise. Perhaps they
are getting instruction in that way; but their
services upon the men-of-war could be dis-
pensed with and they might well be employed
in these navy-yards.
We have a naval academy in which we are
instructing young men by the hundred. Why
not detail those young men to the discharge
of these clerical duties? If it is said that they
are not educated for this work, then let us
establish a professorship either of book-keep-
ing or of account-keeping, and teach them to
perform this duty, and so save a very con-
siderable portion of the expense to which the
Government is put in hiring civilians to dis-
charge these duties. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to, in order that the Navy
Department may adopt this rule of assigning
to duty in the navy-yards these subordinate
officers of the Navy.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I certainly think
that poverty of reason given by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations is a suf-
ficient argument why this amendment should
be adopted. There is not a single reason given
by the chairman why these offices which have
been filled for years and which now exist
should be dispensed with. These are no new
clerks. Every one of these places is now
filled. The reason why the House struck out
these offices from the appropriation bill, as I
am informed, (if we are to go into the conduct
of the House,) was because some member of
the committee knew of a navy-yard in Maine
or in one of the New England States where
this clerk had very little work to do, and so
he inferred that none of these clerks had any-
thing to do, and struck them all out; but the
House have given no reason for striking them
out, because there is no reason to give. The
Navy Department considers these clerks neces-
sary, and this very amendment has passed
unde* the supervision of or was prepared at
the Navy Department by the Secretary of the
Navy.
The chairman of the committee suggests
that we should detail the boys in the Academy
and young officers to keep these accounts.
Why, sir, no man in his private affairs would
have any but an accountant to keep his ac-
counts. It is not a matter that you can detail
any one to do. An accountant has a profes-
sion. It is a professional duty, and these
officers are not competent. No reason is given
by the House why we should dispense with
these officers. No reason is given here. They
are necessary, as the Department says. I see
110 logic in going into a discussion as to what
all the expenses of the Navy are, and making
that bear upon the necessity of having these
clerks. I submit that unless there is some
reason given why these officers are not neces-
sary, as they are established, as they are found
to be necessary, as the Secretary of the Navy
tells us they are necessary, and as the duty is
one that cannot be performed by detail, this
amendment ought to be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from New
Jersey.
The amendment was agreed to.
