358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
agricultural colleges.
Mr. MAYNABD, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the faculty of the
East Tennessee University showing reasons
why Congress should render additional aid
to colleges established and to be established
under the original and amended law of 1802;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
tuk teton' sioux.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Rr*oleed, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to inform the House of the numbers and
location of the Teton Sieux, their condition, organ-
ization, and disposition, and what use has been made
during the current fiscal year of the money appro-
priated by Congress for their benefit,
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to make a short statement in connection with
that resolution.
No objection was made.
Mr. SARGENT. I shall occupy but a few
moments. The matter of the Teton Sioux has
been treated in the public press with consider-
able feeling during the past few weeks, and
perhaps it is due to myself, having charge of
the Indian appropriation bill, that I should
make a statement of the matter of the Teton
Sioux, as I understand it, and as I believe it
is understood by the Interior Department.
I will state, however, with reference to the
object of this resolution, that I understand that
at the request of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs of the Senate to the Sec-
retary of the Interior a report covering all the
information called for is now being made out
at the Interior Department, and will be sent
to the Senate to-day or to-morrow. It is there-
fore possible that this resolution may not be
needed. If, however, the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the House pre-
fers to have the communications in an official
form to the House, I see no objection to it,
and therefore I make no objection to the
adoption of the resolutions.
The amount stated in the papers as having
been appropriated last year for the Teton
Sioux is $900,000. This is a mistake of
$400,000. The amount appropriated was
$500,000, and a letter from the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, which was read to the House
when the Indian appropriation bill was under
consideration, stated that of that amount of
$500,000 appropriated for the current fiscal
year $190,000 will not be needed; in other
words, the expenditures will be $190,000 less
than the amount appropriated. The expend-
itures for the tribes upon the Missouri river
necessarily take place in the spring and early
summer of each year on account of the condi-
tion of the water in that river making it im-
possible to send supplies to the Indian tribes
on the upper Missouri after June, or July at
latest; therefore, all the expenditures take
place in the early part of the year. This being
the case, and on the suggestion of Mr. Walker,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, when the In-
dian appropriation bill was before the House,
I had the amount cut down from $500,000 to
$200,000, which, with the surplus remaining
over of last year, will make $390,000 instead
of $500,000, the amount which was appropri-
ated for the current fiscal year.
While an investigation may be made into
the conduct of any agent in the Indian coun-
try upon the upper Missouri, and I am in favor
of a thorough investigation being made, to see
whether there has been any wrong done or not,
I think it is to the credit of the Indian depart-
ment that they have saved of the amount
appropriated, or will have saved by the end
of the present fiscal year, nearly $200,000.
Some criticism has been made upon the
name of " Teton Sioux." It has been said
that there is no such band or tribe of Indians
as the Teton Sioux, and that the appropria-
tion was consequently made for a mythical
purpose. I do not know that ethnologically
this is a correct name as applied to these In-
dians. But I find by reference to the early
treaties made by the Government of the United
States with the Indians, that in 1815, or about
that time, a treaty was made with the Teton
Sioux, the name being spelled " Teeton."
There probably is error in the designation of
one half of the Indian tribes of the United
States, even of those with whom we have made
treaties. For instance, there is no such tribe
or band of Indians as the Chippewas, yet we
have treaties with the Chippewa Indians.
Now, the Chippewas are simply the Ojibways,
celebrated in Cooper's novels and in the early
history of this country. There is no such
tribe of Indians as the Kaw Indians, the name
coming from the Kaw river in Kansas. The
name Teton comes from the fact that there
was a large and important band of Sioux In-
dians near a mountain of that name, which
band was dignified or recognized as capable
of forming a treaty with the Government nearly
sixty years ago.
The question is not whether the proper name
is given to the Indians ; the question really is
whether there are a number of Indians upon
the upper Missouri river, in Dakota Territory,
in the neighborhood of the Teton or any other
mountains, who being in hostility to the Uni-
ted States should be treated with by the Gen-
eral Government in order to induce them to
remain peaceable with the United States, and
who if not so dealt with are liable to enact the
mischiefs which wild Indian tribes do enact,
and such as those which occurred in the his-
tory of Minnesota, or such as are now occurring
in the southern portion of Oregon by the
Modoc Indians.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
call the attention of my colleague upon the
committee to another feature which I deem
of importance. The only allegation which it
seemed to me had any apparent force was that
whatever these Teton Sioux are, they are an
aggregation of people who are really in other
tribes and are paid under other names, and
therefore the payment is an overlap, the same
class of Indians being twice paid.
Mr. SARGENT. That would only occur
where there are annuities paid to specific In-
dians. This appropriation was not made in
the shape of an annuity. There are no an-
nuity Indians embraced in this number of
Teton Sioux so far as I know, and so far as I
have been able to obtain information from the
Indian department. That there may be here
and there an Indian or a score of Indians
wandering off from tribes that have annuities
and banding with these Teton Sioux or sny
other Sioux I think highly probable. But the
great mass of these Indians are those who
were collected together under this appropria-
tion of $500,000, who before that time had
been very hostile, and some of whom are still
hostile, and who were collected together in
the vicinity of Fort Peck.
When this matter was before the House the last
time I had read a communication from General
Walker, who is generally believed, I think,
not only a man of sagacity, but of uprightness.
He goes on to show in that letter, a letter
which ought to have attracted the attention of
the country and of the newspaper correspond-
ents who make these mistakes in the amount
of appropriation and the number of the In-
dians—he goes on to show that a commission
visited these Indians during the last summer,
and that there were about three thousand of
the Indians on the north side of the river and
about four thousand seven hundred on the
south side of the river, making in all over
seven thousand of these Indians.
Now, whether $310,000, the amount which
has been expended to convey articles of ne-
cessity to these Indians, to feed them and
clothe them, is too great for the number of In-
dians stated, is a question which perhaps may
well be submitted to the judgment of the
House. It seems to me that a smaller sum
than this might have been used and the In-
dians have been kept perhaps as peaceable as
they are; but not a much smaller sum. If
there have been in this instance false vouchers
or frauds of any character, I trust there will
be not only a call upon the Interior Depart-
ment for information, but if the Department
has not sufficient information to answer the
question fully, that then some means may be
taken by the House to investigate the matter
to the very bottom. But what I mean to say
is that whether these Indians be called Teton
Sioux or by any other name, whether they are
a mere roving band or not, the numbers are
stated to the best knowledge of the Indian
department, and I believe they are correct,
and that the amount has been judiciously ex-
pended.
Mr. SHANKS. In connection with what
has been said by the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargent,] I wish to state that on
July 19, 1815, a treaty was made with the Te-
ton tribe of Sioux ; on the same day one with
the Sioux of the Lakes ; on the same day one
with the Sioux of the river St. Peters, and on
the same day one with the Yancton tribe of
Sioux. I believe that from 1815 down to this
time the tribe of Sioux has been divided and
subdivided, so that there is some uncertainty
as to the proper names and the number of
these bands. Therefore, as there is some com-
ment about the matter throughout the coun-
try, I have introduced this resolution that
statements from the Indian department may
exhibit the facts.
Mr. DUNNELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether it is true that the appropriation
of last year was made at the suggestion or re-
quest of the Indian department?
Mr. SHANKS. I cannot answer that ques-
tion. As that subject was in charge or the
Committee on Appropriations, I suppose some
gentleman representing that committee can
answer it.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the inquiry?
Mr. DUNNELL. I wish to know whether
the appropriations for this tribe were made at
the instance of the Indian department or with-
out any application from that department.
Mr. SARGENT. They were made at the
instance of the Indian department.
Mr. DUNNELL. I mean the appropriation
of Ihst year.
Mr. SARGENT. It was made at the re-
quest of the Indian department. The only
gentleman I knew in connection with the mat-
ter was General Walker, and I have invariably
found his representations with reference to the
Indian tribes to be correct. I am glad of the
present opportunity to say this.
Mr. CLAGETT. I wish to say a few words
in reference to this matter, for the reason that
these Indians are within the geographical lim-
its of the Territory I have the honor to repre-
sent, although several hundred miles distant
from the last outpost of civilization. The
statements which I have seen in the newspapers
denying the existence of these Indians are
totally unfounded. We in our Territory have
had too long and dangerous an experience, not
only of their existence but of their hostile
character, to entertain any doubt at this day
whether they exist or not. I first heard of
these Teton Sioux in 1866. From that time
to the present they have ranged from the
British line on the north down to the hunting
grounds of the Sioux tribe in Wyoming Terri-
tory ; and they have practically closed that
whole belt of country (some six hundred miles
in extent north and south) to travel of any
kind from either the East or the West.
But while these statements as to the non-
existence of these Indians are not well founded,
I do believe that the interests of the Govern-
ment require an investigation into everything
connected with the agencies upon the Missouri
river. With the purpose of arriving at such
an investigation by a different process than an
ordinary congressional proceeding, I have been
