22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
Ho. op Reps.
District Affairs—Mr. Itoosevelt.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
until they could get the report and find out
what the facts were. It was a one-sided affair,
like the handle of a jug, until the board got
the money it asked for.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The report was
before the Committee on Appropriations, sev-
eral copies of it, and anybody was at liberty
to examine it. It was examined thoroughly
by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In their room; it
did not come here.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I will explain all that
matter. I did go before the Committee on
Appropriations for the purpose of calling their
attention to some of these facts. My position,
however, was a peculiar one. I felt the United
Slates Government was under obligations to
the people of the District and -was bound in
honor to assist them. To sustain that view, I
ask the House to consider a vital point of the
very greatest interest to them and to the coun-
try. Congress is responsible for the acts of
the Board of Public Works, and not the peo-
ple of this District. I have explained to the
House-that the Board of Public Works wasnot
elected' by the people, but was appointed by
the President. It is a gigantic commission, a
commission at the seat of the Government,
like all those .Republican schemes which are
got up in the shape of commissions to rule the
people without being at all responsible to the
people, and which generally result precisely
as this one has resulted, in squandering the
money placed in their charge and disgusting
Republicans and Democrats alike.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Let me finish my
statement first. I do not mean in any way to
reflect upon the President. I have expressly
on all occasions, at all times, and under all
circumstances disclaimed any such intention.
I claim that the President was unfortunate in
the original selection perhaps, and he has been
kept in the dark ever since, for there is a mys-
tery as well as a divinity which hedges both
presidents and kings and keeps from them all
knowledge of facts which have long been ap-
parent to every one about them. 1 am satis-
fied that when this matter shall be ventilated
and brought to his attention he will take action
in regard to it. Bear in mind what I said
when I opened my remarks, that last year I
was cut off from saying what I wished to say
on the floor of the House about these frauds.
If anything has fallen from me accidentally
which seems to reflect upon the President, un-
derstand that I do not mean it. I believe that
the President will still put his strong hand on
this commission and crush it.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Famsworth] to say
that the Committee on Appropriations on re-
ceiving these reports kept them and allowed
110 one else to see them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not say that.
Mr. SARGENT. Each member of the com-
mittee received a copy, and those copies were
freely distributed about the House. The doc-
ument had not been printed at the Government
Printing Office, and therefore cpuld not be
supplied. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Roosevelt] and others appeared before
the committee at its invitation. We desired
the fullest investigation and information. The
gentleman himself said that he did not object
to the appropriation, but that it ought to be
made; I think I am not mistaken in my recol-
lection ; but he entered into some criticism
about the use by the board of their own treas-
urer instead of that of the District; and he
thought there ought to be some guard in that
respect. Do I misrepresent the gentleman?
I have stated my distinct recollection.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman is sub-
stantially correct. I was coming to that mat-
ter as fast as I could. It will be borne in mind
that the members of this Board of Public
Works are appointed under act of Congress.
They have run the District of Columbia into
debt, (a District that did not elect them,-that
did not vote for them, that cannot remove
them,) they have run the District into debt
to the amount of—well, I will be moderate—
$15,000,000.' Under such circumstances these
men are our agents; they are the agents of the
Government; the agents of Congress, not of
the people they rule over. They have abused
the positions of trust in which we have placed
them; they have squandered the money put in
their hands by our legislation. Under these
circumstances, I have said, and I say now,
that we ought to be liberal in our appropria-
tions for this District. But I also insist that
the money should not be put in the hands of
the Board of Public Works that they may
misappropriate it, as they have misappropri-
ated so much of the money already intrusted
to their hands. The $1,240,000 that you ap-
propriated only a month ago is already gone—
every dollar of it—and still the contractors and
laborers are not paid. The board claim by
their report that they have kept within the
sums allowed them, that t.hey even have a bal-
ance unexpended of $162,252 25. Congress
has added $1,240,000. I hear they have used
up all the funds of the District government
appropriated to ordinary purposes, so that the
school-teachers, the firemen, and the police are
unpaid and have been so for months, and it is
commonly rumored that there are dehts against
them of millions. Contractors are on the point
of failure; the laborers only the other day made
a riot, and the board is clamoring at the doors
of Congress for more money. They have
expressed their intention to apply to us for
$2,000,000 during this session, andithas been
stated that they would ask $10,000,000 of the
next Congress, which it is anticipated will bo
more liberal on accon nt of its party complexion.
Allowing that the board has not been able to
sell all its certificates of assessment, which is
very probable as any lawyer will see they are
void, some persons have paid their taxes, and
the deficiency at best, under this head, cannot
bo more than $500,000 beyond the United
States appropriation, and work for fully that
amount is not yet completed. There should,
therefore, be no debts against llicm now and
no such pressing need for money ; that is, pro-
vided their own statements are correct, a fact
that it does not lie in their mouths to ques-
tion.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a question of
order. This is a bill relating to colored
schools in this District, and the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Roosbvei.t] has not yet
said a word on that subject.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I am discussing the
propriety or impropriety of intrusting ihis
matter to the president of the Board of Public
Works.
Mr. VOORHEES. The Board of Public
Works has nothing to do with this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from New
York is proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not give consent
any further.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has proceeded thus far by the consent
of the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. But I now make the
point of order.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Before the point is
decided, I call the attention of the Chair to
my motion, which is to amend the hill by sub-
stituting the Board of Public Works 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from the District [Mr.Chipman] declined
to admit that amendment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I understood that the
amendment was admitted.
Mr. CHIPMAN. That amendment is not
pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to & point of
order. m
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is one
point of order already pending. The gentle-
man from New York will proceed in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He is in order.
The House gave him permission to proceed.
Mr. RANDALL. The House gave consent
to the gentleman to proceed. The point is
made too late.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not understand
that permission was given to the gentleman to
proceed out of order.
Mr. RANDALL. Unanimous consent was
given to the gentleman to proceed. The gen-
tleman in charge ot the bill does not object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will decide the point of order. The gentle-
man from New York indicated his line of
argument at the time he rose to address the
House. He has thus far proceeded without
objection. He stated his purpose definitely
when he rose. The Chair overrules the point
of order.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I believe I was dis-
cussing the necessity of the Government
makifig this appropriation when I was inter-
rupted, and to show how entirely regardless
of law the Board of Works has proved itself,
I will give another fact. When 1 was before
the Committee on Appropriations, and this
matter came up, the question was put to' the
treasurer of the board whether my statement
made in the House on the previous day had
been correct. It will be borne in mind that I
had stated that the organic law of this District
directed the Board of Public Works to draw
out all payments made by them by warrant'
upon the treasurer of the District, and in no
other way; that these warrants were to be
drawn in pursuance of appropriations previ-
ously made, and only after contracts had been
duly executed ; that they were to be in com-
pliance with those contracts, and were to be
drawn in no other form, shape, or manner. I
had charged that, instead of following this
course of proceeding so clearly defined by the
law, so specific and so accurate, the board had
drawn out all of the money raised by the
$4,000,000 of bonds, and all the money they
could collect underassessments, amounting to
about $500,000 more, and had deposited it
with one of their members as treasurer, and
that he paid out this money as he pleased or
tho' board directed, without responsibility to
any one else, without the supervision of the
proper officers, and without having executed
any valid bond, because he is an officer un-
known to law. The gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent,] who is on the Committee on
Appropriaions, whoheard my accusation, prob-
ably doubting its Accuracy, took occasion to
ask the treasurer of the board under what law
his office was created, and received the reply,
after some hesitation, that there was no law,
and that my assertion was correct.
But there is another matter which is almost
as bad in connection with this treasurersliip.
The organic law provides specifically that no
salary of any officer should be increased, and
that no additional compensation should be
given to any member of the government be-
yond the amount of his salary; but under fhe
influence of the Board of Public Works the
Legislative Assembly was induced to disregard
the law of Congress. The officer referred
to stated before the investigating committee
last spring that he expected to be paid as
treasurer, and the Legislative Assembly con-
firmed his expectations in spite of the prohi-
bition by Congress, by allowing him $2,500 a
year for his illegal services. This would never
have been done except for the overshadowing
influence of the Board of Works, which wields
