1o<r
ijjl
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
The bill authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Arkansas river, at, Van
Buren, Arkansas, was read.
There was no objection ; and the bill (H. 11.
No. 3948) was received, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
notification op election.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That a committee of two, to join a com-
mittee of the Senate, beappointed to wait on Ulysses
S. Grant, of Illinois, to notify him that he has been
duly elected President of the United States for four
years, commencing on the 4th day of March, 1873;
and also to notify Henry Wilson, of Massachusetts,
that ho has been duly elected Vice President of the
United States for four years, commencing on the 4th
day of March, 1873.
The resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, in pursuance
of the resolution just adopted, names as the
committee the gentlemen who acted as tellers:
Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Beck,
of Kentucky.
committee of ways and means.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report the fol-
lowing resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and they are hereby, authorized to send for per-
sons and papers in any matter of examination
pending before said committee arising out of busi-
ness referred to it by the House of Representatives.
Mr. RANDALL. That is very general.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it not be better to
limit this power, so that it shall apply only to
general bills? If so limited, I think there
would be no objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. The resolution only includes
matters referred to the committee by the
House.
The resolution was adopted.
pacific railroads.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following preamble and reso-
lutions ;
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division, (charged by joint resolution of Congress
to the name of the Kansas Pacific Railway Com-
panyj the Denver Pacific railroad, (now incor-
porated into and made part of said Kansas Pacific
XUilwayCompany,) and the Fort Smith and Little
Kock railroad, have heretofore received, by acts of
Congress, large subsidies in Government bonds and
lands to aid in the construction of said roads; and
whereas public opinion and attention has at last
bccomo aroused to a partial conception of the gross
mismanagement and frauds in the construction of
this system of Pacific railroads, in which their inter-
ests and liabilities are so largely involved; and
whereas also it is one of the highest duties of the
Keprcbentatives of the people to see that these great
public interests are duly protected and preserved •
Therefore,
Beit resolved, That the select committee hereto-
fore appointed by this House, of which Hon. J. M.
Wilson, of Indiana, is chairman, be authorized and
dirocted to extend their investigation so as to include
the said Union Pacific railroad, eastern division,
(now known as the Kansas Pacific Railway Com-
*)a-jy,4^"e £ai(* Denver Pacific railroad, and the
said Fort Smith and Little Rock railroad, with
iiK© powers, and for like purposes, as originally
given to said committee in reference to the main
trunk line of the Union Pacific railroad, and par-
ticularly to inquire into and report to this House the
fact whether these three roads were built, or are
now being built, under the contract system known
J10 Credit Mobilier, or by outside, inde-
pendent individuals, or companies, as original con-
tractors, not m anywise connected with the said
railroad corporations, either as stockholders or
directors, ana connected in no way, directly or indi-
rectly, with the subsidies of the Government to said
roads, either in bonds or lands.
And be it further Resolved, That if said commit-,
t ce, upon such investigation as aforesaid shall find
that either or all of said roads has or have been
built, or are now being built, upon the Credit
Mobilier system, as aforesaid, then, and in that
event, said committee is hereby further instructed
ami directed to report to this House the names
ol cuon stockholders or directors as form or have
formed said Credit Mobilier association or associa-
tions, together with the amount of Government
subsidies used and appropriated by them, whether
in bonds or lands, in the construction of said roads,
or either of them; the cost of their construction,
or either of them, in separate statements; the
amount and rate per cent, of profits declared by
said Credit. Mobilier association or associations j
and the amount of the capital stock of said railroad
companies, or either of them, which now remains
due and unpaid.
Mr. NEG-LEY. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order.
INDIAN LAUDS IN KANSAS.
^ Mr. SHANKS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the report of a conference
committee.
The Clerk read as follows: •
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the. bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian lands in Kansas,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the Senate amendment and
agree to the same with the following amendment, to
wit:
In page 1, line twenty-three of the bill, strike out
the words ' one year" and in lieu thereof insert
two years."
And that the Senate agree to the same.
JAMES HARLAN,
A. CALDWELL,
R. E. EENTON,
Managers on theimrt of the Senate.
J. P. C. SHANKS,
WM. H. UPSON,
ALEXANDER MITCHELL,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
reporting the debates of congress.
Mr. BEATTY, from the joint Committee
on Printing, submitted a report in writing on
the subject of the reporting and publication of
the debates of Congress ; which was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BEATTY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
195) providing for the reporting and publica-
tion of the debates in Congress; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to
the Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to give notice to
the House that on to-morrow, or as soon there-
after as 1 can obtain the floor, I will report
back the joint resolution for the consideration
and action of the House.
shipping commissioners,
On motion of Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous
consent, the bill (H. K. No. 3619) to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize the ap-
pointment of shipping commissioners," &c
approved June 7, 1872, returned from the
Senate with amendments, was taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
elias c. boudinot.
On motion of Mr. VOOR.HEES, by unani-
mousconsent, the bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the
relief of Elias C. Boudinot, returned from the
Senate with amendments, was taken from the
Speaker's table and the amendments of the
Senate were non-concurred in, and a confer-
ence asked on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour com-
mences at twenty-one minutes before one
o' clock, and reports are in order from the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining.
mineral lands.
Mr. WALDRON, from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (S.
m relation to mineral lands.
The question was upon ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill, which was read, provides that
in the States hereinafter named deposits or
mines of iron and coal shall be excluded from
the operation of an act to promote the develop-
ment of the mining resources of the United
States, approved May 10, 1872, and that that
act shall not apply to the mineral lands situate
within the States of Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota, and the lands are declared free and
open to exploration and purchase according to
the legal subdivision as before the passage of
that act. It provides further that any bona
jide, entries of such lands within said States
since the passage of the act referred to maybe
patented without reference to the provisions of
that act.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Why is the bill
confined to those three States ?
Mr. WALDRON. I can explain in a few
words the provisions of the bill and show the
necessity of its passage. In May, 1872, a
general law was passed covering the entry and
location of mineral lands. The intention was
to confine its provisions to the mining of the
precious metals in the States on the Pacific
coast and the Territories. It was not intended
to apply its provisions to the copper mines of
the Northwest. The effect of that act is to pre-
vent the location of mineral lands there, and to
prevent the further development of the mining
interests of those States. One provision of
the act of 1872 is that a party desiring to
locate mineral lands must first have his claim
surveyed by the surveyor general of the State.
Now, the lands in these States have all been
surveyed, and there are no surveyor generals
there, so that parties desiring to locate cannot
avail themselves of the provisions of the law.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I find no fault with
the general provisions of the bill. My inquiry
is addressed to the single point why it is con-
fined to three States.
Mr. WALDRON. These are the only three
States which contain copper lands. The pro-
visions of the act of 1872 do not affect iron and
coal mines. The object of this bill is to exempt
the copper interests of the Northwest from the
provisions of the law of 1872. The intention
was that it should apply only to the precious
metals.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I would say to the gentle-
man from Missouri that this bill leaves iron
and coal mining precisely as they were before
the act of 1872 was passed.
Mr. WALDRON. I send up a letter from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
and ask that it be read. Then I call the pre-
vious question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. 0., January 27,1873.
Sir : 1 have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
st yourlctter ot the 23d instant, inclosing House bill
^lo. 3518, m relation to mineral lands/'for the con-
sideration ot t.bis office.
That portion ot said bill relating to miners of iron
and coal meets my approval.
m'oY of thc' ;ot that the act of September 26,
looU, w.ktatutes, 4f2,) authorized the sale of mineral
lands m the Lake Superior district of Michigan,
and in the Chippewa district of Wisconsin, "sub-
ject to the same minimum price and the same rights
of preemption as the other public lands of the Uni-
ted btat.es/ and oi the further fact that a large por-
tion of said lands have already been disposed oi, and
that, from the best information this office has been
able to obtain, it is doubtful whether the act of May
lu, 18/2, is adapted to the mining interests of that
region of country, although well suited to the min-
ing districts on the Pacific slope, Colorado, &c.. 1
see no impropriety in allowing the balance of said
land to be disposed of in accordance with the provis-
ions of the bill under consideration.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIS BRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. Henry waldron, Home of IlcpreserUatlves.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a
third reading ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WALDRON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
