1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
engaged in urging before the Committee on
Appropriations a proposition to make a reason-
able appropriation to pay witnesses and jurors
and employ counsel to ferret out and punish
the frauds committed in connection with In-
dian matters. Upon this point, that is the
commission of these frauds, I do not speak
from personal knowledge, because the Mis-
souri river agencies are further removed from
the settled parts of Montana than from here
to New Orleans; and we are cut off from any
direct communication with them in conse-
quence of this wall which these hostile Indians
have built up between the settled portion of our
Territory and the East; but I am satisfied
from what I have heard, particularly since I
have come to the city of Washington, that on
the Missouri river, commencing at Yancton
and running up as far as these agencies extend
on that river, there has been a continual sys-
tem of fraud, involving at least most of the
agencies, by which the same goods are taken
from one agency to another and not delivered
at all, or only to a small extent, although re-
ceipted for in whole ; so that by this means
the Government is annually swindled out of
large sums of money.
For the purpose of preventing the recur-
rence of such things in the future, I intro-
duced at the commencement of this session,
after much study and investigation, the bill
now pending before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, which I believe will prevent, in a
large measure, if not entirely, the perpetra-
tion of these frauds and others of the same
nature wherever committed.
And I wish to call the attention of the
House to a fact which I did not even myself
suspect until recently, and that is, that from
the foundation of the Government down to the
present day there is not a single law upon the
statute-book requiring any Indian agent or
superintendent to keep the scratch of a pen in
the shape of record as to his official transac-
tions. There is therefore no safeguard thrown
around the distribution of these large sums
annually appropriated by Congress. There is
no law by which a citizen can have access to
a single act done by or a single paper in the
office of any of these Indian agents and su-
perintendents ; and there are no means by
which the ordinary proceedings of the law can
be put into exercise against them by which
the punitive element in the administration
of justice can be brought into play as well as
the preventive. It is to cure these evils that
I have drawn this bill, and I trust the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs will have an oppor-
tunity to report it.
These Teton Sioux exist; they not only
exist, but they exist in large numbers. Last
summer, sometime in July or August, the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company started a
surveying party, escorted by Colonel Baker
with four hundred troops, down the Yellow-
stone, into the country occupied by them.
Those four hundred troops were whipped bv
these same Indians and others joined with
them, and the surveying party and its escort
were driven back to the settlements and have
never after been able to carry out the survey
on which they started. In addition to that
fact, and bearing on the present manner of the
treatment of these hostile Indians, I wish to
state that the Secretary of the Interior him-
self, or rather the acting Secretary of the Inte-
rior, while at Fort Peck distributing annuities
last summer, had his party fired on and
attacked by these same Indians. It is an
important question for determination by the
House whether the Government should treat
with hostile Indians in the way of distributing
annuities to them until they have been first
reduced to obedience to the law by the mili-
tary arm of the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How much was paid
to them at that time?
Mr. CLAGETT. I cannot tell. There are
three or four thousand at Fort Peck who re-
ceive annuities, and there are, so far as can
be determined, four or five thousand others
who refuse to come in. Now, these same In-
dians drew annuities one day and came back
and received further installments the next
day, and on the third day, on being refused
additional supplies, turned loose in hostility
; to the Government and fired upon Fort Peck,
; containing at the time the Assistant Secretary
I of the-Interior, as previously stated.
: Mr. SHANKS. Having proved the exist-
' ence of these Indians in large numbers, I
1 must state now in their defense that I find a
certain railroad company have been attempting
to make surveys through land where the title
is still in the Indians, and not in the railroad
company.
Mr. CLAGETT. One word in reply to the
defense of the gentleman. These Teton Sioux
are themselves interlopers in the country
where thejp exist. They came from British
Columbia in 1866, and.are themselves continu-
ally in a state of warfare with the Crows and
other Montana Indians, who claim they are
trespassers and attacked the railroad com-
pany while making its surveys in strict con-
formity to law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
from Indiana has defended these Teton Sioux,
does he think they would defend him if he
were going throngh their country?
Mr. SHANKS. I shall do what is right in
this regard.
The rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
CREDIT MOBILISE.
Mr. RANDALL. I now submit the follow-
ing resolution :
The Clerk read as followB :
Whereas the Secretary of the Treasury, in his
recent report, addressed to the Speaker of this
Hons*, page 42, makes a statement of the fact that
the Union Pacific Railroad Company was in default
for interest due the Government to the amount of
$5,337,736 28 on July 1, 1872, after a deduction of
$2,181,989 -13 for transportation of mails, troops, &c.,
for the Government, and due the said Union Pacific
railroad; and whereas this inability to meet the in-
terest as it becamedue to the Government by this cor-
porationhas been occasioned mainly by the enormous
sums of money paid illegally and fraudulently to a
corporation and its stockholders known as theCredit
Mobilier, in the form of cash, bonds, and other divi-
dends far in excess of their legitimate earnings and
claims, and to the great injury of the Government
and stockholders of the said Union Pacific railroad:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the President of the United
States is herewith reauested to cause the employ-
ment of two attorneys, well learned in the law, at a
just and reasonable compensation, with further
directions to them to commence and prosecute asuit
in the appropriate court or courts against the said
corporation, to wit, the Credit Mobilierof Amerioa,
and its several stockholders, corporately and indi-
vidually, for the purpose of recovering the said
amount of interest due, to wit, $5,387,736 28, and
what may hereafter become due to the Government
and remain unpaid, from the sums paid to the stock-
holders of the said Credit Hobiher illegally and
fraudulently in law and in equity.
Mr. SARGENT. Ought not that to be a
joint resolution ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question.
. Mr. RANDALL. I will explain why I did
not make it a joint resolution. In the first
place, I did not want to make any directory
motion as to the President of the United
States; second, I wanted to expedite any suit
which might in the judgment of two lawyers be
prosecuted in regard to this road.
Mr. SARGENT. I have another question
to ask of the gentleman: whether there are
not many statements made in the resolution,
that frauds have been committed and wrongs
done, the truth of which is assumed, but which
now rest on rumor merely ?
Mr. RANDALL. I did not suppose that
anybody doubted that frauds had been com-
mitted, but am willing to meet the fastidious-
ness of any gentleman by amending the reso-
lution by the insertion of the word "alleged"
wherever it is stated that acts of a fraudulent
and illegal character have been committed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I should like to
appeal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] whether it would not be wise
to submit his resolution to the care of the
Department of Justice.
Mr. RANDALL. I will explain the reason
why I have not done that. It is a suit which,
if commenced at all, would have to be com-
menced in the courts of Massachusetts, or else
in the courts ofthe State of New York, where
in all probability the Attorney General or his
assistants could not go. But I did not dream
for a moment that the President would want
any to prosecute such suits unless they were
to act under the direction of the Department
of Justice.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My friend from
Pennsylvania knows very well that suits are
being constantly conducted all over the country
by the Department of Justice ; and if the
Attorney General cannot go himself there are
district attorneys everywhere. He knows,
also, that that Department is exceedingly able
and efficient.
Mr. RANDALL. What amendment does
the gentleman suggest ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That this be
submitted to the Department of Justice.
Mr. RANDALL. What does the gentle-
man propose shall be submitted to the De-
partment of Justice ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This that the
resolution proposes to be done under the
agency of the two lawyers.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing to agree to
this: that those two lawyers shall act under
instructions from the Department of Justice.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Those two law-
yers, it seems to me, are two additional ar\d
unnecessary officers.
Mr. RANDALL. They will only be tem-
porary. I have drawn the resolution in its
present shape only with the hope of securing
action, and prompt action.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I also am in
favor of action.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me that this
is just the procedure which an individual
would take under like circumstances, and I
do not know why the recovery of debts due
the United States should not be prosecuted
with the same vigor as the recovery of debts
due to individuals. I accept the amendment
suggested by the gentlemen from Ohio, that
the suit shall be prosecuted under the direc-
tion of the Department of Justice.
Mr. SARGENT. I still suggest to the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] that
this House has not the power to request or
require the President of the United States to
set this machinery in motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I beg the gentlemen's par-
don. We have full power to request; and I
took it for granted that in an important mat-
ter like this the President of the United States
will not hesitate for a moment to assent to a
request made by a coordinate branch of the
Government.
Mr. SARGENT, In a matter of this grav-
ity, it seems to me that the President would
require a request from Congress. This is an
indictment, and if the parties are found guilty
a method of punishment is prescribed. Under
these circumstances, for the Executive to act
upon all these premises, the action of Congress
would be required.
Mr. RANDALL. I have agreed to the gen-
tleman's suggestion, and inserted the word
1' alleged.'' The gentleman will not deny that
there are allegations of fraud in connection
with the depletion of the treasury of the Union
Pacific by the Credit Mobilier.
Mr. SARGENT. As to whether the Credit
Mobilier depleted the Union Pacific or not, I
have no knowledge, except from what I see
in the papers. But so far as the payment of
interest is concerned, I say there is a legal
doubt, and a very decided one, whether the
company can be called upon to pay that money.
