W3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
District Affairs—Mr. Roosevelt.
Ho, of Reps.
the actual political power in the District, and
holds office for four years, whether the people
approve or not.
Under these circumstances I did Hot in-
tend to object to an appropriation by Con-
gress, but I contended before the committee
the amount should be a gross sum, and not
based on any consideration of the amount ex-
pended for the benefit of Government property.
When that suggestion was not .approved,
and when the committee determined to take
this report as a guide and to allow five sixths
against the Government, I said if that were to
be done it would constitute a precedent for
similar claims hereafter, and care should be
taken first to put it on the proper ground, and
next to make sure the Government should get
credit for what it had done previously, when
the next claim should come up. To attain this
end I advised that the work should be meas-
ured under Government authority. That pro-
vision was added to the bill, and it was on that
I relied very largely to see this work was fairly
presented to the Government and fairly paid
for. But, in spite of this precaution, I have
shown how the Government has been deceived
by this all-deceiving Board of Public Works,
which seems to hold as in its hands the Dis-
trict of Columbia, Congress, and even the
officers of the Administration itself. The
amounts demanded by the Board of Public
Works I have given in the extracts from the
reports which 1 have read to the House.
These amounts seem to have been all paid.
I have seen, although I was unable to exam-
ine critically, the voucher in the Treasury
Department under which this $1,240,920 92
was drawn. I find it certified to by the officer
of the Government, and the sum total is I
believe, dollars and cents, the precise sum
asked for by the.board. I do not think he in-
tended to certify it wrongfully, but there it is
certified under his hand. And the officials
had the effrontery to boast to me, and I hear
have boasted largely outside, that the state-
ment was correct to a foot and to a dollar.
Correct! Correct to a foot and to a dollar,
when I have pointed out blunders of all sorts
amounting to hundreds and thousands of dol-
lars and thousands of feet!
As the House has extended my time, I will
return for a moment and point out a few addi-
tional peculiarities in the list of contracts con-
tained in this report. In speaking of them I
referred to the fact that numbers had been
extended; but that is not all, for while some
had been enlarged others had been canceled.
What a remarkable statement to be presented
to the country, and to the legislative body of
the country to act upon ! A report presuming
to set out the contracts which had been made
by the Board of Public Works, when of the
list nearly one third are marked extended
and one third noted as cancfeled, making it
a mere mass of confusion which no man can
understand by' mere inspection. Examina-
tion will show that this confusion is doubly con-
founded, and apparently made so intentionally.
As an evidence of this, I will read a few
paragraphs and ask gentlemen to interpret them
as I go along, if they possibly can. Below
the sixth contract is written "canceled."
You would naturally conclude if that word
"cauceled" meant anything, it meant that
that contract No. 6 was canceled, and as
a consequence that the amount carried out
against it should be deducted. But the amount
is not deducted and stands as an expenditure
of the board, although they are in that con-
nection trying to reduce the apparent cost of
improvements. That impression will there-
fore be somewhat shaken until we come to the
eighth contract, when it will be wholly re-
moved, for that contract is canceled three
times over. It is easy to understand how a
contract may be canceled, although the legis-
lative power has directed it to be carried out,
especially^ when we are dealing with a board
which defies legislative trammels; but unless
the board is omnipotent, it cannot cancel a
contract three times over, and there is a meta-
physical doubt whether it could do so even
then. That contract is canceled once, then it
is canceled again, with a note to see contract
No. 385. And finally it is canceled the third
time independently. But you will be still
more surprised when you turn over a page or
two further and on the sixth page find one
contract that has been canceled six times, and
another apparently canceled nine times. Those
discoveries would naturally lead any ordinary
mind to conclude there was something curious,
if not something wrong, about the whole list;
and when you examined into it, you would find
that it was both curious and wrong—the part
of a great wrong which, if allowed to go on
unchecked, will eventuate in the ruin of all
the small property-holders in the District of
Columbia and a transfer of their possessions
into the hands of four or five great holders,
which great holders will all belong to the
Board of Public Works.
I have received an explanation of this mode
of pretending to report the financial condition
of the Board of Public Works without really
telling anything, and it'is this : that alongside
the context there should be the number of
each contract, beginning at one and going on
regularly, so that by looking at the side-note
the reader would see that contract so and
so was extended, and contract so and so
canceled. This, of course, would be a valua-
ble guide to us if we only had the contract;
but, as we do not happen to have it, we can
form but a vague idea as to how far the Board
of Public Works have complied with the law
requiring them to make certain improvements,
and how far they had disregarded it. Possibly
they concluded that that was not desirable.
Bad as too little knowledge is admitted to be,
too much knowledge is a dangerous thing
sometimes; and too much knowledge under
these peculiar circumstances was especially
dangerous to gentlemen who are reported to
be very wealthy just now and doing well
under their own government.
In confirmation of this explanation it will be
observed that toward the latter part of this
report the numbers of contracts are given
along the outside edge. When this matter was
first spoken of the excuse given on behalf of
the Board of Works was that it was a printer's
mistake, a mistake of the type-setters, by which
all of the first numbers were omitted. But with
regard to these statements of the Board of
Works, it is to be regretted on many accounts
that none of them are consistent. Some of the
members of that board are uncommonly able
men, abler than Tweed and Connolly, who so
long ruled the city of New York on very much
the same plan. But^ they do not seem able
enough to make their statements consistent;
or even to appear consistent. In this case
their friends undertook to say that there was
a printer's mistake, but unfortunately for that
theory, as I have told the House, this book has
been revised and corrected, the amounts in it
have been changed, and the additions altered;
one page has been entirely suppressed, and a
new edition has been published.
All this has been done by the Board of
Works, but it is a very singular circumstance
that the book has not yet got before the mem-
bers of either House of Congress. The or-
ganic law requires the Board of Public Works
yearly to make their report t,o the President
of the United States, and the President sub-
mits that to Congress. The report takes the
usual course, or ought to take the usual course
of being printed, so that it may go into the
hands of members. I understand that this
report is in process of being printed, and
have no doubt it will be printed and paid for
in the end, but I am sorely afraid it will not be
printed until after Congress adjourns. Io the
mean time, in legislating on the subject to
which it refers, we are legislating somewhat
in the dark.
I have said that it has been revised and cor-
rected, and mentioned to you that the last
page was suppressed. Besides this, pages
have been changed and the numbering altered,
while care has been taken to correct any error
which might militate against the interests of
the board. On page 51 there was a mistake
in addition in the first issue by which certain
expenses were stated to be $11,237,371 92;
this is corrected subsequently and made
$1,237,371 92. So it will not do to plead a
printer's mistake for such a flagrant omission
as leaving out the numbers of contracts. Even
all the original contracts are not carried out
in amount, as with those of Schooler & Hutch-
ings, on pages 12 and 13.
This is the report we are expected to legis-
late upon, a report which is manifestly a bald
attempt at trifling with the House, and which
should be returned to those who have prepared
it. Nor is the supplemental reportany better;
in fact it is only an additional piece of incon-
ceivable effrontery, a simple assertion that the
board will not disclose its secrets to any
authority, and recognizes no superior.
On the 4th day of December, 1871, on my
motion,the following resolution was adopted:
" Whereas by act of Congress passod May 8, 1872,
being.chapter one hundred and forty-two of laws of
1872, it was enacted that the debt of the District of
Columbia should at no time exceed $10,000,000:
Therefore,
"lieaolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be directed to ascertain and report what
is tho prosent dobt of the said District, including all
liabilities incurred by the Board of Public Works
thereof; and to further ascertain and report what
sum will be required to finish the work undertaken
by the said Board of Public "Works."
This clearly covered all the work done and
to be done under extended or amended con-
tracts, and covered all the liabilities of the
Board of Public Works; but the answer made
to it was little more than a repetition of the
report sent to the President. Some trifling
additions were made, and a few corrections, as
in the case of the Tiber sewer, to which I have
referred; but for the rest, reference was coolly
had to the first report, and the House is left
no wiser than it was before.
I have not attempted to analyze all the dis-
crepancies and misstatements in the report of
the board ; but from what I have given, no one
can doubt that money has been wantonly and
uselessly squandered in the District of Colum-
bia to a most disgraceful extent. The plan
originally submitted by the board was far too
grand ; no such magnificent scheme could be
executed • in any city at once; above all. in a
city that is far from rich, and has little business.
But even that plan has not been followed, and
in disregard of law the only plan has been the
will of the members of the board. -
The vice president when examined last
year testified that he could not point out a
single improvement which had been carried
out specifically as authorized by the Legisla-
tive Assembly, and since then the whole ori-
ginal scheme in its entire scope and character
seems to have been abandoned. This would
not be so bad if the substitute was a benefit,
bat every change has been for the worse, and
the city is being ruined for what in a short
time will be entirely valueless. There may
be some palliation in the weakness of human
nature for the man who steals public money
intrusted to him, but the official who squan-
ders it deserves the same punishment as the
criminal guilty of arson. The board has
mainly devoted themselves to laying concrete
and wooden pavements, although they are
the most expensive sorts, and no considerable
