1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1325
vessels and in steamships, and distinguishing
also iron from wooden vessels. And the ex-
penses necessarily incurred by the bureau in
obtaining such information shall be defrayed,
on the order and approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this bill, I pre-
sume, has been very fully considered by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and I would
like to know what information they have as to
the probable expense of procuring this addi-
tional information, and also especially whether
it is designed to send agents to Europe to
procure the information there as to the whole-
sale prices of merchandise intended for ex-
portation to the United States, and also
whether the chief of this bureau will have
authority under this act to send his agents
into the offices of the railroad companies in
the States and get all the information which
they have in their power to give, and how
much authority and power this act confers
upon that officer to interfere with private rights
and private property.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. There is no power
given in this bill to send agents to Europe.
The present chief of the bureau went to
Europe at his own expense. There is noth-
ing in this bill which gives to the chief or
anybody else a right to interfere with any
private interest. It allows him to gather his
statistics and classify them, directs him to do
what was in the first place the duty of the
director to do under the old law, and author-
izes him to gather for us the statistics which
so many gentlemen desire for the purposes of
legislation. It does not give him any new
power, but extends the subjects to be included
in the statistics gathered. I trust there will
be no objection to the passage of the bill. It
has been considered by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and is favored, as I know,
by a great many gentlemen on the floor.
Mr. CONGER. I see no provision in the
bill for procuring the statistics of the internal
transportation and commerce by water.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. There is such a
provision. The bill provides for the collection
of the statistics of the trade between the sev-
eral States and Territories of the United
States, exhibiting separately the quantities,
value, and kind of freight transported over
railroads, canals, lakes, and rivers.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope that, as
this bill covers in part the ground oocupied by
a bill which I desire to introduce from the
Committee on Commerce, my friend from
New York [Mr. E. H. Roberts] will not insist
on having it acted upon now. The hour of two
o'clock, when the Committee on Commerce is
entitled to the floor, having now arrived, I
do not wish to antagonize the bill; but as the
bill which the Committee on Commerce desire
now to report covers the ground more fully, I
hope he will not ask action on the bill he has
just reported.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I hope we will have
a vote upon the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined bills and a joint res-
olution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H-. R. No. 693) for the relief of
Charles Tnchler, of the county of Adams, Ohio;
An act (H. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Charles H. Mallory & Co., of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 1026) to confirm certain
entries of lands therein named j
An act (H. R. No. 1775) for the relief of
Kitty Ann Smith, widow of Thomas Smith;
and James A. Stevens, of the Cromwell Home
Guards of Ohio county, Kentucky;
An act (H. R. No. 2420) granting a pension
to Margaret A. Renshaw;
An act (H. R. No. 2437) to grant a pension
to Martin Zeeb;
An act (H. R. No. 2438) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Davis, of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 2508) granting a pension
to Eliza J. Fracker ;
An act (H. R. No. 2556) granting a pension
to Jane Thompson and Margaret Thompson;
An act (H. R. No. 2593) to readjust the
western boundary of Dakota Territory ;
An act (H. R. No. 2698) to provide for the
payment for certain property taken by the
Government for the extension of the military
reservation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory
of Arizona;
An act (H. R. No. 3253) to provide for the
appointment of a commission to complete the
boundary line between the territory of the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain, not completed under the act of August
11, 1856, to carry into effect the first article
of the treaty of 15th June, 1846;
An act (H. R. No. 3789) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund the differ-
ential duty on articles actually on shipboard
in French vessels destined for the United States
on the 5th of November, 1872; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 170) to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the international exposi-
tion to be held at Vienna in 1873.
REPORT ON MINKS AND MINING.
The SPEAKER by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a report
on the statistics of mines and mining in the
several States and Territories west of the
Rocky mountains ; which was referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining, and ordered
to be printed.
EMPLOYES IN QOARTERMASTEll's DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the enlisted
men and civilians employed in the quarter-
master's department; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
CHICKASAW NATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting^ an act
passed by the Legislature of the Chickasaw
•nation, entitled "An act to adopt the negroes
of theChickesaw nation, &c.; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
restoration to market of certain lands in Mich-
igan ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
SIOUX INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a_ letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, - in relation to a
deficiency in the appropriation for the sub
sistence of the Sioux Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF THE INDIAN SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an esti-
mate of appropriation required lor incidental
expenses of the Indian service in the various
States and Territories for the year ending June
30, 1873 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
CONDITION OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This day at two o'clock
the Committee on Commerce are entitled to
the floor to the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am directed by
the Committee on Commerce to report a bill
to the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league to allow me to make a brief statement
to the House about the condition of business.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will yield to my
colleague for that purpose for a few moments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not desire
at all to antagonize the order of to-day. I say
in advance that I do not, but I call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that there are but
fourteen days left of the session, and that four
of those have been assigned to special busi-
ness to the exclusion of all other orders, leav-
ing but ten days in which the appropriation
bills can be considered.
As the case now stands, of the twelve great
appropriation bills but two have become laws.
There ar'e"two in conference committees, and,
of course, wo may suppose that they are pretty
nearly in their final shape. There is one, the
legislative, &c., appropriation bill, in the House
in the Committee on Appropiations, and the
Senate amendments are set for consideration
for to-morrow, while the Military Academy bill,
the Post Office appropriation bill, the Army bill,
and the fortification bill are still in the Senate.
There are three that this House has notyet acted
on, the miscellaneous appropriation bill, the
river and harbor appropriation bill, and the
general deficiency bill; so that there are two of
the twelve great appropriation bills upon which
the House has not taken final action. Ouly
one of those bills has not been completed and
reported by the Committee on Appropriations.
I say this to show that the committee have
been trying to do their work, but I do not see
how, with all these special orders and with
the 22d of February probably lost, we can
possibly finish up the business of the session.
I give notice, therefore, that hereafter I shall
antagonize all special orders that have been
made.
I now ask unanimous consent to move that
on and after Monday next the hour of meeting
of the House shall be at eleven o'clock.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE.
Mr. SHELLABARGHR. I desire now to
report a bill with the recommendation of the
Committee on Commerce that it do pass; but
accompanying this bill there is a report of the
committee which applies to the subject-matter
of the several bills which were made a special
order for to-day. They relate to the internal
lines of our commerce. I will ask the Clerk
to read the report, in order to put the House
in possession of the subject-matter of the va-
rious bills. Before reading, I would like to
have an order made that the vote on this bill
shall be taken at half past three o'clock.
Mr. KERR. I hope that order will not be
made. The House does not know what this
bill is.
The Clerk read as follows:
Report of the Committee on Commerce on' mndry Kiln
for the conntt'uction and improvement of interior
lines of navigation.
Whereas cheap transportation to augment and
facilitate the commerce of the nation is a pressing
necessity at this time; that all the industrial ana
producing classcs of the country are demanding at
the hands of the Government a wise, liberal, ana
comprehensive policy in improving, constructing,
and aiding the natural and artifiei ;i channels of
water communication between the interior ot the
continent and the seaboard, tor the purpose ot les-
sening the cost of transportation of the stores < t
minerals, produce, and merchandise between trie
vaiious sections of the Union and with loreiLix
°"""solved, That the j.roposcil works -huuld !>c
