362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
until it is seen to which committee it may be
most appropriately referred. I move that the
message be priuted, and that it do lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVB MANSION.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
lit soh-eil. That the engineer in charge of the pub-
lie buildings aud grouuds be. aail he is hereby, re-
quested to report to this House at as early a day as
practicable the condition, capacity, and adapta-
bility of the Executive Mansion for use as an exec-
utive office and residence for the family of the
PreMdeut; and whether any or whatobjectionsexist
to combining the business office of the President with
his family residence.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
AMERICAN AND BRITISH CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I trust the
gentleman will not press that motion until I
ask unanimous consent to report from the
Committee on Appropriations, for considera-
tion at the present time, a bill to defray the
expenses of the American and British claims
commission.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the
sum of $113,500 for the purpose of defraying
the expenses of the mixed commission on
American aud British claims appointed under-
the twelfth article of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain signed on
the 8th of May, 1871, and the expenses of the
United States before the said commission for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
State.
Mr. HOLM AN. I have no objection to the
bill being referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
say to the gentleman from Indiana that when
this joint commission commenced their work
nobody could tell how much would be needed
in the way of expenses. They have found
$70,000,000 of claims filed before the commis-
sion. The claims are all in. They are send-
ing out to take testimony to every State and
Territory in the Union and to nearly every
country in Europe. The expense of taking
the testimony, of employing attorneys to take
it and of witnesses' fees is far greater than was
expected. Under the treaty five per cent, is
reserved on all claims found to pay expenses,
but of course the expenses cannot come back (
to us until the final award of the commission.
Mr. STORM. I call for the regular order ,
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow us to pass this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Sixty thousand dollars
have already been appropriated for this com- (
mission, and I must object.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
motion, and it was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, 4c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AVERILL : A memorial from the
common council and Chamber of Commerce
of Duluth, Minnesota, in relation to Duluth
harbor.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The petition of John
Allen Graves, for payment of so-called French
claims.
Also, the petition of A. M. Gangewer and
other managers of the Industrial Home School,
asking an appropriation.
Also, the petition of Ignatz Kraus, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of William P. S. Sanger,
for the payment of French claims.
By Mr. COBURN: A petition of soldiers
and sailors of Abingtou, Massachusetts; Bur-
lington, Vermont; New York city; Worcester,
Massachusetts; Danbury, Connecticut; Tren-
ton, New Jersey; Brewster, New York; Allen-
towu, Pennsylvania; Newark, New Jersey;
Hawleyville, Connecticut; and Woonsocket, |
Rhode Island, asking for the passage of a bill to
provide industrial homes, &e., for the orphans
of soldiers and sailors who served in the Union
Army.
By Mr. COGHLAN: The memorial of
Judge Buck, for the relief of the town of
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: Twenty peti-
tions, signed by 430 eitizeus of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, asking for repeal of all taxes on State
and national banks.
Also, for the refunding of certain taxes on
banks, alleged to have been irregularly col-
lected for the year 1870.
Also, the petition of Frederick Linnes and
William Wiegand, citizens of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, for damages sustained in the erection
of a fort.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
Mrs. Louisa Eldis, of Sandusky, Ohio, asking
compensation for rent of and damage to her
property, occupied by United States troops in
the winter of 1863-64.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The petition
of Calvin Burnet, company C, sixth regimeut
Ohio cavalry, asking for removal of the charge
of desertion.
By Mr. HARMER : The petition of manu-
facturers and merchants of Frankford, Brides-
burg, Whitehall, and Aramingo, in the city of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking for the
improvement of Frankford creek, situated at
and bounding the northern limits of the port
of Philadelphia.
Also, a petition and evidence in the case of
Philip Epstein and others.
By Mr. HARPER : The petition of S. K.
Stansill and others, trustees of the Jadson
Female College in North Carolina, asking for
compensation for damages on buildings while
occupied by United States soldiers after the
close of the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi: The peti-
tion of Henry C. Attaway and Thomas M.
Attaway, praying for a duplicate certificate of
& l&ud wftrran t
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Mrs. Abigail Griggs, of Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts, widow of Lieutenant
Nathaniel Griggs, for a pension.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Michael
Fillion, of Louisville, Kentucky, for compen-
sation for extra work done by him on the
stonework of the custom-house at Louisville
in 1855.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of the
Horticultural Protection Rights Association,
praying Congress to enact a law making it the
duty ot the Patent Office department to grant
letters-patent on new horticultural varieties.
By Mr. LYNCH: A petition of citizens of
Maine interested in shipping, asking repeal of
the act authorizing the appointment of ship-
ping commissioners.
By Mr. MOORE : The petition of William
H. Akins and Jacob D. Feltheusen, for exten-
sion of certain letters-patent.
By Mr. ORR: A memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of Sioux City, Iowa, asking that
Sioux City may be constituted a port of entry
and delivery.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of F. W.
E. Lohman, and Walter H. Ruth administra-
tor of Samuel Ruth deceased, of Virginia, for
compensation for secret service during the
late rebellion.
By Mr. RANDALL : The petition of James
Fulton, father of James Fulton, late of com-
pany A, twenty-third regiment United States
colored troops, deceased, asking a pension.
Also, the petition of Annabella Evans,
widow of Morris Evans, late a mounted guard
in the employ of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, who was taken a prisoner during the
late rebellion and conveyed to Andersonville
prison, where he died, for pension.
Also, the petition of Ellen Wilson, widow *
of John D. Wilson, late first lieutenant com-
pany I, twenty-ninth regimeut Pennsylvania
volunteers, praying u pension.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
John Dousdale, of New Hartford, Oneida
county, New York, late a member of the
twenty-sixth New York volunteers, to be put
on the same footing as to bounty as other
members of the regiment.
By Mr. SARGENT: A petition of citizens
of California, to accompany House bill No.
No. 3221, relating to grazing lands in Cali-
fornia.
By Mr. TWICHELL : The petitions of John
L. Britton, John C. Farnum, John Groves,
William H. Mace, and Joseph S. Dealand, for
pensions.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE: The memorial of
M. H. L. Byrne, and others, of Tennessee, in
favor of payment of French spoliation claims.
Also, the memorial of M. R. Rivers and
others, of Hickman county, Tennessee, for
the establishment of a post route.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition and evi-
dence of Josiah Wilson, of Salem, New York,
a soldier of the war of 1812, asking for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: The pe-
tition of Mrs. Joanna Judge, of Indiana, for
pension.
POST ROUTE BILLS.
The following bills were presented, and re-
ferred, under therule, to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr.  : A bill to establish a post
route from Vicker's Switch, via Price'B Forks,
to Cowan's Mill.
By Mr. POLAND: A bill establishing a
post road from Hartland, to South Woodstock,
Vermont.
By Mr. TERRY: A bill to establish a post
route from Poplar Hill, via Staffordsville, to
Eggleston's Springs, in Giles county, Virginia.
By Mr. WALDEN: A bill for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Richland, via
Talleyrand, to Keota, Iowa.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 7, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. T. R. Slicer, of Denver,
Colorado lerrritory.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 3274) to establish cer-
tain post roads was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
W. H. KIRK.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2255) for the
relief of W. H. Kirk, disagreed to by the
House.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That the Senate insist on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and ask for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the committee on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Ferry, of Michigan, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr.
Kelly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting the report of the Surgeon Gen-
eral of the Army, showing the manner in which
the appropriation for the completion of the
