1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLdBE.
2T
42d Cons 3d Sess.
Florida Contested Elections-Mr. Arthur.
Ho. of Reps.
coding the election, and shall have been registered
six days next previous to the day of election. A list
01 registered electors shall be furnished the inspect-
ors of election. The county commissioners shall
appoint three inspectors of election for each place
ot voting, and the electors present on the day of
the election shall fill all vacancies, and the inspect-
ors shall choose the clerk, and ail shall be sworn
previous to entering upon duty. Th© polls shall be
opened at eight o'clock a. m„ and be kept open until
sunset of election day; but the election board may
adjourn for half an hour between twelve and one
o'clock; and all voting shall be by ballot, and the
ballot-boxes shall be returned to the clerk of the
circuit court with the election returns."
Sec. 21. "As soon as the polls of an election shall
be finally closed, the inspectors shall proceed to can-
vass the votes cast at such election; andfche canvass
shall be public, and continued without adjournment
until completed. The votes shall be first counted,
and if the number of ballots shall exceed the number
of persons who shall have voted,-as may appear by the
clerk's list, the bal ots shall be replaced in the box,
-and oneof the inspectors shall publicly draw out and
destroy, unopened, so many of such ballots as shall
be equal to such excess."
Sec. 23. 44 The canvass being completed, duplicate
certificates of the result shall be drawn up by the
inspectors or clerk, containing in words written at
full length the name of each person voted for, for
each office, the number of votes cast for each person
for such offices; which certificates shall be signed by
■tHe inspectors and clerk, and one of such certificates
shall by one of their number be without delay de-
livered, securely sealed, to the clerk of the circuit
court, and the other to the coVinty judge of the
county; and the poll list and oaths of the inspectors
and clerks shall also be transmitted, with the certifi-
cate, to the clerk of the circuit court, to be filed in
his office.
Sec. 24. " On the sixth day after any election, or
sooner if the returns shall have been' received, it
shall be the duty of the county judge and clerk
of the circuitcourt to meet at the officeof said clerk,
and take to their assistance a justice of the peaco
of the county, (and in case of the absence, sickness,
or other disability of the county judge or clerk, the
sheriff shall act in his place,) and shall publicly pro-
ceed to canvass the votes given for theseveral offices
and persons, as shown by the returns on file in the
office of such clerk or judge, and shall then make
and sign duplicate certificates, containing in words
and figures written at full length the whole number
of votes given for each office, the names of the per-
sons for whom such votes were given for such office,
and the number of votes given to each person for
such office. Such certificate sha ll be recorded by the
clerk in a book to be kept by him for that purpose,
and one of such duplicates shall be immediately
transmitted by mail to the secretary of State and the
other to the Governor of the State.
Sec. 25. "In ease any county officer shall be
elected at any election, the clerk shall give to the
person who shall be elected a certificate of his
election; and the clerk shall give to any person
desiring a copy of such returns, from the record, a
certified copy thereof, or of such part thereof as
may be desired, upon payment to him of the cus-
tomary fees for copying and certifying.papers in his
office.
Sec. 26. "For the counties of Monroe, Orange,
Dade, Brevard, and Manatee, in caso the returns of
the polls held in such counties shall not be received
by the judge or clcrk within six days after the elose
of an election, the canvass shall be mado as soon
thereafter as said returns shall be all received by
the judge or clerk, and within twenty days after
sueh election."
Sec. 28. "On the first Tuesday next after the
fourth Monday in November next after any general
election, or sooner, if the returns shall have been
received from the several counties, the secretary of
the State, attorney general, and comptroller, or any
two of them, shall meet at the office of the secretary
of State, pursuant to notico to be given by the secre-
tary of State, (or. in his absence or inability to attend,
by the Governor,) and proceed to canvass the returns
of such election, and determine who shall have been
elected by the highest number of votes, to any office,
as shown by said returns. They shall make and
sign a certificate containing, in words and figures
written at full- length, the whole number of votes,
given at such election for each office, the number
of votes given for each person for each office, and
designating who shall have been ducted to each
office, which certificate shall be recorded in the office
of the secretary of State in a book to be kept for
that purpose; and the secretary of State shall cause
a certified copy of such certificate to be published
in one or more newspapers printed at the seat of
government."
On the 29th day of December, 1870, two of
the board of State canvassers, against the pro-
test of the third, the comptroller, rejected for
informality the entire returns from the
counties of Lafayette, Suwanne, Taylor, Cal-
houn, Sumter, Manatee, Brevard, and Mon-
roe, which, in the aggregate stood for contest-
ant 1,604 and for co'ntestee 783.
The protest of the comptroller was based
upon the proposition that the " rejection of
those counties upon mere technical grounds,
where there were no allegations of fraud and
no evidence of it on the face of the returns,"
was wholly unauthorized at)d indefensible.
The balance of the counties showed the fol-
lowing result, to wit-: for contestant 11,810,
and for contestee 12,489 votes, and the certifi-
cate of election was accordingly given by the
Governor to the latter, in virtue whereof he
"cow holds the Seat in contest. "
In order properly to determine this contro-
versy it becomes material for the House not
only to scrutinize those returns, but when
necessary to go behind them and give effect
to the expressed will of the electors of the
rejected counties wherever that will can be
collected by competent proof to be found in
the record.
lafayette.
This county was divided into five voting
precincts, to wit: New Troy, Summerville,
Cook's Hammock, California, and Governor's
Hill. The board of county canvassers re-
jected the three last named precincts, and
excluded them from their certified returns to
the State board. And their certified return
embraced only the votes cast at the two first
named precincts, to wit: New Troy and Sum-
merville. Total vote for Congress, 152; for
contestant, 152; for - contestee, none. And
the State board rejected that return because it
was not received by them until the 29th day
of November, 1870, after they had commenced
to canvass the returns.
This formed an irregularity wholly insuffi-
cient to authorize the House to reject votes
and returns reasonably proven.
The return was made November 23, 1870.
What are the facts as to the three precincts re-
jected by the county board?
1. California precinct:
It was rejected because one of the duplicate
returns was not, signed by the inspectors.
2. Cook's Hammock:
It was rejected because one of the duplicate
returns omitted the name of the county, and
one had no votes put down for State senator,
and the other had.
3. Governor's Hill:
It was rejected because no legal returns
were made.
In the first case, the California returns are
proven by a certified copy. They were signed
by the inspectors, and the returns show that
the contestant received 18 votes and the con-
testee none.
In the second case, the Cook's Hammock
returns, as proven by a certified copy, contain
the name of the county, and the returns and
the proof show that contestant received 16
votes and the contestee none.
And in the third case, these are the facts
proven, to wit: the inspectors were ignorant
of the prescribed form for returns, and a state-
ment of the polls was reduced to writing,
which the inspectors believed^ to be in form,
and it was signfed and placed in the box with
the ballofcsand sealed up and addressed to the
circuit court clerk in Troy, and contestant
received 33 votes and contestee 1.
The parol proof is reasonably certain to the
effect that at the Troy precinct there were 42
votes cast for contestee. These 42 votes should
be deducted from the 152 returned for con-
testant and added to the vote for contestee.
Wherefore, by the returns and the otheit
proof in record, the actual result in the county
of Lafayette stands as follows:
' Precincts. Contestant. Contestee.
Summerville 110
Troy v -  - &
Cook's Hammock  16
California  18 -
Governor's Hill-.   33 Jj-
Total ~H7 «
It is conceded by the contestee that the House
should receive and count the returns and votes
rejected by the State board from the four coun-
ties named, as follows :
Counties. , Contestant. Contestee.
Suwanne  318 230
Calhoun  loi 62
Sumter..  314 60
Monroe  359 428
Total   .1,092 780
taylor.
Certified copies of the returns, on file in the
office of the secretary of State, from the county
of Taylor, compose the proof of the election ia
that county.
It is objected to the sufficiency of those re-
turns as proof in this case that one of the du-
plicates required by law bears date as of the
2d of December, 1870, and the other as of
the *9th dajr of November, 1870; that the
former is signed by the county judge, the
sheriff, and a justice of the peace, and the latter
by the judge, the justice of the peace, and the
deputy clerk of the circuit and county courts.
As to the discrepancy in the date, that is
immaterial in the absence of any fact or cir-
cumstance raising a presumption of fraud. As
to the deputy clerk signing in one case and the
sheriff in the other, both are legal in virtue of
the twenty-fourth section of the act heretofore
cited herein.
Those duplicate returns are on their face
formal and legal, and absolutely identical as to
the vote for Congress, to wit, for contestant,
177; for contestee, none.
manatee.
The official returns from this county were
rejected by the majority of the State "board,
though in before the canvass ended, because
they were not in when the canvass commenced
on the 29th day of November, 3870.
The doctrine has been repeatedly settled
that the House will not allow a mere irregu-
larity of that sort, or even a-much graver one,
to have the effect of excluding a return. But
the insufficiency of the technical objection to
this return has been expressly conceded by the
contestee in an earlier stage of this proceeding.
And he now only insists that the return should
be excluded by the House because of sub-
stantial defects apparent upon the face thereof.
One of the duplicate returns, in proof by certi-
fied copies, bears date as of the 29th of Novem-
ber, 1870, and the other as of the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1870. This discrepancy, unaided by other
proof tainting the returns in matter of sub-
stance, is altogether trival, and may be' left
where the record and the proof leave it, unex-
plained. It is further objected, that those
returns should be rejected because it is patent
on the face of them that they were not made
by the county canvassers within twenty days
after the election, as required by the twenty-
sixth section of the act quoted. But, as here-
tofore stated, on the consideration of a similar
objection herein, there is no circumstance in
proof raising any presumption of fraud, and
this Honse has again and again decided that
the choice of the elector and the validity of his
ballot shall not be defeated by the mere omis-
sions or informalities of careless or ignorant
officers of election, acting in good 'faith.
The duplicate returns in proof are otherwise
formal and regular in all respects, one of
which it is objected did not reach the State
board through the mail, the channel prescribed
by law, but was sent in an envelope addressed
to the contestant, and delivered to the board
by N. H. Pearce, who received it by the hand
of a courier from Manatee. This objection
ought not to prevail in the absence of proof
tending to impeach the return in matter of
substance. But that objection has no appli-
cation to the other duplicate return, which it
is not disputed reached the State board through
the prescribed legal channel. The two returns
