1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
Providence Hospital in this city has been ex-
pended ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
lays before the Senate a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting a report
of the Solicitor of the Treasury adverse to
the Choctaw claim, which will be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs. The opiu-
ion of the Solicitor of the Treasury is in print.
If there is no objection, the remaining part of
the document will be ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
submits the report of the commission created by
section eight, act May 8,1872, to examine and
report a plan by which the locomotive railroad
track in front of the western entrance of the
Capitol could be removed, stating that said
track has been removed by the Board of Pub-
lic Works of the District of Columbia, and
that the act of June 8, 1872, gives the desired
railroad connections. The report will lie on
the table, and be printed.
PKTITION3 AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented a petition of
merchants of Tennessee, praying to be indem-
nified for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of sundry
military officers, complaining of a discrimina-
tion against officers in the pensions granted to
disabled men for disabilities of the first, sec-
ond, and third grades, and praying for an
amendment of the pension laws so as to give
a proportionate increase of pensions to offi-
cers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of James L.
Baldwin, of Logansport, Indiana, praying
that certain internal revenue taxes assessed
against him in the months of Jane and July,
1872, may be refunded ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition from the inter-
nal revenue officers of the ninth district of
Indiana, and certain citizens and officers of
the city of Logansport, Indiana, praying that
certain internal revenue taxes assessed
against James L. Baldwin, of that city, in
the months of June and July, 1872, may be
refunded to him ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Nathaniel J. Beachley, of Bridgeport, Marion
county, Indiana, praying for pay as United
States surgeon, and for repayment of moneys
expended in the Government service in 1864 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I present the petition of
James H. Knotts, late a private of company
E, West Virginia volunteers, praying to be
allowed a pension. This appears to be a
special case, and one which requires the atten-
tion of the committee. A bill for his relief
passed the House at the last session, but by
some means or other was not acted on in the
Senate. The party, who is very deserving,
has been without attention all this time, and
I ask the special attention of the Committee
on Pensions to the petition, to which com-
mittee I move its reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I also present the petition of
the mayor and council of Harper's Perry,
West Virginia, praying Congress to donate to
them certain building lots for school and town
purposes. Theyallege that their former build-
ing, which was used for that purpose, was
destroyed by the Army, and they think the
Government ought to reimburse them. I
move its reference to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL presented the petition of certain
merchants of the city of Augusta, Georgia,
praying for the removal of taxes on State and
national banking institutions; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying for the establish-
ment of a consulate of the United States at
Prince Arthur's Landing, in the province of
Ontario; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
the United States and Brazil Mail Steamship
Company, praying for an increase of mail ser-
vice between New York and Rio de Janeiro ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
priuted.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Thomas J. Kerr and others, heirs of the
estate of Andrew Kerr, praying to be indem-
nified for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
the New York and Brooklyn Improvement
Company relative to swamp and overflowed
lands at the navy-yard in Brooklyn ; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Anna-
bella Evans, widow of Morris Evans, late a
mounted guard in the quartermaster's depart-
ment, and who died in Andersonville prison
July 25, 1864, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of the Phila-
delphia Board of Trade, praying Congress to
enact a law authorizing and instructing col-
lectors of customs to refund the full amount
of the differential duties which have been, or
may hereafter be, collected upon merchandise
which was actually afloat in French vessels
destined to the United States on the 30th day
of October last; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of
Calvin Bronson, praying that he be refunded
taxes on tobacco alleged to have been illegally i
collected, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that the petition
and papers be referred to the Committee on
Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on ,
Finance, reported a bill (S. No. 1312) author-
izing deputy collectors and other officers of
the customs to act as disbursing agents in cer- |
tain cases; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
same committee to report further amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising and
amending the laws relative to the mints, assay
offices, and coinage of the United States, and
I move that the original bill be reprinted with
the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Finance, reported a bill (S. No. 1318)
to authorize certain postmasters to deposit pub-
lic money in national banks; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
EXAMINATION OF BANKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3183) to authorize the examination of
certain banks, have directed me to report it
back without amendment. I ask for the pres-
ent consideration of the bill if there be no
objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Comptroller
of the Currency, in addition to the powers now
conferred upon him by law for the examination
of national banks, whenever he may deem it
useful, to cause examination to be made into
the condition of any bank in the District of
Columbia organized under act of Congress.
The Comptroller, at his discretion, may report
to Congress the results of such examination.
The expense necessarily incurred in the execu-
tion of this act is to be paid out of any appro-
priation made by CoDgress for special bank
examinations.
Mr. SHERMAN. The purpose of the bill
is simply to allow the examination of certain
banks in this city which are not included in
the national banking act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1313) supplementary to an act to
provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,
approved June 3, 1864, and to secure an elas-
tic currency to appreciate national obligations
and to reach specie payments without com-
mercial embarrassment; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the bil
be printed and lie on the table, and I give
notice that on Friday, after the morning hour,
I shall ask the Senate to take it up for the
purpose of referring it to the Committee on
Finance; and on that motion I shall desire to
submit some remarks.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1314) to provide for reclaiming and
improving the swamp and overflowed lands
connected with the United States navy-yard
at Brooklyn, New York; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will state that I present
this bill by request, without being committed
to or familiar with its provisions. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1315) granting the right of way over the
public lands to the Denver, Georgetown, and
Utah Railway Company of Colorado; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1316) granting the right of way over the public
lands to the Denver, South Park, and Pa-
cific Railway Company of Colorado; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1317) to provide for the holding of addi-
tional terms of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
KANSAS INVESTIGATION.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Remitted, That the sum of $10,000 be appropriated
from the contingent fund of the Senate to defruy the
expenses of the investigation by the Committee on
Privileges and Elections ordered by the Senate to
be made in regard to the election of 1871 of Senator
Alexander Caldwell.
There was an order of this kind made at the
last session, but the appropriation lapsed at
the end of the fiscal year. The committee is
now proceeding with this investigation and has
no money at its command. The Sergeant-at-
Arms has been advancing money to them. I
ask the present consideration of the resolution.
