APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Florida Contested Election—Mr. Arthur.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
correspond exactly in the result for Congress,
and no attempt was made by any witness to
impeach or contradict them.
By the concurring proof of both, the whole
vote for Congress was 153—for contestant,
153; for contestee, none. On the other hand,
the contestant claims that he received in addi-
tion thereto 39 votes at the Port Ogden pre-
cinct, illegally rejected by the board of county
canvassers on the ground that the officers of
election were not previously sworn, that the
certificate gave contestee one more vote than
did the ballots, and that the voters' names
were not checked off on the registered list as
required by law. All those alleged defects
consist of irregularities which of themselves
alone are wholly insufficient to authorize the
rejection of returns otherwise certain and
legal.
To prove those 39 votes were cast at the
polls for contestant and subsequently re-
jected by the county board, contestant ex-
hibited in evidence the certificate of the clerk
of the circuit court for the county of Manatee
of the "result or votes polled at Port Ogden
as per original returns on file in his office" in
a suit pending- therein growing out of a con-
test for State senator voted for at the same
election.
Evidence of the result of a return on file
consists wholly of inferences, calculations, or
conclusions of the witness. They may be
right, they may be wrong. And in this case, to
give effect to the certificate of the clerk, would
involve the substitution of the judgment of
the clerk in the place and stead of the judg-
ment of the House. That would be abdica-
tion of which the House is constitutionally in-
capable ; hence such evidence is clearly in-
competent. i'he result is a legal conclusion
of which the House is the sole tribunal. Pacts,
not results, must be furnished m evidence to
the House. From these the House will form
its own inferences, calculations, and conclu;
sions. A perfect transcript by the tenor of
the return, or other competent proof de hors
the returns, of the votes actually cast, should
have been offered. Neither of these descrip-
tions of proof is to be found in the record,
and it follows that the objection must be sus-
tained to the 39 alleged votes at B'ort Ogden,
and the votes rejected.
BREVARD,
So far as appears in the proof, the official
returns from this county were rejected upon
the same ground upon which was rejected
those from Manatee, with this addition, that
the returns were signed only by one instead
of three officers of election. The first objec-
tion is insufficient upon the rule above stated,
and the second is likewise insufficient in the
absence of any other circumstance, internal or
external, of the returns of a nature to dis-
credit them. In all other particulars the re-
turns are certain, credible, formal, and legal,
and no witness was called to assail them.
Moreover, preparatory to the obtension by the
parties of leave to reopen the ease and take ad-
ditional proof, the contestee expressly waived
all objection to the authentication of this re-
turn, whereby the contestant was induced to
dispense with cumulative proof de Jiors the
returns. , . <
By those returns the following is the result
in Brevard: three ballots counted by the in-
spectors of election for member of Congress
and Lieutenant Governor were written " Nib-
lack and Bloxham." Those three ballots the
board of county canvassers rejected properly.
They were void for ambiguity.
The whole number of legal votes cast for
Congress, 33 5 for contestant, 30; for con-
testee, 3.
DUVALL.
The county of Duvnll was divided into five
precints, to wit: Jacksonville, Mandonia,
Baldwin, Maypoijt, and Yellow Bluff. The
official count of the county and State boards
of canvassers, to wit, for contestant 471, for
contestee 898, consisted exclusively of the
votes past at Jacksonville and Mandonia.
The county board of canvassers rejected the
returns from Mayport, Baldwin, and Yellow
Bluff. ♦
MA.YPORT PRECINCT.
The votes in this precinct were rejected by
the county board upon the ground that a copy
of the returns was not received by the county
judge. The proof fails to show that a copy
was received by him, but does show that the
complete returns were all delivered to the
clerk of the circuit court by Andrew, the clerk
of the election ; and Rollins and Haworth,
inspectors of the election at that precinct, both
swear that the returns were made out in dupli-
cate in letters and figures addressed to the
county judge and the clerk of the circuit court,
and placed in the hands of their clerk to be
delivered to the former. And those returns
are not contradicted. They prove that the
vote stood as follows: for contestant 27, for
contestee 8.
YELLOW BLUFF PRBOINCT.
The returns from this precinct were rejected
by the county board upon the same grounds
upon which they rejected the vote of Mayp'ort
precinct. Calder, one of the inspectors, proves
that the returns of this precinct were on the
9th day of November, 1870, made out in dupli-
cate and left in the possession of Toombs, one
of the inspectors; and Calder and Dockray
prove that the vote for Congress in this pre-
cinct was 1G4. But that vote must, at all
events, be excluded, because there is no proof
in the record as for whom or in what propor-
tions the vote was in fact cast.
BALDWIN i-BECIKCT.
W. A. McLean, the county judge, in his testi-
mony says the return from Baldwin was re-
jected because in the opinion of the board it
was irregular and illegal, and because there
was no return from that precinct sent to the
county judge, and because the returns wore
made out in figures and not in writing in full
length.
As before observed, such irregularities are
merely technical, and when the result only of
carelessness or ignorance on the part of the
election officers, effect should be given to the
returns otherwise certain, credible, and legal.
Neither those returns not" certified copies there-
of are produced. But parol proof is offered,
by which it is established that there were cast
for contestant 30 and for contestee 4 votes.
JACKSON.
The returns from all the precincts in this
county were sustained and counted by both
the county and State boards, to wit, for con-
testant 874, for contestee 1,878.
Iil the fifth section of contestee's answer he
asks " for the rejection of the votes of said
county " upon the grounds following:
1. Thirty-nine votes were unlawfully received
for contestant at Underwood's precinct.
2. The polls were not opened until ten
I o'clock a. m., and were closed before sunset.
3. Violence and intimidation.
4. Four hundred persons "intent upon
going to Mariana precinct to vote for con-
testee" did not reach the polls on account
of violence, intimidation, and bloodshed.
In the argument the contestee did not ask
for the "rejection of the votes of said city,"
but asks that 200 votes not cast for him may
nevertheless be counted for him.
As to specification No. 1, there is no proof
in the record.
As to specification No. 2, it is proven that
the polls were in fact closed between four or
five o'clock p. m., and that the sun was not
then down.
As to specification Nos. 3 and 4, the proof
is in substance as follows:
There was a crowd and a struggle to get to
the polls. Persons nearest the polls refused
to give way, and a police officer struck a
man, who thereupon bled freely. About 150
voters went away without voting. Coker and
Jerry Robinson had a fight, and Terrell
slapped and kicked Jesse Robinson. Jesse
applied to the officers of election, (a ma-
jority of whom were Republicans,) and wa'g
refused. Jesse was a candidate at the same
election, and swore he voted for himself and
contestee. There was a good deal of profan-
ity, bluster, and confusion of brief duration,
which was suppressed by the police. But ex-
cept, perhaps, in a half dozen instances, there
is no proof that any of those who left offered
or desired to vote, that they were rejected
voters, that they had been registered, that
they were qualified to vote, for whom they
would have voted, or whether, in point of fact,
they voted before leaving, or afterward re-
turned and voted. And in the half dozen in-
stances excepted the proof fails to satisfy the
mind that such persons as were qualified
might not have voted by proper diligence and
resolution in seeking their turn at a crowded
poll and a full vote.
The several precinct returns are not in the
record, which gives only the total vote of the
county. And in view of all the facts there is
practicable but one alternative, to wit, either
to exclude the entire vote of the county, or to
uphold tlie votes and returns as officially re-
ported and sanctioned by both the city and
State boards of canvassers. To adopt the
former would be a manifest injustice to the
great body of the legal voters of both parties
in the county at large, who, in point of fact, did
vote. To adopt the latter would be to impose
no appreciable hardship at this time upon any
person. But neither course can have the effect
of changing the final result in this case.
Wherefore is upheld the vote of the county a8
officially reported and counted by the county
and State boards of canvassers.
COLUMBIA.
In Columbia the returns from all the pre-
cincts were sustained and counted by both
the county and State boards, to wit: for con-
testant, 094, for contestee, 487.
Contestee asks for the rejection of the re-
turns and votes of the City Hall precinct, in
Lake City, upon the grounds following:
1. The clerk of the election was not at the
time a registered voter..
2. Illegal votes and intimidation.
As to the first specification, the proof is that
J. L. Mitchell, the clerk, had been, and was
at the time, a legally registered voter. But
if it were otherwise, it is abundantly settled
that such defect cannot be permitted to vitiate
the poll.
As to specification No. 2, the night prior
to the day of election bands of colored men
were armed, roving about, halting white men.
Afterward some white men appeared armed
on the street. There were about seventy-five
or one hundred colored men and twenty-five
white men. Somefiringensued. On election
day a body of armed colored men, in column,
marched up to the polls. There was no in-
stance of any white man attempting to pre-
vent any colored man from voting. Green
Hutchingson told W. H. Paschall colored
men had been advised to carry their guns to the
election. Dr. J ohnson, Republican candidate
for the State senate, ordered them to bring
their guns. All the voting throughout the
entire county was done in Lake City, at three
precincts, to "wit: probate office, assessor's
office, and City Hall. There was no intimida-
tion orattempt to prevent- persons from voting.
Some white men and some colored men did
not vote. They were probably very retiring
