364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iudiaua asks the present consideration
ot' the resolution offered by him. Under the
twenty-sixth rule it must be treated as a bill.
By unanimous conseut the resolution was
read three times and passed.
PORT OR FORD HARBOR OF R8FC01.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
iiVio'reif. That the Secretary of War furnish to
the Senate any information that may be on file in
the War Depart mont relative to Port Orford, in
Oregou, as a harbor of refuge.
1'UK#111KNT1\L ELECTION IN LOUISIANA, ETC.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first busi-
ness during the remainder of the morning
hour, if there be no farther morning business,
wiil be the consideration of the Calendar,
under what is knows as the Anthony rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move to take ap
the resolution I introduced yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order. The Calendar will come up under the
rule unless some other business is taken up
by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. West] I understand has read the
resolution and has withdrawn his objection
to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to inter-
pose in favor of the Calandar against any busi-
ness necessary to be transacted.
Mr. SHERMAN. This resolution will take
but a moment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the Calendar then be
laid aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we should take
two more days for the consideration of the
Calendar. I hope at some time during this
session we shall go through the unobjected
cases on the Calendar. We shall thus reach
the whole of them, and generally afford agreat
deal of relief to the people entitled to it; and
even if the bills reported favorably are rejected,
that will be much better than to have them
resting on the Calendar and getting out of date
and memory, except by those poor fellows who
are claiming the relief.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar is
before the Senate until one o'clock, when the
Indian appropriation bill comes up, pending
which the Senator from Ohio moves to take up
the resolution offered by him yesterday, which
was objected to by the Senator from Louisiana,
but which objection is now withdrawn. The
Secretary will report the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections ic directed to inquire and report to the
Senate whether the reeent election of electors for
President and Vicc President has been conducted in
the States of Louisiana and Arkansas in accordance
with the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and what contests, if any, have arisen as to who
were elected as electors in either of said States, and
what measure? are necessary to provide for the de-
termination of such contests, and to guard against
and determine like contests in the future election
of electors for President and Vice President. That
for the purpose of speedily executing this resolu-
tion the said committee shall have i>ow«r to send
for persons and papers, to take testimony, and at
their discretion to send a sub-committee Of their
own number to either of said States with authority
to take testimony; audi if the exigency of this ser-
vice demands, the said committee may appoint and
employ suitable disinterested and unprejudiced
persons not resident in either of such States, with
authority to take such testimony as may be material
in determining any pending contest growing out of
the election of electors in either of Bald States.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it is my
purpose to vote for this resolution, but before
doing so I wish to make some observations,
very brief indeed, in regard to it, lest I might
seem to be committed to implications that I
do not intend to approve. This resolution
provides:
That the Committee on Privileges and Elections
is directed to inquire and report to the Senate
whether the recent election of electors for President
and Vice President has been conducted in the States
of Louisiana and Arkansas in aooordance with the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and
what contests, if any. have arisen as to who were
elected as electors in either of said States, and what
measures are necessary to provide for the determ-
ination of such contests, and to guard against and
determine like contests in the future election of
electors for President and Vice President.
It then provides the machinery by which the
committee may make this investigation. I
say I shall vote for this resolution, because
thore is an urgent necessity for action and for
speedy action, and I do not know that any
mode has been suggested that is preferable to
that provided for by this resolution ; that is,
any mode that is likely to receive the sanction
of Congress in time to be of any service.
But this resolution seems to imply that there
is a broader jurisdiction in Congress over the
Bubjectof the election of President than I have
been accustomed to suppose is vested in Con-
gress. It requires the committee to inquire
whether these electors have been elected pur-
suant to the Constitution and laws of the United
States. I know of no power in Congress to
pass any law on this subject except a Taw fix-
ing the time when the electors shall be chosen.
The only power vested expressly by the Con-
stitution in Congress is the power to fix that
time. The' provision is not as it is in regard
to the election of Senators and Representa-
tives, that the Congress may by law prescribe
the time and manner of election, but it is sim-
ply that Congress may fix the time in respect
to the election of electors themselves. The
constitutional provision is:
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a numberof electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to whioh the State may be entitled in the
Congress."
Each State is to do that, and to do it in such
manner as the Legislature thereof may direct,
and the power of Congress in the premises
seems to be limited to this. The third para-
graph of the first section of the second article
of the Constitution says:
"The Congress may determine the time of choosing
the electon and the day on Whieh they shall give
their votes, which day shall be the same throughout
the United States."
Now, if there is to be a contest of the right
of persona to hold the office of elector, it seems
to have been the contemplation of the framere
of the Constitution that that was a matter to be
provided for by the States themselves; that
each State must determine for itself the elec-
tion of electors, and determine in such mode
as it shall provide any question that may arise
between different persons claiming to be
elected to that office. No jurisdiction over
the subject seems to have been given to Con-
gress; at least none such was in the mind, I
should think, of the framers of the Constitu-
tion, looking at the provisions of that instru-
ment. And when we come to the provision in
regard to the question of votes we find it is in
this language:
" The electors shall meet in their respective States
and vote by ballot for two persons"—
I am reading now from what was the original
Constitution—
" of whom one at least shall not be an inhabitant of
the same State with themselves. And they shall
make a list ef all the peraoas voted for and of the
number of votes for each, which list they"—
That is, the electors—
" shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the
seat of the Government of the United States,
directed to the President of the Senate."
The Senate will observe it is to be a sealed
return. That means simply that the return is
to be sealed up in an envelope, and does not
re.fer to any official seal verifying or authen-
ticating the return:
"The President of the Senate shall, in the pres-
ence of the Senate and House of Representatives,
open all the certificates, and the votes shall then be
counted."
That is superseded to a certain extent by
the twelfth article of the Constitution, which
is as follows:
"The electors shall meet in their respective States
and vote by ballot for President and Vice President,
one of whom, at least, shall not be an inhabitant of
the same State with themselves; they shall name In
their ballots the person voted for ax President, and
in diatinot ballots the person voted for as Vice Pres-
ident, and they shall make distinct lists of all. per-
sons voted for as President, and all persons voted
for as Vice President, and of the number of votes
for each, which lists they shall sign and certify, and
transmit sealed to the seat of the Government of
the United States, directed to the President of tho
Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the
presenae of the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives, open all tho certificates and the votes
shall be counted. The person having the greatest
number of votes for President shall be the Presi-
dent, if such number be a majority of the whole
numberof electors appointed; and if no person have
such majority, then from the persons having the
highest numbers not exeeeding three on the list of
those voted for as President, the House of Repre-
sentatives shall chooso immediately by ballot the
President."
There is certainly some ambiguity about this
provision in the Constitution :
" The President of the Senate shall, in the pres-
ence of the Senate and House of Representatives,
open all the certificates, and the votes shall then be
counted."
What function the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, in whose presence these certifi-
cates are to be opened and the votes counted,
are to perform, is not distinctly stated. Indeed
it is not distinctly stated by whom the votes
shall be counted, whether by the President of
the Senate or in some mode provided for by
law, or by the action of the two Houses who
are there as witnesses to the counting, or
whether indeed they are anything more than
witnesses, and the whole duty is not devolved
upon the President of the Senate.
It does not seem that the difficulty that has
arisen was foreseen, that of two returns being
made from the same State, as I understand to
be' the case in the States of Louisiana and
Arkansas. I understand at least in the State
of Arkansas, if not in Louisiana, there have
been two bodies who have cast their votes.
Mr. SHERMAN. In both.
Mr. THURMAN. In both States, each
claiming to be the electoral body, one casting
its vote for one candidate, another for another
candidate, and the returns or certificates of
both have been sent here to the President of
the Senate. If the Constitution had provided
that these returns should be authenticated un-
der the great seal of the State, then it might
be that Cbngte&s "#0uld have nothing to do but
look at those returns which ati tnua authen-
ticated ; but the Constitution contaih's no Such
provision. These returns come here unattested
by any seal •whatsoever. They cotne here at-
tested simply by a certificate signed by certain
fentlemen who call themselves electors of
'resident and Vice President of the United
States, and having no authentication ; that is,
there ii none provided by the Constitution, and
if any has been given to them otherwise, it is
superfluous, and can have no validity, perhaps.
They comehere in this way, simple certificates,
bearing the signature of certain persons claim-
ing to be electors.
Mr. MORTON. I call the Senator's atten-
tion to the act of Congress.
Mr. THURMAN. I am aware of that.
What act does the Senator refer to?'
Mr. MORTON. The aet of March 1, 1792,
referring to the third section of the' set.
Mr. THURMAN. What page?
Mr. MORTON. On page 806 of th« Man-
ual.
Mr. THURMAN. "That the executive au-
thorities of each State shall earise three lists
of the names of the electors ef such State' to
be made and certified, to be delivered to the
electors on or bfefore the said first Wedneniay
in December, and the said electors shall an'
nex one of the said lists to «ach of the lists
of their yotes." ... ■■
That is all very true, I was not ignorant of
that provision; but here wbaf tree you to,do
