M3.
THE CQtfGRflSSIONAk G^OtfE.
365
with cases in which there are t,wo persons each
claiming to he Governor, and each of whom
may comply with that provision of the act of
Congress ?
I mention this to show the extreme difficulty
there is about the subject and the necessity
for speedy action upon it, and to show that
our power in this matter is extremely re-
stricted. I do not mean, however, to say that
we have no power at all. I do not mean to
say that such a case as this can come before
us without requiring some decision at our
hands. How far our power goes I am not
now prepared to say; it is a matter that re-
quires the gravest consideration ; but I do not
wish to be understood as committing myself
to any implication that we have power to go
into the question of a contest of the seat of
these electors. We may be compelled possi-
bly from necessity to determine which of these
two sets of electors has the official evidence
that entitles their certificates to be received
and votes given by them to be counted ; but it
is a subject full of difficulty, and I do not wish
to be committed to any view of it one way or
the other, but I do wish that the evidence may
be taken and that we may have it before us,
and have it before as in time.
I purposely refrain from saying anything
about the very exciting question involved in
the electious of Louisiana and Arkansas. I
refrain from it because I do not wish to pro-
voke a debate that will delay the passage of
the resolution offered by my colleague. I have
very firm convictions on that subject, and have
very firm convictions that a very grave error
has been committed, a very grave wrong h&a
been perpetrated : but I .will not speak upon
that subject now lest it should provoke a de-
bate here that will consume time that ought
not now to be consumed.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. There is no
doubt that this is a subject of much import-
ance. If the election of the President for the
coming term depended pn the votes of Louisi-
ana and Arkansas we should now have much
excitement in the country. This is the oppor-
tune occasion for Congress toe apply a remedy
which will prevent futpre difficulty. 1"here is
hardly an official in the Uftited States whose
title to his office .capnqt be judicially ques-
tioned except that of an elector. Probably
that can be in State courts, but that does not
afford the secure relief we need. In all the
States, under a quo warranto, you may try the
right of every incumbent to his office, from
Governor to coroner. The qualifications of a
Senator or Representative are determined by
the Senate or by the House, but there seems
to be no way provided by Congress, and no
way, I believe, that Congress,, as the Constitu-
tion stands, can provide to" try the title of an
elector to his office. The tribunal which ought
to adjudge and 'determine this Question is, in
my opinion, the Supreme Court of the United
States, because that tribunal is further re-
moved from political influences than any other,
and because its decision would give greater
satisfaction to the people. But, sir, I do not
think yqru can confer jurisdiction over this
subject to tire Supreme Court of the United
States. Tfee original jurisdiction of that court
is by the Constitution restricted to three sub-
jects, to wit, cases affecting embassadors
other prnbTic ministers, aild consuls, and those
in which a State is h party. The appellate
jurisdiction of the court, as that court has
construed its power, extends only to the cases
that Congress has given it jurisdiction over.
Whether this be the true construction of the
Constitution as to the jurisdiction of that court,
I much question'.' Congress should have been
held to possess the power to invest the court
by statute with a jurisdiction as extensive as
the judicial power • deposed by the Constitu-
tion in the General Government. Congress
would not have abused the power, and such
seems the true construction of the Constitu-
tion. But the Supreme Court has restricted
Us jurisdiction by so maqy adjudications, that
they cannot now be expected to enjarge it.
The title of one claiming the office 01 elector
cannot, then, be investigated hefore the Su-
preme Court.
The Constitution does provide that Congress
may create inferior tribunals, and under that
power, if there were no other difficulty, we
might create a jurisdiction to try these ques-
tions, but the difficulty is deeper than that.
The difficulty is that an elector is an officer
of the State. There was much discussion in
the Convention that framed the Constitution as
to how electors should be appointed, whether
by the national Legislature, by the vote of the
people, or by the State Legislature, and the
result was as stated in article two of the Con-
stitution :
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
legislature thereof may direct, a number of elect-
ors, equal to the whole number of Senators and Rep-
resentatives to which the State may be entitled."
The matter is left with the States, and I sup-
pose every State has a statute regulating the
manner in whieh the electors shall discharge
their duty. Ifl New Jersey there is a statute
which authorizes the electors on the day of
their meeting in Electoral College, should any
of their number not appear by three o'clock in
the afternoon, to fill the vacancy. Therefore
I do not see that it is for the General Govern-
ment, as the Constitution now stands, to de-
termine as to the qualification of electors. I
take it that the entire control over the man-
ner of appointing electors is one of the re-
served rights of the States ; that they never
surrendered the right of determining who
should be these electors. The St$te  pos-
sess the right of determining who -etajlf fee
elected and who has been elected art elector,
as entirely as the United States Government
possesses the right to decide who shall re-
present the country in England or be an
embassador at Geneva. That is the view I
have of the subject, and therefore I think that
a simple amend meat to the Constitution to the
effect that disputes in reference to electors for
President and Vice President shall be determ-
ined by the 8upreme Court of the United
States, with a provision that Congress shall
have power to carry the amendment intoeffect,
would best meet the case. Such an amend-
ment would give the General Government
jurisdiction over the qualifications of electors,
and woold make the Supreme Court the tri
bunal to adjudicate. Congress would then
have the right by proper legislation to provide |
for summary proceedings to determine all
disputes relative to the qualifications of elect-
ors, as they should have.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wished in introducing
this resolution to avoid any premature debate,
nor will I allow myself to be drawn into any
discussion of the constitutional questions
necessarily raised by this resolution. It is-
sufficient to know that it is impossible for any
Senator to approach the consideration of the
subject without fuller and more mature inform-
ation than we have at present.
The suggestion made by my colleague I
would be very willing to meet, as he thought
it a serious one, by inserting after the words
" laws of the United States " the words "and
with the laws of said States," so that this com-
mittee may examine whether the constitu-
tional provisions have been complied with
under the laws of the United States passed to
secure the purity of elections, and also the
laws of the States providing for the election
of electors, because it is true that the laws of
each State must prescribe the mode in which
the State shall elect electors. If it will relieve
my colleague's mind from any embarrassment
or doubt 1 should be willing to accept such an
amendment, but it seems to me entirely pre-
mature to enter into the discussion of any
constitutional question now. This is merely
an inquiry. It is broad, general, and it is as
urgent as it is possible to make it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator make the modification ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I only suggest it if my
colleague desires it.
Mr. THURMAN. It would be better.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to insert
after the words "Constitution and laws of the
United States" the words " and with the
laws of said States."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator so
modifies the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope without further
discussion we may have a vote on the ques-
tion, and that the committee may enter at
once on the investigation.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to occupy
time, but I desire to make a suggestion to my
friend from New Jersey as to the duty that is
imposed upon the President of the Senate that
he shall "in the presence of the Senate and
the House of Representatives open all the
votes, and the votes shall then be counted in
the presence of the two Houses." The tribunal
which counts them, it seems, should have an
implied power to determine which are the
votes. They must do that in the first instance.
There would be a great deal of difficulty iu
fixing the machinery of presidential elections
whereby you could have the case ultimately
tried before the time when the President will
have to be inaugurated. You will find it, ex-
ceedingly difficult to have anything more than
a prima fade case wade out, euch as the per-
sons counting the rotes must make, ' They
must decide it at tb<Mi tune under almost any
arrangement you cap make by amending the
Constitution or in any other mode. It will
devolve on "some administrative tribunal to
deci4« it in the fix>&t instance. That is so in a
State in the case of an election for Governor,
and the person who gets the certificate is first
inaugurated.
It seems to me that legislation whereby there
could be a preliminary investigation for the
: benefit of those who cownt the votes and upon
j which they could' act in the first instance might
be of advantage for their information ; but I
think the counting of the vote must be done
without a prior judicial investigation. It is so
in all the States. It is impossible to have a
judicial investigation until the vote is counted
and the officer is declared elected. Under the
provision of the Constitution as it now stands
it seems to me Congress might enact some law
whereby alii thei information might be accumu-
lated in a contested case to enable those who
count the votes to declare a direct result. They
must declare some result, and perhaps legis-
lation might be had that would do away with
the necessity for mi amendment to the Con-
stitution. I can hardly conceive of an amend-
ment of the Constitution which will relieve
those who; count the vote from the responsi-
bility of declaring the result on the best in-
formation they can then get. It is hardly
practical to provide for a judicial investigation
prior to the counting of the votes and the
declaration of the result.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am
gratified that a resolution has been introduced
on this subject, because I think it one of the
gravest importance. I quite agree in that
respect with what was said by the Senator from
New Jersey. I do not, however, as at present
advised, agree that this is an insurmountable
difficulty under the Constitution as it exists.
It seems to me that the criticism of the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] upon the lan-
guage of this resolution and the implication
that it might carry is. quite correct; that these
electors are not appointed and were not in-
tended to be appointed by the General Gov-
ernment ; that it was left entirely to the States
to appoint electors in such manner as they
thought proper. The language of the Con-
stitution is not that the electors are to be
elected by the people, but it reads:
"Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of clec-
