1873.] ,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
42d.Cong....3d Sbss.
Colorado Territory—Mr. Hooper.
Ho. of Reps,
or very timid persons, who were repelled or
alarmed by the disorder the night preceding
the election; and there is nothing in the rec-
or.d.to prove that they were legal voters. Both
colored and white men were in fault, and
neither gave way to the other during the dis-
order, and the peace was restored and main-
taii d by the civil authorities. In fine, a care-
i l consideration of the law and the facts of
the case leads to the following
ke3ult.
Contestant. Gontestee.
All other counties 11,810 12.439
Lafayette  177 43
Sawanne  318 230
Calhoun  101 62
Sumter    314 60
Monroe  389 428
Taylor  177
Manatee  153 s-
Brevard  30 3
Duval! (Mayport)  27 8
Duvail (Baldwin)  30 4
Total 13,496 13,277
13,496
Contestant's majority  219
Colorado Territory.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. HOOPER-,
OF UTAH,
In -the House op Representatives,
January, 29, 1873.
The House having resumed consideration of the
bill for the admission of Colorado into the Union-
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, said:
Mr. Speaker : In the remarks which I had
the honor to submit to the House yesterday,
I said that those who denounced the Mormons
are compelled to go back from six to sixteen
years, and grope in the twilight of fable for
causes of complaint. I could ask no better
illustration of thfs than the last speech of the
gentleman from Montana.
When I point to the Utah of to-day, with
her light taxation, her growing industries,
her small farms, her clean handed officials,
her free roads, her progressive people, and
her mighty growth, the gentleman from Mon-
tana replies by a reference to laws which have
been repealed, to franchises which have ex-
pired} to grants which have been rescinded,
to. slanders which have been rebutted, and
to conditions which have passed away. The
past sometimes instructs us by its example,
and it is well to glance behind us occasion-
ally to ascertain our exact course and rate
of progress; but he will prove a poor states-
man, a poor legislator, and a, poorer politi-
cian, who is perpetually gazing out of the rear
of the ear, and who never sees either % beauty
or a defect until it has gone forever.
Since, however, the gentleman from Montana
seems determined that no view of Utah shall
be taken except a retrospective one ; since the
element he represents insists that legislation
with respect to Utah shall be based not upon
her present conditions and needs, but upon
her past history, I am compelled to refer to
that past. There is but little in it of which I.
am ashamed or afraid. There is much to
which I can refer with pride.
_ I deny that the local legislation of Utah has^
ever been oppressive, monopolizing, or pecu-
liar. I deny that emigration has been pre-
vented, that enterprise has been discouraged,,
that any rights of any citizen or sojourner have
been invaded, or that there is to-day any social
or political conditions existing there which
call for Federal interference; and I propose to
make my statements good—not with figures of
rhetoric, but by a reference to authorities and
It has been asserted in substance by the gen-
tleman from Montana that the Utah Legisla-
ture had passed laws in, violation of the organic
act and in hostility to the United States, and
notably the Utah law conferring or attempting
to confer chancery and common-law jurisdic-
tion upon probate courts has been held up
and denounced as wicked and rebellious. Let
us examine the laws of other Territories, and
see if, ap the gentleman from Montana asserts,
"Utah is the only Territory" which has en-
deavored to amplify the jurisdiction of the
probate courts.
The organic acts of Utah, Nevada, Idaho,
and Montana are in respect to the organization
of courts and the definition of jurisdiction
precisely similar, not only inspirit but in text.
All use the same language:
" The judicial power of said Territory shall be
vested m a supreme court, district courts, probate
courts, and in justices of the peace." * * *
* " The jurisdiction of the several courts herein
provided for, both appellate and original, and that)
of the probate courts and of justices of the peace,
shall be as limited by law," &c.
And with respect to the power of the terri-
• torial' Legislative Assemblies, the organic acts
of these four Territories are again precisely the
same, for in each it is said—
" That the legislative power of the Territory shall
extend to all rightful subjects of legislation consist-
ent-with the Constitution of the United States and
thje provisions of this aot."
Starting with similar organic acts, we will
examine the laws of the.different territories,
and see if Utah is alone in the monstrous
usurpation, the unheard of iniquity charged
against her, of clothing probate courts with
original common law and chancery jurisdic-
tion.
I refer to the laws of Nevada Territory for
1861, section six hundred and eight, page 418,
and to sections one and two, pages 82 and
83, of the laws of 1862, and I find that the
probate courts were given—
" Original civil jurisdiction of actions to enforoe
mechanics' liens, of proceedings in cases of insol-
vency, of proceedings in divorce cases, of all civil
cases in which the amount in controversy does not
exceed $500, or which involves the title and posses-
sion of real property situated in the county, not
exceeding $5C0." * * * * "And their
jurisdiction shall bo cooxtensive with the juris-
diction of the district court," &o.
Section six hundred and twenty-three, page
194, of the laws of Idaho Territory for 1864,
provides that—
" The probate court shall have concurrent civil
jurisdiction with tne distriot court of this Territory
of an action to enforce the Hen of mechanics and
others, and in all civil actions when tho amount
in controversy shall not exceed $800." * *
« * " Tho probate court and the judge thereof
shall have power at chambers to try and determine
suits of ptandamus, certiorari, and Quo warranto, and
to issue all writs necessary or proper to the complete
exercise of the powers conferred upon it by this and
other statutes; and, in the absence of the district
judge from the county, to issue writs of habeas cor-
pus and injunction."
Section six hundred and twenty-nine of the
same aot provides that—
"In all civil eases within their jurisdiction, the
probate courts and the judges thereof shall have the
same power to grant all orders, writs, and process
which thejdistriet courts or the judges thereof have
power tog-rant within their jurisdiction, and to hear
and determine all questions arising within their
jurisdiction as fully and completely as the district
courts or the judges thereof have power to do under
the laws of this Territory."
Sections four hundred and eighty-two and
eighty-three, page 139, of the laws of Montana
Territory, 1864-05, provide thp,t—
"The probate "court shall have concurrent juris-
diction with the district court in all civil actions
whero the amount in controversy shall not exceed
$2,500. The probate court and the judge thereof
shall have power at chambers to try and determine
suits of riiandaimix, certiorari, and quo warranto, and
to issue all writs necessary or proper to the complete
exercise of the powers conferred upon it by this and
other statutes; and, in the absence of the district
judge from the county, to issue writs of habeas cor-
pus and injunction."
Thus it will be 'observed that the probate
courts of three Territories, Nevada, Idaho,
and Montana, were given common law and
chancery jurisdiction, limited to some extent,
it is true, but none the less complete within its
limits. The common law jurisdiction was lim -
ited in Nevada to<
in Idaho to
Montana to $2,500; but if the territorial Legis-
lative Assemblies of these Territories had the
power under the organic act to grant concur-
rent or coextensive jurisdiction to the probate
courts at all, they might have enlarged that
jurisdiction to $10,000,000, or made it unlim-
ited, as readily as to place limits to its exercise.
iThe power o'nee conceded to pass the law,
and the remainder is but a matter of legisla-
tive discretion. So with respect to chancery
jurisdiction.! Nevada limited the chancery
jurisdiction of her probate judges to divorce
cases, proceedings in cases of insolvency, and
the enforcement'of mechanics' liens. Idaho
and' Montana go further, and permit their
probate judges to grant writs of injunction
when the district judge is absent from the
county. Montana has three district judges and
nine counties. Unless her district judges are
ubiquitous, it. follows that in Montana there
must constantly be at least six probate judges
who are clothed by her territorial Legislature
with all the great powers of chancellors, who
are . clothed with the very highest function of
all chancery jurisdiction—the power to issue
a writ of injunction. And yet the gentleman
from Montana stands up in the face of this
House, and forgetting the laws of Nevada,
which he helped to frame, and ignoring the
laws of his own Territory,, with which he is
supposed to be familiar, denies that in Nevada
and Montana the power has been given to the
probate, courts to exercise chancery jurisdic-
tion, and deliberately asserts that " chancery
jurisdiction has never been given to the pro-
bate courts by any Territory whatever except
Utah."
I can find no words of censure for the ter-
ritorial Legislatures which thus endeavored to
provide the people with local courts of com-
petent jurisdiction. I can see no defiance of
the United Sfates in this character of legisla
tion, nor any harm to any person on earth.
In all these Territories, Utah as well as the
rest, the right of appeal from the probate to
the district court is accorded, and the aggrieved
party can always avail himself of the dis-
tinguished legal abilities of the district judges
if he is not satisfied with the probate court
decision.
The- gentleman from Montana says that
" the book of Utah statutes is literally, filled
with charters for toll roads." The statement
is not creditable to his accuracy. If he had
taken the trouble to look over the Utah stat-
utes and compare them carefully with those
of other Territories, he would have ascer-
tained that I was right yesterday in my state-
ment that there had been less of this character
of legislation in Utah th^n in any of the other
Territories.
Why, Mr. Speaker, in the entire Utah stat-
utes, covering a period of twenty years, and
nineteen years ef her Legislative Assembly,
including also the enactments of the provis-
ional State of Deseret—the Government which
was organized by the people previous to the
territorial government being granted unto
them—there cannot be found, by my careful
examination, eighty franchises, covering all
grants for herd grounds, toll roads, bridges,
canals, canons, and ferries, not averaging four
to a session. The greatest number of these
passed at any one session did not reach forty.
How is it with the other Territories?
On examination of the acts of the Nevada
territorial Legislature for the year 1862 alone,
I find that of one hundred and thirty-seven
laws fifty-three were franchises, covering
almost every conceivable case where legisla-
tive power maybe exercised for private benefit.
There were twenty-six toll-road franchises,
