lm ...
THE. CONGRESSIONAL < GLOBE.
asking only that the Government will assure the hojdt
ers of the company^ bonds that the interest they are
entitled to will be paid by the company as it matures i
and to save the United States harmless in its under-
taking, the entire work is-mortgaged to tlie.Govern-
ment including its property, rents, tolls, and reve-
nues of every description.
The company does not ask the indorsement of the
principal of the bonds, but as fast as it completes
ten. miles of its canal it asks that the interest be
guarantied to the extent of $80,000 per mile,
The work will remain forever a freS public high-
way, fco all who desire- to use-it, upon.fhe payment
of such toll as will he just and equitable, and for all
Government uses it wi(l be tbll fr'ee. ' '
ENLARGKMENT" Of THE LOOKS OF TflK' ERIK1 ASfD
i OSWEGO CANALS.' , '
■ ' ■ [H.R. No. 69.]
The enlargement of one tier of looks oil the Erie
and Oswego canals,, thereby,,enabling the successful
application of steam to the propulsion'of boats of
six hundred tons burden, .which will more than
double the carrying capacity of boats navigating
said catiaJ,.as well as accelerating the movement of
the freights to double thq present speed. The di-
mensions of the locks required for that purpose will
he Wo hundred and twenty-five feet in length
with twenty-six feet chambers. The cost of con-
structing said locks, including the .removal of the
bench-walls and making seven feet depth of water
in said canals with seventy feet width on the sur-
face and fifty-two feet on the bottom, is estimated at
88,000,000. The work can be accomplished in one
winter by having the season of navigation in ad-
vance to prepare and furnish materials to execute
the work.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads desire that House
bill No. 3274, to establish certain post routes,
which has come back from the Senate with
sundry amendments, shall be referred to that
committee, and they will endeavor to insert in
that bill all the remaining post routes to be
established.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
COMMISSIONERS OF COMMERCE
Mr. SHELL ABAKGER, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 3951) to provide for the creation of a
board of commissioners of commerce, and to
prescribe the duties thereof; which was read
a first and second time.
The question - was upon ordering the bill, to
be engrossed and read a third time,
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of
War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary
of the Interior, and the Postmaster General
shall be constituted ex officio a board of com-
missioners of commerce, to be known by the
name of the board of commissioners of
commerce, any three of whom shall consti-
tute a quorum for the transaction of any busi-
ness of the board, and any person for the time
being acting in the place of either of such offi-
cers shall have, as a member of such board,
thesame powers as the principal officer in whose
place he may be acting; that there shall be
appointed by the President, by- and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a secretary
of said board, to be known and designated
as the secretary of the board of commissioners
of commerce) whose annual salary shall be
$4,000 J that the powers and duties of the
board, subject to the constitutional control of
the President in the premises, shall be to pre-
pare and execute and cause to be enforced
all contracts in which the Government of the
United States is interested, and which maybe
authorized by law to be made in aid of the for-
eign, internal, and coastwise commerce of the
United States; to see to the due enforcement
of all contracts made for the promotion of
- commerce, and to the faithful performance of
their duties by all officers having duties to
discharge in aid of commerce^ including onj-
cers having charge of the interests of immi-
grants and American seamen, exeept officers
connected with the diplomatic and consular
service, which diplomatic and consular offi-
cers shall," in the discharge .of their duties, be
unaffected by the provisions of the act ; to
dilligently collect, arrange, aud report, from
time to time, and at least once in each year,
to the President of the United States, to be
by him presented .with his recommendations
to Congress, all such information and statis-
tics concerning the commerce of the United
States and of other nations calculated to show
the condition of American commerce, together
with- any recommendations they may deem
proper in aid of such commerce; to discharge
all other .duties which.niay.be bylaw devolve*!
upon the board in relation to the commerce
of the United States; add that in the dis-
charge of the duties required by the act the
board shall have access to and avail them-
selves of all statistical accounts of the inters
nal and coastwise and foreign commerce of
the United States which shall be in the pos-
session or control of any Department of the
Government; and the board shall have power
to choose one of their body to be president of
the board, and to make such rules for the
government thereof and the transaction of
business as shall be needful, not inconsistent
with the laws of the United States.
Mr. SIIELLABAllGER. I now move to'
recommit this bill to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. KERR. A single inquiry before the
gentleman proceeds. Is not this bill which
has just been read, word for word, the first sec-
tion of the bill which a week or so ago was
considered by the House and rejected 1
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In answer to the
gentleman I will say that this is not word for
word, but substantially the first section of that
bill with certain amendments, to which'I will
allude. As I remarked, I shall not myself
take much of the time of the House to day. I
desire that the time shall be occupied by gen-
tlemen who are specially interested in these
water lines that are alluded to in the special
order of the House, to which the report of the
committee refers.
I trust, however, I may be permitted to
state generally the object, scope, and value
that we suppose are in this measure. First
of all let me say to the House that we, as a
great commercial people, present this anoma-
lous spectacle in regard to our legislation
here: we are the only commercial people in
the world that have not a board of trade ex-
actly analogous to the one here provided for.
That singular fact, has attracted again and
again the attention of the commercial minds
of this country. As every member of this
House knows, we have had national conven-
tions of what is known as our National Board
of Trade. Those national conventions, as we
all know, are composed of the most enlight-
ened commercial minds in this country; men
whose business, whose trade, whose .educa-
tion have made them thoroughly familiar
with every interest affecting the commerce of
our country. Those men have assembled
again and again in our Republic, have con-
sidered these vast subjects in every possible
light, and have again and again, year after
year, pressed upon the attention of Congress
the measures that they deemed most import-
ant and worthy of the attention of Congress.
I may be permitted to remind the House that
among those things deemed of the very first
importance by these conventions and the gen-
tlemen composing them is the very subject-
matter embraced in and covered by this bill.
Now let me read from a resolution of that
Board of Trade. I beg the attention of the
House to it, for it is worthy of our most care-
ful consideration. I go back to the year 1865,
and taking the resolutions of the national con-
vention of Boards of Trade held in that year,
I read the following:
" Eewhed, That in order to relieve some of the
Departments ol the General Government, and espe-
cially that of the Treasury, from many ot the de-
tails with which they are now crowded, and in order
to secure for the various industrial interests ol the
country the benefits of a systematized, experienced,
and permanent board, it is the judgment oi this
convention th.it a Government board of trade
should be lomed for the especial oversight and care
of all jjuestions relating to ou>- agricultural, manu-
facturing, and commercial interests, fortheeompiift-
tion of statistics, t for inquiry into casualties, and
for such other subiects as may properly be included
in such a department." , - - ■
Let me mention another fact, a sihgul&T one;
Since 1865 five successive national conven*
tious of these Boards of Trade, one of which
conventions met at Boston, another at Ehila'
del'phia, another at Richmond, Virginia, and
Another at St. Louis, have pressed upon Con-
gress this identical measure. Iii anotherreso-
lution of "the convention to which I have
already referred is the following declaration:
"Such a department exists in each ot the great
European' Governments, and has been found inval-
uable in the compilation of statistics; in tho prepa-
ration of b^lIs, relating to revenue, to navigation,
to the railway service; in the administration of
customs r in the inspection of steamboats and other
vessels; in the management of light-houses; in the
protection of the hurbora and coasts; and especially
in the maintenance of a definite ahd permanent
policy for the promotion of the varied interests of
the trade and oommeroe of the nation."
I commend to my fellow members of the
House the practical wisdom that is embodied
in these five successive recommendations made
by five-successive national conventions of the
commercialmen of this Republic—recommend-
atiorfs made unanimously so far as my mem-
ory serves me, and now pressed upon the at'
tention of Congress. '
I Wish now to submit some suggestions iA
regard to the provision of this section and it|
value. When this section was under debate
the other day, along with other sections, the
criticisms to which it was subjected, and to
which there was then no opportunity Of rebly,
were not well taken. It is not proposed by
this bill to give to this Government board of
trade any power to make any contract, to incur
any expense or outlay, to do anything that
involves the expenditure of money, except
when it shall be authorized by law. As will
be seen by a reference to the twenty-first line
of the bill, this board will have nothing to do
with the making of contracts exeept when the
contracts are authorized by law. So that no
member need apprehend that this board, if
created, will be endowed with powers in regard
to the expenditure of money except so far as
such expenditures may be authorized by dis-
tinct and independent legislation. In this re-
spect the bill is carefully guarded throughout.
It will also be seen that the rules which may
be prescribed by this board for its own govern-
ment are required to be not inconsistent with
the laws of the United States. _ - '
It will be observed, too, that the bill pro-
poses to create no new officer except one,
the secretary of the board. This officer should
be, and the bill fixes his Balary at $4,000 so
that he may be, a gentleman of large ability
and intelligence, capable of discharging prop-
erly duties so high and important as those
which will devolve upon him. We have in this
country, as I have already said, no board of
trade authorized by the Government. Every
other nation has such a board ; and in other
nations such boards are represented by an
executive officer who, though variously named,
is generally called a secretary, the designation
adopted in this bill. The secretary ordinarily
discharges all the routine and ministerial duties
of the board. He is, so to speak, the hand of
the board; he is their executive instrument.
Most of the duties of the board in the way
of compilation, collection, arrangements and
preparation, must of course be done by this
officer.
As to the general value of the labors of the
board, it is obvious that in the preparation and
arrangement of statistics, in reducing them to
their, logical results, in finding out tfhatthey in-
dicate aud require as legislation from Congress,
the recommendation of this secretary and of
the board are the great advantage which the
committee expect from the passage of this bill.
A bill which passed this morning provided
for the collection of statistics; and there are
provisions of existing laws which require the
