187a.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3*1
42d Cong....3i>Sess.
Oklahoma Territory—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
If a summons is- served by a Salt Lake City
policeman on a dram-shop keeper, he rashes
to the Federal court for a writ of prohibition,
and to the telegraphic agent of the Associated
Press With a tale of Mormon persecution.
If a woman of the town plying her trade is
arrested for a violation of the ordinance against
harlotry, she flies to the Federal judge for a
writ of habeas corpus. Salt Lake City is not the
peadeable, well-ordered, virtuous' city it once
was. Gaming hells, houses of ill fame, and rum-
shops, which once were strangers to its streets,
test:the strength of the city- corporation and
the legality of its ordinances. It is not neces-
sary for me to state here under whose protec-
tion and counsel they thrive, or from whom
they receive encouragement to defy the city
authorities. Yet there are some benefactions
of misnamed civilization Salt Lake City has
not yet received. There is no city debt, no
plundered treasury, no onerous taxation.
There are not wanting those who, if they had
the power, would force all these upon it.
The Legislative Assembly of Utah adopted
female suffrage. The gentleman from Mon-
tana sees in this another monstrous instance
of Mormon craft. The Mormons feared the
loss of power, he says, by the gradual change
of population, and increased their voting
power by this method. If they had adopted
it for the purpose stated by him it would not be
discreditable to them. But though the legis-
lators of Utah are far-sighted men, in this in-
stance he gives them credit which they do not
deserve. For the purpose of increasing voters
that plan had not occurred to them.
What are the facts* sir, connected with this
movement? When the Legislative Assembly
which passed the female suffrage bill met, no
less than two bills were before Congress hav-
ing for their object the enfranchisement of the
women of the Territory of Utah. Their friends
argued that the enactment of such a law would
practically solve the " Mormon problem."
"Give woman the ballot," said they, "and
you bestow upon her the power to regulate the
marriage relation and to emancipate herself
from the thraldom imposed upon her in Utah."
To convince the country how utterly without
foundation the popular assertions were con-
cerning the women of the Territory, some
mem'bers of the Legislative Assembly were in
favor of passing the law referred to; others
favored it, convinced of its propriety by the
arguments of the friends of that great political
reform. The bill became a law. The gentle-
man will not consent that the Legislative Assem-
bly in this action shall be credited with cor-
rect motives for what even he does not deny is
a correct thing. Sir, what is the real objection
to this measure? Is it because the women
vote, or because they do not vote as the gen;
tleman would have them?
The gentleman from Montana makes an
assertion concerning the ages of those who vote.
I might contradict it, and say that he is misin-
formed ; that in this, as in other instances, he
has believed the tales of slanderers. But let us
examine this statement, and see how much
foundation of truth it has. _ At the election
Held last August in the Territory for Delegate
to Congress and members of the Legislative
Assembly and other officers, the total vote
polled was 22,913. Without any doubt Utah
at that time had a population of at least
120,000. But suppose we throw off five thou-
sand and call her population 116,000, what
proportion does her vote bear to this? Not
one fifth. Her adult citizens of the United
States of both sexes all having the right to
vote, and yet the vote only reaching 22,913 !
I ask, sir, where is the evidence in these
figures of such an abuse of the ballot by
women as the gentleman would have you
believe exists there?
The gentleman complains that the Mor-
mons by means of the church-tithing system,
by labor tithes and cooperative labor, build
railroads in Utah, and he asserts that—
"Brigham Young has driven from the field of
competition nearly every Gentile company which
has attempted to build a railroad in Utah."
So far is this from being true that when-
ever any non-Mormon company has really
set to work to build a railroad in Utah, it
has received encouragement and help from
Mr. Young and the people. There have been,
so far as I know, nine railroad companies
organized in Utah Territory. The lines of
two of these are completed, while others are
partly completed, and on all of them work
has been commenced. They are the Utah
Central, the Utah Northern, the Utah South-
ern, the American Pork, the Bingham Canon,
the Jordan Valley and Little Cottonwood, the
Tooele, Sevier Valley and Pioche, the Par-
ley's Park, and the Echo and Coalville roads.
There is not one of these roads in which non-
Mormons are not large stockholders, holding
in every instance at least one third of the
stock; while there are several of them in
which Mormons own not a dollar's worth
of stock, they being the property entirely of
non-Mormons.
Railroads have been projected and organized
under non-Mormon direction. To the stock
of these, Mormons have freely subscribed, and
in no instance have they embarrassed, but
in several instances they have materially aided
works of this character. It is true that roads
have been built by Mormons who had con-
fidence in the business ability and responsi-
bility of leading citizens of Utah. It is true
also that many men were consent to work at
grading a road-bed and take stock and bonds
for their pay ; but I deny that any man, saint
or sinner, ever did a day's work on compul-
sion or without value received.-
We hear of paper railroad companies who
operate in franchises instead of building con-
tracts, who are better at procuring notes than
railroad iron, who have more time than money,
who want gigantic incorporating enactments,
and who- only ask that somebody else shall find
the money and they will furnish the brains, and
yet have not industry enough to grade three
rods of road-bed. It is this class of non-Mor-
mon companies alone who are "driven off"
by t.he Mormon system of railroad building.
The charter of thg Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-Day Saints has been the subject of
comment at the hands of the gentleman from
Montana; and such comment! He says:
" Here we have a statute in an American Territory
granting to acertain ecclesiastical corporation power
to pass a criminal code for the punishment and for-
giveness of offenses."
He stops there. He does not see that the
words "against church fellowship" follow
after the word " offenses" in the Charter, and
he seeks to' convey the impression that the
church is given by the charter a sort of crimi-
nal and civil jurisdiction in temporal affairs
with the power to enforce its decrees, when
the fact is, as every reader of the charter
can see, that the Mormon church is given no
greater power than is bestowed upon every
chartered ecclesiastical corporation or associa-
tion in the world, namely, the right to punish
offenders by excommunication, by inflicting
disfellowship.
Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to reply to
some of the statements and arguments of the
gentleman from Montana, To follow him
through all the windings of his misstatements
and misdeductions would exhaust the patience
of the House and monopolize the columns of
the Globe. What can I say, for instance, in
"reoly to the assertion that there are ten to
twelve thousand Gentiles and outcoming Mor-
mons in Utah, of whom eight or ten thousand
were in some way prevented from voting at the
last election ? I can only reply that there are
not half that number, and that no man was
prevented from voting who had a right to vote.
What can I say to the reiterated statement of
the gentleman from Montana that—
" In order to intimidate the voters the Mormons
called out the Nauvoo Legion and rode them in
solid phalanx through the streets of Salt Lake City
on election day ? " .
I can only say that somebody has imposed
upon the gentleman from Montana, and in-
duced him to place himself on record as the
apparent author of what is untrue. I can only
say that the statement is utterly destitute of
foundation in truth, that neither tie Nauvoo
Legion, nor any other legion, nor any body
of men soever small, by apy name whatever,
rode through the streets of Salt Lake City on
election day, and that no voter was intimidated
or kept from the polls. What can I say to the
assertion that—
"The Mormons refused to establish polling places
within twentym o miles of precincts where the
Gentile population is located t
I can only say it is a misstatement, ar>d that
Alta, and Cottonwood, and Corinne, and Bing-
ham, and Camp Floyd and Ophir, and in fact
every mining camp and town which dqsired it,
or applied for it, was given a polling place of
their own choosing.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I ask the House and
the country to be just to Utah. The cripje
of her people is, they will not surrender her
local treasuries to robbery, her local offices
to adventurers, her local legislatures to; the
control of wandering politicians. I know that
the popular indignation generally is directed
mainly against the doctrine and practice of
polygamy. But that is not the grievance of
those who incite and inspire many of the
attacks upon Utah. They would like to be
given the power to encumber the industries
and handle the public funds of Utah, and
polygamy might be practiced for all time with-
out shocking their morals or disturbing their
equanimity.
There shall come a day when the slanders
against an honest, earnest, industrious, pro-
gressive, loyal people will no longer provoke
applause upon this floor. There shall eome a
day when the thrift and temperance and pro-
gress and power of Utah, will be recognized
and appreciated. There shall come a day
when those who have wrestled with and con-
quered the brute forces of nature, and have
made the desert blossom, .will no longer be a
by-word for the ignorant and unthinkhig.
There shall come a day when the gentleman
from Montana will regret the utterances he
has placed on record here.
Oklahoma Territory.
SPEECH OF HON. H. MAYNARD,
OP TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
January 16, 1873.
The House having resumed consideration of the
special order, being the bill (H. R. No. 2635) for the
bettor protection of the Indian tribes, and their
consolidation ulidera civil government, to bo eallcd
the Territory of Oklahoma-
Mr. MAYNARD said:
Mr. Chairman : The remarks which I
shall make on this bill will have reference
principally to the Cherokee tribe of Indians,
the most numerous, influential, and powerful
of the tribes to be affected by it. That tribe
formerly lived in the States ofNorth Carolina,
Florida, and Alabama, and that portion of the
State of Tennessee which I have the honor ia
part to represent. Some remains of the tribe,
under the provisions of our treaties, have still
been found within the limits of my own dis-
trict, and have been a part of my constituents.
