1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
and then to see that the certificate is in due
form and that the votes were cast at the proper
time.
I shall vote for the resolution, Mr. Presi-
dent, with great cheerfulness, because it is a
subject, I think, requiring immediate and earn-
est and candid and fair consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This resolution and this
debate has opened the whole question in-
volved in the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] which he proposes to
discuss on next Monday, and it is quite evident
from what has been said by the Senator from
Ohio, the Senator from New Jersey, and the
Senator from Illinois, that even they are not
prepared to take any definite attitude in re-
spect to the use which could be made of this
information to be obtained under this resolu-
tion when it is got. I am not prepared to
vote for this resolution, nor any other, until I
can see with some reasonable clearness that it
would be within our power to make use of the
information, when we have obtained it, touch-
ing this question of the election of electors.
It is undoubtedly a very difficult and trouble-
some question, and we ought not to act upon
it or to enter into a complete debate upon it
until we have had time to reflect upon it; and
certainly, so far as I am concerned, until I
have had an opportunity to hear the Senator
from Indiana, who, I understand, has been in-
vestigating the matter for a considerable period
of time, and whose investigations and views
on the subject will be of great interest to us
all. I hope, therefore, that this resolution will
go over until Monday, when we shall have had
an opportunity to reflect upon the subject,
have the resolution in print before us, and hear
the Senator from Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont can demand the regular order,
which will bring up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I intend to submit .a
motion to postpone the appropriation bill, for
the purpose of disposing of this resolution.
I trust the Senator from Vermont will not
insist on the position he has taken. As a
matter of course, we expect to hear the sub-
ject discussed in many ways. The Senator
from Indiana has already the floor for Monday
next, to discuss the question df the necessary
modifications of the Constitution of the United
States to guard against the evils of disputed
presidential elections. But here is a natter
of fact, of inquiry. It is a question aa to
who are the electors from two of the States,
and that ean only be proven by testimony,
and it requires time to take testimony.
Louisiana and Arkansas are distant States.
It will require at least a week to send proper
persons there—a sub-committee of the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections, or others—
to take this testimony. The consumption of
one week, the delay of one week, may prevent
the taking of the requisite testimony to enable
us to deeide the question that will be presented
to the joint convention when we meet to count
the vote of the electors.
Now, sir, the passage of this resolution will
not interfere in the least with the full con-
sideration of this question. Indeed, the pas-
sage of this resolution will give the Committee
on Privileges and Elections jurisdiction of the
subject. The resolution already pending, in-
troduced by the Senator from Indiana, will
enable him to make his remarks, to give us his
views on the subject and the benefit of his ex-
perience. We cannot comply with the joint
rule of the two Houses without the very in-
formation sought to be obtained by this reso-
lution. It is impossible'for either the Senate
or the House to act in pursuance of the twenty-
second joint rule without this information. If
we therefore delay the taking of testimony, as
a matter of course we will postpone and prob-
ably defeat the opportunity of deciding the
question according to that rale with delibera-
tion and propriety.
I regretted, therefore, when this resolution
was introduced, that my colleague discussed
any constitutional question, because it is not
necessary to discuss the constitutional ques-
tion on a resolution simply directing the
making of an inquiry. As a matter of course,
a subject so delicate as this will enable the
Senate, composed as it is of able lawyers, to
discuss the question at great length; and if
you were to postpone the taking of this testi-
mony until the question involved in a disputed
presidential election could be fully decided by
the Seuate of the United States, you would
never have the testimony at the time fixed by
the Constitution and laws for the opening of
the electoral votes.
I trust, therefore, that, postponing ordinary
business, we will dispose of this resolution and
let the Committee on Privileges and Elections
take charge of the whole subject, and certainly
in due time we shall have a report from them
giving us information to act upon, and it will
not in the slightest degree abate the interest
with which we shall hear from the Senator
from Indiana. i
I will state further that I did not introduce
this resolution without consulting the Senator
from Indiana, showing him the resolution and
! talking with him about it beforehand, and re-
ceiving his opinion that it was important to
have the information sought for by it in order :
to enable the committee to decide and act on '
the very important question presented in this
I disputed election of electors.
I I trust that the resolution will be acted upon
1 now, and I will move that the Indian bill be post-
poned with a view to continue the considera-
tion of this resolution in the hope that we may
have a vote upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian ap-
propriation bill being before the Senate as the
! regular order, the Senator from Ohio moves
to postpone its consideration for the purpose
of continuing the consideration of the resolu-
tion offered by him.
Mr. WINDOM. Why cannot the appro-
priation bill, be informally passed over ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that. I do not wish to say a word further on
the subject.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not wish to interfere
with the discussion of the resolution, and am
content to let the Indian appropriation bill be
passed over informally until this resolution is
disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill has been informally passed over,
but it is subject, under the rule, to a demand
for the regular order by any Senator. It may
still remain in that condition, as the Senator
from Minnesota prefers it should, by general
consent. Does the Senator from Ohio with-
draw his motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.i
Mr. EDMUNDS. It might be a good way
in this body altogether to have all debates take
place after we have passed on propositions
which we were afterward to debate, because
then, if we convinced ourselves that we had
made a mistake, we should not be obliged to
| apologize to our constituents for having made
it intelligently upon discussion.-
There is no denying the fact thatthe passage
or rejection of this resolution involves a determ-
ination of s certain right in the Senate and
in the House of Representatives over this sub-
ject of the election of President—a jurisdic-
tion, as the Senator from Illinois has styled
it. Now, what is that jurisdiction ? Where
are you to go ? Both the Senator from Ohio
and the Senator from Illinois, and I believe
the 8enator from New Jersey—I was called
out while he was speaking—maintain that wo
have no right to go behind the election of the
elector, behind his certificate. If that is true,
then there is no nse of sending down to Louis-
iana to ascertain what is the certificate of these
gentlemen. Those certificates on "both sides
are in your possession. They are subject to
investigation and inquiry here on the spot, and
when you have yourselves looked at the State
seal and verified the signature of the Governor
it is a question of law, according to the idea
of these gentlemen, which certificate repre-
sents the sovereign and conclusive evidence
that the State sends you as to what she has
done. The Senator from Illinois does not ad-
mit by any means that we can go behind the
record evidence of who are electors, and in-
quire whether the people have been certified,
who got the majority of votes, and there is the
difficulty. Hence it seems to me desirable—
although I do not make any opposition in this
matter by any means—that we should take a
little time to reflect on this subject, and to
know precisely what is the scope of what this
committee is to do, what its power under the
Constitution is, as has been suggested, and
what use can be made of information it obtains
when you get it.
The Senator from Indiana maintains, as I
: believe, that this twenty-second joint rule is
one that does not comport with the Constitu-
tion, and that it infringes upon the rights of
the States and the rights of the people through
the States in the election of President and
Vice President, as provided by the Constitu-
tion. I do not think we should undertake to
get this information instantly and in haste go
into an inquiry as to how many people voted
for one set of electors and how many for the
other, instead of confining ourselves to the
validity of the document which has been sent
to the Vice President on the one side and the
other, as to which bears the great seal of the
t State, who was the proper repository of the
great seal, whether the signatures be genu-
ine if there be any dispute about it. I sup-
pose there is none of that kind, but merely a
question that arises on the general political
situation. But as I say, I did not rose to dis-
cuss this question—I only rose to say that it
appears to me to be wise to treat this resolu-
tion just as we do others of great importance,
and get all the light we honestly can before we
act upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont did not quite understand me if he under-
stood me to say that we could not go behind
the certificate. I think where there are two
bodies claiming to be electors from a State we
must necessarily have the right to inquire
which is the proper electoral college of that
State; but I question whether we could go so
far as to go behind the election. We might
inquire as to whether the organized electoral
college Which sends the vote here is the one
organized under the authority of the Legisla-
ture of the State, and there being here two
sets of electors, as I understand, we must
necessarily inquire into the organization of
those electoral colleges.
Mr.- EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
"organization?" To find out which has got
the most votes?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Which has got the most
votes, not by inquiring into the right of parties
to vote, and, perhaps, not as to the number
of votes. I am not prepared to say how far
we can go; but certainly we can go far enough.
Some inquiry is necessary to determine which
of these is the electoral college of the State
according to the forms adopted in that State
to express its choice for President and Vice
President of the United States. We can go
that far.
Mr. CONKLING. As we are to vote now
it seems on this resolution, I venture to say a
word about it, only, perhaps, to show my
want of appreciation of the gravity and scope
of the questions it involves.
I always dissent with diffidence from any sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Vermont, yet
it seems to me we leap before we come to the
stile when we discuss at this time all the ultimate
powers of the Senate or of Congress touching the
recognition of presidential electors, as if those
powers were in some definite sense involved in
