368
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
the passage of this resolution. It seams to me
the resolution as introduced by the Senator
from Ohio, not improved, I think, by the
amendment he has proposed, may be adopted
and voted for by every Senator who lias ex-
pressed his views on the subject without his
vote shedding any light upon his impressions
or convictions of these questious of ultimate
power, and without forecasting in any way
how they should be decided.
Let me see whether I am right. The Con-
stitution ordains that—
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of elect-
or?, equal to the whole number of Senators and
Representatives to which the State may be entitled
in tho Congress; but no Senator or Representative,
or person holding an office of trust or profit under
the United States, shall be appointed an elector."
And again :
" The Congress may determine the time of choos-
ing the electors, anu the day on which they shall
give their votes; which day shall be the same
throughout the United States."
These provisions show that the two Houses
may exercise jurisdiction over the matter of
choosing electors in some regards ; but I will
presently dismiss these particular delegations
of power to Congress for the purpose of what
I am going to say. Did the Constitution stand
with the naked provision that the States may
appoint electors in such manner as they estab-
lish, I could hardly discover impropriety in this
resolution. What does it propose ? To inquire
whether in certain States the Constitution has,
in this respect, been executed, and whether it
has been executed according to its own require-
ments and the requirements of the laws of the
United States; that k all. Keeping before ua for
the moment the express delegations of author-
ity to Congress, may we not inquire whether
the electors appointed are persons holding offi-
ces of trust or profit under the United States?
May we not inquire whether they were elected
on the day specified? May we not inquire
whether they were chosen at the place re-
quired? Undoubtedly we may. These to be
3ure are exceptions named by the Constitution.
But if we dismiss these particular exoeptioas
there are still broader exceptions yet in the
Constitution giving to Congress topics of in-
quiry andground for action. The States are un-
doubtedly to appoint electors, and to appoint
in such manner as the Legislature may direct.
This is clear.
Unquestionably South Carolina had a light,
and exercised it for years, to appoint electors
through her Legislature. It has been said
that the Governor might be commissioned to
appoint them in a State. Very likely. It so
happens, however, that in the States in ques-
tion the direction is that the electors be chosen
at a popular election, and in no other way,
and that they be chosen by the same voters
who at that same election are entitled to
vote for other officers. Who are, or rather,
iu the two States in question, who were these
voters? The Constitution of the United
States says that no State shall exclude from
the right to participate in this very choice
(because it becomes this choice when the State
has said that electors shall be chosen by
force of that election) any man by reason of
his race or color. Suppose we are informed
that in some State where one race of men
predominate they have all been excluded
from this choice, the State having previously
said that electors in that State are to be chosen
only by this popular election. Can we not
inquire—and I adopt the most narrow limit
of inquiry defined in the phraseology of any
Senator who has participated in this debate—
whether these men are in law and in truth,
electors or not?
Suppose it tarns out that in the State of
Louisiana one hundred and fifty thousand
qualified citizens voted for certain electors,
and that all their votes were excluded from
the count, and that'twenty thousand only voted
for other electors, can we not inquire whether
in truth these men who had a constituency of
but twenty thousand behind them are the
electors claiming to have been appointed by
Louisiana in the way she has " directed " and
prescribed? If we can, then I submit the
question degenerates into the verbal mode of
stating it. One Senator says we have a right
to inquire whetherthe claimants are the elect-
ors appointed by Louisiana. Take it so ; how
are we going to find out? Suppose it turns
out that there has been no eleotion at all; sup-
pose tbe whole election went down, trodden
out under the hoof of brute violence; suppose
military power or a mob rode over the elec-
tion, and there were no ballots or ballot-boxes
at all, and certificates come here, may we not
inquire whether those certified were in truth
appointed by Louisiana? After we have in-
quired,what use or bow many uses we may
make ultimately of the information it seems
to me premature now to consider ; the inform-
ation may be of little value, if you please, yet
surely we can suppose plenty of usee to be
made of it within the admitted scope of the
Constitution.
These uses would warrant the inquiry ; but
if no uses would render it worth while to in-
quire, still even the warthlessness of tbe re-
sult would not prove that we usurp power, or
violate the Constitution, or prey upon the
States by obtaining the information.
But I go further than to maintain the naked
power of Congress to inquire. I insist that
we can utilize the result of the inquiry, and
employ the facts in our action upon counting
or refusing to count electoral votes for Presi-
dent or Vice President
I Bee no reason to doubt that any State hav-
ing provided a popular election as the mode
and the only mode of appointing electors, and
it being alleged that no such election had been
held, or that the election was a mere mockery
or mob, violative not only of the laws of
Louisiana, but in violation of the supreme law
of the United States, we are within the scope
of our power in sending a committee to find
whether tbe allegations be fietion or fact. In
both views I feel at liberty to vote for this
resolution, not. only without committing my-
self upon aU the ultimate questions to be
raised, but without seeing the pertinency of
these questions in respect of out power to
adopt this resolution as it stands.
To- ascertain and make record of the facta, I
will vote for the resolution. This alone will
be wholesome; and I will vote for it also for
the use we may make of the facts in counting
electoral votes and in determining any other
proceeding which may come within our
province.
Mr. President, I wish to say one word more.
The honorable Senator from Ohio farthest
from me [Mr. Thubmun] deprecated a debate
on the merits of the Louisiana doings, and
said he should abstain from all allusion to
them; and straightway he proceeded to de-
clare that he believed a " great wrong "—we
all observed the emphasis with which he pro-
nounced the words—had been done in Louisi-
ana. I venture to say to the honorable Sen-
ator that even if he and I agreed, as perhaps
we mifrht in relation to some recent occur*
rences in Louisiana, we should probably differ
widely in regard to the responsibility and
blame to be attached to the "wrong" whiehhas
been there committed. I have no right to
ascribe to him any view of the subject, but I
have the right to know that in some of
the journals of the country the doinga in
Louisiana have been discussed as if a great
wrong is imputable to persons and officials
who, in my humble judgment, are as inno-
cent as the Senator from Ohio or myself.
However, like that Senator, I do not wish
to bring on a discussion of the part played by
the national or State authorities now. Let
us have the facts, and then we may go sure-
footed into the conflict of opinion which pre-
vails, and Then I will not shrink from saying
whatever the truth may demand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed a bill (H. It. No.
3850) establishing post routes in the State of
Maine; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3131) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of tbe House had signed the following en-
rolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental to
and amendatory of an act entitled "An act to
prescribe tbe mode of obtaining evidence in
cases of contested elections," approved Feb-
ruary 19, 1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 2206) for the payment of
R. M. Green for the use of his patent by the
Government;
A bill (H. R. No. 2606) repealing an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Joanna
L. Shaw'
A bill (H. R. No. 2775) for the relief of
Samuel B. Elliott, late acting purser of the
United States vessel of war, The Flirt;
A bill (H. R. No. 2900) for the relief of S.
D. Cochran;
A bill (H. R. No. 2990) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1874 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3005) for the extension
of time to the Winona and St. Peter Railroad
Company for the completion of its road ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3267) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire into
depredations on the frontier of the State of
Texas;
A. bill (H. R. No. 3259) authorizing the
Secnretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the English-built wrecked
sohooaer N. J. Miller; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3131) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 10) sub-
mitting to the Legislatures of the several States
a proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United Stated; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask to have
the resolution read at length and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Howte of Representative*
(ff the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the
following article be proposed to the Legislatures of
the several States as an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which, when ratified by
three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid, to
all intents and purposes, as a part of the said Con-
stitution, namely :
Article XVI.
Section 1. Disputes arisinr with regard to the per-
sons chosen as electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent in any State shall bfe decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Sbc. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce tbia
article by appropriate legislation.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
