THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
collection, of statistics through the Treasury
Department or the chief of the statistical
bureau. This, bill .provide? tfiat. the Govern-
ment hoard of trade, proposed to be estab-
lished,,shall have access to and avail them-
selves pf all, th§ collected by every
branch or bureau of.the Government. So tha,t
there is no duplication of work here. The bill
provides that this, board sWl' resort to and'
make available all whether collected
underthe bill passed this morning or apy
Other;;and whenever such statistic^m^y be
deficient, the board will be authorized to sup-
plement them,so as to make complete the circle
of intelligence affecting our internal^ our coast?
wise, and our foreign commerce. The great
yalue, probably, of this bill will be in rpethod-
isiing aadt ag I have said, deducing the logic
of the statistics that' shall be collected.
Every gentleman who has had occasion to
flptiee these volumes we issue year after year
of tables and of figures—undigested, crude,
unmade up, telling nothing, arguing nothing,
results from which are to be wrought out by
weeks of hard work—must of co.urse .conclude
they are comparatively valueless!. Now, if will
be the business and duty 9f.tiiis,bo&rd.tC>.d.o
*yhat ia done in e,ve%y other nation, to get a,t
these facta .and *mus*ics; what. they, argue,
what they 'indicate, what they require of the
l§gi§I$!,ion of the. country, and; to submit that,
through, the President of the United States, or
by their own recommendation, from time to
time, to the Congress of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, let me say right here to the
House that I. venture the prediction if you
w>H pass a, measure like this, whereby the
chigf officers, of the Government, the mem-
bers of the Cabinet, the men who, ought to be,
fffljj. who ordinarily are, the best minds and
abilities we have, less, liable to corruption,
to undue influence, to the power of the lobby
which besets us bete—whereby these men will
be thoroughly posted on these subjects, with
their recommendations, brought in in due form
as the result of a careful study of the statistics
Collected, it vyill pot.fail to be invaluable in mak-
ing out the line of policy and of legislation
we should have,mia, as has been stated iu the
resolution of the board of trade which 1 have
read, they will tend to secure fixedness, per-
manence, consistency in the policy of our
legislation bearing upon the commerce of the
country. And I doubt whether the mere mat-
ter,of. protecting Congress from the pernicious
influence of the lobby, by interposing between
that lobby Sod.ourselves the recommendations
of n board of high responsibility, enlightened
gentlemen as this—I say in that regard 1 doubt
whether its value can be estimated in dollars.
These measures which are pressed year by
year in the interest ot localities, in the interest
of particular lines for subsidies, .in the interest
of particular local schemes, will be required
hereafter to pass through,the scrutiny of the
board of commissioners of commerce; and
to that these gentlemen will be and, ought to
be referred first for the submission of their
projects, schemes, and recommendations; and
when they have passed through that ordeal, I
think we will be far more enlightened, far
more safe, far wiser, in our entering upon
the business of our legislation.
The bill wiU inflict on the Government but
$4,000 of additional expense, and I will say
in conclusion, My. Speaker, I doubt whether
you can do a wiser thmgat the present session
of Congress than to pass this bill.
I believe I will myself consume no further
portion of the time, and will yield to such
gentlemen who may desire to pursoe this
debate; but at the end of my time X will do-
maud the previous question.
The SPEAKER. To whom does the gen-
tleman yield ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will yield first
to my colleague on the committee from Mich-
Before the gentleman yields
igaii-
xUr. KERR.
to the gentleman from Michigan, I should like
to ask him two or three questions.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will hear them
with pleasure.
Mr. KERR. I desire to know ,for my own
information, and the information of the House,
whether, in the time allowed to this committee
to-day, it is the purpose of the committee to
bring before the House for, consideration any
other measure than the- one to which the
chairman has addressed himself?
Mr. S'liELLABARfiER. I answer that we
do propose, as soon as this bill is disposed, of
to. report three other bills, but with the recom-
mendation embodied in what was read this
morning from the Clerk's desk, that is adverse
to legislation at this, time, and in favor of
inquiry in the future, and preparation if these
measures shall be taken up. We ask for no
favorable legislation on the subject of the
bills at the present Congress.
Mr. KERB. After this is disposed of and
the other bills are brought before the House, is
it the purpose of the committee to give some
time for discussion?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is; and I will
say to the gentleman from Indiana, I am in-
formed by the Speaker the report from the
committee will open up the discussion of all
these various, questions at this time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I find that my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] does not de-
sire to speak until ata later stage in the debate.
I yield now five minutes to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. I agree fully with the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabaeger] that ours
is the only maritime nation of any commercial
importance that has no hoard of public trade,
and I agree fully with him further that it would
be very desirable now to establish such a
board in the United States. I will, however,
say that the boar4 which the gentleman pro-
poses in his bill is unlike that of auy board
of trade known to auy European nation. The
boards, of trade as organized in England and
Prance, and in North Germany, have certain
limited governmental powers. They exercise
control over a particular department of a Gov-
ernment, and indeed constitute very much the
entire treasury or commercial power, so far as
the regulating of international commerce com-
mercially with other nations is concerned.
I am in favor of establishing a board here of
a similar character, provided it can be done
consistently with our institutions and in a way
to. protect really the commerce of the country
and to:focilitate the further development of our
relations with commercial nations elsewhere.
This bill which the gentleman from Ohio re-
ports from the Committee on Commerce, I am
afraid, while it does not go far enough in one
direction, goes very much too far in a direction
in which in my judgment we have no real
power to go. In effect this bill proposes to
create a board of public trade or works, to be
composed of Cabinet officers, so far as the
War, Navy, Treasury, Interior, and Postal
Departments are concerned, and to divide
among them or rather to take them collect-
ively and impose upon them duties and to
confer upon them powers which under exist-
ing laws are subdivided among the different
Departments of the Government.
I will enumerate briefly the provisions of
this bill. First, the board is authorized to
prepare and execute and to cause to be en-
forced all contracts in which the Government
of the United States is interested. I think,
sir, that there are ample provisions of law
already which confer that power upon the
President of the United States, and, so far as
the different Departments of the Government
may go, to confer upon the heads of those
Departments all tli© power to execute and tQ
carry oiit and to protect the interests of the
Government with reference to contracts made
in those Departments. 1 see no objection to
that whatever. Still, in my judgment it pro-
poses to do that which must necessarily end
in a confusion and a dispute as to the en-
croachments of this new board, not only upon
the powers of the President, but upon the
powers of each Department acting separately
within the legitimate line of its own functions;
and it may also be susceptible of a construc-
tion which may, instead of protecting the in-
terests of the Government in making its con-
tracts with individuals, go further, and really
open the door to a ii,e,w line of frauds in the
administration of our Executive Departments,
But it goes further; and I desire the attentiou
of the gentleman from Ohio for a moment,
because I desire an explanation of this remark-
able power. This board shall " see to the due
execution q,nd enforcement of all contracts
made for the promotion of commerce."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The words w ex-
ecution and" are stricken out in the bill as
reported. It now reads, "the due enforce-
ment of."
Mr. WOOD. Then the printed bill upon
oar files is not the bill as reported by the
Committee on Commerce. '
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The bill as re-
ported has some corrections which were made
by the committee this morning.
Mr. WOOD. The amendment then pro-
poses to strike out the proyision fpr the due
execution of the contracts; and that provision
holds this isolated, distinct positipn in the bill
as it will in the law, if the bill is passed, that
this board shall have power for the due en-
forcement of all contracts made , for the pro-
motion of commerce. Now, sir, I would like
the honorable gentleman from Ohio to tell me
and the House whether it is designed to inter-
fere with private contracts made between, indi-
viduals for the promotion of commerce.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to go on for five minutes more. -
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have so little
time that I cannot yield further to the gentle-
man at present. Perhaps I may be able to do
so after a while.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman then will per-
mit me now to say that I wish to improve this
bill if possible. I make no factious opposition
to it; but I think it is crudely drawn, and that
it is susceptible of much improvement.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] for five
minutes.
Mr. COBURN. I have no apprehensions
like the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] in relation to the dangerous powers of
the board that may be organized under this
bill. The board is to be composed of Cabinet"
officers, who have a vast amount of business
to do, who have their hands full, with plenty
of power and authority to exercise in their
several Departments. And upon examination
of the bill I find that there will be but one
man who will be put to work really in this
business ; and that ope is the secretary of the
board. These officers have plenty to do with-
out having this additional duty put upon them;
and the secretary of the board will be the
dangerous person i.n the eyes of the gentleman
from New York who will exercise this tremen-
dous authority. Why, sir, the contracts alluded
to by him, as I understand, are such contracts
as the Government makes with steamship
companies for the carrying of the mails to for-
eign lands, and other matters of that kind;
and his duty is to see that the interests of the
Government are well cared for in such mat-
ters.
But I can very well see how a classification
of facts in relation to internal as well as foreign
commerce would be of infinite value. We have
now upon our tables a bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce for the improvement
of rivers and harbors, concerning which the
members of^ this House, excepting those from
particular districts, must necessarily be com-
