1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
oo9
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Wbole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2989) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Edmunds to strike out the following para-
graph :
Provided further. That the several appropriations
herein made lor teachers, millers, blacksmiths, en-
gineers, carpenters, physicians, and other persons,
and for various articles provided for by treaty stipu-
lation, may be diverted to other uses for the benefit
ot the various Indian tribes, within the discretion of
the President, and with the consent of said tribes,
expressed in the usual manner; and it shall be the
duty of the President to report each instance ofsu-.'h
diversion of appropriated funds to Congress at its
next session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Frelixghuysen] yesterday
suggested an amendment to this amendment.
Does he insist upon it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir. I have
submitted it to the Senatorfrom Vermont, and
I think he said he had no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I said I had no objec-
tion to the Senator drawing it up. We can
strike out that paragraph, and then my friend
can draw up his in due form. I will with-
draw my motion if he wishes me to do so ;
any way to get along.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My motion is
on page 71, after the word "be," in line
seventeen hundred and thirty one, to strike
out the rest of the paragraph and insert
" withheld when in the judgment of the Pres-
ident such appropriation can be properly with-
held so that the clause will read :
The several appropriations herein made for teach-
ers, millers, blacksmiths, engineers, carpenters,
physicians, and other persons, and for various
articles provided for by treaty stipulation, may be
withheld whenever in the discretion of the Presi-
ident such appropriations can be properly with-
held.
Mr. WIN DOM. Mr. President, I do not
know that I care much to oppose the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from New Jer-
sey, for I think I will accompany him in the
direction he has aimed at even further than
he will be willing to go. If the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the Senate are ready to abol-
ish all the Indian treaties, and will bring in a
bill to that effect, I will most cheerfully give
that bill my support. If it results in a gene-
ral Indian war, perhaps when we are through
with that war we can make a new deal and
start out with a better basis than we now have;
but I think it hardly proper policy to authorize
the President of the United States in his dis-
cretion to set aside any provision of a treaty
so long as we propose to regard these as
treaties at all.
If the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey has any effect whatever, 1 think it must
be this: that whenever in the discretion of
the President of the United States any pro-
vision of a treaty with an Indian tribe should
he disregarded, he may have the liberty to do
so, or is directed to do so. Now sir, I prefer
to abolish all Indian treaties at once rather
than to commence in this indirect—I might
add, small—way of interfering with these In-
dian contracts or treaties.
The appropriations referred to in this amend-
ment are provisions of treaties. For instance,
a certain tribe is entitled to a carpenter, and a
certain amount is to be appropriated under the
treaty to pay for that carpenter. It is possible
that the Indians may not need him ; but who
is to decide that question, if these are treaties
or are to be in any sense understood or acted
upon as treaties ? I think we have no
right to place within the discretion of the
President the power to disregard any one of
these treaty stipulations. We might save a
few hundred dollars here and there thaiotker-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 24.
wise would be appropriated or used where it
would not benefit the Indians, but at the same
time it seems to me a perfect and complete vio-
lation of the treaty obligation so far as it goes.
I believe that Congress has the power to abro-
gate every Indian treaty on our statute-books,
but let us do it at once and be done with it.
I know nothing gives the Committee on Appro-
priations greater difficulty than this very sub-
ject of Indian treaties. There are no bills
that come before that committee that involve
so many troublesome questions and so many
disagreeable questions as Indian bills. The
Indian treaties have generally, in my judg-
ment, been a fraud, and very largely so, and I
think they never ought to have been made; but
so long as they stand I conceive that Congress
has nothing to do but to comply with them,
or, in the exercise of its sound judgment and
discretion, abolish them. I therefore, Mr.
President, shall vote against the amendment,
although I care very little as to its adoption
or rejection.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am re-
luctant to let this matter pass without express-
ing my views, for by the expression of opinions
here the light is shining slightly into this great
question of Indian treaties. It has been my
opinion all the time that the Indians should
be treated by us as other human beings are,
and upon the same general principles. I be-
lieve that it is not the fault of the Indian that
he will not, under proper inducement, work.
I have been inquiring into that subject some-
what, and I find that the Indians work in the
British possessions now better than they used
to do, and to a very great extent. I know
they do in the State where I live. They are
willing to work wherever they can get employ-
ment, and I think that if more attention was
given by those who are endeavoring to civilize
them to this point of teaching them to work
and giving them employment, and under all
circumstances, as far as possible, avoiding giv-
ing to them something for nothing, they would
advance in civilization much more rapidly.
Under the provisions of our present treaties
the Indians are fed without any consideration
on their part being given for their support so
far as they know. They are receiving some-
thing for nothing. The effect is that it pau-
perizes them, ruinsthem. Every Indian agent,
and indeed every person who has given this
subject any attention in Nevada, tells me that
the Indians of Nevada are different from those
in the other States and Territories; they are
more willing to work ; they show more indus-
try, and the reason is because the people there
have employed them in various capacities;
they have been employed to herd stock, to
work on the farm, to cut wood and to carry
water, and it has been found that they are
willing to work wherever there is an oppor-
tunity.
Mr. THURMAN. They are now at work
on the Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. STEWART. And, as stated by the
Senator from Ohio, they are at work now on
the Northern Pacific railroad. Anything
which is an inducement to them to work is
better in its effect upon them than any of these
Indian treaty provisions. These treaties are
in fact in the way of improvement by industry.
They provide for making appropriations to be
expended in presents of food and other things
which are not at all useful to the Indians, or
at least are not beneficial to them in the end.
Now, as to many of these treaties, talking
about the solemn obligations of a treaty, the
circumstances are so changed that they cannot
be executed. In fact, circumstances among
the Indians change so rapidly in regard to
presents and rewards and other things of the
kind that these provisions cannot ordinarily be
executed ; and now the sooner we commence
legislating for them in an intelligent way the
better. 1 do not believe in any legislation on
this subject so radical as to disturb ail our re-
lations with, them or provoke an Indian war,
but I believe that when Indians are peaceable,
as in Nevada, the best policy is to treat them
as human beings elsewhere are treated, and to
hold out inducements to them to be industri-
ous. I believe there would then be no further
trouble with them. Instead of having—I
would like to express my views on this point—
instead of having large reservations in Nevada,
where there is a proposition now to have an-
other reservation established—instead of that,,
I think if we had six or eight places in Nevada
where these Indians could get employment,
and no aid or presents were given to any of
them except to the aged and infirm, we could
then get along with them much easier, and it
would be better for all. I think places could
be established where they could get employ-
ment. There are times when they suffer for
want of employment, but they rarely suffer,
where there is employment within their reach,
from laziness or an indisposition to work.
Before they will starve they will work.
If they are taught work and to accustom
themselves to labor, civilization will inevitably
follow. They will acquire habits of industry ;
they will gather property and will adopt the
ideas of civilized man. If the Indian depart-
ment of Nevada, instead of collecting the
Indians together as is the present policy,
would provide them work where they are, and
allow them and encourage them to become
civilized and subject them to our laws, I think
we would have very little trouble; and then
fifteen, twenty, or thirty thousand dollars would
go a great deal further in that way than by in-
directly pauperizing them, by collecting them
together and giving them presents. Where
Indiatfs are peaceable, I suggest that they
ought not to be moved around, but that they
be provided for where they are, and especially
that it be provided that they have an oppor-
tunity to work.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
there is a disposition in all the States where
they are to expel these Indians. Now, does
the Senator from Nevada think it policy to
leave these Indians in the States with all of
this hostility which we see manifested against
them and thus allow them to become vagrants
or would he prefer to civilize them on reser-
vations set apart for them—some country
devoted to the Indians, and where under the
care of the General Government they could
be surrounded by civilizing influences which
might be practicable under those circum-
stances, but which we know are now imprac-
ticable?
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe in mo
ing them away from civilization; I do not1
believe that is good policy. They may be aa
inconvenience in our midst; they may be in-
convenient to us is any other ignorant popula-
tion is. The inhabitants may wish and seek
to remove them, but I think it is very unjust
to the Indians, who in good faith desire to
adopt civilization, to remove them at all. I
never would remove the Indians from their
homes; I would keep them at their homes
wherever they are; I would enforce the laws
against them and in favor of them like other
people, giving them a chance to live like free-
men. I think the worst feature of our Indian
policy is that of forcing the Indians to move
about, and the questions of corruption in the
Indian department have generally grown out
of this custom of making reservations and
selling the reservations, and moving the In-
dians about from place to place. I admit, of
course, that it is an inconvenience to our
people who are near them. If they can get
possession of the reservations and send the
Indians off, the people of the State will always
do it. I do not believe, however, in devoting
to the Indians a whole State, but give them as
much ground' to occupy as they need, and if
the Government is going to do anything for
them let it give them labor; give them a chance
to work. I'his has been our feeling and our
policy in regard to the colored men. We have
