1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Oo g....3d Sess.
Safety of Life on Railroads—Mr. Ring.
Ho. op Reps.
of the Government, long since established by Indian
treaties and act's of Congress, our nations, by their
treaties with the Government in 1866, agreed that a
confederation of the Indians of the Indian country
should be'effected, the nucleus of which should be
an intertribal legislative body, to be styled "The
general Indian Council." That government has
been put in successful operation several years since,
ana its workings and machinery are well under-
stood by our people, and Congress from year to year
has kept it up by making appropriations to pay its
expenses, although our opponents seem blind to its
existence, ahd even pray for the establishment by
Congress of a territorial government over our coun-
try. Our people do not desire any change of gov-
ernment from that guarantied to them by their re-
spective treaties with the United States. On this
subject they have an entire unanimity of purpose.
They have sent us here earnestly to protest against
all such measures as the bill reported by Mr. Parker,
In conclusion, we would respectfully invite your
attention to the subjoined extracts from the report,
of the board of Indian commissioners, of which Hon.
Felix R. Brunot is chairman.
WILL P. ROSS,
Principal Chief,
J. VANN,-
W. P. ADAIR,
Cherokee Delegation.
PETER P. PITCHLYNN,
Choctaw Delegate.
MIKKO HUTKE.
COWETA MICCO,
NOCUS-YA-HOLA,
D.tf. McINTOSH,
PLEASANT PORTER,
- ■ TIMOTHY BARNETTE,
Creek Delegation.
Washington. D. C., December 10, 1872.
Indian territory.
The convictions of the board, that it is the impera-
tive duty of the Government to adhere to its treaty
stipulations with the civilized tribes of the Indian
territory, and to protect tbem against the attempts
being made to open their country for the settlement
of the whites, have undergone no change. The idea
that the Indian title to the reservations in the ter-
ritory is ever to be extinguished should be aban-
doned, and any congressional legislation which
would seem to have contemplated such a possibility
ought to be repealed.
It is not the opinion of the board that a barbarous
aboriginal race may shut out from the occupancy of
civilization vast regions of country, over which they
may roam, simply because they were firstonthe soil;
but we deny that the titles to the Indian reserva-
tions generally are affected by this principle. It is
peculiarly inapplicable in the case of the reserva-
tions in the Indian territory. The mere property
title of the aboriginal inhabitants was long ago ex-
tinguished by conquest and expulsion, and the pres-
ent occupants are there by whatever title was con-
veyed to them by the United States. Their lands
were not conveyed to tbem as an act of grace, but
for considerations which were deemed of ample
value by the Government; nor can their rights be
properly affected by tbe question as to whether they
are white, red. or black.
If national honor requires the observance of na-
tional obligations entered into with the strong, how
much more with the weak? To repudiate, either
directly or by any indirection, our solemn treaty
obligations with this feeble people would be dishonor
meriting the scorn of the civilized world.
The passage of any law for tbc organization of a
territorial government not acceptable to tbe civilized
tribes, which have long since ably demonstrated
their capacity for self-government, and which would
indirectly open their country for the ingress of the
whites, would, in the opinion of the board, be such an
infraction of our obligations.
That these Indian reservations are not, as has been
represented by those who covet them, to an unrea-
sonable extentlying unused by the Indians, and that
their owners "are not a horde of savage nomads,
standing in the way of civilization, as they would
have us believe, is best shown by the appended .sta-
tistics, compiled from the ninth census and other
official sources. It will be seen from the compar-
ison that the Indian territory, in population, num-
ber of acres cultivated, products, wealth, valuation,
and school statistics, is equal to any organized Ter-
ritory of the United States, and far ahead of most
of them. It has a smaller area than any other, and
a larger population than any excepting Utah and
New Mexico. It has more acres of land under cul-
tivation than Washington Territory, over one third
more than Utah, and more than twice as many as
Colorado or Montana. And the number of bushels
of wheat, corn, and other farm products raised m
the Indian territory is more than six times greater
than either Utah. New Mexico, or Colorado.
Although any addition to the force of these facts
will seem needless, it-is but just to remark that the
civilized Indians of the territory had their lands
devastated and their industries paralyzed during
the war of the rebellion in the same relative pro-
portion as other parts of the South, and have not
fully recovered from the effects, and that the reports
of this year show an additional marked increase in
42B CONG. 3D fc>KSa.—NO. 3.
population, acres of land cultivated, productions,
and wealth.
The partially civilized tribes, numbering about
fifty thousand souls, have, in proportion to popula-
tion, more schools, and with a larger attendance:
more churches, church members, and ministers, arid
spend far moreof their own money for education than
the people of. any (Territory of the United States.
Life and property is more safe among them, and there
are fewer violations-of law than in the Territories.
But we have had broached in this House
within the last year or two the doctrine that
the Indians are not political bodies to be con-
tracted with; that we are not bound by treaties
with them. Sir, we ought to have thought of
that when we were negotiating with them years
ago, in this beginning of this century, in 1817,
in 1819, in 1885. We then undertook to treat
them as political communities;' we did treat
them as such. They recognized our power,
and they have kept faith, with us, excepting,;
perhaps, during our late war, when by reason
of the conduct of our agents employed to
represent the Government under a previous
administration, a portion of the tribes were
betrayed or misled for a time into a hostile
attitude. For this they were subjected to severe
punitive measures by the controlling powers
of the tribes who remained steadfast to their
original alliance and friendship. Their whole
conduct during this period was made the sub-
ject of inquiry and settlement by the treaties
of 1866. ' It appeared that the hostile course
of certain parties, so far from being approved
by the tribes, had been resisted by measures
to punish more rigorous than, on further con-
sideration, we were willing to indorse. Hence
those treaties, in effect, condemn all hostile
acts by Indians in aid of the rebellion, so far
as they affected our Government. Shall we
then, by such legislation as this, be the first to
break faith and disregard the most solemn
obligation possible to contract with these many
troubled, much-enduring people? I hope not.
The time allotted for this debate, Mr.
Speaker, being limited, and the number of
gentlemen who desire to express their senti-
ments so many, that little more can be done by
gentlemen outside of the committee than to
give their opinions, with a hint merely of the
reasons upon which they are based. I yield
now the remainder of my time to Hrt colleague
on the other side of the House, [Mr. Whit-
thorne.]
Safety of life on Railroads.
SPEECH OF HON. ANDREW KING,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1873.
Mr. King, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following bill:
A bill to increase the safety of human life upon
railroads.
Whereas the preservation of life and the protec-
tion of person is a paramount duty of Government;
and whereas the loss of life and injury of person
caused by casualties upon railroads in the United
States is one of the increasing and alarming evils
of our internal commerce: Therefore,
He it renolved by the Senate und House t of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, J. That on and after the 1st day of Jan-
uary, in the year of our Lord 1874, it shall not be
lawful for any railroad company to run any of its
passenger trains unless suoli trains are fully equipped
with a power-brake, to be operated from the loco-
motive, so as to place them completely within con-
trol of the engineer.
2. That any railroad company which shall not
have equipped its passenger trains with a power-
brake at the time and in the manner directed in
the foregoing section, or which shall thereafter run
any of its passenger trains without being fully
equipped with a power-brake, operated from the
locomotive by the engineer, so that he can instantly
apply the brakes to the wheels of every car through-
out the length of the entire train, shall be liable in
a fine to the United States in the sum of $500 for
each and every day, or each and every trip of any
distance, that any train shall be run without such
equipments; and such- company shall be further
liable in double the amount of civil damages to the
legal representative of theawson killed, or to the
person injured, the same to be ascertained by a
court of competent jurisdiction.
3. That each railroad company in the United States
shall make an annual report,,ending upon the.30th
of June of each year, showing the number of miles
of road operated; the total number of passengers
carried; the total number of passengers, employes,
a-nd other persons killed and injured, together with
the character of the accident, whether by colliiion
or otherwise, and the amount in dollars paid by the
company for injuries to the person, by judgment of
court or otherwise, for the year preceding tbe date
of such report; which report, signed by the presi-
dent of the company, and by him ^worn to before a
notary public, shall be forwarded to the Bureau of
Statistics at Washington, on or before the' 30th of
August of each year. It shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury, in b is annual report to the
President of the United States, to include therein an
abstract of all such-railroad reports, for the inform-
ation of Congress: Provided, That each and every
such report, except as hereinafter directed, shall
bo a privileged communication, and shall not be
evidence in any court whatsoever.
4. Any railroad company which shall fait or refuse
to furnish such report annually to the Bureau of
Statistics as above directed, upon information given
to that effect by tbe Secretary of the Treasury to any
court of competent jurisdiction, ehall-be liable to be
restrained and enjoined from operating its road by
a writ of injunction until Such report shall be fur-
nished in pursuance of. this aet. And tbe Secretary
of the Treasury shall demand such report when the
period shall* have expired prescribed for filing the
same in section three of this act.
5. That any porson who shall sign and swear to a
false report to be made in pursuance of soction three
of this act, shall on conviction thereof be adjudged
guilty of a felony, and punished by imprisonment
in a penitentiary for a period of not less than five
and not more than ten years; and'the false report,
at the option of the court, shall be evidence on the
trial of the person indicted or to be indicted for the
offense named in this section. And the courts of
tho United States shall have exclusive jurisdiction
of all eases arising under this act.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, this bill does
not concern merely the gentlemen of this
House, whose attention is now invited to a
public measure demanding the gravest con-
sideration ; but it equally concerns every per-
son in this great land, and therefore it cannot
fail to touch the popular heart, because it is
based upon the purest, broadest principles of
humanity, the preservation of life and the
protection of .person.
Those standard telegraphic headings, " Per-
ils of "the rail!" "Frightful railroad slaugh-
ter!" are what we almost anticipate reading
every day, as we hastily glance over our morn-
ing paper; and yet, because we have never
witnessed the untold bloody horrors of an
Angola, a Revere, or a New Hamburg dis-
aster, or any one of a hundred others that
have suddenly hurled into eternity thousands
of lives, the effect of the intelligence has been
lost upon us before they were cold in their
graves. It is because these slaughters are
yearly increasing that this bill is offered and
its passage demanded. One third of all the
accidents that occur could be preyented by an
effective brake-power. Accidents do occur
against which no human foresight can pro
vide ; but these frightful collisions that scald
or burn the passengers to death, almost every
one of them can be averted..
Some tables are submitted here which can-
not fail to awaken every man within the sound
of my voice to a realizing^ sease of the magni-
tude of railroad interests in the United States.
From the opening of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad in 1830 we wound up in 1871 with
60,852 miles of railroad. (SeetableNo.l.) The
increase of mileage in the year 1871 was, 7,453
miles, and forthe years 1870-71,13,598. The
cost of building roads in 1871 was $275,000,-
000, and their earnings were $454,969,000.
The Governors of Massachusetts and New
York, and the chief of the Bureau of Statis-
tics, have generously furnished some most
valuable information. In the papers accom-
panying this bill especial attention is invited-
to the third annual report of the board of rail-
road commissioners for the State of Massa-
