1334
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
more instrumental in ealling the attention of
the whole country to the enormous freight
charges on railroads than the western pro-
ctueees of grain. The southern cotton plant-
ers have long felt the burden, and sought in
various ways to rid themselves of the oppres-
sion of highrailroadfreights; but as they had
some slight remuneration, in the enhanced
val.&eof their eottou crops,and could raise a
Snjallamount.of grain, they have been-able to.
near the oppression a little less complainingly
than; their western brethren, the, grain pro-
ducers) the value-of whose crops were nearly,
if not: quite, absorbed in the payment of
freights era they reached a market. The
criea. for help in this regard from western
farmers.have at length reached the ears of
Congress. Petition after petition is presented
to, both Houses, asking congressional interfer-
ence-iu.their behalf, and that railroads shall
be controlled in their charges bycongressional
legislation. These high charges are not owing
to the want of business on the part of rail-
roads. Prices are never so high as when there
is a gorge in freights. As soon as the Erie
canal closes for the winter, and the railroads
do all the carrying trade from the West, prices
by railaugmentten,twenty,and thirty per cent.,
compelling the farmer to keep his crops, or
part with them at ruinously low prices, prices
which will not afford him the other comforts
and-necessaries of life. The western farmer
witnesses the burning of his corn for fuel,
to keep himself and his family warm, know-
ing at the same time that if cheaper transport-
ation were allowed him he could dispose of it
to those who greatly need it for food in other
sections of the country, and would bring to
him not only fuel of a better quality, but also
articles of prime necessity, such as clothing,
shoes, bats, coffee, rice, and sugar.
This question of high freights on railroads
has, become so alarming to: the western people
that meetings to discuss it have been held in
nearly all the counties in Michigan, Illinois,
Missouri, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota;
and I am informed by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Commerce [Air. Siiblla-
barger] that eighty odd counties in the State
of Ohio, where he resides, have memorialized
Congress to relieve them from unjust railroad
tariffs, and to furnish them with cheaper lines
pf transportation.
A bill has been introduced in this House by
Mr. Hawi.ey, of Illinois, looking to legislation
00 the part of Congress which will relieve the
Oppressed farmers of the country. His meas-
ure provides for the appointment of a com-
mission to collect information as to the earn-
ings and expenditures of our railroads, their
rates of transportation for passengers and
freights, and all other information respecting
the operations of the various railroads and
their systems, with a view of reporting a
schedule of rates that in the opinion of the
commissioners ought to be charged per mile
for transporting passengers and freights, as
well as such legislation as Congress may deem
necessary.
In all candor I say that I do not believe
any substantial relief can come to the peo-
ple from oppressive railroad tariffs either
through congressional or State legislation.
Wherever State Legislatures have attempted
it the railroad corporations have spurned and
spit upon the statute, as has been demon-
strated in the State of Illinois. That State
enacted laws for maximum rates for passen-
gers, and against unjust discrimination on
freights. To-day the railroads in that State
put at defiance all these requirements, and
openly violate all laws on the subject.
" Railway kings" or petty oligarchs triumph
over the people and the laws. They live in
glittering wealth wrung from the hard earnings
of the working masses. They take from the
sons of toil that they may heap up " cor-
ruption funds" in order to grasp more power.
Their cry is that of the horse-leech, " Give,
give, give!" The question need not be asked,
"On what meat doth this our Caesar feed?"
A reply comes from every home in the West
and South that it is avarice and extortion on
the part of the railroad monopolies that beg-
gar their homes and make them poor in tne
midst of plenty, and that although their lands
teem with abundance they are without the
means to pay their taxes or. their laborers.
What Illinois has failed to do-in this respect
England has failed to do. A recent report
from a select committee of Parliament has
pronounced all English statutes on this subject
a failure. States cannot control the question
beyond their own State lines. The Congress
would find itself in inextricable difficulty if it
were to attempt to control the railways of this
country. While it is true that Congress has
the right to regulate commerce between the
States, it certainly will not • undertake to lay
down rules of universal application in trade
and commerce where, from the very nature
of the different railroad lines, their condition,
location, and circumstances varying so much,
it would be impossible to carry them into
effect. I have within the last two weeks heard
a distinguished gentleman on the other side
of the House say that Congress had no power
to compel a railroad company to carry the
mails.
To control effectually this question, either
by the States or by Congress, the one or the
other, or both, will have to purchase all the
railroads of the country. This would be im-
practicable. Nor have we any assurance that,
if the railroads of the country were owned by
the States or the General Q-overnment, they
would not after a while become by misman-
agement rather an expense to the people, by
taxation to keep them up, than a blessing.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there must be a remedy-
for the people from this evil of high freights.
State legislation to aid the farmers has proved
a failure. Congressional interference is too
slow to relieve the country. By the time
Congress gets the information about railroads
which is sought for, and acts in the premises,
if it acts at all—consuming several years at
least—the mischief will be done. Lands have
declined in value, every branch of industry
become paralyzed, and poverty will be seen
all over the land.
What must be done? The reply and the
remedy are both at hand. Construct addi-
tional water lines from the West to the Atlan-
tic seaboard. Give other outlets from the
West by water after the Erie canal is closed
by ice in winter. Let the railroads alone.
Give them no more subsidies. Competition
by water lines, by canal transportation, will
bring down the freights on railroads. If it
should not, then the people can at least be
independent of them in the transportation of
their crops to market.
Water transportation has always been the
cheapest mode in proportion to the distance
traveled. From the days of Father Noah—
who had exclusive privileges of navigation—
down to the present time a water line has
always afforded the best and cheapest method
of getting farm commodities to a market.
And let it be remembered, too, that the
Atlantic and Great Western canal, the James
liiver canal, and the Niagara ship-canal, and
even other kindred lines, if finished, will be
free national highways, the Government re-
serving the right to regulate the rates of toll
to be charged in passing through them. By
free national highways I mean that every
farmer or neighborhood that may desire to do
so can put a barge on them and select any
market along the route or carry their products
to the seaboard, paying only the insignificant
toll that may be demanded. A monopoly of
trade on canals is impossible, everybody being
allowed to have a barge of his own if he
wants it.
Canals in the'past have transformed the
whole policy of Governments in relation to
farm products. The celebrated.corn laws of
England were abolished in consequence of the
construction of the Ludwig canal, which con-
nects the Danube with the Shine. These corn
laws had the effect of raising the price of bread-
stuffs all over England, and the consequent
increase in the cost of production of manu-
factured articles.
The Ludwig canal has been the means of
transferring the immense grain crops of Wal-
lachia and Moldavia cheaply into manufactur-
ing centers of Europe. In accomplishing,
however, the repeal of the English corn laws,
it worked a forfeiture to the United States of
the immense grain trade which she then pos-
sessed with the nations of western Europe;
and until the great West has cheap outlets to
the Atlantic seaboard it will remain lost to the
United States. Construct these water lines,
and this country will again assert her ancient
right to a large portion of that paying trade
which science and the forethought on the part
of the sturdy German ha>«, from the day of
the construction of the Ludwig canal, deprived
her.
The Suez canal furnishes another apt illus-
tration. Since its completion it has been a
rival of the Peninsular and Oriental Steamship
Company for the trade between England and
India. I have seen it stated that during the
past year seven hundred thousand tons of ship-
ping have passed through the Suez canal,
causing such rivalry in the freight and passen-
ger traffic between the countries just mentioned
that the steamship company has been com-
pelled to reduce their -prices both on freights
and passengers. There is no necessity for
multiplying facts. To effectually stop the
complaints against the extortionate charge
of railroads on grain and other farm product,
give to the country competing lines by water
Do this, and there will be no necessity fot
establishing by congressional enactment any
schedule of rates over railroads. The laws
of competition will govern and regulate the
whole matter. As there is little or no compe-
tition on the part of railroads, for they are
nothing but an immense system of combin-
ations, it will be a rivalry between two very
different modes of transportation—the one
an immense monopoly by land, the other,
almost entirely free, by water.
CHEAP WATEK-UNE3 A FINANCIAL NECESSITY.
When discussing this question before the
Committee of Commerce of this House in De-
cember last, I undertook to show that there
was a pressing necessity for the completion of
this and other water lines to the West when
viewed from a national financial standpoint.
I then remarked that we had a banking system
which has gained for itself the admiration of
almost everybody, save perhaps the bankers in
the more populous cities of the North and
East, who at this very time are seeking to
change, by congressional legislation, the safe-
guards which have been thrown out for the
protection of the bill-holders and depositors.
The banker, speculator, and capitalist are now
using, as an argument in favor of removing
these wholesome restrictions of the Govern-
ment, the fact that owing to the closing of
navigation in the early fall and winter, causing
the western farmer to retain his crop until
spring, (unless he forces it over railroads at
enhanced rates of freight,) there is produced
in money centers what the bankers call a
" season of abundance." Again, in the
spring, when navigation reopens, and the great
storehouses of the West are thrown open and
supplies go forward, the immense drain from
money centers to pay for the crop which the
West had been burdened with during the win-
ter causes a season of' stringency, as it is
termed in the vernacular of the bankers. To
correct these fluctuations, let us examine the
remedy which the moneyed men propose, and
