34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GHLOBE.
[February 7,
Ho. os Reps.
Safety of Life on Railroads—Mr. King.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
ehusetts, where this subject of accidents has
been discussed in all it3 bearings, their fre-
quency, causes, and means of prevention,
(page 132,) by a better system of telegraphic
signals, of signal-lights, of brake-power oper-
ated from the locomotive, in the construction
of new oassenger cars so as to prevent them
from being telescoped in case of accident, in
the disuse of fluids for car illumination, and
of stoves for heating cars. _ Many other radi-
cal changes are also considered, having in
view the safety of life and limb, and which
sooner or later must be made to meet the pub-
lic demand. But however long it may take
to devise effectual means to develop these
schemes for the safety of passengers, the time
has arrived when most of these dreadful col-
lisions can be averted by means of power-
brakes operated by the engineer—the remedy
presented in this bill, and which it does seem
may claim the humane consideration which is
warranted by the alarming facts these accom-
panying tables will illustrate.
How many of our citizens remember the
Norwalk bridge accident in 1853, where forty-
five persons were killed and over thirty in-
jured ; the collision on the Baltimore and
Susquehanna railroad in 1854, where six cars
were crushed, killing twenty-nine persons and
injuring over fifty; the collision on the Great
Western railroad of Canada, in the same year,
where forty-seven persons were killed and
sixty injured; the accident on the Camden
and Amboy railroad in 1855, where twenty-
five persons were killed and sixty injured by
four cars being thrown down an embankment;
the Gasconade river bridge accident in Mis-
souri in 1855, where twenty-two were killed
and fifty injured, and in which slaughter my
own life was saved only by a miraculous inter-
position of divine Providence; the horrible
collision on the North Pennsylvania railroad
m 1856, where an excursion train of ten cars
containing five hundred children, was wrecked,
and in which five cars were burned, killing
sixty-six persons and wounding over one hun-
dred ; the Des Jardines canal bridge disaster on
the Great Western railroad, of Canada, in 1857,
where the train fell through the bridge and
crushed through the ice into eighteen feet, of
water, killing sixty persons and wounding a
large number; the Port Jervis disaster on the
Erie railroad in 1858, where two cars were
thrown down an embankment, killing six and
injuring fifty persons; the accident near South
Bend, on the Michigan Southern railroad, in
1859, by the giving way of a, culvert, where
thirty-four were killed and fifty injured; the
Carr's Rock horror on the Erie railroad in
1867. where twenty-four were killed and
eighty injured by the train being thrown from
the track by a broken rail and precipitated
down an embankment5 and the New Ham-
burg collision in 1871, on the Hudson River
railroad, where the cars were set on fire
and the passengers burned njb, so that it is
not possible to know how many were lost;
the Camden and Amboy railroad collision,
in March, 1865, where the Washington train,
going at a high rate of speed, overtook and
plunged into a passenger train ahead, going
clear through the last car, and buried itself into
the next car, where ten persons were killed and
forty injured, the cars being set on fire, so
that some were scalded, some crushed, and
others burned to death—this terrible accident
must yet be well remembered by many of you
here ! Of these twelve disasters seven of them
nt least could have been prevented with an
effective brake-power. Against the broken
rail, or the giving away of a bridge, it is not
proposed by this bill to provide; but against
collisions, and trains overtaking and plunging
into another train ahead going at a less rate of
speed, as at the Revere disaster in Boston,
nine tenths of these disasters can be prevented
by placing the train completely within control
of its engineer.
Tables accompanying these remarks will
show you that in the railroad accidents in
Great Britain and Ireland, from 1st of January,
1852, to31st December, 1857, (sixyears,) 1,507
people were killed and 2,964 wounded ; that
from the years 1866 to 1869, inclusive, (four
years,) there were 958 killed and 321 wounded;
or, in ten years, a total of 2,665 killed and
6,225 injured. (See table No. 2.)
Eighty-eight hundred and ninety people de-
stroyed in ten years by casualties upon railroads
in the kingdom of Great Britain 1
But let us examine the statistics of our own
country. A five years' comparative statement
for the States of Pennsylvania and New York
shows that from 1867 to 1871, inclusive, there
were 3,181 people killed and 4,361 wounded,
or 7,542 killed and crippled in these two States
alonel (See table No. 3.)
At these figures, what must havebeen the loss
of life for the whole United States? These facts
cannot be laid before you, for the Government
has no mean? of informing the Congress, and
even these few facts are gathered by chance.
It is not for the interest of railroad companies
to publish their casualties, and it is unreason-
able to suppose that they ever will do it unless
they are compelled to do so. In England the
Parliament has enacted that all accidents are
to be reported to a board of commissioners,
(3 and 4 Vic., chap. 97, sec. 3, August 10,
1840; 5 and 6 Vic., chap. 55, sees. 7 and 8,
July 30,1842,) although Lord Campbell's act,
(9 and 10 Vic., chap. 93,) providing for com-
pensation to families of persons killed by rail-
way accidents, did not become a law until the
year 1846, or until six years after the board of
commissioners had been established. This
board is clothed with plenary powers. It can
inspect road-bed, rolling stock, locomotives,
issue rules for the government and comfort of
passengers, in short the law regulating the
entire management of railroads in England
emanates from this board.
But the scope of this bill does not contem-
plate any such radical change in our present
system. On the other hand, it only provides
for what in my judgment is an immediate
necessity—-the greater preservation of life and
protection of person. It is a very grave sub-
ject, even suggesting, much less legislating,
upon changes and proposed improvements in
the management of our railroads. And though
to-day I would be glad -to see it enacted that
no stove or lamp should ever again be placed
in a passenger ear, compelling railroad com-
panies instead to heat them by means of
warm water circulated in pipes, or else by
steam from the locomotive, and to light them
either by candles or by gas, as is done on
the Pennsylvania Central railroad, that, I con-
cede, is not such an immediate necessity as
would justify me in asking legislation to that
end. And we give the railroad people credit
for loo much interest in the public welfare to
believe that they will not make these important
changes for our comfort and safety, as fast as
they consistently can do so. But the protection
oflifeaud of person it is a paramount duty
of Congress to preserve, and hence to pass
any law demanded by the people which will
lessen the casualties by collision, for nine
tenths of them can be averted by the exercise
of inventive skill. We cannot leave this mat-
ter to the States. Some States would pass
such a bill as is offered here, while other
States would not, because their Legislatures
are too much controlled by railroad influence.
And if a State should pass such a law as this
and the railroad companies resisted it, what
would be the remedy 'I A repeal of their char-
ters ? Why did not Congress leave it to the
States to pass laws that every steamboat should
have a life-saving apparatus? If there is ten
times greater railroad than steamboat travel,
should not this bill to protect life upon rail-
roads become a law upon the same humane
principle as those laws were enacted which
protect life upon steamboats? WJiy, the net
revenue of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
last year was over $5,000,000. It could Aght
the whole New England States in a legal con-
troversy if the fight was founded purely on a
money basis. Under that clause ox the ^oii-
station of the United States authorizing Con-
gress to regulate commerce between the States,
the constitutionality of this measure can safely
rest. In no sense can this bill be said K> in-
terfere with, or to diminish the responsibility
of railway companies to the public; the details
of working, the management, the maintenance,
or the increase from time to time of accommo-
dation or of inventive appliances—these are
all left to tho sense of railroad officials, who
alone are competent to act in such matters.
Power-brakes operated from the locomotive
are a very old invention, although they^ were
never adopted by any railroad company in the
United States until about three or four years
ago. " i ti j
Tho " Creamer brake," m use on the Hud-
son River railroad at the time of the New
Hamburg disaster in 1871, is operated by the
engineer, in case only of an emergency, by
pulling a cord extending the'whole length ot
the train. This releases the brakes, which
are wound up after the fashion of an alarm-
clock. The hand-brakes are used at all ordin-
ary stoppings, the spring-power being reserved
only for an emergency.
The electric brake of Olmstead has been m
use upon one train on the Erie railroad for
some time, and works well, though the infer-
ence is if it were just the thing, the company
would put it on all their trains. _
The steam-brake has a continuous line of
pipe from the locomotive to the last car in the
train; under the center of every car is a com-
mon steam-tight cylinder and piston; a branch
from the long line of pipe communicates with
the front end of all these cylinders; so that
when the engineer turns a stop-cock the
steam rushes like lightning tlirought the train,
enters the cylinders, and pushes the piston out-
ward, and thus applies the brakes to the wheels
of every car in the train. The air brake is the
same thing, except air does the work instead
of steam.
To show the state of the art, and that the
material exists by which this bill can be carried
into effect, tables are appended to these re-
marks showing the names of inventors and^the
dates of their patents obtained both in Eng-
land and the United States. The first power-
brake patent granted in this country was in
1847, (see table, No. 4,) the total number
granted up to the close of last year was fifty-
nine. More patents on power-brakes were
granted in 1872 than from the organization of
our Patent Office to the close of 1871, which
strikingly illustrates the rivalry of the invent-
ive genius of this country.
In England, from 1840 to 1866, there were
patented twenty-two electric brakes'; from
1835 to 1865, twenty hydrostatic brakes ; thirty
pneumatic brakes from 1838 to 1866, and
fifty-four steam-brakes from the year 1836
to 1866.
Henry •Miller's steam-brake, patented in
1855, was tried on a train of cars at Detroit,
about that year, in the presence of several
distinguished people ; and a very interesting
printed report of its operation and trial at
that time may be found in the file containing
his original application for a patent in the
United States. But for the fruits of his genius
developed almost twenty years ago, it is to ba
