1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
42d Cong 3d
Safety of Life on Bailroads—Mr. King.
Ho. of Reps.
regretted that he never received either honor or
competent reward.
The accompanying tables will also show that
seven companies for the manufacture of power-
brakes have been organized in the United
States since the year 1869. (See tablg No. 5.)
And that of the four hundred and forty-four
railroads in the United States and; Canada
more than one sixth of them have already been
equipped with power-brakes operated by the
engineers.' (See table No. 6.)
From the Railroad Gazette, No. 24. dated
September 9, 1871, it will be seen that on the
Chicago and Northwestern railroad, Septem-'
ber 6, 1869, a train of six cars, going at the
rate of thirty-two miles an hour, was stopped
in nineteen seconds; that the same train, going
forty miles an hour, was stopped in eighteen
seconds, in three hundred and seventy feet, or
in less thaii one half the length of this Capitol
building. The time in which to stop is the
all-important consideration. It surely would
take three minutes to stop a train going at this
speed with the ordinary hand-brakes. A min-
ute in railroading is a very important matter.
The four competing lines from New York to St.
Louis are the New York Central, Erie, Penn-
sylvania Central, and Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. If all were of the same distance, (which
of course they are not,) the road using a power-
brake could gain two hours' time over the
other lines if equipped only with the hand-
brakes. The simple question presented here
is shall there be Revere and New Hamburg
disasters any longer, when a train of cars
can be stopped with a power-brake in less
than its length? In 1871 the Erie railroad
paid $71,506 54, and the New York Central
$101,424 24 for injuries to persons. Those
two roads paid more than one third the entire
amount paid by all the railroad corporations
in New York State for injuries to persons for
the year ending September 30, 1871, which
was $425,468 38.
These power-brakes are supplied to railroads
in case of .an air-brake at $325 a locomotive,
and $100 a car, and in case of a steam brake
at about $125 a car. No disaster upon a rail-
road costs a company less than $50,000—
just loss of railroad property—exclusive of
any damage for loss of life or injury to person.
There is hardly a railroad in the United States
but could be fully equipped with a power-
brake for one half .this amount..
As this is a subject not generally understood,
it may be proper here to present the opinions
of some of the leading railroad officials of the
country:
" Mr. J. H. Devereux, general manager of the Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern railroad* writes that
the use of the air-brake for nine months on that
r'oad "demonstrated its entire practicability, econ-
omy, and extraordinary efficiency and lie further
says; ' its reliability in all weather, by day and
night, at all times, has proved unquestioned.
"Mr. Horace Smith, superintendent of the Jeffer-
sonville and Indianapolis line, "states that a years
use of the brake on his road convincedhimthat no
road can afford to Fun passenger trains without it,
and that the saving in expense every six months
will pay the en tire cost of equipment with the brak&
"Mr. John JLJuraud, general superintendent or
the Pittsburg, 'Cincinnati;' and" St. Louis lines,
writes: ' by its use the passenger trains are placed
under the entire control of the engineers, the hazard
of railway travel is largely diminishad, and the risk
of damage to property materially lessened.'
" Messrs. J.N. McCullough, general manager, and
J. N. Lang, superintendent of the Pittsburg,
Fort Wayne and Chicago road, unite in saying : _ it
has full demonstrated all that its inventor claims
f°"Mr. Robert Harris, general superintendent of
the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy road, says that
the brake " commends itself by the greater safety it
insures,' and he 'confidently looks for its universal
adoption.'
" The Hon. II. J. Jewett, late vice president of the
Pittsburg, Cincinnati and St. Louis line, writes:
'i regard the brake as essential to the economical
and safe handling of passenger trains.
"Mr. George S. Dunlap, general manager ol the
Chicago andNorthwestern roads, says: I regard
its utility and reliabilitv fully established, and it as
thetefist train-brake I have ever seen.'
" Mr. J. J. Lawrence, general superintendent of
the Alleghany Valley railroad, writes: 'we can,
in the short time it has been in use on our line, say
that one or more what under other circumstances
would have, been disastrojis accidents have been
prevented.'
"Mr. A. J. Cassatt, general superintendent of the
Pennsylvania railroad, where the brake has been
longest in use, and most thoroughly tested, com-
mends it as, m all respects, superior to any other
brake, and adds: ' as an element of safety in the
operation of railroads its advantages cannot be
over estimated.'
"Mr. W. W. Card, of the Pan-Handle line, informs
the proprietors of the air-brake that' we have used
it on our accommodation trains, making an average
of fifty stops per day without any part Of the brake
requiring repairs for months.'
"Mr. William Stewart, superintendent of the
Cleveland and Pittsburg railway, writes: 'during
the past six months this company has, to its entire
satisfaction, been using a power-brake on its pas-
senger trains.'
" Mr. John Pitcairn, jr., superintendent of the Oil
Creek and Alleghany River railroad, says of the
brake: ' its .practical working is all that could be
desired.'"
The opinions of the railroad officers just
read, extracted from the New York Tribune
of August 12, 1871, are the best recommenda-
tion of this public measure introduced here
to-day that could be obtained from any source
whatsoever. They are superior to the opin-
ion or recommendation of any committee in
this Congress.
Great care has been taken to present this
bill in such a manner that no well-founded
objection can be raised against it. No boards
are created, and no money is appropriated
from the Treasury. It simply directs that
important statistical information touching the
operation of railroads shall be rendered annu-
ally to the Bureau of Statistics, and that this
information shall be transmitted annually by
the President to Congress. On first reflection
it may be thought that too much revenue or
power is thrown into the hands of a single
patentee or manufacturer; but a fair and can-
did mind will see that the field is open to all.
If an inventor does not have a good practical
power-brake, that is his misfortune; but be-
cause he has not it is no reason why this bill,
aimed purely at the preservation of life and
safety of person upon our railroads, should
fail to become a law. Power-brakes have
been put on one sixth the roads of the coun-
try. Let them be placed upon all of them.
I would not attempt to say whose brake should
be used; I should do an injustice to myself
and to railroad corporations to express any
opinion in this matter, for I am not compe-
tent to judge whose brake is or is not entitled
to merit. Let railroad officials do that; let
them in their annual conventions call upon
inventors to come forward and submit their
devices to the test required, so that they may
determine whose brake they will adopt.
The system of " through travel " may be
thought to render it impossible to put this
measure into effect. The public demand is
safety first, speed and comfort afterward.
We like to enter the cars here and alight at
St. Louis without change. To do this a car
has to pass over three or four railroads, and
to be made up into as many different trains.
But the answer to all this is, let the system be
uniform, so that in a train of a dozen ears,
each belonging to railroad companies at dif-
ferent sections of the Union, the power brake
system may be manageable just the same as
if it were only the road and the cars of a
single corporation.
In conclusion, I desire to render my ac-
knowledgments to Mr. James H. Mandeville,
a patent lawyer in this city, who drafted
this bill under my supervision, and whose
research upon this subject has enabled me
to submit many of the tables accompanying
these remarks; also to the chief of the Bureau
of Statistics, and the Governors of New York
and Massachusetts, whose investigations and
recommendations entitle their reports to the
highest consideration. I hope soon, also, to
have the pleasure of submitting to Congress
the written opinions of Messrs. Cornelius
Vanderbilt, P. H. Watson, General George
B. McClellan, John W. Garrett, presidents,
respectively, of the New York Central, Brie,
Atlantic and Great Western, and Baltimore
and Ohio railroads, and of Thomas A. Scott,
vice president of the Pennsylvania Central
railroad, to whom I addressed, upon the 5th
instant, the following letter:
House op Rbprksentatives,
Washingtoh, D. C., February 5,1873.
Dear Sir: Tour consideration is especially in-
vited to the bill inclosed herewith, which I propose
to introduce to-day into the House ot Representa-
tives, under a special rulerequiring unanimous con-
sent, so that action upon it may be taken immedi-
ately^ It is probable, however, if not referred to a
committee, that a special day will be set for its dis-
cussion about the first of next week.
In a public measure of this import and in sub-
mitting this bill upon its merits, I feel that your
opinion would be thankfully received by every can-
did man who will vote upon it, and that, to a very
great degree, your views will influence the action of
Congress.
I therefore, at the outset, before showing the bill
even to my friends, solicit your fair, impartial opin-
ion as to whether it should become a law, so that I
may have the honor of presenting it to Congress
when the bill is reached.
A sitailar letter has been addressed to Cornelius
Vanderbilt, P. H. Watson, George B. McClcllan.und
Thomas A. Scott.
Awaiting the courtesy of an early reply, I am,
dear sir, very truly, yours,
ANDREW KING, .
M. O. Ninth District of Missouri.
Hon. John W. Garrett,
President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
TABLE No. 1.
[From Poor's Manual of the Railroads of the United"
States, 1871-72.]
Extent of railroads in United States ; east; earning«•
First railroad undertaken in the Unit< d St.ic.=
was the Baltimore and Ohio; twenty-three mi ij <-
were opened for use in 1830, and for two years there-
after worked by horse-power.
In 1871 60,852 miles of railroad in operation : an-
nual incroase of mileage, 7,453 miles; mileage for
1870-71 equals 13,598 miles: only 4,180 miles built
during four years of the war.
Proportion of miles of railroads to States in 1871.
New England—Maine. New Hampshire, Vermont,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut,
(6) 4,898
Middle—New York, New Jersey, Pennsyl-
vania, Delaware, Maryland and District of
Columbia, West Virginia, (G)   12,380
Western—Ohio, Michigan. Indiana, Illinois.
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Kansas, Ne-
braska, and Missouri, (10) 28,388
Southern—Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Arkansas, (12) 
Pacifio—California, Oregon, and Nevada, (3;... 1,7(55
Total .00,852
Cost of building and equipping new railroads,
and repairing and stocking old railroads,
1S71 $275,000,000
Total earnings of railroads in the United
States, 1871 $454,909,000
TABLE No. 2.
I From Slaughter's Railroad Intelligencer, London,
1859.]
Accidents in Great Britain and Ireland from Janu-
ary 1,1852, to December 31,1857; six year*.
'Year.
Passengers
carried.
Killed.
Injured.
89,135,729
102.286.660
111,206,707
118,595,134
129,347,592
139,008,888
216
305
223
246
281
236
486
449
453
2-14
394
738
689,580,710
1,507
■ 2,964
