1878.
THE (CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133f
Jerusalem, hallowed by the visible glory of
the Deity himself, are gone, but Solomon's
reservoirs are as perfect as ever. Of the an-
cient architecture of the Holy City not-one
stone is left upon another, but the pool of
Bethesda commands the pilgrim's reverence,
even at the present day. The columns of Per-
septolis are moldering into dust, but its cis-
tern and aqueducts remain to challenge oar
admiration. The golden house of Nero is a
mass of ruins, but the Aqua Claudia Still
pours its limpid stream into the city of Rome.
The Temple of the Sun at Tadmor, in the
wilderness, has fallen, but its fountains still
sparkle in its rays as when thousands of Wor-
shipers thronged its lofty colonnades. It may
be that this beautiful and. magnificent Capitol
may share the fate of Babylon, (which Heaven
forefend,) and nothing be left to mark it save
moldering mounds ot crumbling marble and
brickwork, but the. beautiful Potomac will
still flow quietly on to the Atlantic, bearing
upon its bosom the fruits of toiling thousands.
And if any work of art should-rise over the
deep ocean, Time, we may well believe that it
■will be neither a palace nor a temple, but
Bome vast aqueduct, canal, or reservoir ; and
if any name should flash through the mist
of antiquity, it would probably be that of the
man who in his day sought the happiness of
his fellow-man rather than glory, and linked
his memory to some great work of national
utility.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, there is not
time to-day, and in the hour or hour and a half
that is given to the consideration of this subject,
to present it to the House, and to present the
many questions that are connected with it in
the report of the committee, in the mauner
■which its magnitude requires. For myself
if I were to take time to express to the House
such views and convictions in regard to the
importance of promoting the internal com-
merce of this country and transportation be-
tween the interior States and the seaboard
which have.pressed themselves on my consid-
eration and on the consideration of nearly
every member here, half a day would hardly
enable me to do it, and I must confine myself
now, in order to give time to other gentlemen
who desire to speak oil the subject, to five or
ten minutes only.
I ask the attention of the House only to the
general considerations which suggests them
selves to me in favor of this measure., In the
first place there are twelve great producing
States far in the interior up into which the
rivers run and on the borders of which are our
great lakes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me suggest to my
friend'that rivers do not run up. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONGER. I thank my friend for
standing by to give all the geographical inform-
ation that may be necessary on any occasion.
[Laughter.] It is so important that we should
be accurate in all our statements.
I say that the States to which I have referred
are the great grain-producing Stales of the
country. In those States to-day the agricul-
tural products of the farmers are compara-
tively worthless to them. The results of the
labor of the whole year lie in their graneries,
and command no market price in the xuterior
States. They are used as fuel. And alt this
because the cost of transportation to the sea-
board and other markets is so great that they
cannot transport their produce. *
Now, there is not a lumberman, a farmer, a
miner, not a laboring man in the whole coun-
try, but demands of this Congress a careiul
consideration of the means of cheapening
transportation. ,, ,.
Gentlemen may sit here and pass by this
subject; they may refuse to hear the demands
of the producer and of the consumer tor
cheaper products and for cheaper transport-
ation ; they may g.o to their homes and think
they have done all theit duty when they give
their half hour or their hour for the consider-
ation of some, measure tending in that direc-
tion. Gentlemen may rise here in their places
and move to lay this bill on the table, or move
amendments to it, which shall defeat the very
object which the,Committee on Commerce and
which this Congress have in view toward cheap-
ening transportation. And we believe that the
measure embodied, iii this bill looks in that
direction. In the lack of time that we have
for considering and .studying this subject, we
believe the best mode for us t® carry out oiir
views is to provide a way in which there will
be submitted to the next Congress a mass of
information in regard to the production, trans-
portation, and markets of this country.
But I took the floor not to speak upon this
subject as I would desire to do, and as I
would like an hour to do, but that I may
give to several gentlemen here an opportunity
of speaking in favor of the bills which have
been reported to the House from the commit-
tee without auy particular recommendation,
I abstain from talking myself upon these sub-
jects, although for four years, as a member of
the Committee on Commerce, there has been
pressed upon ray attention tbe urgent, imper-
ative necessity of Congress acting in some
manner upon this subject, I tell gentlemen
that if this Congress will not act upon this
subject, and.if another Congress, lacking the
information necessary, shall refuse to act, the
time will soon come when the people of the
United States will send men here who will
act, and who will inquire as to what are the
better means for cheapening the transporta-
tion of the products of this country.
I now yield to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Duke.]
Mr. DUKE asked and obtained leave to
have printed in the Globe some remarks he
had prepared on the James River and Kanawha
canal. [See Appeudix.]
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Cokgek] a single
question. I want to ask him why he lectures
this House, as he does, for want of attention
to the subjects embraced m the bills reported
from his committee, when the committee
themselves do not even propose that action
shall be taken on those.bills by this Congress?
Mr. CON GER. I will answer the gehtleman
by saying that the committee have reported a
bill which they think proposes action in the
right direction, and to that we ask the atten-
tion of the House to-day. I now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Necilisy.]
Mr. NEGLEY. Appreciating the import-
ance of this great question, I have taken some
pains to obtain information in regard to our
internal navigation. I would be pleased to
express at length the remarks which I have
committed to writing upon that great question,
but it would consume more time than I can
now take. And there is this other difficulty,
that there is no bill before the House to which
1 desire to address these remarks. I will
therefore ask consent to have printed in the
Globe tbe remarks I have prepared.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr. CONGER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Donnan.]
Mr. DONNAN. Mr. Speaker, in the winter
of 1870 the Legislature of Iowa, of which two
of ray colleagues were presiding officers, and
of which 1 also had the honor to be a member,
after discussion thereon, adopted a memorial
to Congress, of which the following is an
extract:
" The General Assembly of the Stateof Iowa, to the
Senate and House of Representatives of the Unites
States respectfully represent:
" That the question of ' umntcrrtiptMl water com-
munication' between tho Mississippi valley and the
Atlantic seaboard has becoino one of all-absorbing
interestto the peopleof thewholccountry, and more
especially the food-iirodaeitig States of the North-
west. It has been considered by the people, mot m
local, county, State, and national conventions; by
boards of trade and other commercial associations;
by eity councils and boards of supervisor.-, of cities
and counties; by the Legislatures and Governors of
States, and through the publio press; and, without
exception, by resolution, memorial, message, And
public disoussion, all have united in recognizing its
importance and imperative fleeessity, sfnd urging
the attention and action of Congress 8ad the coun-
try m relation thereto."
Two years later, on the 24th of March last,
Iowa, through her Legislature,, again aid reused
the legislative department of the General Gov-
ernment, as follows: , ' ,
To the honorabUSenate and House txfRepteseniativ.es
of tlte United States in Congress ussemoted "
Your memorialists, the Legislature of the State of
Iowa, would state that tho aigHeuttural and otaet
material interests of the eatirfc West, and more
especially of tl)is State, require, jndeed demand*
increased facilities for transportation between the
frrain-fi'clds of tho West and the eastern taidBu*-
ropcan markets, than isnow Or neve* can be afforded
by the railroads and the partial and imperfect sya*
torn of water-transit now existing. So widespread
and universal has this conviction become dissemin-
ated among the people of the West, indeed of the
whole oountry, that efforts are now being made,
an enterprise inaugurated, to open up and per-
fect a system of mntinuous steam navigation be-
tween the valley 01 the Mississippi and tho Atlantic
seaboard, by tho way of tho wisoonsin and .Fox
rivers to Lake Michigan, thonoe, by tho way of tho
northern lakes, river'St. Lawrence, Lake Cham-
plain, and tho Hudson river, whereby the rates of
transportation can bo so reduood as that the coreals
and other agricultural products of tho western
States can at once command tho provision markets
of western Europe, from whioh they are now practi-
cally exolitdod in oonseuuenco of the excessive oost
of transportation thither. Tbero is an equally strong
conviction that, by overcoming the barrier at Niag-
ara falls, all other obstructions to continuous navi-
gation to the Atlantio seaboard will be Bpeedtly
removed—propably as soon as tbe wenks at that
point can be constructed: Therefore,
He it resolved blithe Legislature of thebtateof Iowa,
That our Senators and Representatives in Congress
bo, and tlioy are heroby, roquostod to give their earn-
est attention to this subjebt; and it, in their judg-
ment, this enterprise should appear to be feasible,
and that it will conduce to the object sought to be
secured, to wit, cheap transportation, to urge upon
Congress that such aid bo rendered by tho General
Government as will accomplish the end m view, to
wit,, the construction of a ship-canal around tho
Falls of Niagara, on the American side thereof, as
speedily as possible.
t. ******
Approved March 24,1872.
Her Legislature, convened in extra session at
the present time, impelled thereto by a proper
sense of the pressing necessity for some kind
of relief from the existing ruinous cost of
transporting to market the large and continu-
ously increasing surplus product of her people,
has again, by memorial read in your hearing
two days since, petitioned Congress to pass
some bill which will correct the evil of such
exhorbitant charges for freight upon the rail-
roads extending from one State to another;
and also asks that Congress may grant liberal
appropriations for the improvement of the
Mississippi and the Fox and Wisconsin rivers.
The improvementof the former is going steadily
forward, and of these two latter rivers, it will
be remembered, was entered upon by the Gen-
eral Government at the last session. The
work should be completed as rapidly as pos-
sible ; and if thoroughly done, as it ought to be,
it will afford some measure of relief to our
people by supplying cheap water communica-
tion from the Mississippi river to the _ great
lakes. The sum of $300,000 is named in the
river and harbor bill for this improvement-
It ought to bo larger; but I hope at least that
sum will be appropriated.
As to the other portion of this last memorial
from my State, praying Congress to regulate
the charges for freights made by railroad
companies, I do not stop to remark upon it
to-day, for the reason that I deem it as per-
haps the only alternative to be considered and
urged in case the cheaper and better method
of continuous water communication to tbe
seaboard shall fail. The citizens of the North-
west are not a complaining people; but, sir,
one cannot expect a free and intelligent con-
stituency to stand sileixt by, au4 see the over-
flowing abundance of tbeir annual products,
become profitless and worthless on their
hands, for tbe lack of easy and cheap means
of transporting it to those market* where it
will bring remunerative prices* tfben that very
means may be had at a comparatively trifling
