1338
THE 0ONGRESSIGM££ GLOBE.
February 13,
expense to the General Government, and: thus
afford the assurance of continued prosperity.
These are respectful but most earnest ex-
pressions of our people, far removed from the
seacoast, that there exists art occasion, which
is ftstf becoming,: nay/which already has be-
come, at - imperative necessity for cheaper
routes of transportation between the vast grain
producing States which lie around and west of
the great lakes and the eastern and foreign mar-
kets. Those who reside upon and near to the
Banks of our grand meridian river of the West
have hoped and do still anticipate that some-
what of substantial' relief may be attained by
shipping over its magnificent current by way
of the Gulf, even- although the route would be
thus greatly lengthened by more than two
thousand miles. Bepeated trials have been
made in this direction, but as yet our com-
merce southward is but little extended beyond
what we may require of southern products and
they of ours. 1
We have hoped that increase of freight and
competition between railroad lines would
cheapen freights. Our people have directly
aided in railroad construction, and have then
taxed themselves au additional five per cent,
upon their entire assessed property in order
to reap the benefits of original or competing
lines, only to find that the rates of tariff which
the railroads declare to be necessary for their
maintenance are ruinous to the producer, and
that with the ever-increasing bulk of the an-
nual product, the difficulty grows worse and
worse.
Where, then, shall we look for relief? Evi-
dently to the most direct route which can be
found, with the cheapest known means of
freightage, continuous water communication.
To obtain this, and in compliance with these
memorials from my own State, I sought in the
early part of the present session an oppor-
tunity to introduce and have referred to the
Committee on Commerce the following bill to
provide for the speedy construction of a ship-
canal of large capacity around the Falls of
Niagara, on the American side thereof:
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of tits United States of America, in Conor en*
(tmenMed, That for the purpose of securing the safe,
cheap, and speedy passage of vessels of war and rev-
enue, and the economical transportation of the
mails, troops, munitions of war, public stores, and
property of the United States between Lakes JSrie
and Ontario, as also to afford and furnish to the peo-
ple of the whole country, and more especially of the
agricultural States of the West and Northwest, and
the manufacturing and commercial States of the
East, oheap and rapid transportation, by means of a
continuous water route of a large capacity from the
great lakesof the Northwest to the Atlanticseaboard,
of which the work hereinafter named is tho most
important link, tho Secretary of War be, and he
hereby is, authorized, empowered and directed to
take measures for the speedy construction of a ship-
canal around the Falls of Niagara, on the Amerioan
sidethoreof, by the nearest, cheapest, and best route;
said canal to bo the maximum navigable capacity of
the lakes, the same to bo ascertained and determ-
ined by theSecretary of War, the width, depth, and
capacity of the canal, thesizeand dimensions of the
locks, the depth of wator in tho canal and above the
mitor-sills of tho looks, and all other matters and
subjects connected with and pertaining to said canal
ana locks, or any part or portion thereof, to be also
subject to tho determination and arrangement of
said Secretary of War.
Sec. 2. That to assist in the speedy construction
ot said work, thore be, and hereby is, set apart and
appropriated, out of any money in tho Treasury of
the united States not otherwise appropriated, tho
sum of—— dollars, to be used by the said Secre-
tary ol War in the construction of said canal.
toEC. o. That said canal shall be and forever remain
a tree, public, and navigable highway between said
Lakes Lne and Ontario, not only for the passage of
vessels, mails, troops, munitions of war, public
stores, and property of the United States, but also
tor the passage ot vessels with the transportation of
agricultural products, commerce, and merchandiso
oi the people of the United States, the Government
levying only so much toll and charges thereon as
may be necessary to pay the operating expenses
thereof, and also to keep the works and machinery
of said canal in good and efficient repair and opera-
tion. To that end, and for that purpose, Congress
•shall have the power, and may at any time prescribe
. and establish such rules and regulations as may or
shall be necessary and proper for the due and efficient
operation and working of said canal.
which I am glad is to day favorably reported,
but immediate action is not recommended.
The committee reports favorably upon the
general subject, but in my judgment has
stopped short of its duty in recommending
anything by way of substitute which does not
look to the construction of the work as pro-
posed by this bill.
The first section recites its objects, and
directs the Secretary of War to take measures
for the speedy construction of a ship-canal
around the Falls of Niagara on the American
shore, by the most feasible route, and direct-
ing that its maximum navigable capacity shall
be that of the lakes, but leaving all other de-
tails subject to his determination and arrange-
ment.
The second section appropriates such sum
for its construction as Congress may deem
prudent and best.
The third section devotes it forever to its
declared objects in construction, and limits
the Government from levying higher rates
of toll than may be necessary to pay the
operating expenses and to keep it in good re-
pair ; reserving to Congress the power at any
time to prescribe snch rules and regulations
as may be deemed necessary and proper.
Believing that the provisions of this bill
are properly guarded, and nearly if not quite
unobjectionable in form,-1 shall not delay
the House with any defense or advocacy of
its specific provisions, but rather seek further
attention to some of the many considerations
why this or some other bill of similar import
should speedily become a law.
This is no novel proposition. As long ago
as 1835 a survey was made around the Niagara
Falls by Captain W. G. Williams, of the
United States topographical engineers; by order
of the General Government, with the view to
the construction of a canal. I have not myself
seen his report, but find that it has been
highly commended by statesmen in former
Congresses whose attention had been drawn to
this subject. He urged its construction with
great earnestness and emphasis, and showed
its importance as an aid to national commerce.
Possibly, however, its non-construction may
not be so much a matter of regret from the
fact that no one at that day anticipated what
would be required to accommodate the won-
derfully increased and increasing commerce
of the West, and had it been built upon the
plan proposed by him, its enlargement and
reconstruction would have been demanded
before this date.
In 1840 the Legislature of the State of New
York, in a spirit at once just, generous, and
patriotic, granted the privilege of constructing
this canal, by passing the following joint res-
olution :
In Assembly, February 15,1840.
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That the consent
of this Legislature is hereby given to the construc-
tion by the Government of the United States of a
ship-canal around tho Falls of Niagara; and that
the Senators and Representatives of this State in
the Congress of the United States be requested to use
their best efforts to procuro tho passage of a bill for
this purpose.
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) That theGovernor
of this State be requested to transmit to each of the
Representatives ol this State in the Congress of the
United States a copy of the foregoing resolution.
■ In Senate.
Resolved, That the Senate do concur with the
Assembly in their resolution.
I am not aware that this permission has
been withdrawn by that State ; and although
some of her citizens, actuated by what seems
to me a more narrow and selfish sentiment,
oppose this movement, yet I hope and believe
that should the General Government now un-
dertakethis work, the legislators of the Empire
State will not be less generous and patriotic
than those who filled her legislative halls thirty
years ago.
Numerous memorials and petitions on this
same subject were presented to the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, and the committee to whom
they were referred for consideration made an
able report to the House, signed, among
others, by the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts nearest to me, from which
report I make the following extracts:
"The carrying trade is the right arm of all agri-
cultural industry, of commerce, and of civilisation.
It gives,birth to,the surplus productions of industry
by opening a market. It increases the producer's
wealth by cheapening the price of transit, and upon
this increase of wealth, and this alone, in this coun-
try and in every part of the globe, in our time and
during all past ages, has depended, the civilization
Of the world's inhabitants.
"The construction of the N iagara shi p-can al would
open wide the channel around the last foiuiidable
barrier between the West and the East, and by the
facilities it would give to the transportation of
objects of agricultural and manufacturing industry,
it would awaken into life a thousand springs of
latent resources, and develop the agricultural and
mineral treasures of the country bordering the west-
ern lakes in a degree to render it worthy the patron-
age of the General Government."
This important measure has been considered
by several of the intervening Congresses, and
a bill incorporating a company for the con-
struction of such a canal, and loaning the
credit of the Government to the extent of
$6,000,000 for that purpose, passed the House
of both the Thirty-Eighth and the Thirty-Ninth
Congresses. This greatly needed improve-
ment is before you again to-day, petitioned
for by city councils and public meetings, by
boards of trade and commercial conventions,
through commendations in Governors' mes-
sages, and by memorials of State Legislatures,
from the State of Maine to and including the
State of Kansas, representing a constituency
of some fifteen million people.
For commercial purposes the river St. Law-
rence may be said to commence at the far-
thest western limit of Lake Superior, "the
largest body of fresh water on the face of the
globe." Leaving the rich mines of that imme-
diate section, it deflects southward through six
degrees of latitude to the foot of Lake Erie,
where it breaks over the falls of Niagara into
Lake Ontario, and from thence, gradually
bearing northward to the same degree of lati-
tude from which it took its departure, it makes
its way in a very direct line to the Atlantic
ocean. This great water-course, stretching
far back westward almost to the Mississippi
river, into the great agricultural gardens of
the country, with its thousands of miles of
lake coast, is capable of being made a com-
mercial highway adequate to the present and
prospective necessities of our wonderfully de-
veloping country west of Lake Erie and north
of the Ohio river. The great barrier which
Stands in the way of this grand result is sought
to be overcome by the construction of a ship-
canal between the waters of Erie and Onta-
rio, a distance of seven and five hundredths
miles.
No one surely can fail to recall the impetus
which was given to the settlement and devel-
opment of the new, wild West by the com-
pletion of the Erie canal a little less than
half a century ago, by means of which water
communication and comparatively cheap trans-
portation, adequate to the commerce of that
time, was furnished from the great lakes to
the tide-water of the Hudson. It seems now
almost as with a spirit of prophecy that
Clinton the greater portrayed the inevitable
benefits which must accrue through its con-
struction to the empire State, in population
and improvements, and to commerce and gen-
eral prosperity. Yet his great, comprehen-
sive mind, like any or all others, was wholly
unable to estimate what within fifty years
thereafter would be the enormous carrying
trade for that wilderness northwest, which
he, more than any other man, thus aided to
early and rapid development.
Since then the railroads have stretched out
their long lines from east to west, competing
lines have been built, tracks have been dou-
bled, to accommodate, if possible, the annu-
ally swelling product and traffic, until, with
canal and different lines of rail in competition,
and with rates of freightage absolutely ruinous
to the producer, all are furnished with more
