18*73.]
APPENDIX TO THE OONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
42d Cong....8d Sess.
District, Affairs—Mr. Chipman.
Ho. of Beps.
of yards of roadway is proved by the number
of miles, both agreeing to a cent, and aggre-
gating $4,08],716 75. Thus this " first great
discrepancy" vanishes into thin air—this "first
great and apparent blunder or fraud" is
shown only to exist in a diseased imagination.
MKST CHARGE—ANOTHEK FORM.
-But " this is not all," continues the gentle-
man. He calls attention to a speech made by
the vice president of the board, in October
last, and speaking of the remarks of that gen-
tleman says :
" He then said there were twenty and forty-one
hundredths miles completed, and twenty-one and
forty-four hundredths miles in course of completion,
making a total of only forty-one and eighty-five
hundredths miles on the 3d of October, while on the
1st day of November he presents a report in which
he claims to have finished and completed one hun-
dred arid fifteen miles ofroad. Inother words, there
is a discrepancy equal to more than the whole
amount of work then alleged to be done, unless
we can believe that while eighteen months were
required to complete forty-two miles, seventy-three
miles could be begun and finished in four weeks."
Here again the gentleman sees through a
glass darkly. The vice president of the board
in stating the number of miles of streets, takes
them at their actual width,.varying from thirty-
two to eighty feet, while in the report of the
board they are assumed to be thirty-two feet,
except as to those graveled streets outside of
the city.
There is a maxim in law, somewhere, that
runs falsum in wno falsum, in omnibus. I
shall not rely upon this maxim, but will pro-
ceed to notice, step by step, each charge which
the gentleman makes, and shall show them all
to be utterly without foundation.
SECOND CHARGE.
I come to notice what may be denominated
charge second. I quote from the gentleman ;
" The cost of improving the streets is stated in
table twelve, which gives us the expense of twenty-
nine streets and one alley, and furnishes a very fair
average estimate of the true expenditures incurred
by the board for that purpose on the whole one hun-
dred and fifteen miles of streets. But in drawing
deductions I shall not take this estimate for the
■whole one hundred and fifteen miles. That would
not be fair, as some aro mere country roads. _ X shall
confine my remarks entirely to the fifty-six miles
which were laid with the most expensive character
of pavement. By these twenty-nine streets and one
alley it is apparent that the everage cost is over forty
dollars a running foot, and the fifty-six miles of
pavement, at the same average, would involve an
outlay of $11,827,200."
Does not the gentleman know that assum-
ing as a basis any of the streets or avenues in
the city, they cannot be a fair average for work
costing only fifteen cents per yard, which was
the cost of a large portion of the one hundred
and fifteen miles ? But, with a show of fair-
ness, he does not follow this as to the county,
but takes fifty-six miles, which he says were
laid with the most expensive character of
pavement, thus making an average cost of forty
dollars per running foot for the fifty-six miles ;
in all, $11,827,200. This is important, for
the gentleman is here undertaking to show
that fifty-six miles of pavement cost more
than double what the board claims to have
expended on the whole one hundred and
fifteen miles.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us see how these
statements accord with the facts, as given in
the following figures taken from the report,
(see Table B,) rememljeripg in the meanwhile
that the gentleman has alleged that fifty-six
miles of pavement has involved an outlay of
$11,827,200:
34.71 miles of wood pavement 82,281,177 50
5.05 miles of round block pavement.... 105,908 75
87 miles of compound pavement at
$65,706 55 per mile  • 57,165 50
16.31 miles of concrete pavement at
$60,071 56 per mile  981,635 20
56.97
Making a total of. ■ $3,485,886 95
A trifling mistake of the honorable member,
in a single item, of $8,341,313 05 !
It is next alleged by the gentleman " that it
cost $42 72 a lineal foot to lay those pave-
ments, which would make the amount even
more than $11,827,200 for the fifty-six miles."
In fifty-six miles, Mr. Speaker, there are, I
believe, 295,680 lineal feet, which divided into
$3,485,886 95, makes the cost per lineal foot
$11 78—a slight mistake of only $30 94 cents
per lineal foot in the calculations of this skill-
ful arithmetician of the House.
Bat the gentleman may reply that he alludes
to the whole cost of the improvements on the
street. Let me answer this assumption. The
average cost per lineal foot of streets derived
from the tables of assessments, namely, $39 96,
not $42 72, cannot be applied to the fifty-six
miles of improved streets, for the following
reasons, namely:
1. In the assessments all the intersections
of streets are charged to the front foot of
assessable property.
2. All the expenses incurred in front of
property exempt from taxation, churches,
schools, alley openings, and other property ex-
empt by special acts of Congress, are charged
to the front foot of assessable property.
3. All the wide streets, such as avenues and
some others, must of necessity cost more than
streets of which the width is assumed at
thirty-two feet, on which width the above
length of fifty-six miles is based.
To apply any price at all, the cost of a
street of thirty-two feet roadway must be
used in the calculation, such as Twelfth street
at $26 64, or Fourth street at $21 28, and for
reasons already given the result will still be in
excess of the actual amount.
But we will take the former and larger figure,
$26 64. Deducting from this, for reasons first
and second, just given, twenty per cent., which
is as nearly correct as can be arrived at, and
we have $21 32 per lineal foot as the proper
figure to be applied in the calculation. The
result of the computation (thus corrected) of
the cost of the fifty-six miles will be found
to be $G,303,897 60, instead of $11,827,200.
I am not here endeavoring to find out the
actual cost, but am following the gentleman's
hypothetical case and exposing its errors.
SECOND CHABGE—ANOTHER FORM.
Again the gentleman says :
" Not relying entirely upo n that estimate, I have
also taken the trouble to investigate some of the
assessments made against property-holders in this
city for the same purpose. Taking the amount lev-
ied upon private property in the case of four streets
and one avenue, I find that the result is substan-
tially the same. In other words, that it cost $4272
a lineal foot to lay these pavements, which would
make the amount even more than $11,827,200 for the
fifty-six miles."
I ask what four streets and which avenue
does the gentleman take? They differ greatly
in cost. If he is no m^re candid here than
before, I suppose he took the most expensive
for his basis of calculation, and of course his
result would' not be unlike his former one.
The point of the gentleman is to show that
the board are pretending to have done one
hundred and fifteen miles for less than the gen-
tleman is showing fifty-six miles cost, and thus
to prove the board liars. After this exposure
there may be a question where the untruth will
finally rest.
SKCOND'CBAKGE—STILL ANOTHER FOEM.
The gentleman changes his view point to
show the increase of liabilities of the board and
(he unreliabfeness of their estimates.
■ Still harping on the fifty-six miles as a
basis, and trying to show that they cost about
$4,000,000 more than the board claims to
have done the whole work for, -he says:
■ " There is still another method of ascertaining the
actual cost of the work on the streets. _ At page 53
there is an estimate of the amount' required to com-
plete the avenues. It is headed ' Approximate esti-
mate of tho cost to complete the improvements of
the avenues, &e.,in thecity of Washington, District
of Columbia.' On fifteen avenues it foots up $2,650,-
702 78. So that while the board claim they have only
spent about $7,000,000 in all, of whioh alarge propor-
tion was devoted to other purposes, they admit that
fifteen avenues will cost, to complete, after being
worked on for eighteen months, the enormous sum
of $2,650,702 78."
And then adds:
" Now I have had an estimate made—I do not
pretend that it is perfectly accurate, but it is sub-
stantially so—which computes these roads at ten
miles in length. Consequently the oost of complet-
ing the fifty-six miles of streets, on the estimate of
the immaculate board itself, would be over five
times as much, without regarding the amount not
allowed for in this calculation as being already
finished and paid for. At that rate the fifty-six
miles would cost $14,840,000, leaving stiil the residue
of the one hundred and fifteen miles to be estimated.
Take it in any way, therefore, the result is praoti-
eally the same, and each calculation oonfirms the
other."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the error in this calcu-
lation is apparent when the true data are used.
The gentleman's computer, against whose
accuracy he enters a mild caveat, finds the
length of the avenues ten miles, and the cost
per mile $265,072, by dividing the miles into
the whole cost. The true length of the ave-
nues is twenty-one and three tenths miles,
instead of ten, and with this divisor, instead
of ten, we find the true cost per mile to be
$124,446, less than half his estimate.
If the gentleman will try his arithmetic again,
with the true data, he will find the result will '
be $6,968,976 instead of $14,840,000—a differ-
ence between the truth and the misrepresenta-
tion of $7,877,024! A trifling error, to be
sure, but worth noting as we pass I
Thus, Mr. Speaker, instead of striking the
Board of Public Works a blow full in the
face, as the gentleman supposed he was doing,
he has thrown a "boomerang," which has
returned and given the gentleman himself a
very black eye.
Now, sir, in pricking this arithmetical bub-
ble, which the gentleman employed some
ignoramus to blow for him, we are advancing
toward a complete vindication of the board
and proving the accuracy of their report.
It is said that figures will not lie; but my
experience in reviewing the gentleman in this
and one other speech convinces me that fig-
ures will lie quite up to the standard of the
father of lies.
CHARGE THIRD—DEBT OF THE DISTRICT.
The gentleman next sums up the debt of the
the District, from his conclusions, in this
remarkable manner. He says :
"But'I have already shown an expenditure of
nearly or quite $12,000,000, and you aro also to com-
pute the amount for country roads, for tho Belgian
pavoment, for the oobble-stone pavoment, for the
gravel roads, none of which have I included; and
for the other enormous expenditures of this board,
not forgetting contingencies which appear largely
and frequently. These cannot under any circum-
stances fall below two or three million dollars, and
areprobablymore. Thatsum, added to the $11,800, -
00Q, would make fourteen or fifteen million dollars.
There is already existing against this District a dobt
of between three and four million dollars. You get
altogether the enormous total of from sevonteen to'
eighteen million dollars. Incredible "as this state-
ment appears, I believe it to bo well founded; in
faot, if anything, it does not cover the full extent of
these expenditures. The matter is understated, not
overstated, as I shall proceed to show by going
further into detail, and taking up the examination
from a different direction."
It will be seen that the gentleman sums up
the debt created by the board at $15,000,000,
the debt already existing against the District,
with which the board has nothing to do,
$4,000,000, making .the debt of the District
$19,000,000.' And he asserts this is "undor
rather than overstated." I feel it to be my
duty to expose this error. I read from report
No. 7, third session Forty-Second Congress,
from the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, page 1:
" On the 4th day of December, tho following reso-
lution was referred to this committee:
" ' Whereas by act of Congress passed May 8,18i2.
