40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 5,
Ho. of Beps.
District Affairs—Mr. Chipman.
42d CoHa....3i) Sess.
being chapter one hundred and forty-two of laws of
1872. it was enacted tbat the debt of the Distriot
of Columbia should at no time exceed $10,000,000:
Therefore,
" 'Resolved, That the Committee for the Distriot ,of
Columbia be directed to asoertain and report what
is the present debt of the said District, including all
liabilities incurred by the Board of Public Works
thereof; and to further ascertain and report what
sum will be reauired to finish the wort undertaken
by the said Board of Public Works.'
"The resolution embraces three subjeots of in-
quiry ; first, the debt of the District of Columbia:
second, the liabilities incurred by. the Board of
Public Works thereof; and third, the sum necessary
to finish the work undertaken by the Board of Pub-
lic Works. In response to the first inquiry, the
committee report that, they had under considera-
tion at the last session of Congress memorials of
certain citizens ,of the Distriot of Columbia, which
were referred to this committee for investigation.
Among other questions involved in the inquiry was
the debt of the Distriot of Columbia.
" Upon a careful examination of the whole subjeot
at that time, the committee reported the total debt
of the District then to be $9,231,297 37."
" With the view ofaseertaining any change in the
present indebtedness of the Distriot since that time
the committee called upon the comptroller of the
District for a statement of its present debt."
" The report of the comptroller Is hcreto appended,
marked Exhibit A."
"from this report it appears that the debt of the
District and late corporation of December 10, 1873,
was $8,476,122 65."
" The comptroller excludes from his statement mar-
ket-house bonds not issued, (see note to exhibit,)
$172,000. .'He also excludos the estimated amount of
outstanding claims, on account of contracts entered
into by the corporation of Washington, which, by
tho act of the Legislative Assembly Juno 20,1872, was
to be settled by the commissioners of tho sinking
fund, to wit, $550,000. Adding this to the debt stated
by the comptroller, gives the present debt of the Dis-
trict $9,198,122 65, showing a decrease of the debt of
633,174 72."
The committee then review tho financial
condition of the Board of Public Works and
their liabilities and find their assets sufficient to
meet their liabilities and that "no further
sums will be required to complete the work
undertaken, and for which liabilities have
been incurred."
Thus it will be seen, Mr. Speaker, that the
gentleman is only $10,000,000 out of the way
in the statement of the debt of the District.
It may be doubted whether any of his state-
ments of facts can be relied upon after this
exposure. It would hardly seem necessary
to comment upon a "discrepancy" so glaring
in his statement.
CHARGE FOURTH.
"Still harping upon my daughter," the
gentleman takes up the report and looks at it
from another stand-point to show the largely
increased indebtedness of the District and the
excess of the board's liabilities over their
showing; but the- graver charge is here made
that the board willfully suppressed .facts,
omitted important estimates, and have de-
monstrated the utter unreliableness of their
report.. Hear the gentleman:
" We have here a list of oontraots carried out as
to amounts. There are live hundred and sixty con-
tracts, which show the expense of eaoh ; but many
of these contracts have been what thev call ' ex-
tended;' that is, increased in extent boyond what
was originally included in thorn. Jfor instance, if
they covered one street, they have been extendod
over two or three streets, greatly inereasing tho
amount of work to bo done, and of course the price
to be paid. But not one dollar, is carried out for
those 'extensions';' in this whole list of contracts
not, one dollar, from beginning to end, is added for
this excess of work, although tho increase must
amount to millions.
He then takes up a single case aa a sample,
that of D. Hudnell, and he charges that the
report shows that the estimated cost of exe-
cuting the contract was $763 58, and that the
contract was twice extended, but that no sum
was set down in the column of estimates to
cover the cost of these extensions, and then
turns to another part of the report, where he
finds that for the same work Hudnell was paid
$24,056. With a flourish of indignant and
righteous triumph he adds:
" In other words, a contract for $753 58 is swollen
to one for more than $24,000. Here is a trifling dis-
crepancy of thirty times the protended ojsponso, and
conclusive evidence that the report of the Board of
Works is wholly unreliable."
The gentleman says that,this is:not;a solitary
case, that there are nearly a hundred in a sim-
ilar condition, and he submits a table of six-
teen contracts where. similar discrepancies
exist as he claims, and he figures up the dif-
ference between the actual cost of the con-
tracts and what the board set down as "the
estimated cost in these sixteen contracts of
over $500,000.
The difficulty with the gentleman's state-
ment is that it was based upon a copy 'of the
report and exhibits which got into his Hands
before they had been proof-read, and therefore
did not show the facts as the board really
intended to show them in their report.
I have taken the whole number of sixteen
oontraets which the gentleman used in. his
speech, and have prepared a table "C " show-
ing the facts with regard to them as given "by
the official records of the board. In some
cases it will be discovered that the actual cost
of the work was less than the estimated cost; in
others the estimated cost was greater than the
actual cost, the result showing an excess of
the actual over the estimated cost. But, as I
shall show further along, taking the whole list
of contracts estimated for by the board, the
total will not vary materially from the amount
reported by the board. I ask the House to
bear in mind the fact that the only point
which the gentleman is speaking to is that
the estimated amount of liabilities given by
the board does not represent their true liabil-
ities by many millions of dollars. I assert
that the report is substantially correct, and
instead of showing less, than their liabilities
the board have shown more. The column
of remarks explains all the cases referred to
by the gentleman. I now submit the table
to which I have referred, and ask to have it
embodied in this connection with my remarks:
Table "C," copied from the report of the Board of Public Works, showing the sixteen contracts tabulatedby Mr.BooseveM,and giving theitems
suppressed by him.
1871.
Sept. 18....
Sept. 18.
Sept. 18...
Locality of improvement.
street, from E to 3?, N. W  .
November 23, 1871, extended so as to
embrace the foot-pavements,grading,
and setting curbs on Twelfth street,
between Pennsylvania avenue and
E street, N. W. (See page 2 of list
of contracts and tabular statement
No. 21 of expenditures on account of
streets.)
Lay brick foot-pavements and set
curbs along Twelfth street, N. W„
from Pennsylvania avenue to C
street, N. W„ $2,513 95 
November 23, 1871, extended to em-
brace foot-pavements and eurbs
along Twelfth street, N. W., between
C street and canal.
Another contract was awarded to Ifoit-
zey to lay the Belgian Seneca pave-
ment along Twelfth street,from Penn-
sylvania avenue to D street, N.
W., $7,917 25.
November 23, 1871, extended to em-
brace the carriage-way of Twelfth
street, N.W., between D and C streets.
October 13, main and lateral sewer
and water services on Twelfth street,
from Pennsylvania avenue to canal,
$1,215 72. Further extended to em-
brace the paving of the carriage-way
and laying brick foot-pavements and
setting ourbs and constructing twelve-
inch sewer, with necessary man-
holes, traps, laterals, and water ser-
vices on Twelfth street west, between
Name of contractor.
F. H. JTinley..,
George Noitzey..
(3
2
28
73
172
oXt <3
&
$1,468 70
2,513 95
f 7,917 25
151,465 30
1,215 72
1,254 83
oSH
goo
c ©<0-+3
$1,468 70
61,367 05
M ' t3
t-> 2J es>
o« f.
Ksg .
"S3 go
|i1-
•<
$5,374 66
63,836 87
rn-3 o3
JZ3 TO t—
<*+> a
« flo
3 <y
u~<
°So
M o.S
$3,905 96
Errors in Mr. Roosevelt'*
statement.
Mr. Roosevelt omits from
his statement tho esti-
mate of $51,465 30 for don-
tr&ot No. 28, on page 4 of
report, and in this case
the estimated coat is
$530 18 in excess of the
actual cost, instead of
being, as Mr. Roosevelt
makes it, $52,189 95 less
than the actual eost.
