1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M1
represent the States and people of Virginia
and West Virginia, in proffering to the union
the interest of those States and their citizens
in this work, do not ask us to complete it with-
out compensation. The plan proposed is to levy
such tolls on freights as will repay the cost,
and theft reduce the charges to such nominal
rates as will maintain and operate the line,
leaving it substantially free to the people? o£the
whole country. And here, is presented the
question how the Government shall do this
work. Shall it be done by indirect aid, lend-
ing credit in bonds or indorsing or guaran-
tying bonds of States or corporations, o r by
any of those, ingenious and shifty, devices by
which the patron has been entangled or may
be entrapped into aiding private interest by
the public treasure or credit? No, sir, let
us have no indirection here ; no subterfuge
or false pretense, no, swindling double-deal-
ing device. This is a national wort; let the
pati.00 do it for the national benefit. There
is uo other way; private capital will not and
cannot accomplish it, and should not be
permitted to do so if it could and would.
The nation cannot afford to abandon its
"water-ways to private hands; it cannot sur-
render its natural highways $nd their connec-
tions to toll-gatherers; and if the nation is
to construct and control these great national
water lines how should they be constructed?
The Government can safely and properly
construct them only with, its own hand, by its
own skilled and trusted officers,. There are
other plans proposed for other works, but I am
flad that in the case of the James river and
Kanawha Hue the proposition is free from all
semblance of subsidy or private interest.
Those who speak for this line come with clean
hands and pure garments without the hope or
desire of private gain or personal profit, say-
ing, " Take what we have done, and let the
work be completed by the nation through its
own skillful and responsible officers. Let the
expense be reimbursed from the profits, and
then let the line be a free highway for the
people." Thus and thus only can we have a
pure and effective execution of this and other
national works.
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt that as to this
line there would be such tides of commerce
through it that within a reasonable time, a gen-
eration at most, it would repay its cost, and
there would be an important, incidental ad-
vantage: it would open up a mineral region
said on good authority to be richer in iron and
coal than any other accessible region of the
globe—richer even than that of Pennsylvania,
superior to that of the British isla,nds. This
region has long lain and still lies land-locked.
Who can measure the benefits which would
flow from its development and the transmis-
sion of its treasures by a free water-line ?
Mr. Speaker, this great work is already his-
toric. The idea is older than the Govern-
ment. Some of the wisest and best men among
the founders of the Republic saw and pre-
dicted its necessity and its usefulness. Wash-
ington himself, ere yet the Government was
formed, after personal inspection and careful
inquiry pronounced judgment in its favor and
spoke of it as " the shortest, easiest, and least
expensive line of communication" between the
interior and the seaboard. To its promotion
he gave much time, labor, and care, coope-
rating with such patriot statesmen as Patrick
Henry and James Monroe. Had the plan of
these great and wise men been properly sup-
ported ; had this water line been constructed
in their day, or by the next generation, the
channels of commerce would not have been
forced so far north; the mineral regions of
Virginia and adjoining States would have been
developed; their industries would have been
diversified and promoted; slavery^wpuld have
retreated before free labor; the Lnion would
have been strengthened, and the rebellion might
have been averted. But all this is of the past,
iiegreis are vain. It remains for us to per-
form what our forefathers conceived but left
undone. Sooner or later this grand national
enterprise must be oompleted.. Let us aid it
while, we may, lest those who come after us
reproach us as unfaithful to our trust and
regardless of the welfare of the people.
[flare th& hammer fell,]
Mr. CONGER. I yield ten Minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Ms. Kerr.]
Mr. KERB. Mr. Speaker, in reference to
the. first bill introduced by the committee I
shall not attempt a general discussion of its
provisions., A few days ago I had the honor
of addressing the House on that subject at
sowe length. ], desire now only to say that
in its present form it proposes the organiza-
tion of what I then pronounced, and now still
more strongly believe, to be the initiative of a
new and roost dangerous policy on the part
of the Government. We are told by the dis-
tinguished chairman of the committee [Mr.
Shsllabargbr] that this proposed board is to
be only a sort of board of trade or statistical
department; but we have already a Bureau of
Statistics, and we need no more. If we are
to refer to all these heads of departments,
with a single secretary, the collection, colla-
tion, and presentation of these important sta-
tistics, I do not see that in this mere matter
of administrative duty we pan gain anything
over what we possess to-day.
Only this morning, Mr. Speaker, this House
passed an important bill, presented to it by the
Committee of Ways and Means, for the pur-
pose of increasing the present powers and
jurisdiction of the Bureau of Statistics ; and
all the additions thus made to the powers and
functions of that bureau are in the precise
line indicated as so desirable by the chairman
of this committee. I hold, therefore, we need
no additional aid in the way of new offices,
with new officers, to accomplish anything in
that direction. Our facilities now are ample.
And I want the attention of the House, Mr.
Speaker, to say that in my judgment the real
trouble in this bill, apparently so harmless,
containing but a single seotion, is to organize
an additional body of men, whose duty it shall
be, when the Government may see fit to enter
upon any of these great public improvements
now indicated and foreshadowed by the same
committee, to take charge of these improve-
ments and attempt .to conduct them, to execute
them, to control them in all things, and to
exercise through them vast influence for good
or for evil over the interests of the public, and
most likely for evil.
It is against any such organization as that I
do forever protest, however meritorious each
and all of these public enterprises may be. I
say to the memhers of this House that it will
never be safe to commit them to any organ-
ization against which the people of the coun-
try can ever bring the suspicion or the charge
of combination, of jobbery, of self-seeking
schemes and conspiracies against the Treas-
ury. They must, for the essential safety of
this country, be, lifted above any suspicion of
that kind.
This proposed new department consists, not
of commercial men or merchants or business
men, familiar from experience with the course
and wants of trade and exchange, or with the
practical conduct of national improvements
and public works; it is not to be a board of
trade or a bureau of statistics, but a bureau
of politicians, and that is all. It is against all
such bureaus I shall never cease to protest.
If I were in favor of any or all of the three
proposed national enterprises, I should beg the
House never to consent that the interests of
the Government, or of the people in connection
with them, should be endangered or imperiled
by taking them in any way out of the proper,
safe, and honest control of the proper en-
gineer corps, with all its safeguards.
It is the experience of our country in the
past that none of qur public enterprises or
great interior improvements have ever been
so honestly and faithfully and economically
administered as under the jurisdiction of tb«)
engineers of tSe War or Navy Departments.
I believe there is no exception to that propo-
sition. . Turn wherever you will in the conn-
are being expended under one or the otherof
the bureaus of these Departments, and I think
I may say. with unfailing correctness, they are
in every case being honestly administered,
faithfully, 'intelligently, economically. And
that is what the country wants; that is whal
the. people want, in order to insure them these
enterprises are to be carried on in their inter-
est, and not in the interest of- rings afrd
lobbyists. >
In my judgment' it would be vain, utterly
vain, to commit the conduct or prosecution o#
one of these great enterprises to the board of
commissioners of commerce proposed- to be
oreated by this bill.
Mr. SHELLABAEGBR. If the gentleman
from Indiana will allow me to interrupt him.
I will say that the bill before the House is not
amenable to the criticism which he is resort-
ing to. The bill simply provides for the ere-,
ation of a board of commissioners of com-
merce, with power to collect information and
statistics and make recommendations affecting
those public works, but in no sense gives them
charge of the matter of their construction or
their control. The only contracts that it
authorizes them to see to the enforcement of are
such contracts as exist between the Govern-
ment and parties in regard to the commerce
of the United States; as, for example, con-
tracts for subsidies and the like.
Mr. KERR. The distinguished gentleman
from. Ohio must not misunderstand me. I
did not say that the provisions of this bill as
he has presented it to-day embrace the powers
to which I referred. But- I did say, and I
now repeat, that in my judgment the ulterior
purpose of this legislation is to give this
contemplated department the control over all
enterprises of this kind on which our country
may hereafter enter. I think this conclusion is
fairly inferable from the provisions and spirit
of this bill. The contracts over the enforce-
ment of which the board of commissioners of
commerce will have jurisdiction will certainly
n.ot be. unlike the contracts which will neces-
sarily arise in great numbers under these
enterprises, if ever adopted and entered upon
by the Government.
Now, why do I say that? Because it is ex-
pressly declared in this bill to be the duty of
this board to "see to the due enforcement of
all contracts made for the promotion of com-
merce, and to the faithful performance of their
duties by ail officers having duties to discharge
in aid of commerce," and other things which
I will not now read. The mere verbal enlarge-
ment of these powers would embrace in ex-
press terms the contracts for the contemplated
enterprises. We need not and the true inter-
ests of our people do not demand that we
create a board of trade who shall be officers
and constitute a great department of our Gov-
ernment. Much less am I willing to do this
thing simply in order to follow the example
of some foreign nation. We need not go
abroad and import imperial institutions. Our
voluntary and intelligent boards of trade all
over our country are all we need. They can
well take care of themselves, and make note
of their wants, andpresent their views to Con-
gress. Existing departments supply us now
with official information and statistics. Let
us improve the machinery and facilities we
have, aud not multiply useless and expensive
offices.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, addressed the
House in remarks which will be published in
the Apoendix.
Mr. C0NG1£R. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Waldex ]
