1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
brief period I shall remain in the Senate to
g-i more fully into this subject I shall be happy
t;> do it, but I shall not detain the Senate
li'iicpr now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have listened with
much satisfaction to the remarks of the Sena
tor from Iowa, particularly those in reference
to the gentlemen of the profession to which I
happen to belong. It is one of the misfor-
tunes of life that that profession is disgraced
sometimes by men who are unworthy of it, by
men who betray their clients, and with allies
and confederates plunder the public Treasury;
and it has sometimes happened also that those
allies have belonged to another profession
which I will not name. It is no part of my
purpose to defend the legal profession or any
other profession. But it is my business to
defend my constituents and the public Treas-
ury. So much for the law part of the affair.
Now, my friend, who has worked himself
Into a considerable degree of warmth about
this business, thinks the fraud was upon the
other side, and says that the Senate has made
an award in favor of these people. My friend
was mistaken; the Senate did not make a final
award. It referred, upon a report which did
not disclose the facts, to a future adjustment,
which might be made with the Indians, of
these claims. And when we come to the
treaty of 1866 my friend is mistaken again.
His cloth is not large enough for his pattern
there. The treaty of 1866 fairly construed and
taken together does not require us to pay this
money or these bonds. On the contrary, I
undertake to say that you cannot give effect to
the law, and that is the only way to construe
a paper and provide for the payment of these
claims. It is true, as my friend has said, that
Congress acted upon this, but with its eyes not
opeu to all the truth, be that truth important
or unimportant. A solemn settlement might
be supposed by some people who are so un-
fortunate as to belong^o the legal profession
to be of some consequence. By gentlemen of
other professions it might not be so considered.
That has not been kept in sight. It was in
ignorance of that that Congress passed an act
that the Secretary of the Treasury might issue
$260,000 of bonds; the thing was hung up in
court; it was ascertained that there was a
leak; it was suspended in order that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury might get at the truth.
All that 1 ask now is that the Secretary shall
not deliver these bonds until investigation
shall be had.
I am sorry to* excite the ire of my friend
from Iowa against the legal profession. 1
Jtnow he is a friend of the Indians, but he
ought not to forget his Uncle Samuel, though
he is a friend to the Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. I said nothing disparaging
to the legal profession.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make no complaiut for
them, but. I thought the Senator was very much
offended with them.
Mr. HARLAN. On the contrary, delighted.
I made some reflections on the character of
the parties who were assisting the Indians. I
judge they are lawyers. Clients usually em-
ploy sen of the legal profession to aid them
in securing their rights.
What benefit will accrue oqt of the adoption
of thisamendment? It simply holds up the pay-
mentof an amount of securities which at three
different times the Congress of the United States
has decided was due to these Indians, and this
on the discovery of a paper dated several years
prior to the treaty under which the claim origin-
ates. Now, whether the honorable Senator
from Vermont construes the treaty of 1866 cpr-
rectly or not, I shall not discuss. I mentioned,
however, when I was on my feet before, that the
question was referred by the Secretary of the
Treasury to the Attorney General, and an offi-
cial opinion of the Attorney General was had,
which was sent to the Senate and printed, and
is now among our documents. It was laid oft
'the table of every Senator. From an exam-
ination of that opinion it will appear that the
Attorney General and the honorable Senator
from Vermont differ in opinion on thiB subject.
By an examination of the resolution of the
Senate itself it will be found that the Senate
has decided the question adversely to the opin-
ion expressed by the Senator from Vermont.
A year later both Houses passed a law direct-
ing these bonds to be delivered, which may
fairly be construed, I think, to be an expres-
sion of opinion on the part of the Govern-
ment of the United States. Which is right, I
shall not undertake to determine. It may be
it is the honorable Senator. The only good
that, can grow out of the adoption of this
amendment will be to withhold this small pit-
tance out of the amount due these Indians for
another year.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have one more amend-
ment to offer, which I trust will meet the ap-
proval of my honorable friend from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan.-] I move to amend the first
clause of the first section by adding after the
word "appropriated," where it first occurs in
the fourth line, the words, " for the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1874." I was amazed to find
upon inquiry that the Indian expenditures for
several years past, certainly for the last year,
have exceeded the amount appropriated for
the year by a couple of millions of dollars.
On inquiring further it turns out that some-
body—some Attorney General perhaps—thinks
that if you only state in the title of a bill the
period which the appropriation is to cover you
may then go on and spend it when you like.
Thus, if there is anything left over from the
appropriation for 1869 you may speud it jri
1872. To meet the view of somebody who
discovered that looohple'l 4esire to have this
amendment inserted.
Hr-. &ARLAN. I shall not oppose that
amendment, but I take advantage of the occa-
sion of its being offered to say another word
that has-occurred to me, This whole question
was afterward referred, on my motion, to the
Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, of
whicty the honorable Senator from Vermont
was himself a member, and there is a report
now on the files of the Senate from that com-
mittee in favor of this Choctaw claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am just as anxious as
the Senator is to do what I can for the benefit
of the Choctaw nation, but I presume the Ju-
diciary Committee will absolve me from the
responsibility of agreeing with all its decisions.
Although I always agree with the honorable
Senator from Iowa, I do not always agree with
that committee. The whole of these investi-
gations, as it now turns out, have been con-,
ducted, from the time of Sebastian, when it
was first opened, under a total misapprehen-
sion of the facts that have taken place.
Mr. RAMSEY. As it is not probable that
this bill will be disposed of this evening, I rise
to move that the Senate proceed to tne con-
sideration of executive business. ["Nol"
"No!"]
Mr. WINDOM. As there are very few
more amendments to be offered, I hope my
colleague will withdraw his motion for the
present.
Mr. RAMSEY. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I desire to
say a word in regard to the amendment I
offered yesterday. Having had a conversation
with the Secretary of the Interior this morning
on the subject, I am very much convinced of
its necessity, and I will ask now for the
adoption of a substitute for it which I have
drawn np, and which I think is in much better
form, if the Senate will hear it read. I pro-
pose to the chairman, or whoever has charge
of this bill, to substitute this for the amend-
ment which wag adopted yesterday, -and I ask
to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed sub-
stitute, as follows:
Provided, That for the sale of arms or ammu-
nition in any quantities by any traders or tbeii
agents at any trading posts, or at any other placet
within any district of country occupied by uncivil-
ised Indians, to any Indian or any othar person
within such district, such traders shall forfeit their
right to trade with the Indians, And the Secretary
of the Interior Bhall exclude such trade or traders
and their agents so offending from such district or
territory of country so occupied.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
substitute that for the amendment offered by
me and adopted yesterday. I conversed with
the Assistant Secretary of the Interior this
morning on the subject, and he said to me
that while out there, last summer I think it
was, examining the Indian tribes, he was
compelled at one time to order the return of
fifty kegs of powder boxed up and labelled
"flour," to prevent it from getting into the
hands of the Indians through the traders, and
he spoke of the necessity of this provision.
This applies to all the districts occupied by
them, aud I thought it more in accordance
with the view of tne Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Illinois in his purpose. No
one would dissent from his purpose, which is
to prevent the sale of ammunition to hostile
Indians, or those likely to use it in making
war on the frontier settlements; but unless
there is some little change in thephsaseology
it may work a very gre*t hardship. Suppose
the Pawnee Indians were not premitted to
buy powder and lead or arms, how would
they defend themselves from the incursions of
the Sioux? The Sioux are making inroads
on them continually.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 will explain to the Sen-
ator, if he will allow me, right here. The
object of this provision is to prevent traders
and their agents from selling ammunition
to Indians. Wherever the Secretary of the
Interior deems it proper for them to be fur-
nished with arms and ammunition there is no
prohibition, and that authority now exists.
This amendment does not prohibit that. This
strikes at the agents, so that they sh^ll not in-
discriminately sell ammunition to Indians. It
takes it out of their hands and leaves it en-
tirely in the hands of the Secretary of the
Interior. Then he is to judge ; and if at any
time it may be proper to have ammunition
or arms sold to certain Indians, he can decide
the question.
Mr. HARLAN. I have some difficulty yet,
unless the amendment is modified. With
whom can the Indians trade if not with the
traders? All unlicensed traders are not per-
nr't'ed to live on the reservations. Why, sir,
if jou prohibit a soldier froin buying anything
from n sutler when in the field, from whom
ca- he buy? He may possibly break ranks
an 1 get away far enough to find a store and
make a purchase. An Indian trader sustains
a relation somewhat similar to the tribe.
Nd man can trade with an Indian tribe on a
reservation unless he gets a license to do so.
Whenever he is licensed to do so he is a trader.
If this amendment passes in itspresent form,
no trader will dare to sell the Indians ammu-
nition or arms. This would be right in some
cases. It would be wise if you could apply
it to the Indians who are hostile or are likely
to become hostile; but how will it affect the
Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws/Delawares,
Sehecas, Shawnees, Wyandotts, and Kicka-
poos, and all the Indians down in Kansas and
Nebraska? If you do not allow one of them
to buy from a trader a pound of shot, or an
ounce of powder, or a shot-gun, or a musket,
or a rifle, how are they to defend themselves
from the Indians of the plains ? If you disarm
them you must station an army between them
and their enemies. It would even affect two
or three hundred Sacs and Foxes in my own
State if you would not allow them to bay pow-
