1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
elected Vice President of the United States
for four years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1873, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested; and it further an-
nounced that Mr. Sherman had been appointed
a member of said committee on the part of
the Seriate.
It farther announced that the Senate had
adopted a concurrent resolution providing for
the printing for the-use ; of the Commissioner
of Agriculture of twenty-five hundred addi-
tional copies of so much of the ninth census
as .relates to statistics of agriculture; in which'
the concurrence of the House was requested.
It further announced that • the Senate re-
quested the return of the bill (HvRi-No,
2704) for the relief of S. P. Jocelyri.
It farther announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for holding a
circuit court-of the United States in the west-
ern district of Missouri," approved June 8,
1872, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 1281) relating to the frac-
tional parts of barrels containing fermented
liquors; and
An act (S. No. 1282) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men of the Crow tribe of
Indians for the surrender of their reservation,
or a part thereof, in the Territory of Montana.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
(at- four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned. •
petitions, eto.
The followiug petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BELL: The petition of C. P. Lord
and others, for repeal of stamp duties on pro-
prietary- medicines.
By: Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Pelham Holmes, heir and grandson of the late
Eben Lohdell, of Fall River, Massachusetts,
prayinginderanity for losses sustained by dep-
redations committed by the public and private
armed vessels of France between the years
1793 and 1801.
Also, the memorial of Captain Horatio N.
Brightman, of Fall River, Massachusetts, pray-
ing remuneration for loss of schooner Mary
Mershon, on the night of the 17th of October,
1872, by striking upon the foundations of the
light-house being erected by the United States
upon Race rock, so called, in Long Island
sound.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of William
S. McKnight, and James W. Richardson, for
relief.
By Mr. DOX: The memorial of Price Wil-
liams, president of Mobile Board of Trade,
praying an appropriation of money to be
applied to the improvement of Mobile harbor.
Also, the memorial of druggists and others
of Mobile, Alabama, praying the repeal of
the law imposing taxes upon certain manufac-
fnvon avtlfmps
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of William
B. Blanding and others, of Providence, Rhode
Island, for the repeal of the stamp tax on
proprietary medicines and medicinal prepara-
tions- . . r. „ ,  
By Mr. ESTY: The petition of Carlton &
Hovey and others, for the abolition of stamps
enumerated in schedule C of the internal
revenue laws. . ,
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: Memorials of
the General Assembly of the State of Missouri,
concerning the improvement of western rivers.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of George 0. Leavitt and others, for the
passage of House bill No. 3207, to quiet title
to certain lauds in Michigan.
Also, {he- petition of E. R. Powell and 56
others, fo,r wail route from Stanton to St.
Louis, Michigan.
By Mr. HANDLEY: The memorial of Price
Williams, president of the Board of Trade,
Motile, Alabama, asking Congress to appro-
priate $200,000 to aid in removing obstructions
in the bay and harbor of Mobile, Alabama.
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut; The
petition of McNary & Co., and others, drug-
gists, of Hartford, Connecticut, for t)ie removal
of stamp taxes under schedule 0.
„ IJy Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Cone
& Everett and others, of Concord, New Hamp-
shire, for the -removal of stamp duties, imposed
by schedule C.
By Mr.jjOSLLOGG : The petitions of Charles
A. Pelton and others, of Middletown, and the
C, G, Clark Company and others, of New Ha-
ven, for repeal of the law for proprietary stamps.
Also, the petition of Charles A. Pelton and
others, of Middletown, Connecticut, for repeal
of the law for proprietary stamps.
Also, the petition of the C. G. Clark Com-
pany and others, of New Haven, Connecticut,
for repeal of the law for proprietary stamps.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of Dennis
& Dennis, Lima, New York, against amend-
ment of the postal laws.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of the
Oswego, New York, Board of Trade, for the
improvement of the harbor at Toledo by the
construction of a permanent channel through
the Maumee bay','
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of F. M.
Giles and others, citizens of Kansas, for the
amelioration of national taxes on banking
institutions.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
George S. Baker, S. B. Briggs, Robert
Douthett, David G. Adams, William Tyler,
S. B. Cunningham, and 67 others, citizeus of
Beavercounty, Pennsylvania, stating thatabout
one hundred and sixty-five Chinese laborers
have been imported for a cutlery company,
located in the borough of Beaver Falls, in
said county, thereby causing the discharge
from the works of the white American me-
chanics and workmen; that two hundred more
Chinese, direct from China, are said to be
engaged and on the way for the same cutlery
and other works of the same company, to
the exclusion from the works of our own peo-
ple ; that contracts have been made, through
one of their own race, for long periods of
servitude on their part, at wages so low as
to forbid competition by American workmen;
that their habits are so debasing as to insure
the demoralization and degradation of all
Christian communities brought in contact with
them; that their introduction into the United
States, in the manner in which it is done,
shows a manifest attempt to revive the insti-
tution of slavery ; and that it is an act of bad
faith toward the workpeople of Pennsylvania
and of the United States, inasmuch as that
the protection of thirty-five to_ fifty per cent,
against the importation of foreigu cutlery was
enacted for the purpose of protecting the
American laborer against cheap foreign labor;
and asking that, as a means, therefore, to be
saved from such evils, and in behalf of their
own workpeople. Congress will pass a law
prohibiting any further importation of Chi-
nese laborers under contracts made in China;
or that it will authorize the free importation
from foreign countries of such articles or
manufactures as are or may be produced in
the United States by and through Chinese
cheap labor so contracted for.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of
A. B. Collins and others, of Westerly, in the
State of Rhode Island, praying the repeal of
the stamp tax on proprietary medicines and
medicinal preparations.
By Mr. SARGENT: The memorial of the
druggists, perfumers, and others, of Sacra-
mento, California, for a repeal of the proprie-
tary stamp tax.
By Mr. SL0GUM: The petition of Henry
Todd and others, of Batavia, New York, and
Charles Hynes, of Ogdensburg, New York;
for amendment to postal bills
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of C. A, Weaver & Co., and others^ o£  New
London, Connecticut, asking a repeal of the
stamp tax.
-> Also, the petition of Lanman & Levin, and
others,'of Norwich, Connecticut, asking the
repeal of the stamD tax.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of R.
W. Macready & Co;, and others, druggists,
perfumers, and manufacturers of medicine,
of Cincinnati, Ohio,, praying repeal of the
stamp act.
By Mr. STORM: The petition of Joseph
Lynn, publisher of the Mauch Chunk Dem-
ocrat, Pennsylvania, praying an amendment
to the bill pending before Congress to amend
the postal laws. .' ,
By. Mr. TWICHELL: The petitions of
Weeks, Potterand others, and Smith Doolittle
and others, for repeal of tax on stamps.
By Mr. WELLS. The petition of a number
of merchants and manufacturers in the city
of St. Louis, asking the repeal of that portion
of the act of Congress known as schedule C,
by which manufacturers are taxed by stamps.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 14, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. C. D. Foss, D. D., of New
York city.
On motion of Mr. WEST, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL OEHCERa.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the message of the House of Repre-
sentatives, asking a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amendment
of the Senate to the hill (H. R. No. 2053)
authorizing the nomination and appointment
to the retired list of the Navy of certain volun-
teers on the active list of the Navy who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war.
Mr. CRAGIN. The amendment of the
Senate to that bill merely added another name.
That person has recently died, and I therefore
move that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
INAUGURATION ARRANGEMENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points as the committee of Senators in regard
to the inauguration, according to the resolu-
tion adopted yesterday, the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Craoin,] the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] and the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
A bill (H. R. No. 3360) to authorize the
building of the Wyoming and Montana rail-
way—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 3944) to chiange the times
and places for holding the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the district of
Minnesota—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 3945) for the relief of
George Washington and Sallie Washington,
his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (H, R. No. 3947) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14,1870—
to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. li. No. 3948) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river
at Van Ruren, Arkansas—to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. It. No 394(5) to authoiize the
