1844
THE .CONGRESSIONAL- &1GBIL
February 14,
Secretary of the Navy to convey to the city of
Chelsea, Massachusetts, certain land for the
use of a street was read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. That, is a bill which
suppose would properly go ta the Naval Com-
mittee. It has. bisen informally examihed by.
tbem« It ifi-. a .bill which allows a street in
Chelsea to go through a corner of the public
grounds theie, lamd belonging to the Govern-
ment which street will b&of great benefit to
the Government as well as accommodation to
the' people. It is a matter which if we had a
board of puhlic works, in Chelsea, I suppose,
the Government would toeassegsed to pay for.'
The bill ia very carefully guarded and requires
that the Secretary of the Navy, before giving
his assent to it, shall, convene a board of
officers Wbo shall decide whether the Govern-
ment eaght to receive any compensation for
this improvement of its land, and if so, how
much. I ask, therefore, that it he put on its
passage, or rather lat it.be read subject to
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read in full, subject to objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better be
printed and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made,  
PETITIONS A5  MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a res-
olution of tfye legislature of Kansas, in ref-
erence to the bill periding in Congress for fli©
relief of settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands ;
which' was. referifed to the Committee on Pub-
lic Jjarjds,, and ordered to be printed.
Mr." WILSON presented the petition of
George P; Mayhew, publisher of the Ashland
Advertiser, of Middlesex, Massachusetts, pray-
ing that the words "and wholly printed and"
be omitted from the pending amendment to
the postal laws; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of Hon. Clark
Jillson, mayor of the city of Worcester, pres-
ident, and others vice presidents and secreta-
ries of a mass meeting held in the city of Wor-
cester, asking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the traffic in intoxicating liquors
and restrictive and prohibitory legislation for
the suppression of intemperance ; which was
ordered to lie an the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of James
B. Scott, publisher of the Delphi Journal at
Delphi, Indiana^ praying that the words " and
wholly 'pointed and" be omitted from the
pending amendment tq the postal laws; which
was referred to the Committee op Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Minnesota, remonstrating against the passage
of House bill No. 1027, to perfect navigation
on the Mississippi river; which' was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM''presented the petition
of B. W. Maples, of Westport, Connecticut,
publisher of the Hour, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill 'before Congress regu-
lating the postage on printed matter; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented a petition of
national banks of Galveston, Texas, praying
for a modification of the taxes on national
banking institutions or their entire abroga-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present the
petition of some one hundred and twenty-five
citizens of New Jersey, who are very respect-
able people, urging the necessity of a law to
prevent the further absorption of the lands of
the United States by railroads or other cor-
porations and to have the residue of the pub-
lic domain forever set apart for the exclusive
use of actual settlers in limited amounts. The
letter accompanying it also expresses decided
approbation .itf the soldiers' bounty- land bill.
I mov<e the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Public Lands. ' ' ', '
The motion was agreed- tb; - s
- Mr. SCOTT presented a- petition, pf citizens
ofPertrfsylvania, playing for a-prohibition of
. the manufecUir^ ^impjrftation, ,aad bf all
intoSicfttitfg'- liquors tobe use*} as a beverage
within! thd-United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the:kat>1e. . 1 !
Mr. POME!ROY; • I:present sevei^Tpeti-
tiona from1 settlers ffpbn what are knbwniit'ttie
State of Kansas as the Cherokee neutral lands
and the Osage csded lands. - The* petitions
from the settlers on the . Cherok# neutral
lands ask fbr the passage of a- bHl-wBich has
been under consideration here and which wa®
cut off by the expiration of'the: m brning' ho'u r.
I hope to get early action on that bill'. The'
settlers on the Osage' ceded landa pray for an
extension of the time in which to pay fpr!
their lands. I move that these- petitions be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Ran-
dolph Mott, praying to be allowed a'pension
for services rendered in the defense of Port
McHenry in the war of 1812; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of the
Young Men's Christian Association of Green-
port, New York, asking for a commission of
inquiry concerning the traffic in intoxicating
liquors, and' restrictive and prohibitory legis-
lation for the suppression of intemperance;
which was referred to "the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the Upited States.
Mr. BLAIR presented the memorial of R.
W. McMullen, publisher of:the Jefferson Dem-
ocrat, of Jefferson county, Missouri, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill before
Congress regulating the postage on printed
matterwhich was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented six petitions of
citizens of Maine, praying for a prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, arid sale of all
intoxicating licjuors to be used as a beverage
within the United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan, presented the
memorials of P. Weller, publisher of the
News and Reporter of Muskegon, Michigan;
John N. IngersoU, publisher of the Shiowas-
see American, Michigan ; H. W. Guernsey,
publisher of the St. Joseph Herald, Michigan;
and Alvin S'turtevant, publisher of the Benton
Harbor Palladium, Michigan, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill before Con-
gress reguVatingthe postage on printed matter;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Office^ and'Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented two memorials
of citizens of the State of Virginia, manu-
facturers of tobacco, wholesale dealers in man-
ufactured tobacco, and dealers in leaf tobacco,
praying that no change be made in the law as
regards the retail sales of leaf tobacco; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance. '
Mr. CONKL1NG presented a petition of
gaugers of customs at the port of New York,
praying to be restored to their original status
of equality with weighers of the same' port
both as regards rank and pay; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. • '
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a report of the surveyor
general of New Mexico on private land
claims; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to,
to be printed.
. WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
leave be granted to withdraw the papers in
theease of Hannah Charkon which' are be-
fore "the Committee on Claims. "A bill has
been- passed which gives the relief, and she
does not wish- to prosecute her claim before
the committee any further.
Leave was granted to withdraw the papers.
r , .REPORTS Of COMMITTEE^.
M-r. ANTHONY.1 The Committee oh Naval
Affairs, to whom we'eereferfed the petitions of
Clara P. Meade, widow of Richard W. Meade,
la,te commander,in,the United Stales Navy;
of Mrs., Adelaide Armstrong, widow of William
U. Armstuong ; ©f R.; Handy, commander in
the United States Navy; of the: heirs of Ad-
mifc&l James S. Palmer, deceased; and several
others of the same kind, petitioning for relief,
have instructed me to report a general bill on
the subject..
• fbe'.bill (S. No. 1592) for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Navy who were dropped,
farltmghed, or retired under the act of Feb-
ruary 28, 1855, was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr, PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Hiram
Prather, of Indiana, praying payment for ser-
vices rendered , as an officer in the war of the
rebellion, submitted & report accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 1591) for the relief of Hiram
Prather, late lieutenant colonel of the sixth
regiment Indiana, volunteer infantry.
The bill was ; read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the.petition of Catherine
Harris, of Fort Foote, Maryland, widow of
Mathias Harris, chaplain. and captain in the
United States Army, praying for a pension,
submitted an adverse report, which was or-
dered to be printed; and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of
the petition. :
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Prank C.
Darling, praying compensation for the destruc-
tion of property in Minnesota by the Sioux
Indians, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2887) for the
relief of William Johnson, of Ripley county,
Indiana, reported it without amendment; and
submitted a report thereon, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1228) relating to the
payment of bounties to the fifth regiment
Connecticut volunteers, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1424) to relin-
quish the interest of the United States in
certain lands at San Francisco, California,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3737). making appropriations for -the
support of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June'SO, 1874, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(EL R. No. 239) authorizing the award,to the
Vincennes University of certain vacant and
abandoned lands in Knox county, Indiana,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom' wds referred the bill (EI. R.
No. 3825) to so amend an act entitled "An
act to reduee duties on imports and to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 6, 1872, as to allow producers of
tobacco to sell a limited quantity of tobacco
produced by them at retail directly to con-
sumers, and for other purposes, have directed
me to report it adversely, and to move that the
