1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
45>
42D CONG....3X> SBSS.
District Affairs—Mr. Ghipman.
Ho. of Eeps.
X find-itcertified fco by the officer of the
GQyernnaeixt, and the sum total is, I believe, dollars
aad cents, the precise sum asked for by the board."
Artb-the^correctness of these charges made by
Mr. B. Roosevelt, I submit the following
extract from the voucher in the Treasury Depart-
ment,^which Mr. Roosevelt states he has seen, but
ha&a&frex&mined critically:
City Hall reservation on G and Fourth streets:
Curbing 1,907 lineal feet, at $1 50 $2,860 50
Cirtfalar curbing, 49 lineal feet, at $2 50  122 50
Sidewalk,brick,1.626square yards, at$i 00.. 1,626 00
Sidewalk, asphalt, 971 square yards, at
81 25  1,310 82
Carriage-way, asphalt, 7,860, less one
sixth, 1,310=6,550 square yards, at $3 20... 20,960 00
Sodding 8,090 square yards, at fifty cents  1,545 60
Sewers on G- street, 840, less, one sixth,
140=700 lineal feet, at $4 70   3,290 00
Total   $31,714 85
From this extract it will be seen that in the
voucher certified to by me there id no "charge for
concrete pavement on Fifth street, along the square,"
and that the total amount of sewers charged for is
$3,290, and not 114,770, and that the amount paid by
the United States for the improvements at the City
Hall reservation is $24,971 20 leas than the amount
at&teji.by Mr. Roosevelt, who, if he examines1 the
voucher on file in the Treasury "critically," will
find that " the falsomeasurements and falseonarges"
exist oillyHn his speech.
Finally,-! have to state that the work done by the
Board ,of Public Work.3 for Government reserva-
tions, as measured and estimated under my direction,
amounts to $1,321,957 52
That the voucher in the Treasury cer-
tified to by me amounts to  1,240,752 64
Leaving a balance unpaid of  $81,204 88
In addition to this there is considerable work in
progress which, being unfinished, was not estimated
at all; such as the carriage-way around the Circle at
P and Nineteenth streets, and the carriage-way,
flagging, and curbing at Scott's statue. And by a
clerical error the wooden pavement around the
Circle at Pennsylvania avenue and Twenty-third
street northwest was omitted entirely.
Respectfully, yours, O. E.BABCOCK,
Maj. of Engineers, U. S. A., in charge
of Public Building*, Grounds, and Works.
Hon. A. R. Shepherd,
Vice President Board of Public Works.
The honorable member, not yet having ex
h&usted his subject, next proceeds to pay his
respects to county expenditures, in the follow-
ing words:
" On page 16 of the report we have a statement
of the board purporting to give the total expenses
of county works, county roads, <fcc. In that con-
nection the board was anxious to reduce the amount,
and to show how little money they had spent, how
economical they had been, and how carefully they
had kept within the appropriations which they were
authorized to expend. They give the amount at
$123,089 72. But when they come before this gen-
erous House of Congress to ask for an appropri-
ation, they see the thing in a new light, and looking
through the other end of the magnifying glass pro-
duce a very different result. At page 50 they give
the amount which for the same purposes they have
charged on the same account the Government. It
reads as follows: 'roadsin county, first legislative
district, east of Lincoln avenue and Bunker Hill
road, $120,111 23; second legislative district, west; of
Lincoln avenue and Bunker IIill road, $314,340 24;
making a total of $334,451 47, instead of $123,000.
The item of $123,089 72, to which the gen-
tleman refers, is given on page 16 of the report,
and is work not done by contract. It forms a
part of the total of $334,451 47, the difference
being work done under contracts, of which
there are sixty-nine.
In answer to an interrogatory the gentleman
states that he went before the Committee on
Appropriations for the purpose of calling their
attention to some of these facts, as he is pleased
to dignify his misrepresentations. He declares,
however, that his position was a peculiar one,
as lie "felt the United States Government was
under obligations to the people of the District,
and was bound in honor to assist them." Yet,
under cover of his hatred toward the board, he
appeared before the committee and exerted
his utmost power to prevent a favorable report
upon the appropriation. His expressions of
interest will be estimated at their proper value
in this community, and his singular mode ot
exhibiting his friendly feeling for our people
willcompare favorably with his peculiar method
of turning fiction into facts. How soon he
disappeared after he fired his diminutive gun,
as though afraid of the recoil 1 Doubtless as
he journeyed to his New York home lie con-
soled himself by the reflection that—
"He who fights and runs away
May live to fight another day."
And then how solicitous he is not to be con-
sidered as reflecting upon the President! He
assails in abusive terms executive appointees,
and yet does not wish to be understood as
censuring the power that placed them in
authority and keeps them there. With an eye
to recent events in his own city, he says,
'' There may be some palliation in the weak-
ness of human nature for the man who steals
public money intrusted to him, but the official
who squanders it deserves the same punish-
ment as the criminal guilty of arson." The
men he thus assails are in all respects his
peers; they are known to the Chief Magis-
trate, by whom they were appointed, and by
whom they are retained in office ; and I do
not believe that any citizen feels a greater
pride in' the improvements which are now
developing the beautiful features of the seat
of Government than he who did so much with
his sword to make it the permanent capital
of a united people. In evidence of this, and
his confidence in the Board of Public Works,
let me read the following extract from his
message to the present Congress:
" Since the establishment of a territorial govern-
ment for the District of Columbia, the improvement
of the condition of the city of Washington and sur-
roundings. and the increased prosperity of the citi-
zens, is observable to the most casual visitor. The
nation, being a large owner of property, should bear
with the citizens of the District its just share of the
expense of these improvements.
" X recommend, therefore, an appropriation to re-
imburse the citizens for the work done by them
along and in front of public grounds <kmng the past
year, and liberal appropriations in order that the
improvement and embellishment of the public
buildings and grounds may keep pace with the im-
provements made by the territorial authorities."
Of a like nature is the gentleman's asser-
tions that the board "have used up all the
funds of the District government appropriated
to ordinary purposes, so that the school-teach-
ers, the firemen, and the police are unpaid,"
" contractors are on the point of failure," and
that the laborers are in a "state of riot." I
pronounce each of these statements at variance
with truth, and here declare that not one dol-
lar has been drawn from the District by the
board except such as has been appropriated
by the Legislature for their uses. Their labor-
ers and employes have been paid in full to
January 1 of the present year; their con-
tractors, I am informed, have been paid as
rapidly as the resources of the board would
permit, and as promptly as in any other city
in the United States.
more appropriations.
It is true, as the gentleman alleges, that the
Board of Public Works have expressed their
intention to apply to us for $2,000,000 during
this session to continue the improvements of
the city. Why should they not, Mr. Speaker?
An examination of the public records of the
country will show that since 1802 the General
Government has expended for the improve-
ment of our streets and avenues $1,321,288 81.
During the same period the city of Washington
has expended $13,921,767 15, or the citizens
have paid ninety percent, and the Government
ten per cent., and I leave out of this computa-
tion nearly $2,000,000 which have been ex-
pended by Georgetown and the county of
Washington; and yet the United States owns,
and has owned, not less than two fifths of the
city of Washington. I will not here discuss
the duty of the General Government toward its
capital. The gentleman expresses his willing-
ness to help discharge this duty. The only
difficulty he has is to permit anything to be
done while the present Board of Public Works
are in power. I hope f" have Convinced him
that he can -afford io risk"' the public money
in their hands. A careful examination of
their report will show that the money expended
by them hitherto has in the main been more
economically and wisely expended than a sim-
ilar amount in his or any other city, as I be-
lieve, in the United .States. , ' '
I hope I"may be pardoned, while on this
subject of the obligations of the General Gov-
ernment toward its capital, in quoting from
the testimony taken before an investigation
into the affairs of the district last winter.'
I quote from pages' 74(1 and Hi the.teslir
mony of Hon. Francis P, Blair : "
" By Mr. Chipman
" Question. I would like to have your views in'
regard to the obligation Ahat the' General (Govern-
ment owes to this 3>ietrict. to wake.it a proper resi-
dence afad place for the capital of the nation.
"Answer. The leather of his "Country laid out the
city for the nation; he neyer,believed' that a com-
mercial people would live,here. . H ft judged wisely
that these broad avenues were necessary for the
capital of a. great" people [ike Ours'; his laid them
out so that they <aan be ^parked, aod the' health .of
the city secured. They ace lajd flut so th^t the
air can' pass th'rough the .city in et"ery direction.
These broad streets l-are'; parks' themselves: and
this will be the most. beautiful city the earth has
ever seen.
" Quettion. Tou know something of the tradi-
tions and the history of the Ideation of the capital
here. Can you state what was the purpose of the
founders? ,
"Answer. It was designed that it should be the
most beautiful city of the greatestfebntinertij of the
earth; and it ought to have,the assistance of the
whole nation. ,
"Question. You regard it, ana the founders of the
city, regarded it, as a master in which the whole
nation has an interest?
"Answer. Yes, sir; for such a nation as ours. It
looks bnck to the Old W'drld and sees all those great
cities of the past built on the sand; but this city is
built on an elevation. Paris is on a little stream,
the Seine, not much broader than our canal; but
here is the broad Potomac; and all these hills about
theoity are connected With the mountains, so that
here is to be a city right a.t the falls of the Potomac
which has the mountain air. Nea.r my house you
can see the Blue Ridgo in Virginia, and Sugar Loaf
mountain in Maryland. This region is elevated and
healthy, above tide-water. At the District line it is
five hundred feet aboyo the ocean. It will not sink
here like cities covered with the deserts of saud in
the Old World. .
"Question. I want you .to giye us tie traditions
upon that subject fpr the. use of the committee, and
for other persons m Congress who think that the-
national Government h-aa nb obligations ih this
particular. . - , ■ L
"Answer. I think the founders of the city enter-
tained no such opinion. Congress has never acted
upon that idea. Congress ist.he founder of this eity.
and made it what it is. It is tho nation's city, and
its very construction shows that it is made for a
great people."
Mr. Blair is one of the few surviving links
between tho founders of this capital eity and
the present generation, and he is one of the
few in this community of that old school of
men who seem to have retained some of the
early pride of the founders of th&capital. His
views are broad, liberal, and statesmanlike.
I commend them to the House for their wis-
dom and their patriotism. b
Speaking of the Board of Public Works,
Mr. Blair testified-: - '
"I believe the plans generally adopted_by the
eity government the best ever suggested. 3. hey do
honor to the tagie and genius of those who designed
them.".
certificates op assessments void.
The gentleman charges that the certificates
of indebtedness issued for improvements are
void. Why he. should seek to discredit our
securities by expressing the opinion I cannot
say, bat I can assure him that he stands alone
so far as I know in his opinion.
At least two cases have been taken to the
supreme court of this District, and the assess-
ment held to he valid.
A'.leading bank in the city of New York has
contracted to take $'l,000,000-of these certifi-
cates, as fast as they can be delivered. I think,
therefore, the gentleman may dismiss his fears
upon this point.
