1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
been prosecuted to a successful issue within five
years of the date of such filing, shall be admitted
wittiout satisfactory record evidence from the War
or Navy Department, establishing that the cause of
death, or the wound, injury, or disease which caused
the disability, of the person on whoso account the
pension is claimed, originated in the service and
line of duty: Provided, That upon presentation of
parol evidence regarded by the Commissioner of
Pensions as satisfactorily showing that the record
evidence is probably erroneous or insufficient, he
shall submit the same to the War Department, and
upon change of the record, though the term of limi-
tation shall have expired, the claim shall be re-
opened : Provided further. That upon the reception
of evidence of service in any claim hereafter filed
in the Pension Office, the claimant or attorney for
the claim shall be at once notified of every defi-
ciency in said claim ; and in all claims heretofore
filed and now pending the same notification shall be
made.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That no claim for pension not prosecuted to a suc-
cessful issue within five years from the date of filing
the same shall be admitted without record evidence
from the War or Navy Department of the injury or
the disease which resulted in the disability or death
of the person on whose account the claim is made:
Provided, That in any case in which tho limitation
prescribed by this section bars the further prosecu-
tion of the claim, the claimant may present, through
the Pension Office, to the Adjutant General of the
Army or the Surgeon General of the Navy, evidence
that the disease or injury which resulted in the
disability or death of the person on whose account
the claim is made originated in the service and in
the line of duty; and if such evidence ia deemed
satisfactory by the officer to whom it may be sub-
mitted, he shall cause a record of the fact so proved
to be made, and a copy of the same to be trans-
mitted to the Commissioner of Pensions, and the
bar to the prosecution of the claim shall thereby be
removed.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions whether his attention
has been directed to the fact that a bill has
passed the House affecting the question which
i suppose is provided for by this amendment,
in somewhat different terms?
Mr. PRATT. I suggest to my friend from
Pennsylvania that he defer his amendment
until the amendments recommended by the
Committee on Pensions are disposed of, and
then we can take it up.
Mr. SCOTT. A concurrence in this amend-
ment at this time might possibly deprive me
of the opportunity of calling his attention to
it, as I shall be called out in a few moments
to attend to other duties in a committee which
sits during the sessions of the Senate. I beg
pardon, therefore, for calling bis attention to
it at this time. I hold in my hand a bill which
passed the House on the 5th of February, re-
pealing so much of the section of the act of
July 4, 1864, as debarred claimants whose
claims were not prosecuted successfully within
five years by record evidence, and permitting
parol evidence to be supplied within two years
from its passage.
Mr. PRATT. I consent.
Mr. SCOTT. If it be not interfering with
the programme of the committee, I should
desire to offer this amendment at this time.
Mr. PRATT; I should like to hear the
amendment read. I do not know that I un-
derstand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment, which is
a House bill upon this subject.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That so much of section six of the act approved
July 4 1864, entitled "An actsupplementary to anact
entitled 'An act to grant pensions '" as provides
"that no pension claim now on file, unless pros-
ecuted to a successful issue within three years from
the passage of this act, and no claim hereafter filed
not thus prosecuted to a successful j
years from the date of such filing, shall be admitted
without stisfactory record evidence from the War
Department to establish the same, # be, and the
same is hereby, repealed; and any claim for pension
noTon file which is barred by the section hereby
repealed may be granted and allowed within two
years from the passage of this act, upon satisfactory
parol evidence, as in other cases.
Mr. PRATT. I shall have to withdraw any
consent that might be inferred from what I
said to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Senator
from Pennsylvania can move tjris as an
amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not even ask us to vote on
that amendment. From some knowledge of
this subject, I feel safe in saying that for every
single man whom it hotiestly benefits, it will
put into the hands of fraudulent claimants,
not soldiers, but people who get up false
claims, a thousand dollars. I have no doubt
that it would plunder the Treasury—and I use
the word "plunder" advisedly—by more than
a million dollars. If there is once in a while a
case of real hardship not provided for through
some accident, then Congress is the body to
apply to to give special relief. It would break
down all our guarantees and securities against
frauds if you adopt that amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Vermont
will pardon me for calling the attention of the
chairman of the committee, who I know de-
sires to guard the interests of the Government
as well as to take proper care of pensioners,
to this matter at this time. I would not at all
interfere with the amendments of the commit-
tee were it not for the reasons I have stated ;
and I do so because my attention has been
called to the class of hardships resulting from
this rule, and it is this; many persona have
filed their claims just about the time when the
five years' limit for others was expiring, and
they have five years yet within which to pros-
ecute their claims, whereas those who were
diligent and commenced the prosecution of
their claims four or five years ago are now
debarred in consequence very frequently of a
mistake in the Department or of an officer of
the Government; so that those who were dil-
igent are debarred now while those who have
been laggard and deferred the prosecution ot
their claims until the end of the five years
have the advantage. It is to remedy this evil
that my attention has been called to this sub
ject and I have been requested to offer this
amendment. If it is out of order' at this time,
of course I can throw myself only on the in-
dulgence of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not out of order.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; then I offer it as
an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PRATT. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted at this time. We have but a
brief time during the moring hour to consider
this bill. The amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania proposes a very important
innovation, and I wish to have it considered
in committee before any decision is made upon
the proposition. It is going to open the door
to a very large number of claims which are
now barred. I do not know from the hasty
reading at the desk of the proposed amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania the
entire scope of it. If the Senator presses his
amendment at this time, I hope the Senate
will vote it down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Pensions was to strike out the following sec-
tions of the bill:
Sec. 23. That if any person entitled to an invalid
pension has died since the 4th day of March. 18bl,
or shall hereafter die during the pendency of his
application for the same, his widow, children or
dependent relatives, whether they shall be entitled
in their own right or not, to pension on account ot
the death of such person, shall be en titled to r v o
tho accrued pension to the date ol his death, in tho
order of precedences whichsuch persons arocntitled
to pension under this act. Said pension shall com-
mence from tho discharge of such person, if lusUaim
was filed within five years of the time the ruht
accrued; otherwise, from the date of filing the i.i.-t
essential evidence in the case: 1 rovided, 1 bat in no
case shall the rate of the accrued pennon exceed
that for total disability as provided in section two
of this act.
Sko. 24. That if any person entitled to a pension
has died since tho 4th day of March, 1861, and prior
to the 27th day of July, 186S, while an application
for such pension was pending, leaving no widow,
child, or dependent relatives entitled to the accrued
pension, his or her heirs shall be entitled to the
accrued pension to the death of such person : Pro-
vided, That if the claim of &n invalid for pension
was filed more than a year after his discbarge, but
within three years from said date, the pension
allowed under this section shall commence from the
date of filing the application; and in all cases in
which a claim for pension was filed more than three
years after the discharge or death of the person on
whose account the claim was made, the pension
allowed under this section shall commence from the
date of filing the last essential evidence in the case :
Provided further. That in no case shall the'rate of
the accrued pension exceed that for "total dis-
ability" as provided in section two of this act.
Skc. 25. That if any person entitled to a pension
has died since the 27th day of July, 1868, or shall
hereafter die durihg the pendency of an application
for such pension, leaving no widow, child, or de-
pendent relative entitled to the accrued pension, his
or her heirs shall bo entitled to the accrued pension
to which the applicant would have been entitled on
a certificate issued under the limitation prescribed
by the thirteenth section of this act: Provided, That
in no case shall the rate of the accrucd pension ex-
ceed that for " total disability" as provided in sec-
tion two of this act.
Skc. 26. That if any person entitled to a pension
has died sincc tho 4th day of March, 1861, or shall
hereafter die while an application for such pension
is pending, leaving no heirs, so much of theaccruod
pension as heirs would have been entitled to un-
der either of the two preceding sections, as may bo
necessary to pay tho expenses of tho last illness and
burial of such person, shall bo paid to his or her legtd
representatives, or to ihe person who has borne such
exponses: Provided, That such person did not leave
assets sufficient to meet such expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion twenty-seven in the following words :
That if any pensioner of the war of the robellion
has died, or shall horoaftor die, of tho amount of
pension due such peusioner at the date of Ins or
her death, so much as shall be necessary to reim-
burse the person who shall have incurred the ex-
penses of the last illness and burial shall bo paid to
such person, and tho rotnainder, if any, shall be
paid to tho person who would have been entitled to
the accrued pension had a claim for such pension
been pending at the date of his or her death.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 25. That if any pensioner, or any person entitled
to a pension, who during tho pendencyof his applica-
tion therefor has died since March 4, lb61, or shall
hereafter die, his widow, or if no widow, his child or
children, under sixteen years of age at the time of his
death, shall be entitled to receivo the accrued pension
to the date of death, such accrued pension shall not
bo considered as a part of tho assets of the estate of
deceased, nor liable to bo applied to tho payment
of the debts of said ©state in any case whatever,
but shall inure to the sole and exclusive benefit of
the widow or children; and if no widow or child
survive, no payment whatsoever of the accrued
pension shall be made or allowed, except so much
as may bo necessary to roimburso the person who
bore the expenses of the last sickness and burial ot
the decedent, in cases where he did not leavo suf-
ficient assets to meet such expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [twenty-
eight] twenty-six, liue eight, to strike out the
words "relative or legal representative" and
insert "widow or minor children;" so as to
make the section read :
Sec. 128] 28. That the failuro of any pensioner to
claim his or her pension for three years after tho
same shall have become due shall bo deemed pre-
sumptivc evidence that such pension has legally
terminated by reason of the pensioner s death,
remarriage, recovery from the disability, or other-
wise, and the pensioner's name shall be stricken
from the list of pensioners, subject to the right ot
restoration to the same on a new application by the
pensioner or, if the pensioner is dead, by the widow
or minor children entitled to receive the accrucd
nension, accompanied by evidence satisfactorily
accounting for tho failure to claim such pension, and
by medical evidence in cases of invalids who were
not exempt from biennial examinations as to the
continuance of the disability.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion thirty, in the following words;
Sec. 30. That in all cases where reasonable doubts
arise respecting the right of any claimant to a pen-
sion from statements of any kind, under oath or
othcrwis-e, it shall be the duty of the Commissioner
of Pensions to immediately, by letter, notify the
Lid claimant, his agent or attorney, of the name
or names of the person or persons furnishing the in
formation upon which such doubts are founded, and
also of the facts alleged against the said claimant.
The amendment was agtved to.
