1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
if the resolution should lead to much debate
we could go back to the appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to informally
laying aside anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
The motion was not agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3622) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act granting the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad from Great Salt Lake to Port-
land, Oregon," approved April 12, 1872;
A bill (H. R. No. 3949) to provide for the
apportionment of the Territory of Wyoming for
legislative purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3950) to prescribe the
duties of the chief of the Bfireau of Statistics.
The message also, in compliance with the
request of the Senate, returned the bill (H. R.
No. 2704) for the relief of S. P. Jocelyn.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E Babcouk, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the following acts :
An act (S. No. 171) for the relief of Pay-
master George F. Cutler;
An act (S. No. 610) for the relief of Lizzie
Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois ;
An act (S. No. 884) for the relief of the
sureties of Frederick Boehmler, of the State
of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 1206) for the erection of a
public building for the use of the United States
in Covington, Kentucky;
An act (S. No. 198) for the relief of Warren
& Moore ;
An act (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim
of John B. Chapman ;
An act (S. No. 868) for the relief of J. & C.
M. Dailey;
An act (S. No. 940) for the relief of Wil-
liam Webster, of Maine ;
An act (S. No. 1090) for the relief of Wil-
liam L. Utley;
An act (S. No. 1142) for tlie relief of S. E.
Ward; and
An act (S. No. 549) for the relief of R. H.
Pratt.
naval appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3351) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1874, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Cragin, to insert on
page 12, after line two hundred and sixty-four,
the following:
For the construction of gas works and piping at
the Norfolk navy-yard.Portsmouth, Vlrgmia, $10,000.
Mr. CRAGIN. I stated yesterday that this
amendment was recommended by the Navy
Department, both by the Secretary and the
head of the bureau. I have ascertained this
morning that there are gas pipes now in the
Norfolk navy-jard and gas is supplied from
the city of Norfolk, but of rather a poor quality
oftentimes and very expensive. The propo-
sition is to put a little gas arrangement in the
yard which will ultimately be economy to the
Government. As the same thing has been
done in other yards, there can certainly be no
objection to this. , , ,
Mr. COLE. The objection to tins amend-
ment is that it has not been, submitted to the
Committee on Appropriations and they have
not had time to examine it. It is stated to
me that the Government is now paying tor gas
quite a considerable sum every year, and the
argument is that it will not be an absolute
expenditure of so much to establish these gas
works; but I think we had better postpone it
for another year, as I stated yesterday, until
we can have an examination as to the cost of
the work and the necessity for it and the
amount that the Government is now paying
for the lighting of the yard.
Mr. LEWIS. I understand that there has
been an examination by competent persons to
judge of that and that it will not cost over
$10,000 to do it. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have reported it, and I hope it will
pass at this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on
agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 2; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, result-
ed—yeas 37, nays 10 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cam-
eron. Cassorly, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper,
Cragin. Davis, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan, (ioldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
Maehen, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Pouie-
roy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, .Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Vickers, and
Wilson—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Colo, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Rice, Scott,
Sherman, and Sprague—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Caldwell. Carpenter. Corbett, Fon-
ton, Hill, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Norwood, Osborn, Sawyer, Speneer, Stewart, Sum-
ner. Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Windom,
and Wright—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the twelfth
line on page 1:
Including traveling expenses of clerks who may
be detailed by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to investigate the accounts of naval disbursing
officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 25, at the end of
line five hundred and eighty-four :
Hereafter the course of instruction for cadet en-
gineers shall include two years of service in a naval
sea steamer, in addition to the period at the Naval
Academy now provided by law: Proytactl, lhat en-
gineer officers graduated at the Naval Academy
shall take precedence with all other officers with
whom they have relative rank, according to the
actual length of service in the Navy. Chief engineers
having the same rank as medical and pay directors
and inspectors shall, when at sea, have the same
pay. Naval officers subject to examination before
promotion to a grado limited in number by law
shall not be entitled to examination in such a sense
as to give increase of pay until designated to the
Secretary of the Navy to fill vacancies m the higher
grade; and officers eligible for promotion to a grade
not limited in number shall not be entitled to ex-
amination until ordered to present themselves tor
examination or until a class m which they are in-
cluded has been so ordered by the Secretary of the
Navy.
I offer this amendment to come in imme-
diately after the provision in the bill which
provides that the terms of the cadet midship-
men at Annapolis shall be six years, which has
been adopted, and which I think is right and
proper. The first part of this amendment that
I offer is to make the cadet engineers conform
to this. As the ease now stands, the engineers,
paymasters, and surgeons have six ^ years
counted for them beyond their actual time m
service. This should not be in the case of
engineers who graduate at the Academy. Ihis
amendment provides for that.
The last part of the amendment was handed
to me by the Second Comptroller of the Trea-
sury, and the design is to save considerable
expense to the Government by providing that
officers who are promoted shall not draw then-
pay until they are specially designated by the
Secretary to fill vacancies; that where the
number in a particular grade is not fixed by
law the promotion shall not take effect until
the class to which they belong is ordered for
examination. The pro.ctic6 is nowj as I undor*
stand, if an officer is entitled to promotion,
and some time elapses before he actually re-
ceives the promotion, his commission dates
back, and he draws pay from the date of hia
commission. This", as explained to me by the
Comptroller, is quite an important amend-
ment. The whole of it, I think, is entirely
right, and it is recommended by the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have some other amend-
ments, but I yield to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, as he wishes to leave the Chamber.
Mr. SCOTT. I was absent from the Senate
when the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations were concurred in, and I wish
to call attention to the amendment in lines two
hundred and eighty-one and two hundred and
eighty-two, for the purpose of reconsidering
the vote by which that amendment was agreed
to, and then moving an amendment to which
I think there will be no objection. By refer-
ring to the House bill I discover that the sum
there, $5,800, was appropriated for three offi-
cers or clerks: for draughtsman and clerk to
civil engineer, at $1,400 each; clerk of pay-
rolls and mustering clerk, $1,500; receiver and
inspector of stores, $1,500. The receiver and
inspector of stores whs struck out in the House,
but in printing the bill the salary of the whole
three officers was left in, making $5,800, when
it should only have been $4,300. The com-
mittee of the Senate, misled by this probably,
struck out the clause "clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, $1,500." I desire that that
amendment should not be agreed to, and I
have before me information from the officer
in charge of the work at Philadelphia, saying
that the clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk
is absolutely essential; that there are a large
number of men in employment there, and will
continue to be in employment, aud their em-
ployment renders the service of this clerk
essential. He is there now. It is not creat-
ing a new office. I therefore move to recon-
sider that amendment, for the purpose of not
agreeing to theameudment, and then changing
the sum, which originally stood in the bill at
$5,800, to $4,300.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferbt,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions striking out the words in lines two hun-
dred and eighty-one and two hundred and
eighty two, " clerk of pay-rolls and mustering
clerk, $1,500," was agreed to.
rI1he motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Thequestion
now recurs on agreeing to the amendment of
the committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the Senate not to con-
cur in that amendment, and then I propose to
amend the clause by inserting $4,300 instead
of $2,800, as it is now, and instead of $5,800,
as it stood before the committee struck it out.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand the Senator
from Pennsylvania that " clerk of pay-rolls
and mustering clcrk" means one officer, or
two ?
Mr. SCOTT. One officer. It reads, " clerk
of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, $1,500." If
attention had been paid to it, the error would
have been discovered, because the sums are
$1,400 and $1,500, so that the two sums could
not have made the $5,800 that stood in the
bill.
Mr. COLE. That would make $2,900.
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir, $4,300. It adds
$1,500 to the $2,800 which the committee
reported.
Mr. COLE. That will be merely matter of
computation, after we have acted on the main
question as to whether the amendment pro-
posed by the committee shall be agreed to,
to wit,, that the clerk of pay-rolls shall be
stricken out.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish the Senate to under-
stand the question. I propose to disagree
