50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Maclntyre.
42d Cong....3d Ses§=
capitation or other direct tax shall be laid
unless in proportion to the census.
Now, it is clear that all direct taxes must be
laid under this rule of apportionment so that
all the States shall bear the burdens of taxa-
tion by the Federal Government in proportion
to its numbers, or rather its population, and
if it is impossible to lay a direct tax in this
way, then it would be unconstitutional to lay
it, in any other way and should not be laid at
all. Was this cotton tax a direct tax 1 I will
sidmit that the decisions of the courts, founded
perhaps upon the views of contemporaneous
writers as well as the Constitution, leaves it a
doubtful question. I will admit that it has
been decided that a tax upon a carriage was
not a direct tax. I will also admit that it has
been decided, or strongly intimated by the
courts, that an income tax was not a direct tax,
while it has been decided that a tax on land
was a direct tax.
If the question was an original one and the
Constitution was my only guide, I would be in-
clined to say that a direct tax was one where
it. was so laid as that the payment had to be
made immediately and directly to the Govern-
ment through its officials, as in the case of a
capitation tax, the only case of a direct tax
given by the Constituion ; and that an indirect
tax was one where it was so laid as that the
payment had to be made not immediately and
directly, but mediately and indirectly through
a third party to the Government through its
officials. A tax imposed by laying a duty on
iron furnishes an illustration; here the im-
porter pays the duty on the iron when it is
brought into the country at the port of delivery,
and when he sells it he adds the duty to the
prime cost with his profits, and the consumer
who buys the iron, in paying the prime cost,
duty, and profits, pays the duty to the importer,
and thereby through a third party (the im-
porter) pays the tax to the Government.
I will not undertake to say that it would be
practicable to lay a tax under these definitions
of direct and indirect taxation in the manner
prescribed by the Constitution, nor do I under-
take to say the cotton tax was or was not a
direct tax; but I do undertake to say that
neither of these bills apportioned the tax, and
further to say that if the cotton tax was a
direct tax, it was clearly unconstitutional.
And I further undertake to say that these two
clauses clearly show and demonstrate that it
was the object and intention of the framers
of the Constitution to equalize taxation, to so
proportion it as that it would not fall more
heavily upon one State than another, nor more
heavily upon one citizen than another.
This brings me to the consideration of the
next clause of the Constitution in relation to
the taxing power, which is article one, section
eight, namely:
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the uebts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States: but all duties,
posts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the
United States."
It will be observed that the power delegated
covers taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
while the restriction of the power to the rule
of uniformity covers only the three latter:
duties, imposts, and excises ; and this may ac-
count for the difficulty of ascertaining what is a
direct and what an indirect tax. But one thing
is certain : all duties, imposts, and excises
must be uniform. Duties and imposts mean
very nearly if not the same thing, and are
such taxes as are imposed by the Govern-
ment on all goods imported or brought from
foreign countries into this country. Our tariff
system is an illustration, and doubtless is
understood by every member of this House.
The word excise was probably borrowed from
the English Government, where it means an
inland tax laid on either income or property.
And I take it that the framers of the Consti-
tution so understood its meaning when they
used it. I so understand it; The cotton tax
evidently was neither an impost nor a duty as
now construed ; but was an excise, an inland
tax imposed by Congress, not on income ex-
actly, but on property the product of the soil,
from which income was derived. Tax is a
general term and covers all the other three
modes of taxation mentioned, duties, imposts,
and excises. This excise laid on cotton should
have been laid in the manner prescribed by
this section—uniformly, as provided in the
latter clause of the section, so as to operate
uniformly throughout the United States.
The mere declaration in the law that the
excise is laid on cotton in the United States
does not come up to the letter or spirit of the
Constitution. The declaration of uniformity
does not make it so ; the requirement is that it
shall be uniform, that is, shall so operate. That
the act contains the words of uniformity I will
not deny, but they are empty and are worth
nothing unless Congress shall so frame the law
as to make the law in its operation verily the
words. What does the word uniform mean?
Lexicographers say it means literally one form,
and really that it means alike, the same. If it
means alike, and such is the common accept-
ation of the term as understood by the people
generally, an excise must, to be "uniform
throughout the United States," operate on all
the States alike and on all the people of the
States of the United States alike. It must
not only do this, but it must be alike on the
same article; and if this cotton tax is an excise,
as I think it is, so it should have been laid.
In construing the word " uniform," we
should look to the intention of those who used
it, and, if possible, ascertain what was their
purpose in using it at the time. We have no
means at hand so reliable as the Constitution
itself. Looked at, then, through the light of
the Constitution, we see that the Convention
when it had the power of taxation under con-
sideration, in a former section to which I have
called your attention before, disposing of the
subject of direct taxes, required that they
should not be laid unless in proportion to
the census, apportioned in the same way that
representation is apportioned, dividing the tax
among the States, making all the States bear a
pro rata portion of the taxes, so as to equalize
as much as possible the burdens of Govern-
ment. There can be no doubt of t.he intention
of the framers of the Constitution, so far as
this section is concerned, that all the States
had to bear a portion of this burden. Then
if this idea was perfect upon the minds ol the
framers of the Constitution when this section
now being considered was adopted, when they
said that "all duties, imposts, and excises
should be uniform throughout the United
States," how can we doubt for a moment that
they intended that the excise if laid should
operate not only by a declaration in the stat-
ute throughout the United States, but should
operate on all the States or people of the
States of the United States, and that all the
people should bear a portion of this load ?
Could it be uniform, could it bear alike upon
the States without making all the States
shoulder a part of the tax? Now, was the
burden of this tax uniform upon the people of
the United States by States or otherwise?
Certainly not.
Bvery member of this House knows, and
every intelligent citizen of the United States
must know, that cotton is produced only in
eleven out of the thirty-seven States of this
Union; that by the laws of climate cotton can
be produced only in eleven States, and cannot
be produced in the other twenty-six States.
The history of the commerce of the country
proclaimed it and made it known, not only
in this but in every other civilized country.
Gentlemen in Congress at the time of the pass-
age of these laws cannot plead ignorance of
this law of climate if they would. The reports
of the census, the reports of the Agricultural
Bureau and other records in the Departments
show that cotton is not produced in but these
eleven States of the Union. Then, if this tax
operated upon and was paid only by the citizens
of eleven instead of thirty-seven States, it was
not uniform as contemplated, and therefore
the laws imposingthe tax was unconstitutional
and void.
The sections which have been considered
were delegated and directory powers. I now
come to consider the last clause iu the Consti-
tution relative to the powers of taxation by
Congress, and this is a prohibitory clause. It
is, " no tax or duty shall be laid on articles
exported from any State." It is clear that it
was never intended to delegate to Congress
any power to lay a tax or duty on exports
from any Stat e. The words " exports from any
State" should have their literal meaning ; that
is, if an article is carried from one State to
another it is an export so far as that article
is concerned. I may differ from others who
perhaps are better able to settle the question
than myself, but i do not believe it was ever
intended that Congress should have the power
to tax or lay a duty on any article exported
from one State to another, or in any way
to interfere with interstate commerce. That
Congress has power to levy a duty or lay a
tax on goods exported to a foreign country
from any State, I believe has never been
asserted or believed by anybody. It is idle
to argue such a question, when the prohibition
to lay a tax or duty on articles exported from
any State is so clearly expressed. Then this
tax, so far as it was laid on cotton afterward
exported, was in direct violation of this pro-
vision of the Constitution and to that extent
was void.
We now see that under the Constitution we
have two rules, and one prohibition, in rela-
tion to the laying of taxes by Congress, the
apportionment rule, applied to capitation and
other direct taxes, and the uniformity rule as
applied to indirect, or taxes other than direct
taxes, restrained, both of them, by the whole-
some provision that no tax or duty shall be
laid on exports from any State. And this is
the whole it. But it is maintained by some,
and with great earnestness, that this cotton tax
is constitutional iu part and unconstitutional
in the other part; that it was unconstitutional
so far as it was laid on cotton exported to for-
eign parts, and constitutional as to all other
cotton on which it was laid. Is this position
tenable ? 1 think not. And why not? I reply
that if the uniformity rule presented in article
one, section eight, the position that the laws
are constitutional as to the cotton manufac-
tures in this country and not exported, and
unconstitutional as to the cotton exported to
foreign parts, must fall to the ground; for this
amounts to an assertion that Congress can tax
one part of the cotton and not tax the other,
which causes the conflict with this section eight
of article one.
The taxing of one part of the cotton, and not
taxing the other, would destroy the uniformity
required by this section. Can any man in
reason say that to tax one bale of cotton and
exempt another would make the tax uniform
on that cotton? To constitute uniformity the
tax should be the same per pound upon every
pound of cotton; and if the Constitution forbids
you to tax a part of the cotton because it is an
export, the Constitution forbids your taxing the
