388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
off from pay, although he may come here with
the great seal of his State. I think that is the
meaning of the proviso. It ought to be stricken
out, even though we do pay this money to the
new members before they take possession of
their seats.
Now, not being a member of the new House,
I am able to look at this matter, perhaps, in a
disinterested way. [Laughter.] If the ques-
tion should come to a vote between the mem-
bers on both sides, the members-elect to the
next House would vote on one side and the
members not elected to the next House might
have a fair judgment, or rather a fair chance
to make a just judgment. [Laughter.] I do
not think we should discriminate in favor of a
new Congress. We never did in favor of an
old Congress, except those which met on the
4th of March. I remember there was a great
luxury in coming here on the first Monday in
December and finding a large sum to our
credit. But if you allow a member to draw
pay every month, you will allow him to spend
his money. [Laughter.] He will be liable to
be tempted all through the summer, and like-
wise through the winter, even where they have
a large amount to their credit.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does the gentleman
speak from hisown experience? [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Now, this matter is serious in
another regard. It is setting a precedent for
the future, a precedent which ought not to be
followed by the House, for it gives power to
the Clerk of the House to determine, so far as
pay is concerned, who are members and who
are not members of this House. Suppose
when a member-elect who has the certificate
dies, and members sometimes die 
A Member. Not very often. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Of course not very often, but
members do die. Suppose a member-elect
should die. The gentleman from California
says his widow will get it. But suppose he
has no widow, suppose he is an unmarried
man and has no widow, how will you look up
a woman to give the money to? [Laughter.]
Will you give it to the heir? Now, there has
been no such custom of paying out money to
the heirs of men who may never get here to
take their seats.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will permit me, I will state there was a
case where a member died before the assem-
bling of Congress whose heir was paid. He
was an unmarried man, and died before the
meeting of Congress, but the pay due him was
paid to his legal representatives.
Mr. COX. Perhaps he was a Republican
and a good man, and that is an exceptional
case. I never heard of it before.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He never oc-
cupied his seat in this House. He died between
the 4th of March and the meeting of Con-
gress. He was a member from New Orleans.
Mr. COX. Did the gentleman vote for that
sort of business?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Everybody
voted for it. It was voted unanimously that
his legal representatives should be paid for
the month between the 4th of March and his
death. It was the case of James McCleary,
of Louisiana.
Mr. COX. That is one case, and it is an
exceptional one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no.
Mr. COX. This never has been so hereto-
fore, and it is setting a precedent which ought
not to be followed, and I hope the proviso to
the amendment will be stricken out. [Laugh-
ter.] Members of Congress, I think, gener-
ally speaking, have wives, and they leave
widows when they die. [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. I certainly, Mr. Chair-
man, cannot have any interest whatever in the
decision of this question, and if in that re-
spect more fortunate than some who have
claimed that exemption, at any rate I am
as much entitled to the exemption of having
110 personal interest in the decision of this
question. It seems to me that it rises no
higher than the question of the convenience of
the members of the next and succeeding Con-
gresses ; and if that convenience has not been
attended to heretofore it is no reason why it
should not be hereafter, if the reasons other-
wise are sound.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] says that there is a provision of the
Constitution prohibiting this legislation. The
clause which the gentleman cites provides
that:
" The Senators and Representatives shall receivo
a compensation for their serviees, to be ascertained
by law, and paid out of the Treasury of the United
States."
Why, sir, that provision was put in the
Constitution in order to inaugurate a differ-
ent principle from what obtained in England,
where members of Parliament were not paid
by the English Government for their services.
It was believed that a more independent
legislative body would be secured where a
proper and ample amount was provided by
the Government to compensate members of
Congress for their services, so that they might
at any rate be above the temptation to which
men of poor circumstances might be liable, of
taking money to pay their ordinary expenses.
Mr. HOAR. May not the object of the
provision have been that the compensation
should be paid, not by the States, but by the
General Government ?
Mr. SARGENT. The clause provides that
the amount to be paid shall be ascertained by
law, and paid out of the national Treasury,
and that is all the meaning which can be given
to it. The question never has been decided by
Congress, whether a man serving after the 4th
of- March in any civil or military office of the
United States was entitled to be sworn in as
a member of Congress. If my recollection is
correct, that question never has been raised.
The only question which has ever been raised,
is whether a man so serving should draw his
pay while he occupied that position as a mem-
ber of Congress, and it has been held that he
should not. And in one case where a man
had received the pay inadvertently he was
required to refund it. If the question ever
had been raised it could only have been decided
that men occupying that position were not
eligible to be sworn in as members of the
Congress of the United States. The provision
is plain that—
"No person holding any office under the United
States shall be a member of either House during his
continuance in office."
There is no doubt that the term of a mem-
ber of Congress commences on the 4th day of
March; and if after that time he sees fit to
hold an inconsistent office and draw emolu-
ments therefor he must vacate his office as a
member of Congress; and if the question were
raised no doubt the judgment of the House
would be that he was not entitled to be
sworn in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a single word ?
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman can reply
to me after I have finished. My time is nearly
expired, and I wish to make one other point.
What makes a member of Congress ? It is
not the Clerk's certificate or his being sworn
in. He might never have the Clerk's certifi-
cate or be sworn in, and yet be a member of
Congress. What makes him a member of Con-
gress is his election by the people of his dis-
trict, and the unimpeachable evidence of that,
provided he has been properly elected, is the
certificate issued by his own State, which is
brought here and read at the Clerk's desk.
That is what makes a man a member of Con-
gress and entitles him to his pay. And even
if he never performs any of the duties of a
member of Congress, he is a member still.
And upon that theory when a person who has
been elected as a member of Congress dies
before he is sworn in, we have paid to his
widow, or to his heirs when they are entitled
to it, as his widow would be, the money he
would have received while alive. And a mem-
ber when sworn in in December, though he
may be a member from a State which does not
hold its election until some time after the 4tli
of March, receives his pay from the commence-
ment of his term, because he has been elected
for the full term of Congress, and is entitled to
his pay for the whole time. He is deprived
by the Constitution of the right of holding any
other office from the 4th of March. That
make3 him a member of Congress from the 4th
of March. There is no adverse constitutional
provision in this matter. It is a simple ques-
tion of convenience, whether members of the
House shall have the same privilege as mem-
bers of the Senate now have.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One argument used
by gentlemen who have taken part in this de
bate is that we have given to members the
franking privilege from the 4th of March. I
answer this by saying that we give them that
privilege six months after their terms expire.
By the same token, then, if that determines that
a man is a member of Congress, then it de-
termines that he continues to be a member of
Congress for six months after his term has
expired. That amounts to nothing. It is
simply a provision in anticipation of business
involving correspondence which a member of
Congress may be called upon to do.
Now, it has been held repeatedly by the
House of Representatives that the holding of
another Federal office between the 4th of
March and the first Monday in December,
when Congress does not convene until Decem-
ber, does not-constitute an abandonment or
the office of member of Congress. When
General Schenck came here in December,
1863, and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] and General Blair, of Missouri,
the case came up and the House so held then.
General Blair, of Missouri, supposed that he
could hold the two offices. He preferred to go
back to the Army, and after being here for
a short time he returned to the Army; but we
held that he was no longer a member of Con-
gress, and seated another man in his place.
General Blair took his commission and went
back to the Army, and gentlemen will remem-
ber that there was a good deal of criticism of
President Lincoln at that time because he
allowed him to hold his commission in thu
Army after he had once taken his seat hero
in the House.
It is said, in answer to the objections to this
amendment, that we pay persons upon the
certificate from their States and that we pay
the estates of dead men who were elected but,
never took their seats. It may be true that
we have the power to do it. Why ? The
Constitution says that each House shall be
the judge of the election as well as the qualifi-
cations of its members. When the House
assembles and is organized it determines who
are elected, and then the men who are elected
are paid, but you propose by this amendment
to make the Clerk the judge of the election
of members of Congress. Do you not?
Mr. SARGENT. Not any more than he
is now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes you do. The
law now authorizes the Clerk of the House to
put upon his roll the names of men who pre-
sent certain certificates, but when that roll is
called, if I rise in my seat and challenge the
right of one of those men to be sworn, he is
directed to stand aside by the Speaker until
that challenge is determined, and then he is
sent, with his credentials and my objection,
to the Committee of Elections for them to
determine prima facie whether he is entitled
to the seat or not.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] says
that that is very rarely the case. The very
rareness of the case proves the fact that there
may be such a case, is an unanswerable argu-
ment against his proposition. The very fact
that it is possible that you may wrongfully and
