1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
within three miles of each other and we have
been doing it for several years. I should
like to know as a representative of the peo-
ple, and the jpeople I presume would also
like to know, when we are to be free of one
of these institutions ? The Senator says the
time is coming, but it does not seem to come
very fast,
Mr. CAMERON. I suppose we shall get
done with spending money at Philadelphia
about the same time we cease to spend money
for the Government at California. In addition
to that, I will give the Senator the informa-
tion that as the persons in charge of the new
navy-yard get the funds to put it in proper
condition, so rapidly will they get it in con-
dition to absorb the old navy-yard at Phil-
adelphia. You cannot do without the navy-
yard at Philadelphia now, because you must
have it as a place of repair, and you cannot
use League Island because it is not yet in a
condition to be used as a navy-yard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania has forgotten, I suppose, that this bill
proposes to leave at the navy-yard at Phila-
delphia one writer to the paymaster and one
writer to the inspector of provisions and cloth-
ing, .and a ''writer" is a clerk. The pay-
master disburses the money expended for the
Navy Department and we provide a clerk for
him; and unless the paymaster is to devote
himself entirely to some other duties or to
some private engagements, if he and a clerk
together cannot keep the account of expendi-
tures, the mere pay accounts of one navy-yard,
then I should be very sorry indeed. The real
fact is that the whole of these excrescences, as
they may justly be called, for this service of
doubling up people, a clerk to a clerk, and a
writer to a writer, and a paymaster to a pay-
master, for aught I know, running through this
service, ought to be got rid of in the interest
of the public unless these people have a title
like a title to real estate or to their own houses,
so that we are infringing upon vested rights in
undertaking to diminish this duplication of
apparent duties in the public service.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will simply state that I
am not opposing this amendment; but I want
to protest against League Island being put on
an equality with the other navy yards so far
as its clerks are concerned. At the last ses-
sion 1 think Congress appropriated $200,000
to be expended on League Island, and I pre-
sume that mason-work is being done there
now, filling up, &c.; but in no proper sense is
it a navy yard at present. There may be a
necessity for a time clerk to keep tbe time and
pay-roll of the workmen there. I am inclined
to think there is.
Mr. SCOTT. That is what this is.
Mr. CRAGIN. But to say that if this
officer is left out at this place he should be
left out in all tbe navy-yards proper, is to say
what is not right. This clerk is one of the
most important officers of the yards anywhere.
He keeps the time of the men ; he keeps the
pay account. He does not pay the money,
but he keeps the accounts and sees that they
are correct.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It was the intention of
Committee on Appropriations to make the
amendment uniform in accordance with what
seemed to be the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives ; but the reduction is confined
entirely to the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
i he clerical force of all the other bureaus at
the respective navy-yards remains the same.
I here are three clerks attached to the several
navy-yards connected with the Bureau of
Equipment a<nd Recruiting. The Bureau of
Yards and Docks is the one it is proposed to
reduce. The Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
gery have their complement. The Bureau of
Provisions and Clothing have two or three
clerks at the navy-yards ; the Bureau Of Con-
struction and Repair has three or four clerks,
and the Bttreau of Steam Engineering has
three or four clerks at the navy yards.
There are, then, some ten or twelve clerks
attached to the different bureaus at the sev-
eral navy-yards. Anybody can see that one
half of that number would be all that would
be required, and that these clerks necessarily
must be in one another's way ; a system de-
structive to them as clerks and as citizens, fur
where a man is located in an office with noth-
ing to do in that office, it is injurious to him
and to the service. The House of Represent-
atives have attempted to make a reduction of
the expenses in only one of the eight bureaus.
This effort I trust on the part of the House
as extended by the Committee on Appropria-
tions will prevail.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment which
I offered to strike out the clerk of accounts
and bills is, as my colleague remarked, not
applicable to this bill. It was applicable, and
could only have been applicable, to the bill
as originally reported in the House from the
Committee on Appropriations there. But I
propose now to offer an amendment, the object
of which is to strike out from this bill wherever
it occurs " the clerk of pay-rolls and muster-
ing clerk," or time clerk. The reasons for
striking out the clerk of pay-rolls and muster-
ing clerk at League Island are so excellent in
themselves that I think they must have satis-
fied a great many Senators, as they have satis-
tied me, that this office everywhere is a mere
sinecure, and that the naval officer at the
station can just as well as not discharge the
duties. I move, therefore, as an amendment
to the pending amendment, to strike out the
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk, and
also the time clerk, wherever those words
occur in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferky,
of Michigan.) That amendment is not now
in order. The question ia on striking out the
words within brackets in lines two hundred
and eighty-one and two hundred and eighty-
two. The Senator will accomplish his pur-
pose either by reconsidering the votes that
have been agreed to or by non-concurring
when the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate. The amendment of the Senator from
California is not now in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Chair
whether my amendment will not be in order
as to so much of the bill as follows after the
amendment that we are now discussing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Some
amendments have been agreed to; and after
amendments have been agreed to it is not in
order to move to strike them out, but the vote
by which they were agreed to can be recon-
sidered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I ask leave to re-
serve all the amendments on that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The res-
ervation will be noted when the bill comes into
the Senate. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations in
lines two hundred and eighty-one and two
hundred and eighty-two.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames,Blair, Buckingham, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Cole, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Rice,
Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer, Snrague. and Train -
bull—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cooper,
Davis, Flanagan, Frelingbuysen, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Hill, Morton, Nye, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart,
and Vickers—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman,
Crown low. Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Conkling,
Corbett, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine. Noiwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Itamsey, Kansom, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip-
ton, West, Wilson, Windorn, and Wright—3G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. The reasons advanced by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
having prevailed, in order to make the bill
uniform I now move to strike out the words
" for clerk of pay-rolls and ifiustering clerk"
wherever they occur under the head of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, and also the
sums given to them for compensation.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the Sen-
ator designate the points.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Let the amendment be
reported at the desk.
Mr. COLE. It may occur in different
bureaus. I think it does. I am not certain
about that, however.
Mr. SCOTT. I have confined it to the
Bureau of Yards and Docks.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand the Sen-
ator to confine it to any particular bureau.
Mr. SCOTT. It requires considerable de-
tail to'change the aggregatesums in each case;
but I give notice of that amendment when we
get into the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand that the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
is withdrawn ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is with-
drawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following
amendment to come in at the end of the bill,
to which I believe there is no objection what-
ever:
That the Supreme Court may, if in its judgment
the purposes_ of justice require it, allow any amend-
ment either in form or substance of any appeal in
prize cases, or allow a fresh appeal therein if it
appears that any notice of appeal or of intention to
appeal was filed with the clerk of the district court
within thirty days next after the rendition of the
final decree therein.
I will just explain that we have already
added a provision about prizes to this bill which
may or may not be right; and this is merely
to provide in accordance with the act of 1864,
which limits appeals to thirty days, against
slips of justice for want of form, so that the
Supreme Court may do actual justice on the
appeal without regard to matters of form.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is one portion of
that amendment which seems to me doubtful,
and that is the last sentence, which I did not
distinctly hear, having been spoken to by a
Senator at the moment when it was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The last sentence is as
to the time within which notice or some paper
must be filed in theclerk's office of an intention
to appeal, and that is fixed upon the existing
statute which requires the appeal to be taken
from the district court within thirty days ; and
so in order not to change the jurisdiction part
of the law, but merely to authorize the Supreme
Court to correct irregularities, I framed it in
that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand, then, that
where the notice is filed in time the Supreme
Court acquires under this amendment power to
provide for errors or omissions, for the better
furtherance of justice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it exactly.
Mr. STEWART. The bill passed at the
last session of Congress provided for correct-
ing immaterial errors in writs of error, and I
think it was the intention to have that pro-
vision apply to appeals. I supposed that was
the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The trouble is that that
provision applies to the regular judicial ap-
peals ; but here was a special provision about
appeals in prize cases, different from all other
appeals, for the appeal is taken direct from
the district court, and instead of being limited
to five years, aa ordinary writs of error, it is
limited to thirty days.
Mr. STEWART. I have no objection to
this amendment; but 'would there be any ob-
jection to extending power to correct mere
matters of form in all cases?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is provided for in
the general bill that has become a law in the
other cases.
Mr. STEWART. No, it has only provided
for writs of error.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it extends to
both ; but I hope the Senator will not offer any
amendment here.
