54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February .13,
Ho. of Eeps.
Outlet for the Products of the West—Mr. Negley.
42d Costa....3d Sess.
Tchou, near the mouth of the Tching-Tang-
chiang river, in about latitude 30° 22' north,
longitude 119° 45' east. It then stretches north,
and crossing the great rivers Yang-tse-Kiang
and Hoang-ho, terminates at Lin-Ting, on the
Eu-ho river, in about latitude thirty-seven de-
grees north, longitude one hundred and sixteen
degrees east. The direct distance between the
extreme limits of the canal is about five hun-
dred and twelve miles; but, including its bends,
it is above six hundred and fifty miles in length.
The canals constructed in the Milanese and
other parts of Lombardy in the eleventh and
twelfth centuries are still regarded as models.
There is not over one hundred miles of railroad
in the kingdom of the Netherlands, andparticu-
larly in the province of Holland, but the latter
is intersected with an astonishing number of
canals. The yearly profits yielded by these
are almost beyond belief. It has been proved,
that they amount to more than $1,250,000 for
four hundred miles. These canals are gen-
erally sixty feet wide and six feet deep. The
canal from Amsterdam to Nieudiep, near
the Helder, is probably the greatest work of
the kind in the world. Through aid of these
canals the agricultural resources of Holland
have been developed to an amassing extent.
The Danish canal, which joins the river Eyder
with Kiel bay on the north coast of Holstein,
shortens the difficult passage round Jutland
and through the Cattegat and the sound, by
one hundred miles.
Sweden has formed convenient and ready
outlets for the conveyance of iron, timber,
and agricultural products, through the means
of the river G-otha and the lakes Werner,
Wetter, &c., from Gottenburg to Soder-
koeping, on the Baltic, overcoming in the
work all but insuperable obstacles. Although
the laws in France are unfavorable to public
works, she has seventy-seven hundred miles
of canals, constructed at a great expense, and
several of them of very considerable mag-
nitude and importance. Prussia has estab-
lished a splendid internal navigation between
the great rivers Elbe, Oder, and Vistula.
Austria, although traversed the whole extent
of the empire by the Danube, has two very
extensive canals. The little kingdom of Great
Britain proper, lies close to the sea; yet she
possesses four thousand miles of canals and
siackwater.
The first effort in this direction was com-
menced under an act passed by the Legis-
lature, in 1755, for improving the navigation
of Sankey Brook, on the Mersey, eleven and a
quarter miles in length. The Caledonian canal
is the greatest undertaking of the sort at-
tempted in the empire. Great Britain has con-
structed eight hundred miles of canals in the
East Indies, to improve the navigation of the
Ganges. At the same time large expenditures
have been made for similar works in Canada.
It has always been the purpose of the British
and Canadian Governments to make the Wel-
land canal a part of a grand system of con-
tinuous steam navigation from the West to the
Atlantic ocean, to secure and controlAmerican
commerce coming down the lakes. The total
distance from Chicago to Montreal is 1,348
miles, of which there is lake navigation, 1,145
miles; river navigetion, 132 miles; canal
navigation, 71 miles ; total, 1,348 miles. Prom
Montreal to Liverpool the distance is 2,740
miles. B'rom Chicago to Liverpool, by Lake
Brie and New York, is 4,480 miles.
I have adverted to the extensive system of
improved water intercommunication in the
Old World, to show the advanced opinion on
the subject, and the very favorable results em-
anating from the liberal policy adopted by the
European Governments toward the develop-
ment of internal trade and production. His-
tory is full of the marvelous achievements of
commerce, cherished by artificial channels,
through the foresight and expenditure of wise
Governments ; and these thoroughfares have
been a system of universal commercial irriga-
tion, diffusing industry and creating new cen-
ters of prosperity. It was thoughtfully said
by Professor McAlpin, before the American
Institute, "that the great canals form an im-
portant feature in progress."
With some persons there is an idea that the
railway has superseded the canal, and that the
former now performs the chief part of the
traffic of the country. While the latter is
true in regard to interior short lines of trade,
it is a serious error in reference to the great
trade between the agricultural West and
the Atlantic. The Erie canal, during the sea-
son of navigation, conveys more of this traffic
than all of the railroads together: more than
all the trunk lines from the Saint Lawrence to
the Potomac. The boats which come to tide-
water have an average cargo exceeding that
carried by the longest freight train on the Cen-
tral railway. During the busy season more than
one hundred and fifty such boats arrive daily,
and their tonnage would require more than one
hundred and fifty freight trains. The great-
est number is but thirty per day on the Cen-
tral railway. The Erie canal, therefore, is
performing more than five times as much
business as the Central railway; yet the slow,
plodding canal-boat attracts no attention,
though burdened with more tons than the
noisy, bustling, whirling freight train, which
creates a sensation in every village through
which it passes. The four thousand canal
boats, of an aggregate of one million of ton-
nage, moving five million tons of cargo per
annum, exceeds the tonnage of the vessels
in foreign commerce of the city of
New York, eveu before the war. _ Thus the
canal means progress and prosperity just as
much as the railway.
The application of steam, aided by the
modern inventions in this direction, to vessels
navigating canals will in the near future rev-
olutionize this important mode of transporta-
tion. Steam tugs, with light iron propellers,
will not only accelerate travel on the canals
but permit the construction of boats of greater
capacity and adaptation to the required trade.
It has been the fashion to say that the rail-
way would supersede the canal entirely ; but
to those who have given the matter deserved
consideration, the fallacy has boen^ quickly
discovered. Thinking people are making care-
ful calculations, and finding that, the figures
are in favor of the water lines for bulky arti-
cles, and that the predictions as to their falling
into disuse in consequence of iron ways are
groundless. So far from this being the case,
the question of inland navigation has risen to
the dignity of a national concern, and is com-
mending itself to every commercial organiza-
tion in the country for serious consideration.
I am confident that the universal demand for
cheaper transportation will invoke liberal legis-
lation toward the construction of such works,
in a manner and magnitude of which to-day
we have but a feeble conception.
It does not usually take long for the pro-
ducer to discern where his profit lies. This
done, he sets himself about securing it in the
most expeditious manner he can find. From
one quarter to one third additional profit on a
bushel of wheat or ton of iron or eoal is a
potent consideration, which will invoke the
power of Congress and will lift new canal
enterprises over every obstacle. In other
words, the natural products of the country
will seek the cheapest route to market as
surely as water finds its level.
I need cite but one example of freights to
show the ore buyers of Pittsburg what they
may expect to gain from the approach to the
great iron mines of Virginia through a short
line of water communication, to wit, when navi-
gation opened to Marquette lake freights were
$2 85 per ton; in May, $3; in July, $3 50;
in August, $4; in September, $6 ; and through
October and November, $6 60 and $6 60.
Again, every new and improved line of"com-
munication is a productive capital, created,
not sunk. It immediately augments to gain
or increase of the consumer as well a« the
producer, by suddenly annihilating a portion
of the waste of time and the cost of transport-
ation. It may be argued, even without exag-
geration, there is more of wealth in ihe .canal
than in the railway; for, as to carrying capa-
city, a well-constructed canal, well stocked, is
equal to five first-class railroads. Thus every
canal may be roughly estimated as the equiv-
alent. of five trunk lines of rail; and where
they open to the seacoast they are great horns
of plenty, pouring out their treasures for
European gold.
The brilliant operations of the railways, in
their quick results, have, for a period, appar-
ently attracted the public attention from the
olderand cheaper highways of commerce. But
this period is passing rapidly away, and the
canal is taking its legitimate place in com-
merce as the cheap common carrier. This
reacting tendency is shown in the demand at
the North for the further enlargement of the
Brie canal to the capacity of vessels of five
hundred tons; in the projected ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara ; in the enlarge-
ment of the Illinois and Michigan canal to
ship dimensions; in the proposed ship-canal
from Lake Michigan to Lake Erie; another
across the Isthmus of Florida, to shorten the
voyage and avoid the difficulties and.dangers
of the Florida Pass; the opening of water
communication between States of the Union,
by means of canal, for steam vessels along the
margin of the Gulf, meeting in one common
channel navigation from Pittsburg to the Rio
Grande ; the Ottawa and French river naviga-
tion projects, and the enlargement of the Wel-
land canal, Canada; the Delta canal from the
Mississippi river below St. Philip into the Gulf
of Mexico, near Isle Au Breton; the Atlantic
and Great Western canal of Georgia, connecting
the waters of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers
with the Atlantic ocean at Altamaha sound ;
the grand scheme of con necting the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans by means of a ship-canal across
the Isthmus of Danen; and, finally, the central
water line from the Ohio river through the
iron, coal, and timber districts of Virginia, to
Hampton Roads, on the Atlantic.
All these projects, and others which have
not been named, furnish abundant evidence of
vitality in this direction. The popular interest
is being awakened. People are getting to-
gether, and passing resolutions, and petition-
ing Congress on the subject. Boards of trade
and chambers of commerce are investigating
and making reports ' on it. All great move-
ments have their beginnings in this way, and,
from the indications which have characterized
this one in its inception, I believe that this
question of canal construction is destined to
become one of the great features in the develop-
ment of the commercial economy of the nation.
Mr. Speaker, to accurately comprehend the
pressing demand for the additional facilities
of transportation to be offered by the proposed
continuous water-lines to the seaboard, from
the millions of square miles of interior, the
most productive and diversified of any region
of equal extent in the world, I beg attention
to the following carefully prepared statements :
Table showing the number of bushels of wheat and corn
raised in States east of the Rocky mountains.
States. Wheat. Corn.
Alabama  1,055.068 16,977,948
Arkansas  741,736 13,382,145
Connecticut   38,H4 1,570,364
Delaware  895,477 4,010,390
Florida  - 2,225,056
Georgia  2,127,017 17,646,459
Illinois  30.128,405 129,921,395
Indiana  27,747,222 51,094,538
Iowa    29,435,692 68,935,065
Carried forward.
92,168,761 305,763,361
