1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
rou want to footer and keep alive the old hates
in-1 asperities of the war I hope not. I
there is a better, a kindlier, a more
i un-tuui spirit hi the House, and I want this
;.(ln s.' w!p.>d out, and gentlemen will be able
t <et their money even though it b« wiped
o.:t.
Mr. UAI.E. Mr. Chairman, I shall take up
iprr ot'.le of the time of the committee. I do
•10: suppose that the committee, after the dis-
, u^s-ou we h^*e had, will at this time be very
■a'ii' i troubled with the constitutional ques-
that have !>e*'n raised here. I'hegentle-
• .an truui MaiwichusetU, [Mr. Hoak,] whom
i Jo not now see in his seat, objects that under
•sis amendment men will be drawing pay bo-
■ the> are members. Sow, if that is intrin-
« tally his objection, then he must bo equally
i ;, ■* : to men coming here and taking their
J wk i-ii) after being sworn in and thereby, in
'.£,e gentleman's view, performing the act that
n akf's 'hem members; because if the distinct-
,e tin..: and the only thing to be considered
asea-unug a member of Congress and the
of bis duties and privileges is his being
-*..ru in, then he had performed no service
'••■fi.re he took the oath and should not take
.ay. N'ow, the truth of the matter, and what
■wem- to me t.' U' the fair view, is, that forcer-
•  'i pur|>oses and in a certain sense, which
*, 1 .'Otam on fair consideration of the ques-
•„ n. a man is a member of Congress after the
term to which he was elected commences.
"■S oen the 4th of March comes he begins to
:nu k. he is already entitled to the privilege of
fr«W. >ui from arrest if summoned, and he is at
any moment subject to a call of the President
•>r Congress to come together.
1'udoiibie.lly the Congress to which he is
■dwu-d and of which he is a member is not
organized until the members come together ;
an-i then one of the means of organizing, one
of the steps toward organization, is for the
m-mberc to be sworn in. Bat, as has been
-hewn here, before that is done, the member
performs what is deemed the most important
•iuty during all his term, the election of a
"~p*ak*r to preside over the Honse. At one
t me. in the history of this Government, Con-
sat here for days and weeks, running
r.to months even, in an unorganized condi-
tio, without any Speaker having been chosen ;
but the members were here and were drawing
•heir j>ay, and were members of Congress.
Hut they had not aggregated and chosen their
>j *aker. ami as a body become ready to trans-
act bo-..iie-ut.
Mr. HoAR. They did not draw their pay;
Uie> only received warrants for pay.
Mr. HA LK. The truth is, that these objec-
tion* are technical rather than drawn from the
spirit of the Constitution and laws. By the
way. there is no constitutional prohibition of
'.his amendment. If we pass it we make it a
law, it has the force of law, with the same
effect that the provision of law has which
ai.ow* franking to commence on the 4th of
March.
' Here the hammer fell.]
The CH A IBM AN. By unanimous consent
it has been ordered that all debate on this
amendment shall be now closed.
Mr. KAKNSWOKTII. I desire to have
read an authority directly in point.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mom consent.
Objt-otion was made.
Th  first question was upon the motion of
Mr. (Vit to amend the proposed amendment
by itr kmg out the following:
Hut this provision ?hall not apply to any Repre-
 r Delegate who may be known to the
Clerk ••> b« under political disabilities.
The question was taken ; and upon a division;
there were—ayes 'i'l, noes 61 i ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
IUu wer - appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes t>4, noes til.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HIBBAUD. I move to further amend
by inserting after the word " credentials " tho
words " in due form of law."
Mr. HALE. 1 hare no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTn. I move to further
amend by adding the following :
That in ease tho Clork of tho IIouso of
Representative* should be notitie<l that the election
of auy such holder ot certificate ot election will bo
contested. Ins naino shall not bo placed upou tho
roll of members-elect, so as to entitle him to be paid,
until he shall have been sworn in as a member, or
until such contest shall bo determined.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to fur-
ther amend by adding the following :
And the Forty-Third Congress shall convene on
the 4th day of March, 1S73.
For one I have always believed that the
agreement not to hold a spring session of Con-
gress 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the amendment to the amendment is
not germane, is new legislation, calling for a
session of Congress not now provided by law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I submit that
the point comes too late, as I had begun to
debate mv amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. GARFiiLD] commenced to debate
his amendment before it was stated by the
Chair, so that no gentleman had anjr oppor-
tunity to object. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to further
amend by inserting before the amendment
last adopted the following:
Provided. That the Clerk shall be satisfied or the
legal qualifications of such members-elect.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
that 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. I do not desire to debate the
amendment. I rise to a point of order, that
this question has substantially been passed
upon oy a vote of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was not agreed
to—ayes thirty ; noes not counted.
The question was upon the amendment as
amended.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,]
who offered the amendment in reference to
contestants 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
! without unanimous consent.
! Mr. HALE. I merely suggest that the
1 words " legal notice of contest " be inserted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is "legal
notice of contest?" I do not propose that the
Clerk shall be the judge of what is " legal
notice of contest."
Mr. SARGENT. Put the word " satisfac-
tory" before the word "notice."
The question being taken on the amendment,
| there were—ayes-04, noes 30; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hale and
1 Mr. Cox were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers re-
1 ported—ayes seventy, noes not counted.
So the amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For compensation of tho officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the House of Representatives, namely.
Clerk of the House of Representatives, $4,320; chief
clerk anil Journal clerk, Jo.OOO each; six assistant
clerks, at $2,592 each.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by inserting
after the words "Journal clerk" the words
"and two reading clerks," and to strikeout,
before '■ assistant clerks" tho word "six" and
insert " four."
Tho amendment was adopted.
Tho Clerk read as follows :
For miscellaneous items, $00,000.
Mr. McCKAUY. I move to amend by
inserting after tho clause just read the follow-
ing:
j'nwidnl. That after tho expiration of tho Forty-
Second Congress no payment shall be tumlc by the
House of Representatives, out of the contingent
fund or otherwise, to either party to a contested-
election case for expenses incurred in prosecuting
or defending the same.
Mr. Chairman, this question of the payment
of contestants has been so much discussed in
this House that I suppose it is not necessary
to say much upon it at this time. I wish to
state, however, that the Committee of Flec-
tions, having had a great deal of experience in
dealing with this question, and having consid-
ered it in all its bearings, have unanimously
come to the conclusion that the proposition
contained in this amendment ought to be
adopted. In order that the House may un-
derstand the extent of the expense incurred by
payments of this character, I ask the Clerk to
read two letters from the Clerk of the House.
The Clerk read as follows :
Clerk's Office, IIopsk of Reps. U. S.,
Washington, D. C., J>eceniL*r 4,1872.
Sir: In reply to your inquiry in regard to tho
amount of money paid to contestants for seats in the
House of Representatives, I have tho honor to state
that during the twelve years immediately preceding
the Forty-First Congress there was paid a tolal
of S17.i,.r>;r, T'J
And there was also paid to contestants for
seats in tho Forty-First and Forty-Sec-
ond Congresses the turthor sum ol  Iflo.fiol 43
Making a total of $270,11)7 27
Very respectfully, yours,
edwakd Mcpherson,
Clerk Huu*e of i o f the Cnitrd Staff.
Hon. Georok W. McCrary.
Clkrk's Office, IIorsE of Reps. IT. S.,
Washington, D. C., December 5, i872.
Sib: The item&of expenditure for contestants for
seats in the Forty-First and Forty-Second Con-
gresses, of which the sum total was given you in my
letter of yesterday, are as follows:
J. Willis Menard  $2,">00 00
Calebs. Hunt  2,.r.n0 no
J. H. Chresty  l.ooo 00
J. A. Wirnpey  l.oiio on
J. H. liurch  l.r,oono
J. 1). Yonug  I/**) (10
J. Moffat  l.soooo
Dorsey B. Thomas  l,i ->s so
J. II. Sypber  4,noo no
Louis St. Martin  4.000 on
Michael Ryan  K,oUl) no
Sidney M. lJarnes -  .>,(*10 00
John S. Reirl.  4,.r>00 00
Henry D. Foster  :i,r>00 00
<1. W. MeCranie, of Louisiana  H.ooo no
Joseph Segar  2,ooo no
C. S. Hunt  2.000 on
(Jeorge Tucker  2,000 on
Charles Whittlesey  i,CM (10
IJ. F. Grafton  l,.i(io on
Frank Morey  .'i.noo no
W. F. Swiuler  r>,<mo oo
Adolph Jlailey  4,000 00
John Li. Zeigler  2.000 no
William 1>. Simpson  l/no 00
J. P. Reed  2.(100 110
C. A. Sheafe  4,fi00 00
James Shields  .\000 (HI
John Cessna  4, iso 00
IJ. W. Norris  -V-X <«'
IJ. S. (iooilinpr  ij.obu ((0
J. (jr. McKissick  2,1M M
J.H.Harris  V!!!!
(1. W. Whitmore   2,000 00
.J. It. Rodders    2.r)00 <*[
Thomas 1\ lJeard  •'/,!. I,
Nelson Tift  !H!
•I.J. Hinds  J
II. i/ggleston  JJ
N. Iloyden  ^
Total   48
  j-.. — sat
Very respectfully,
edward mcpiierson,
('Irrl: linni< Hriiirxenlii'tvn*.
Hon. Oeoroe W. McCiiakv.
