1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
Mr. STORM. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us wait till
half past four. It is now a quarter past. I
hope that in the consideration of these bills,
gentlemen will not insist on the committee
using before the ordinary hour for adjourn-
ment.
Mr. STORM. I object to debate.
The question being taken on the motion that
the committee rise, it was disagreed to—ayes
thirty-four, noes not counted.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and it was
disagreed to—ayes thirty-seven, noes not
counted.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Fortwo night-watchmen at the President's House,
$1,800. For the doorkeeper at the President's
House, $1,200. For assistant doorkeeper, $1,080.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by striking
out "$1,080," after the words "assistant
doorkeeper," and inserting in lieu thereof
"$1,200." I know that this proposition is
open to the objection raised by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and that objec-
tion to me is a good one. I have occasion as a
member of the Committee on Appropriations
to feel the force of it every day. There is a
tendency to raise all salaries. In this particu-
lar case I should not have offered the amend-
ment if I had not had my attention called,
not by the persons interested, but by my own
observation, to the Tact that the two door-
keepers at the President's Mansion should be
paid alike, or if either should be paid more
than the other it is the doorkeeper who now
gets $1,080 while the other gets $1,200. He
goes on. duty in the afternoon and stays
through the evening and till a late hour,
while the other one goes on in the morning
and goes off at three o'clock in the afternoon.
It is but a little money, $120 a year, to this
man, but it would be no more than justice to
put the two upon the same footing as to pay.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then why not reduce the
pay of the other one $120 a year, instead of
increasing the pay of this one?
Mr. L. MYERS. The proper way would be
to make their pay $1,400 each, so as to assim-
ilate it to the pay of other doorkeepers.
Mr. HALE. I think that would be too high,
but $1,200, which one of these doorkeepers now
receives, is not too high, being below that of all
the other officials there. I am not in favor
of the proposition which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania urges, but I will give them each
$1,200 a year.
Mr. HOLMAN. I can hardly object to this
amendment myself. I see no reason why there
should be a discrimination in the pay of door-
keepers and policemen for their services are
of the same character, and 1 certainly see no
reason why there should be a difference in the
pay of the two doorkeepers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then let the
amendment be adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should favor reducing
all these salaries instead of increasing any.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Hale ; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The Committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
APPOINTMENT OF A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the select committee to investigate the rela-
tions of the Credit Mobilier and the Union
Pacific Railroad Company to the Government
of the United States under the resolution of
January 6, 1873: Mr. Wilson of Indiana,
Mr. Shellabarger of Ohio, Mr. Hoar of
Massachusetts, Mr. Swann of Maryland, and
Mr. Slocum of New York.
REFERENCE OF BILLS.
The SPEAKER. • There are several gen-
tlemen who desire to introduce bills for refer-
ence, because the committees to which they
are to be referred are expected to report soon,
and the Chair will entertain them.
JOSIAH GEORGE JENNINGS.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3353) for the
relief of Josiah George Jennings; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
GEORGE W. LAWRENCE.
Mr. FRYE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3354) for the relief of
George W. Lawrence, of Maine; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
STEPHEN LARRABEE AND A. L. ALLEN.
Mr. FRYE also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. N. 3355) for the relief
of Stephen Larrabee and A. L. Allen, of
Bath, Maine; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and fltdered to printed.
PORTLAND COMPANY.
I Mr. FRYE also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3356) for the relief
of the Portland Company, of Portland, Maine;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
KERRY SULLIVAN.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3357) for the relief of Kerry Sullivan, com-
pany G, fourteenth New Hampshire volun-
teers; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and, with accompanying papers, ordered to be
printed.
CHANGE Of REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
were discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petitions of Mary C. Killmer and
Martin Zaub, and the same were referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the jointresolutions of the Legisla-
ture of tho State of Mississippi, asking aid for the
American Printing House for the Blind and the
American University for the Blind, and all other
memorials on the subject on file with the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, be withdrawn
from said committee and be referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 616) to release to the State
of Indiana the lands known as the bed of
Beaver lake, in Newton county, in said State;
•and
An act (S. No. 1272) authorizing the East
Chester National Bank of Mount Vernon to
change its location and name.
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following ; which was read :
Evanstown, Illinois, January 4, 1873.
Sir : I have this day tendered nay resignation of
tho office of Congressman-at-large for the State of
Illinois, to take effect from date.
Yours, respectfully,
JOHN L. BEVEKIDGE.
Hon. James G. Blaine, Speaker House of Repre-
sentatives, Washington, D. C.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS : The petition of J. H.
Tinsley, late adjutant forty-ninth regiment
Kentucky volunteer infantry, for arrears of
pay, &c.
Also, the petition of Francis M. Herd, late
second lieutenant forty-seventh regiment
Kentucky volunteer infantry, for arrears of
pay, &c.
Also, the petition of John W. Prunty, late
private company D, sixth regiment Kentucky
cavalry, for arrears of pay.
Also, the petition of A.'D. Jackson, of Lau-
rel county, Kentucky, for pay for beef cattle
furnished the Army.
Also, the petition of Dulaney Burger, late
private company I, fourteenth regiment Ken-
tucky cavalry, for a pension.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Frederick Slocum and 26 others, citizens of the
island of Cuttyhunk, Massachusetts, praying
Congress for an appropriation for the con-
struction of two breakwaters at the entrance
of the harbor of Cuttyhunk.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Elizabeth B.
Frisbie, widow of William Frisbie, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of A. Foulis and 35 others, owners of the
Detroit and Milwaukee railroad lands, asking
the passage of a law to quiet title.
Also, the petition of Jesse Ganon and 570
others, asking an appropriation for the im-
provement of Grand river.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
Francis Bernard, asking a pension.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The memorial of
George B. Chase and others, heirs of Stephen
Chase, in favor of the payment of the French
spoliation claims.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of Wil-
liam L. S. Dearing, praying an increase of
pension.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of W. C.
Dodge, of Washington, District of Columbia,
for remuneration for the use for his invention
for coating metallic cartridges, used by the
United States during the war.
Also, the petition of W. C. Dodge, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, asking remuner-
ation for the use of his invention for filling
cartridges, used by the Government of the
United States during the late war.
Also, the petition of John S. Adams, of
Elgin, Illinois, asking remuneration for his
invention for a cartridge choker, used by the
Government during the war.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of S. J.
Ring, widow of David Ring, deceased, praying
a settlement of the claims for French spolia-
tions.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of J. J.
Pollard, of St. Louis, Missouri, praying the
refunding of money paid into the United
States Treasury from the sale of cotton sold by
