1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the
Secretary of State communicating the report
of Mr. E. C. Wines, appointed under the joint
resolution of March 20, 1871, by the Presi-
dent as commissioner to attend an interna-
tional congress on penitentiary and reform-
atory discipline held at London, with an ap-
pendix containing-a summary of the proceed-
ings of the late national prison congress at
Baltimore; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
kansas senatorial investigation.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask permission
to present a bill at this time, and I should like
to have it passed. An appropriation was made
yesterday of $8,000 to the select committee
appointed to investigate the recent Kansas sen-
atorial election. On applying to the Secretary
of the Senate 12nd that the miscellaneous con-
tingent fund is entirely exhausted and it iB
necessary that a bill should pass both Houses
of Congress in order to defray the expenses of
witnesses who are on their way here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider at the present time a
bill reported by him from a select committee.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1602) to provide for the expenses of the invest-
igation of the recent senatorial election in
Kansas was read twice, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It appropriates
$10,000 to defray the expenses of the select
committee appointed by the Senate on the
10th of February to inquire into certain
charges of bribery and corruption in connec-
tion with the recent senatorial election in
Kansas.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the hoosk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 3352) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense.
bii.ii recommitted.
On motion of Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Ordered.That tho bill (S. No. 1572) for the suppres-
sion of trade in and circulation of obscene literature
and articles of immoral use be recommitted to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
fortification bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted the following
report:
The committoe of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
hill (II. R. No. 3352) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the second and third amendments of the Senate, and
agree to tho same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
tho first amendment of tho Senate, and agree to the
same, with an amendment, as follows: at the end
of said amendment add the following: "and so far
as necessary for the residue of the current fiscal
year; and that the Senate agree to the same.
W. SPEAGUE,
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
F. W. PALMER, "
FRANK MOREY,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
naval appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3351) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1874, and
for other purposes.
Mr. CRAGIN. I feel it my duty to reply
briefly to some statements made by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman. ] In the first place,
he stated, if I understood him, that the ex-
penses of the Navy had increased more than
those of any other branch of the service, or
any other Department of the Government. In-
stead of that being true, it is exactly the re-
verse. I took the trouble some weeks ago to
look at the expenses of the Government for
various years, and to compare the four years
under Buchanan with the four years just clos-
ing under General Grant, and I beg leave to
call the attention of the Senate to the expenses
for the Army and Navy and miscellaneous
items for one or two years during that time.
Take, -for instance, the year 1859 under
Buchanan. The expenses of the Army that
year were $23,154,720 53 ; the expenses of the
Navy were $14,690,927 90; and the expenses
under the miscellaneous head were $23,797,-
544 40. Now, take the year 1869, ten years
later, under General Grant. The expenses of
the Army for that year were $78,501,990 61,
more than three times as much as the expenses
of the Army for the year 1869 under James
Buchanan. The expenses of the Navy for 1869
were $20,000,757 97, or an increase of only
five and a half millions over the expenses of
1859 under Buchanan. The expenses of 1869
under the miscellaneous head were $56,474,-
061 53, instead of $23,797,544 40 in 1859. In
other words, the total expenses of the Army
under Buchanan were $88,307,584 55, and the
total expenses of the Navy for those four years
were $52,645,998 89; while the expenses of
the Army for the last four years were $207,-
329,815 03, and the total expenses of the
Navy only $82,461,825 04. The increase of
expense of the Army for the last four years,
as compared with the four years under
Buchanan, is $119,022,230 48, while the in-
crease of expense of the Navy for the same
time is only $29,815,826 15; showing that the
increased expense of the naval establishment
of the United States is much less, in propor-
tion, than that of the Army, or under the
miscellaneous or any other head ; and Senators
will find this to be true by.turning to the
Finance Report of this year, page 14, which
gives a statement of the expenditures of the
United States from March, 1789, down to the
present time.
The Senator from Ohio says that we have
too many officers in the Navy, two or three
times too many. In that I humbly beg to
differ with him. I do not contend that there
is any lack of officers in the Navy, but I state
here to-day that there are less than one hun-
dred more line officers of the Navy on the
active list than there were in 1855. In 1855
there were six hundred and ninety-five officers
upon the active list of the Navy. Now there
are about seven hundred and ninety on that
list, being about ninety-five more.
It is not fair, Mr. President, to compare the
Navy with the Army so far as its number of
officers is concerned, for it is well known that
the nature of the service is very different.
About one half of the naval officers are sup-
posed to be at sea. They are ordered to sea
for a cruise, as it is called, and that is sup-
posed to last three years. Then they return
home, and other officers are ordered to take
their place. It would not be right to keep these
officers afloat all the time, because by the regu
lations they are not allowed to have their fam-
ilies with them on board ship. So that only
one half of the officers of the Navy are em-
ployed in commanding the eighty-five hundred
men authorized for the naval service, as stated
by the Senator from Ohio. The other half
are employed on shore duty, or are on leave
of absence. They are employed at the Navy
Department, at navy-yards, on the Coast Sur-
vey, at the National Observatory, at the hy-
drographic office, as light-house inspectors,
&c., where many of them do not have any com-
mand of any number of the men authorized for
the Navy.
There are on the retired list twenty-nine
rear admirals, as stated by the Senator from
Ohio ; but only fourteen of them were retired
as rear admirals; only fourteen of them draw
the retired pay of rear admirals ; that is,
$3,000 a year. Among them are three who
were retired as commodores. They draw the
retired pay of commodores, for according to
law they only receive the pay of the grade
upon which they were retired. Eleven of them
were retired as captains, and they draw only
the half pay of captains at the present time.
There are on the retired list forty-eight com-
modores. Only fifteen of them were retired
as commodores. Seventeen were retired as
captains, and they draw the half pay of cap-
tains. Twelve were retired as commanders,
and they draw the half pay of commanders.
Four were retired as lieutenants, and they only
draw the half pay of lieutenants ; and the pay
of a lieutenant on the retired list ia only
$1,300. So that there are four commodores
now on the retired list drawing only $1,300 a
year, and this amendment does not propose to
change the law in that respect. The officers
are still to draw the retired pay of the grade
upon which they were retired.
There are on the retired list fourteen cap-
tains. Only one of them was retired as a cap-
tain. Five were retired as commanders,
seven as lieutenants, and one as a midship-
man. They have been promoted upon the
retired list, but without any increase of pay at
all; and it is owing to that fact that there
appear to be so many officers of high grade on
the retired list. They were not retired on
those high grades, but many of them were
retired at a low grade and have been promoted
on the retired list without any increase of pay.
I have been myself seeking for a year or more
to prohibit promotions on the retired list in
order to prevent this appearance of so many
officers of high grade being upon the retired list.
A rear admiral on the retired list now re-
ceives $3,000, The grade of rear admiral
corresponds with the grade of major general
in the Army. A major general in the Army
on the retired list now receives $5,625, while
a rear admiral receives only $3,000, a little
more than one half the pay of a major general
on the retired list. If this amendment should
be adopted, a rear admiral on the retired list
will receive about $1,100 less than a major
general on the retired list. If the amendment
be adopted, a rear admiral on the retired list
will receive $4,500 as his retired pay ; that is
to say, a rear admiral who was retired as
rear admiral. If he was retired as a captain,
he will only receive the retired pay of a cap-
tain ; if he was retired as a commodore, lie
will receive the retired pay of a commodore ;
so that with this amendment the retired offi-
cers of the Navy will not be on an equality
with the retired officers of the Army so far as
pay goes.
But, sir, one of the main objects of this
amendment is set forth in the first part of it.
The retired officers of the Army are forbidden
to be put upon active duty, as I understand
from the chairman of the Military Committee.
They cannot be put upon active duty so as to
draw the full pay of their grade. Therefore,
it was just and proper, in my judgment, that
those officers who had been disabled, who
were rendered unfit for any service, should be
liberally provided for. I do not find any fault;
I do not complain that their pay is too great;
I do not believe that it is. I only seek to
place the naval officers as near to them as we
conveniently can. In the Army, retired offi-
cers receive seventy-five per cent,, of then-
highest pay ; but their highest pay is greater
than the highest pay of the Navy, and hence
seventy-five per cent, of the highest pay of
the Navy will not equal seventy five per cent,
of the pay of the Army ; but it is an objtc, lo
