i mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CASSERLY. X ask to have both
amendments read.
Mr. SHERMAN. X desire to modify my
amendment. I move simply to strike out the
proviso, which accomplishes the same purpose.
That will leave the pay of retired officers as
it is now.
Mr. CRAGIN. Let the amendment be
read as it would stand if it were amended by
the adoption of the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will not the Senator
accomplish his purpose better by withdrawing
his amendment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot do it. This
will accomplish the same thing.
Mr. COUBETT. I ask that that portion
be read'which it is proposed to strike out.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as
amended, if the amendment to the amend-
ment be adopted, will read :
Provided, That no officer on the retired list of the
Navy shall be employed in active duty except in
time of war.
Mr. BAYARD. In order; to vote intelli-
gently on this subject, having been absent
during the greater part of the debate, I desire
to ask the chairman of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs whether I am to understand that
the present proposition does not increase the
pay of the officers of the Navy, but simply
places retired officers of the Navy on the same
relative terms to their active pay as officers of
the Army now bear to theirs. Is that the
proposition ?
Mr. CEAGIN. If the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio were adopted, the proposi-
tion would simply be to prevent retired officers
of the Navy being called on to do active duty.
Mr. BAYARD. That is one of the results;
but I am speaking in regard to the raising of
their pay.
Mr. CRAGIN. The whole proposition?
The amendment offered by the Committee oji
Naval Affairs to this House bill, which is all
incorporated in this amendment, is to increase
the pay of retired officers to seventy-five per
cent, instead of fifty, which, is now the case
by law, to make it the same percentage as the
officers of the Army, although it will be actu
ally less because the highest pay of the officers
of the Navy is less than the pay of the Array.
Mr. BAYARD. Nevertheless the fact of
the retirement reduces the pay of the officer
so placed on the list.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. ANTHONY and Mr. CRAGIN called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to amend
by striking out the entire section.
Mr. CRAGIN. There will be only two
lines left.
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to simplify this
matter I will move to lay the original amend-
ment on the table. It ought not to be put in
an appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Let it be a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I doubt very much whether
the Senate precisely understand this vote. I
wish the Chair would state it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last
motion is to lay the amendment on the table.
That disposes of the subject, if it prevails.
Mr. BAYARD. Is that the amendment of
the committee which increases the pay of these
retired naval officers to the same ratio that is
now given to the Army officers on the retired
list?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands so.
Mr. BAYARD. And the motion is to lay
that amendment on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. And also, if the Sen-
ator will pardon me, all that goes before it,
the whole of the amendment, not only the pro-
vision he states, but all that precedes.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let us know then what
it is that precedes it, for-1 take it that is some-
thing of importance if I understood the read-
ing from the desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to get at a result
in the quickest mode possible, and I will again,
at the suggestion of Senators who desire to
have a vote on the first proposition I made,
withdraw the motion to lay on the table and
renew my motion to strike out all after the first
two lines. I move simply to strike out the
proviso as to the pay and call for the yeas and
nays. r|'hat will settle the question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I understand
this matter now; at the same time, to make
everything sure, I ask that the Clerk report
first the proviso which is proposed by the Sen-
ator from Ohio to be stricken out. and, next,
how the amendment will read after itis stricken
out.
The Chief Clekk. It is proposed to strike
out the following proviso :
Provided, That those officers on the retired list
and those hereafter retired, who were or who may
be retired after forty years' service or on attaining
the age of sixty-two years, in conformity with sec-
tion one of the act of December, 1861, and its amend-
ments, dated June25,186i,orthose who were or may
be retired from incapacity resulting from long and
faithful service, from wounds or injuries received in
the line of duty, or sickness or exposure therein,
shall after the passage of this act be entitled to
seventy-five per cent, of the present pay of the
grade or rank which they held at the time of their
retirement. And the rear admirals provided for in
the act of June 5,1872. shall be considered as having
been retired as rear admirals.
If these words are stricken out, the amend-
ment will then read:
That no officer on the retired list of the Navy
shall be employed on active duty except in time of
war.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio to the
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Cole, Davis,
Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitohcoek, Howe, Machen,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Robertson, Schurz,
Sherman, Spenoer, Spraeue, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, and Wright—24.
NAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin. FreliDghuysen,
Goldthwaite, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, and
West—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Ilanalin,Harlan, Hill. Logan. Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Pool, Sum-
ner, Xhurman. Wilson, and Windom—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CAMERON. I now renew my motion
to go into executive session.
Mr. COLE. I trust the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw his motion for awhile.
We ought to dispose of this bill to-night.
Nearly all the Calendar is to be disposed of
after this and the rest of the appropriation
bills. I hope the Senator will let us finish up
this bill. It is now but a few minutes after
four o'elcck.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not want to retard
business; and if there is to be no more dis-
cussion I will withdraw my motion, but if there
is, I give notice I shall make the motion
immediately.
Mr. COLE. We are getting votes now very
rapidly, and I think there will be no more
discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir; I think I must
insist on my motion that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. COOPER. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
COWAN AND DICKINSON.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 96) en-
titled "A bill for the relief of Cowan & Dickinson,
of Knoxville, Tennessee," having met, after full and
free discussion have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House, and ooncur with an
amendment striking out "$44,880" and inserting
"$50,000;" and that the House agree to the same.
HENRY COOPER,
D. 1). PRATT,
T. O. HOWE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
AUSTIN BLAIR,
CHAS. FOSTER.
JOHN T. HARRIS,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that stated so that we can understand it.
Mr. COOPER. I will state to the Senator
from Vermont that the original bill appro-
priated $64,000 as passed by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All right.
The report was concurred in.
claims of status
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before that motion is
put, I ask leave to withdraw a motion I entered
to reconsider the passage of the bill (S. No.
128S) for the relief of the State of Connecticut
and other States on the Calendar the other
day. It makes an allowance to certain offi-
cers of the Army who had not been properly
mustered in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection leave will be granted to withdraw
the motion to reconsider. The Chair hears
no objection, and the motion is withdrawn.
house bills beekkreb. *
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 3622) supplemental to
an act entitled "An act granting the right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad from Great Salt Lake to
Portland, Oregon," approved April 12, 1872—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 3949) to provide forthe
apportionment of the Territory of Wyoming
for legislative purposes—to the Committee on
Territories.
The bill (H. R. No. 3950) to prescribe the
duties of the chief of the Bureau of Statistics—
to the Committee on Commerce.
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cameron.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After thirty minutes spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened, and (at
four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 14, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler., D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say a word in
personal explanation. The report made yes-
terday by the Committee on Commerce, of
which I am a member, in reference to internal
