396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Orleans to make application, but his agent at
that time, unknown to him, was dead. Upon
his return he found the application had not
been made, and coming to Washington he
found also that he was too late to give the
ninety days' notice required by law. He there-
fore makes his application now to be allowed
to go before the Commissioner and give that
notice and make his application for au exten-
sion as if he had been in time, and the bill
grants that authority.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THEODORE ADAMS.
Mr. SCOTT. While reports are in order I
will ask the Senate to take up and dispose of
the report of the committee of conference on
the bill (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams. I trust it will be disposed
of without further delay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be considered as before the
Senate, and the question will be on agreeing
to the conference report.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. EDMUNDS. Let
it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
Totes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2046)
for the relief of Theodore Adams, having met, after
fall and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the first and second amendments of the Senate
to said bill, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from all of their remaining
amendments to said bill.
JOHN SCOTT,
A. I. BOREMAN,
FRANK. P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. PETERS,
H. H. STARKWEATHER,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this mat-
ter has been up once or twice, and the simple
question, as I understand it, is whether we are
to go behind and reopen a settlement that the
United States made with this gentleman, it
being a matter of dispute whether his claim
was a just one, it having been passed upon by
a commission appointed for that purpose in
his absence, as he says, but he was still
before the commission as a witness, and made
some statements about it; and finally it was
provided that he might take a certain sum for
building these vessels if he would take it in
full. He did take it, and gave his receipt in
full settlement of the whole claim. Now he
says he took it in that way because he wanted
the money and could not wait, and wishes us
to review this proceeding from beginning to
end again and retry all these questions.
This gentleman may be right in his claim ;
I do not know but that he is ; but if you re-
view these decisions and these final receipts
once where a composition is made and a cer-
tain sum is given in full, then you must do it
in every other case, and you must go through
all the instances, and there are thousands of
them in which the Treasury of the United
States has been drawn upon to pay a claim
that is disputed at a modified sum upon the
theory that that should be a final settlement;
and to go into that and to establish a prece-
dent of this kind would in my judgment be
highly detrimental to the interests of the Uni-
ted States.
Having called the attention of the Senate to
precisely what the point is, as I understand it,
my duty is discharged about it.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know how
much is authorized to be paid. As there is a
difference in regard to the amount that is
claimed, and it has been reported upon by
different committees, I should like to know
what amount is to be paid by this report. In
one case, if I remember aright, the sum is
$39,000, and in the other case it is $112,000,
neither of which sums I think ought to be
paid ; but I should like to know which is to be
paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The largest sum, of
course.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I will answer
the interrogatory of the Senator from Califor-
nia, and while upon my feet to do so I will
take occasion to say one word in reply to the
suggestion made by the Senator from Vermont.
The sum to be paid by the report of the
committee of conference is $112,000. The
bill as originally reported from the Senate
Committee on Claims was for $39,000, as has
been stated. The bill as passed by the House
of Representatives was for $112,000; there-
fore the difference.
Now, in reference to what has been stated
by my friend from Vermont, I will say that as
he reduces the objections to this bill down to
the question of the precedent in opening this
settlement, that question whether the settle-
ment should be opened has been fully exam-
ined and passed upon by I may say four dis-
tinct tribunals, if I may call them tribunals.
In the first place it was opened and passed
upon by the Court of Claims, and they ren-
dered a judgment in favor of this plaintiff for
$112,000. That was reversed upon a tech-
nical ground, as is stated fully in the report.
It has been twice examined, twice passed upon
in the House of Representatives. The bill
has been twice passed in the House paying the
claimant $112,000. It has been very carefully
examined here. I think I am not wrong in
saying that three meetings of the Committee
on Claims of the Senate were given to the
consideration of this bill, and they reopened
the settlement so far as to report in favor of
$39,000. Then, after a very full discussion in
the Senate, again the bill was passed. Now
the committee of conference have reported
back the amount that the House gave; so it
is a question here between the two Houses as
to which amount shall be paid.
I do not again propose to go into a discus-
sion of the merits of the bill unless the oppo-
sition made to the adoption of the report of
the committee of conference shall render it
necessary, for it was so fully discussed in the
Senate before, that those Senators who were
present I have no doubt have a vivid recollec-
tion of the case and are fully prepared to vote
upon it. The bill is one for the relief of The-
odore Adams. It has been here a good while,
and sometimes these bills are here so long that
whes they are upon the Calendar we almost
feel in the Committee on Claims as if it was
necessary to dispose of them in some way or
other for the relief of the members of the Com-
mittee on Claims, and I trust this morning we
will get some disposition made of this bill.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I think per-
haps I ought to say a word about this matter.
The Senate Committee on Claims, as has been
said by the Senator from Pennsylvania, had a
great deal of difficulty with this case. I be-
lieve it was the opinion of a very decided ma-
jority of that committee that this claimant
ought not to receive more than $39,000, while
it was the opinion of some members of the
committee that he ought not to receive any-
thing. I have had myself great difficulty in
coming to the conclusion that we were justi-
fied in paying him anything that he had not
received under the award of the claims com-
mission.
My difficulties were these, very briefly : in
the first place, the contract upon which this
claimant comes here was in mf judgmentnot
only invalid.but extremely improvident and
improper. I suppose if I were technical at all
I might say there was not any contract at all.
One of our generals in command on the Mis-
sissippi, as I understand it, in 1861 took it
iuto his head that he had better transfer his
command on the water, that he could handle
a navy better than he could an army, and he
went to work to construct a model navy, or a
novel navy, made up of gunboats, I believe—
mortar-boats, my friend from New York [Mr.
Conki.ing] suggests—and his quartermaster,
it is said, made the contract with this claimant
for the construction of these boats. A con-
tract was drawn up, I believe, but my recol-
lection is it never was signed.
Mr. SCOTT. It was signed by the claimant
and left in the possession of the quartermaster
to sign, who simply neglected to sign it.
Mr. HOWE. In point of fact it was not
signed, and never has been signed by anybody
pretending to represent the Government, but
very likely this claimant thought it would be
signed; and I have no reason to doubt that he
thought the authorities there, such as they
were, had assented to the terms of the con-
tract. I do not think that quartermaster had
any more authority to contract for the building
of those boats than he had for the building of
a capitol at St. Louis. That is my notion
about it as a point of law.
My friend from New York says that he un-
derstands the Quartermaster General agreed
to this contract. That is not my recollection.
I am not so familiar with the facts as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is. I will hear what
the fact is if he desires to state it.
Mr. SCOTT. I will state to my friend from
Wisconsin that the contract was drawn up by
the Quartermaster General himself and given
to the claimant to sign. He signed it and left
it with the Quartermaster to sign. The pro-
posals were invited by the Quartermaster
General and received by the Quartermaster
General. Whether he gave a formal sanction
to the written contract after it was made or
not I do not now remember, but after the con-
tract was fulfilled the boats were accepted as
built in pursuance of it, and by an act of Con-
gress afterward passed they were transferred
to the Navy Department.
Mr. HOWE. Well, the quartermaster of
whom the Senator from Pennsylvania is speak-
ing was not the Quartermaster General. He
was a Colonel McKinstry, I think, who was
officiating then as the quartermaster upon
General Fremont's staff. I do not understand
that the Quartermaster General ever did as-
sent to those contracts ; but if he had I should
still say the same: I do not think he had any
more authority to contract for them than
McKinstry had. I- do not think it comes
within the purview of the trust confided in an
officer of the Army.
But the Committee on Claims of the Senate
waived all this. Mr. Adams, we have con-
ceded, acted in good faith ; that is to say, that
he supposed he had a contract. He went on
and did some work under that contract. The
War Department became very much dissatis-
fied with this and with several other contracts
made in that neighborhood. Thereupon the
President sent a commission there to investigate
for his information, to inquire into them, to see
what contracts ought to be respected by the
United States, and how far payments ought to
be made under those contracts. That commis-
sion consisted of the present Justice Davis of
the Supreme Court, I believe, Generalt Holt,
and Mr. Campbell. They took this contract
into consideration. They took such evidence
as they saw fit, or as they could obtain. It is
alleged by the claimant that he did not appear
before that commission. He knew of the
commission. He appealed to the commission
by letter arguing his casej but, I believe, sub-
mitted no proofs to the commission. The
commission got such proofs as they could and
they decided that a certain sum ought in jus-
tice to be paid to the claimant. That sum
was paid, and the claimant gave a receipt in
full to the United States when he received his
money.
My friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
says that we ought not to go behind that
receipt. Some members of the committee took
j that same view of it. I believe one or two
