398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
merit cross-examined; but on the 13th of January,
he addressed a lettor to the board dated at St.
Louis, expressing a dcsiro to submit to them some
facts in relation to the construction of the mortar-
boats, which constituted the prinoipal item in his
accounts. In that letter he states the history of his
communications with the Navy Department and
with General Meigs on the subject of his plans for
the construction of the mortar-boats and of the :
adoption of tho same by General Fremont, and of !
the contract for building the same, and closes it by
saying that when this contract was made I supposed
I would have to pay much higher for materials and
labor than I have, and therefore the job has been
more profitable in figures than I expected. To do
this work I had to contract debts to workmen and
all classes who have furnished me materials, and
claim, as Ihave in no respect boen remiss on my part,
the Government should deal promptly and liberally
with me."
Thereupon the board did deal promptly and
liberally with him, as they thought, and determ-
ined the fair 8um that he ought to have oyer i
tho sum they gave him and he took, which '
confessedly he received in full settlement of ]
his claim. The court go on to say this in their i
first decision. This, that I have been reading, 1
was on the application to reopen the case in
the Supreme Court.
In the first decision the Supreme Court say
that they do not regard this receipt as a pay-
ment in full or only for a part as of any ma-
terial consequence in the view they take of
the case :
" The bar to any further legal demand against the
Government does not rest upon this acquittance,
but upon the voluntary submission of the claims to
the board, the hearing and final decision thereon,
tho receipt of the vouchers containing the sum or
amount found due to the claimant, and the accept-
ance of the payment of that amount under the aot
of Congress providing therefor."
That they say makes a just bar to his claim
as against the Government. Then he tried to
reopen it by showing that he did not submit
it, as I have stated, and therefore they were
mistaken in their grounds of decision. After
they have told him that even if there was a
mistake about that, he was in fault about the
mistake because he did not present the point
in the Court of Claims at all, they say :
" The court are not willing to go further, and sub-
mit tho remedy to be applied after the case is open
and decided, as we fear that such a precedent would
work greater injustice and hardship, In its general
application, than that which may exist in any par-
ticular case."
That is well worthy of consideration as ap-
plied to any case of this kind, where, when a
matter has been once settled, we are asked to
reopen it. But then they go on to say what I
was stating. The court did finally put their
decision not merely on the ground of a submis-
sion, which they show in this second decision
he did make, although he did not do it per-
sonally, but it was done for him, and with his
acquiescence and approval, that he was made
a party to it, but they go on to say further :
" There is another view also arising out of the
facts upon which this motion is founded, whioh
should be stated. Although it is true that the ap-
pellee did not present his claims before the board,
as stated in the finding in the record on appeal, it
cannot, in view of the facts which appear in the
original record of the evidence before the Court of
Claims, well be denied but that he made himself a
party to their proceedings, and took the benefit of
the adjustment of his accounts by them, which
brings tho case within the principle decided in 7
W allace."
So that you have a decision of the Supreme
Court, the very tribunal on appeal from the
Court of Claims that we constituted for this
man to coerce us into the payment of what-
ever might be found to be due, based not
upon a technicality, not upon a point outside
of the merits, but upon the solid merit, as if
they were deciding between private persons,
that this man had chosen to submit his claims
to an arbitration which the Government had
provided for him, which was more speedy
than the Court of Claims, and that he had
chosen to take the benefit of that decision
and to receive from the Government as a final
settlement the sum they had awarded. Now,
can it be said, Mr. President, that we are
called upon to retry the findings of all the
tribunals that we constituted for such pur-
poses? Are we to be called upon to over
haul all the settlements of disputed accounts
that have been made? If we are, as I said
before, there is no end to our labor. When
witnesses are dead, when the Government
papers are forgotten, lost, out of sight, years
afterward, because these claims never die—
we have some here now that go back to the
time of the Revolution—are we to be called
upon, on the ex parte proof a party may bring
forward now, to overhaul all these affairs?
There is no principle of justice that 1 know
of that will warrant us in doing it.
Then, as my honorable friend from Wis-
consin has said, if this man seeks to relieve
himself from what some people consider to be
the technical bar of his acceptance of this sum
in full satisfaction upon the dispute, and to let
him into a retrial upon the merit and equity of
the thing, where is the equity of allowing him
to stick to the contract which he made with
this fraudulent and defaulting quartermaster,
and hold us to that, when he says, "you shall
not take the benefit of the contract I made
with you afterward to take a certain sum in
full satisfaction?" If you are going to throw
up the last contract, why not throw up the
fircone and hold him to the sum that the
CofUmittee on Claims say is all that the work
he did, upon his own ex parte showing, was
worth?
As I said, Mr. President, I know nothing
about the original merit of this claim. The
very difficulty that exists in overhauling these
claims is that you cannot have a fair trial, as
you would have in the original case. It may
be of no consequence perhaps, as some Sen-
ators may think, what we are to do in this par-
ticular case ; but I can readily see, when you
go through all these Departments and find that
there are necessarily disputes concerning the
amounts of claims, just as there are in private
affairs, and that the Government has parted
with its money upon settlements fairly made
and understanding^ made, ■ to say that the
party is not bound when he takes his money,
because he takes it under protest 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What was the
amount of the award which he accepted ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was $86,000,1 believe,
or somethitig like that. The commissioners
allowed him on account of on& claim $75,959,
and on another $20,196. He claimed that he
was entitled according to the precise letter of
the contract to $112,000 more. The Commit-
tee on Claims, throwing aside the contract and
throwing aside the later discharge, say that on
the quantum meruit he was entitled to $39,000.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the Senator has the
record before him, I will ask him how much
Mr. Adams had received before this time? I
think the report shows how much he received
before the award.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will tell you in a mo-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will find, it on
page 7 of the committee's report, if he has it
before him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the report
before me.
Mr. SCOTT. I will send it to the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He had received accord-
ing to the statement of his account, before
these commissioners examined his claim, paid
by McKinstry, $75,000; paid by Allen, $55,000;
making $130,000; and $9,000 paid on the
second contract for tug-boats; which would
make $139,000, I believe.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator is mistaken.
The whole amount paid him was much more—
$256,000.
Mr.*EDMUNDS. Very good. He has
been paid a pretty large sum of money ; but if
he is justly entitled to the sum he claims on
principles that would be fair as applied to
everybody, of course he ought to have it. If
he is not, he ought not to have it.
I have stated all that I wish to state about
this case. It involves the three considerations
I have named: in the first place, the doubt
as to the right to enter into the original contract
although the Government took the beats, and
then the dispute as to what they were worth.
The Government provided a speedier tribunal
than the Court of Claims, and he voluntarily
allowed that body, with whom he communi-
cated on the subject, to overhaul the claim
and allow him a certain sum. Then he volun-
tarily took that sum, claiming that it was too
little, and protesting they had done him an
injustice. He then went to the Court of
Claims, and the Supreme Court of the United
States decided, as 1 have said, not upon tech-
nicalities, but upon the solid merits and prin-
ciples of law, that they could not go back and
retry his case.
Mr. WINDOM. If a vote can be taken on
this question, 1 will not ask the Senate to de-
cide whether they wish to proceed with this
report or the appropriation bill; but if the vote
cannot be taken now, I prefef submitting that
question to the Senate, and call for the regular
order.
Mr. SCOTT. I think it is proper to dispose
of this case now. I appeal to the Senator from
Minnesota to allow us to do so. I promise to
say all that I have to say on the case in reply
to the Senator from Vermont in five minutes.
I do not know whether any Senator wishes to
discuss it further. I hope we shall get a vote.
I desire very much to be relieved of the case.
Mr. WINDOM. I dislike very much to ask
for the regular order against that request, and
will yield five minutes further.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota that I desire to say some-
thing on this question before it is disposed of.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have a little
more information on the subject, and I should
like time to consider it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish it now.
We will have to talk it all over again if we do
not dispose of it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Does the Senator
from Minnesota insist on the demand for the
regular order?
Mr. WINDOM. I do not on my own ac-
count, but I do not feel that I have the right
to yield to an appeal to lay aside an appro-
priation bill, and I therefore call for the regu-
lar order in order that the Senate may decide
that question for itself.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I move to postpone the
regular order for the purpose of proceeding
with the consideration of this report, and I do
it upon the ground of economy of time. I
really think we shall save time by disposing
of it now while the subject is fresh before the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote for the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
although the case must be very exceptional in
my own estimation to enable me to do so. I
think the Senator from Minnesota is quite
right in pressing the appropriation bill, and
the chairman of the committee, the Senator
from California, also. However, I cannot for-
get that this particular bill has been discussed
in the Senate, if I am not mistaken, three
times since the concluding days of the last
session, and every time it is taken up a venire
de novo is issued and we begin with it all
over again. It seems to me it must be pretty
near a conclusion now, and therefore, for this
time, I concur in the view that it will be
economy of time, even as against an appro-
priation bill, to conclude its consideration.
I hope we may be allowed to vote on the
report of the conference committee.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not rise to oppose the
motion, but only to say that the Senate is
aware as well as I am that we have passed
none of the appropriation bills yet, and they
are as well aware as myself of the necessity of
passing those bills at once ; and therefore it is
not important that I should urge continually
action upon this bill. I submit the question
to the Senate.
