1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
we should know something about what these
amendments are. I confess I cannot tell what
they are by heariug their numbers. 1 do not
know how we can arrive at a correct under-
standing of them without some explanation.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman state
what .explanation he desires?
Mr. COBURN. I think it would be well
to read the amendments, and to show their
etfect upon the bill.
Mr. SWANN. There are a number of these
amendments, and- it will take some time to
read them all.
Mr. STORM. Will the gentleman from
Maryland state whether the clause relating to
the Mexican claims'commission is still in the
bill?
Mr. SWANN. That is still in the bill; it
has been concurred in by the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was then adopted.
Mr. SWANN .moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STORM asked and obtained leave to
print some remarks on the subject. [See
Appendix.]
hayden's geological survey.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and, under the law, referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved bu the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed and bound
twelve thousand copiesof Professor Hayden's sixth
annual report of the United States geological survey
of the Territories and explorations for 1872, seventy-
five hundred of which shall be for the use of the
House of Representatives, twenty-five hundred for
the Senate, and two thousand copies for distribution
by the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and, under the law, referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed fordistribntion by
the Smithsonian Institution eleven hundred copies
of the first, second, and third annual reports of the
United States geological survey of the Territories, in
one volume.
geneva award.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 3139, to provide for the adjust-
ment and equitable distribution of the award
made to the United States by the commission-
ers at Geneva, under the treaty of Washington.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the first reading of the
bill may be dispensed with.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly, .
Mr. PO ITER. I would inqujre if any ar-
rangement has been made with regard to de-
bate upon this subject?
The SPEAKER. There has been none
made.
Mr. POTTER. I think this question is one
of the highest importance not only to the indi-
viduals interested, but to the nations involved.
I think it should have the largest-discussion,
and 1 trust that the House will see to it that it
receives the fullest considera tion.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
fun, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had receeded from its amend-
ment disagreed to by the House to the bill
of the House of the following title:
A bill (H. It. No. 2053) authorizing the
nomination and appointment to the ret '®cl
list of the Navy of certain volunteers on the
active list of the Navy who are disabled fti
consequence of wounds received during the
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill of the
House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian lands in
Kansas.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to the resolution of the Senate in
relation to printing additional copies of the
report and accompanying maps of the Darien
surveying expedition, and ask a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Anthony,
Mr. Howe, and Mr. Casserly as the conferees
on the part of the Senate.
geneva award.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill in relation to the Geneva award.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, addressed
the House in a speech which will be published
in the Appendix. At the conclusion of his
speech he said : I now feel that I have so far
explained the bill that it will be open for debate
on the other side. 1 trust the debate will go so
far and be so full as to elucidate the subject
fully. I desire to admit two amendments, and
I yield now to my brother from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] to offer an amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I offer an amendment in
the nature of a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
printed, and it is not necessary to read it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Coburn
in the chair.) The time of the gentlemau
from Massachusetts has expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
not yet.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Yes ; it has
just expired.
Mr. POTTER obtained the floor.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from New
York would, I know, allow me to offer an
amendment. It is to strike out on page 9, line
ninety-four, the words "award of Geneva,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "loss."
My amendment involves the question whether
the interest shall date from the award at
Geneva or from the time when the loss was
sustained. I desire at some time before the
debate closes to address the House very briefly
on that question.
Mr. POLAND. Before the gentleman from'
New York [Mr. Potter] proceeds, I wish he
would allow the first section of my substitute
to be read, as it indicates its purport.
Mr. POTTER. Certainly ; if it does not
come out of my time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America tn Congress
assembled, That within sixty days after payment
shall be made by the Government of Great Britain
to the Government of the United States ot the sum
awarded by the commissioners under the treaty ot
Washington, at Geneva, the Attorney General ot
the United States shall iilein the circuit court of the
United States, in the circuit to be designated by the
President, a bill m equity, in the nature ot a bill of in-
terpleader, setting forth so much of said treaty as pro-
vides for the submission to said arbitration, the due
appointment of the commissioners, the making ol
said award, and the payment thereof. JLhesaid bill
shall also set forth whether any portion of said money
paid upon said award is claimed by the Government
of the United States for losses or damages to the
same by the acts of the vessels named m the said
award, and a concise statement of the facts, grounds,
and amount of such claims. And every person,
company, or corporation who has already tiled a
claim ill the State Department for damages caused
by the acts of the vessels for and onaccoUntot w hic h
said award is so made, shall bo named as defendants
in said bill, and they claim severally to be entitled
to portions of the said money, bat the particulars
of their respective claims need not be set forth.
And notice of the commencement and pendency ol
such bill shall be given by publishing the substance
thereof in one public newspaper in each btato and
Territory for three successive months. And sucti
notice shall state the day of filing such hill, and that
every person, company, or corporation named there-
in as defendant, and also every person, company, or
corporation claiming to be entitled toany partof
thosaid fund, and desiring to appear in said cause
to assert such claims, are required to file an appear-
ance therein within six months fiom the tiling of
said bill. And all and every person, company, or
ciirporation, whether named as a defendant in said
bill or not, who shall not enter an appearance
therein within said six months shall bo forever
barred of all right or claim in or to any part of said
award.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I regard this
bill as a measure of the highest importance,
not so much because the sum which i t proposes
to distribute is great, as because the bill in-
volves grave and somewhat complicated ques-
tions of private and public right; because our
action upon it may form a controlling prece-
dent for the future action of Congress when-
ever in years to come like questions may arise,
and because, also, the national honor is in
some degree concerned in the determination
we may now make of the questions which this
bill presents.
I regret, sir, that I have not had more time
in which to examine these various questions;
but until the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] read to the Committee on the
Judiciary the d,raft of the report he had pre-
pared to go with the bill, my attention had
never been called to it.
I have, as every one who kuows my views
in respect of corporations is aware, no sym-
pathy for any corporation. Corporations are
artificial persons existing only by virtue of
positive law, without heart or soul, and are not,
therefore, entitled to any sympathy whatever.
I may say, further, that I have not in ray dis-
trict, nor among my constituents, a single
marine insurance company, and that, so far as
I know, none of my constituents or friends have
any interest in the distribution of this Geneva
award. In arriving at whatever conclusion I
may have come to about such distribution, I
have been alone governed by considerations of
what seemed to be just. Indeed, I frankly con-
fess that when I began to consider this question
it seemed to me that insurers were not entitled
to any payment out of this fund. Subsequent
reflection has brought me to exactly the oppo-
site conclusion, and lam satisfied that there is
no gentleman here who will think fully and dis-
passionately upon the subject, who will not,
in the end, come to the result at which I have
arrived.
Justice is represented with her eyes bound,
that it may be no respecter of persons. The
first duty of Congress is to establish justice.
When, therefore, we come to determine the
distribution of a great sum of money like this,
for which there are so many applicants, we
ought to consider it not with reference to
what we would like, nor to what our sym-
pathies may be, but with reference solely to
what is just; to what rights the applicants for
the fund may have in respect of it.
Here let me say that, in the first place, I
dissent from the conclusion of the committee,
that no persons have rights in respect of this
fund. The committee treat this tund as one
belonging to the nation, held by it subject to
no trust, and in regard of which no person
has any right whatever. They insist that no
private citizen can have a claim upon a public
enemy for the damage it may commit in war ;
that Great Britain was a hostile Power, and
that a citizen who suffered loss by her action,
like a man in the ranks struck down by the
bullet of the enemy, is without relief for that
injury.
But, sir, Great Britain was not a Power at
war with us. We had no belligerent relations
with Great Britain. She was in no proper
sense either accessory to or security for the
confederacy, and in the intercourse between
the two nations she never has been so treated
or regarded. She was a neutral Power. As
a neutral she disregarded certain duties which
the laws of nations devolve upon neutrals.
By reason of such disregard of those duties
certain of our citizens, and our Government
itself as well, suffered damage. And from the
beginning the claims that were made by our
Government upon Great Britain were claims
of the United States for the damages which
