1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
at Washington, and that authority be given for the
settlement of these claims by the United States, so
that the Government,shall have the ownership of
the private claims as well as the responsible control
of all the demands against Great Britain.
" It cannot be necessary to add that whenever her
Majesty's Government shall entertain a desire for a
lull and friendly adjustment of these claims the
United States will enter upon their consideration
with an earnest desire for a conclusion consistent
with the honor and dignity of both nations."
Mr. POTTER. That is to say, before the
Government enters into the treaty for the set-
tlement of the Alabama claims, the President
recommends to Congress that the Government
shall itself buy these private claims, so it may
itself own these private claims as well as the
national claims subsequently disallowed, in
order to have the responsible control of all
the demands against Great Britain.
Again, Mr. Speaker, in the message of
last December, after the award was made,
the President uses the following language to
Congress:
The Clerk read as follows:
"It will be the province of Coneress to provide
for the distribution among those who inay be en-
titled to it of their respective shares of themoiiey to
be paid. Although tho sum awarded is not payable
until a year from the date of the award, it is deemed
advisabl e that no time be lost in making a proper ex-
amination of the several cases in which indemnifi-
cation may be due."
Mr. POTTER. And yet, sir, the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bcti.br] comes here
to-day and says, "Oh no, the Government is
under no obligations to distribute anything for
these private claims." True it has been presing
them for nine years past, having begun in 1803,
to collect and forward to Great Britain proofs
of them, and continued to collect and for-
ward such claims down to 1872 ; true it made
a treaty with Great Britain for submitting
these claims to arbitration, to which arbitra-
tion it presented them with voluminous proofs,
and together also with certain national claims.
Before this tribunal the Government has had
a hearing, and the national and part of the
private claims have been disallowed. Then the
tribunal went into a calculation as to the value
of the private claims to be allowed and awarded
that value. And yet after all the gentleman
thinks the Government is not bound for these
private claims so collected, because in 1871,
eight years after we began to present such
claims, the Secretary of State wrote to the
Government agent and to its counsel that they
were not in their arguments to commit the
Government in reppecl to the distribution of
this money. Of course, therefore) the counsel
did nothing to so commit the Government.
And I do not base any judgment of mine as to
the duties of the Government on what the
counsel did in that regard. I found my con-
clusion of the duty of the Government on the
fact the claims for private injuries were pre-
sented to the tribunal by it with the proofs
to sustain the claims, and that such, clainis
for private injuries were allowed by the tri-
bunal ; and I say that under a treaty for set-
tling by arbitration all Alabama claims, which
embraced as well claims for private as tor
public injuries, when the Government has pre-
sented all such claims and also its public claims,
and certain of the private claims have been
disallowed, while the other private claims have
been allowed, the Government as to the pri-
vate claims so presented by it is a trustee tor
the,private claimants, no matter how many
letters may have been written by the Secre-
tary of State or by anybody else to.its counsel
not to commit the Government by their argu-
ment It is not what counsel said that ga,ve
the claimants any rights. These rightsi arise
from their own claims having been presented
by and allowed to the Government, and will be
perfect the moment the Government receives
navment of the award. .
Indeed, this bill and the committee s report
treat the owners of property destroyed as the
most meritorious claimants to the fund. UD
viously because every man's mind instinctive j
recognizes the equity there is when you havL
collected money for particular losses to pay it
to the pe pie who have suffered those losses.
This bill provides that the money awarded
shall be paid in the first place to the uninsured
owners, of vessels destroyed, and for their car-
goes, freight, and the like. To that 1 agree,
for it was collected for them. But beyond
that, the committee propose to distribute the
fund in a direction in which I think it ought
not to go. They propose out of the balance
of this money, after paying owners and car-
goes, to pay with it the losses to which they say
the citizens of the country have been subjected
by increased war premiums of insurance, and
the losses of the insurance companies on an
aggregation of their whole war premium ac-
count.
It has been urged that it was not patriotic to
pay these increased war premiums, that the
insurer in paying an increased war premium
did not trust the Government, and that not
having done so he should not be refunded
his premium. In my view there is no force in
that objection. On the contrary, it was a per-
fectly proper proceeding. Insurance is an
arrangement by which a man who has prop-
erty about to be subjected to a hazard which
he is himself unwilling to bear, goes into an
arrangement with others to divide the hazard
with him. It is not made for the benefit of
the very rich. The very rich are those who
do not generally insure. In ordinary phrase,
they are their own insurers. It is an arrange-
ment for the benefit of people of moderate
means, which no man makes except of his
own volition on terms satisfactory to himself.
And since commerce has risks, anything which
tends to lessen and divide those risks is in the
interest of commerce and not against it.
But this money was collected for particular
losses on particular vessels. Undoubtedly, as
regards the premiums paid for the risks on
those particular vessels, the owners may have
their money back again. But, in respect of
the premiums paid on the vessels which were
not allowed for, those premiums have no more
relation to this fund, and no more claim upon
it than the losses of a man in Louisiana or
Arkansas because of the war.
And more than that, such identical claims
for increased war premiums were presented by
our Government to the tribunal at Geneva.
They were considered by that tribunal, and
were rejected as not claims that could be re-
covered for under this treaty. _ Oil the con-
trary, the money awarded was given for certain
other specific losses. And how can you take the
money awarded for such other losses and give
it, not to the persons for whose losses it was
awarded, but for premiums of insurance not
allowed, and actually rejected by the tribunal?
It has been urged that, inasmuch as the in-
surers received from those war risks, upon
which they made no loss, enough to reimburse
tbern for all their losses by reason of the de-
structions by these cruisers, the persons so reim-
bursing them were the real losers, and ought
to succeed to that portion of the recovery tor
which the owners had been already paid by the
insurers. .. _ , . ,
But even if the right to this fund was to be
decided only by determining upon whom the
injury from Great Britain's remissness ulti-
mately rested, we should find that the assured
added the increased war premium to the cost
of their goods, so that that loss fell not upon
them but upon the purchasers from them,
by whom, in turn, the goods were distributed
to, and the loss shifted upon, the unknown
consumer. Thus we should be compelled to
sav that no persons capable of identification
suffered loss by reason of these depredations,
and should then be forced, after paying the
uninsured owners, to cover the money into
the Treasury instead of distributing it m the
manner proposed by the report of the com-
txiittee '
So with regard to the payment to the itisui-
i ance companies of the losses upon their entire
war premium account, it is to be objected
that, in respect of any war risks except those
upon the vessels and cargoes destroyed by the
said confederate cruisers, for which the award
was made, the insurance companies have no
more claim upon this fund than any other citieen
who came to losses during the war. There is
nothing in the nature of an insurance com-
pany which has suffered nothing by the depre-
dation of these cruisers that should entitle it
to be paid out of a fund specially awarded to
pay for these depredations. The fact that a
company may have managed its business
badly, and come to loss, can give it no claim
upon a fund awarded for depredation by thPBe
cruisers, if it suffered no loss by reason of such
depredations. Neither can I see how, if it
did suffer loss by such depredations, it should
be excluded from the fund because, by good
fortune or by wise management, it made good
such losses out of other assurance.
The fund was not paid to cover the bad for-
tune or the unwise management of its business
by any citizen. It was paid for particular
vessels and cargoes destroyed by these cruis-
ers. What claim, then, can any citizen have
to the fund, except to the extent in which he
was interested in tho vessels and cargoes so
destroyed, and represented by the fund ? On
the other hand, how can the profit the in-
surers made on other transactions, having no
connection with the losses allowed for, debar
them from that recovery to which, upon well-
settled principles of equity, they are entitled ?
The difference between the Senate bill and
the House bill is that the Senate bill, like the
House bill, makes provision for the payment,
of the owners of uninsured property, but de-
bars those insurers who have paid losses.
But the Senate bill leaves the balance of the
money to be covered into the Treasury, while
the House bill takes the balance of the money
and gives it to these two classes to which 1
have just referred, and who, I think, have no
rights to it and arc in no way entitled to it.
The question, therefore, remains, after hav-
ing fully paid the citizens who owned vessels
and freights and cargoes their losses by these
cruisers not already paid them by the insurers,
is there any one else entitled to be paid out of
this fund? The insurers say, "We have paid
a portion of the value of these vessels and car-
goes to the owners ; since you do not pay I lie
owners of destroyed property what, you have
collected for that property where we have
already paid them, pay us instead out of the
fund the sum so paid by ns, and on that,
account reserved by you."
Hero let me refer to the difference between
a marine and an inland insurance company.
Marine companies make insurances under
which, when the damage to the thing insuied
exceed half its value, the. assured may, if ho
prefer, instead oi recovering his mere damage,
abandon the properly to the insurer, claim from
the insurer tho iigreed value and leave the in-
surer to take the property and everything to
be got because of it. If 1 own a ship and go
to you, Air. Speaker, to insure it, and we
choose to agree to value it at jjj,50,000, and 1
pay the premium you fix for the risk then,
whenever in case of injury 1 see fit to ,say, 1
abandon this ship to you," you will then be
bound, no matter what its true value is, to pay
me over the agreed $50,000, and you then take
what is left of the thing, the wieck and every-
thing possible to be got from or made out oi
the wreck.
From the nature of insurance the rate ol
premium must lie determined by the risdc of
loss. It must therelore always depend not
onlyupon the risk of injuiy to the rem, insured,
but also upon the chances ot recovery, either
from or becauseofthe injury. It an insurance
company were to insure a bark and ciugo
against collision, and a steamer were negli-
gently to run down the bark at sea, the insut
auce company, upon paying the owners for
the bark and cargo thus sunk, would be en-
