104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Mr. BOREMAN. Seventy-five thousand
dollars on one and seventy thousand on the
other. There were two different kinds of boats.
The Court of Claims took it upon them-
selves—I do not know why, and not hav-
ing recently read the opinion, although I
have made myself very familiar with it here-
tofore. I do not recollect now why it was—to
investigate this subject as upon the quantum
meruit, as the lawyers say, to see what this
man. according to their notions, would be
eutitled to if you would reduce it down to the
precise value of these boats, I suppose with-
out taking into consideration the peculiar
circumstances by which he was surrounded.
They say he would be entitled to $39,000 ; but
they do not decide upon that; they do not
hold themselves bound by that. That same
court that asserts that fact goes on and
gives him a judgment lor the whole contract
price—$112,000. That court held that the
contract was binding upon the Government,
that it was not to be repudiated because this
quartermaster stuck it in his pocket, or threw
it in a drawer and did not put bis name to it.
The Court of Claims held that it was a con-
tract, and neither the Court of Claims nor the
Supreme Court have ever said that it was
not a contract, as I recollect. So that that
matter about there being no contract is out
of this case. There was a contract sub-
stantially, and we cannot afford to say there
was not.
Now, why should npt Mr. Adams, like any
other citizen of the country who makes a con-
tract with the Government, have his contract
price ? Simply because the Court of Claims
went to work and said that if he got the value
of the boats as it appeared to them it would
be $39,000, not allowing him any profits, not
allowing him for his time and the circumstan-
ces under which he was situated, away from
home, among strangers, purchasing his timber
there as best he could. Under all these cir-
cumstances he is not to have any profit, and
Senators here talk as if we all did our work
without any profits in this country, that we en-
ter into contracts to build boats and houses
and railroads and the like without the expect-
ation of making anything by it. Is that the
course we pursue in this country ? Very few I
of us I apprehend would be very successful if
that was the rule of conduct. We allow in
this country and we all demand for ourselves
a reasonable .profit upon our labor, upon the j
investment of our capital; but simply because ,
this citizen of the country made some little j
profit upon his exertions to help the Govern-
ment, upon his investment, therefore his profit
is to be rejecte'd.
But, sir. I do not understand that this whole
sum of $73,000 is clear profit. I do not agree
with the Senator from Indiana that the case
will show that. That may be his judgment on
the whole case, but my judgment is otherwise.
I say that Mr. Adams was entitled to pay for
his exertions ; he is entitled to be paid for his
participation in this work from day to day,
for the nights that he spent, and the efforts that
he made, more than ordinary, as the evidence
shows, to complete this work and to help the
Government in the war. There are a great
many men who made contracts with the Gov-
ernment during the war and made much greater
profits than even those that have been esti-
mated here ; yet they have been paid. But
here is a man who had a solemn contract with
the Government to perform a certain work at
a specific price. He did his work, to which
there is no objection. There is no allegation
of fraud, no suggestion of fraud, no complaint
that any injustice was done ; but simply be-
cause under stress of circumstances he was
compelled to sign a receipt under a solemn
protest, he is now to be concluded.
I think this Government cannot afford to do
any such thing. It is a contract. If Mr.
Adams made some little profit he is entitled
to it. We all work for a profit; and I shall
not myself agree, if he did make some small
profit that he shall be put off from that. This
was a considerable contract, amounting to
about $350^000. Suppose he got $70,000 of
profit, what per cent, would that be? 1 think
it would not be a very large per cent, on
this contract according to the way contracts
are made with the Government, even if you
estimated it at that; but according to my
judgment that estimate is entirely too high.
I did not intend to detain the Senate as long
as I have. Indeed, I did not intend to say one
word about this matter until it seemed to
me that great injustice was about to be done
this man, that we were about to repudiate a
solemn contract notwithstanding it was per-
formed thoroughly upon his part.
It is said that this is an appeal from the
courts of the country. I deny it. The Court of
Claims has given this man this whole amount,
and why was not that affirmed by the Supreme
Court? Simplj, as I understand it, upon
technicalities. The fact is before the Senate.
I call it a technicality. It is very nearly that.
Other Senators say it is matter of substance.
It may be. It does not make any matter
whether it is or not; the fact is before us, that
under a protest, under the circumstances we
have had narrated, Mr. Adams signed this
receipt, and there the Supreme Court cut him
off without an investigation of the merits
of the case. We are not appealing from
that decision. We propose to say, notwith-
standing he signed that receipt we will pay
him what is justly due him under his con-
tract. I say the Government cannot afford to
take away from this man what it agreed to pay
him simply because it forced him to sign a re-
ceipt, for it amounted to force. He did not
willingly sign that, receipt, according to my un-
derstanding of this case. It was because of
the peculiar circumstances by which he was
surrounded, with his creditors at his -back,
that he signed it. For one I cannot afford to
cut him off from what is due him simply be-
cause he signed that paper.
Mr. HOWE obtained the floor.
presidential election in louisiana, etc.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to offer a
Senate resolution that it is important should
be acted upon to-day. I ask to have it read.
It will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin yield to the Senator
from Indiana?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the resolution be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
Reoolved, That the sum of $20,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be appropriated out of
the contingent fund of the Senate to defray the ex-
penses to be incurred by the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections in making the investigations
required by the resolution of the Senate of January
7,1873, into the recent elections in Louisiana and
Arkansas; and that the persons employed by them
to take testimony be clothed in taking the same with
the same authority possessed by the committee in
the premises.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say just one
word. The committee have had a meeting and
it will be impossible to send sub-committees
to these States, for if they send a sub-com-
mittee to Louisiana and another to Arkansas
there will be none of the committee left
here to transact the important business now
before us. We have therefore decided, in
accordance with the terms of the resolution, to
employ proper persons to go there and make
these examinations, and for that purpose
money and authority are required. As it is
important that this examination shall be made
immediately, if made at all, we propose to go
about the business at once. Therefore I ask
the consideration of the resolution now.
Mr. HOWE. Let the latter part of the
resolution be reported again, that about giving
authority.
The Chief Clerk.
resolution reads :
The latter part of the
And that tho persons employed by them to take
testimony bo clothed in taking the same with tho
stune authority possessed by the committee in the
premises.
Mr. MORTON. Giving them the power to
send for persons and papers.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to suggest to the
Senator from Indiana whether by a Senate
resolution we can confer any authority upon
those agents. Is there not some question
about that?
Mr. MORTON. There may be some ques-
tion about it. I have heard some doubt sug
gested, but I think perhaps the doubt is not a
very great one. If there should be any trouble
in regard to the matter, if there should be any
refractory persons down there, we shall simply
send for them here and examine them. They
will understand that if there should be any
trouble, but I presume there will be none, and
I think there is not any reasonable doubt about
the power.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Indiana whether his com-
mittee has determined that it would not be wise
to send for so many witnesses—as many wit-
nesses as may be necessary to determine this
question—to come here?
Mr. MORTON. We have considered that
question.
Mr. CONKLING. Do you not think it could
be done?
Mr. MORTON. We think it would make it
a very expensive proceeding.
Mr. CONKLING. It would of course be
expensive to bring a large number, but it
occurred to me that there might be and must
be persons in Louisiana who know all the
essential facts, and who do not constitute a
very large number. However, I only meant to
inquire of the Senator whether they had con-
! sidered and determined that question.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
| from Indiana asks unanimous consent to con-
i sider the resolution which has been read at
j the present time. Is there objection? The
! Chair hears none, and the resolution is before
! the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am very
unwilling to even make a suggestion about a
resolution of this character reported from the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, but I
deem it my duty to do so. It will be a very
brief one. The committee, I hope, will ap-
point as commissioners to go to these States
men of the highest character and capacity they
can obtain for that service, and sueh men must
be paid, and if they are professional men who
leave their business for that purpose they must
be paid a sufficient compensation to secure fheir
services. I do not imagine there will be much
taking of testimony of witnesses, or purging
of the poll, or the going into an investigation
to any very great extent of that character, so
as to require a very large expenditure of money
for any such purpose as that. In that, how-
ever, I may be mistaken.
But it is necessary that these commissioners
shall be persons in whom the country has con-
fidence, and whose report to the committee
will command the respect of the American
people-as well as the respect of the Senate. I
hope, therefore, that sufficient inducement will
be held out to get such men ; and in view of
that fact, the suggestion which I rose to make
was that the chairman ask for a larger sum than
$20,000, which, in my judgment, is totally in-
adequate. I do not feel at liberty to move to
amend the resolution myself, as it is a report
from a committee ; but my own judgment is
that it had better be twice that than $20,000.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am exceed-
ingly anxious that this investigation should be
made, and should be very glad at once to vote
for this resolution, but for the apprehension
that I entertain that the Senate in adopting
this resolution would be exceeding its author-
