68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
James River and Kanawha Canal—Mr. Duke.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
SUMMARY OP THE GENERAL ADVANTAGES OF THIS
ROUTE.
It has been shown that the more northern
routes are for several months during each year
sealed up by the " frost king," and that when
this is the case the railroads combine to put
up the price of freight, thus compelling the
farmer to give these roads one bushel of wheat
or two of corn for each bushel that is taken
to market. It has also been shown that the
Virginia water route is not subject to this
drawback to the lake route except to a very
limited extent. This Virginia route connects
the Atlantic with that vast system of inland
navigation furnished by the Mississippi and
its tributaries, which extends over sixteen
thousand miles. It runs through the heart of
the country, and its use does not depend upon
the will and pleasure of any prince, potentate,
or Power except " God and the American peo-
ple. '' It passes by the most extensive and easily
worked coal-fields in America. It taps salt
wells which afford brine in sufficient quantity to
furnish salt for the entire country. It glides
around the base of mountains in which lie
embedded inexhaustible supplies of iron ore
of the best quality. It debouches at a point
on the Atlantic midway between the north-
eastern point of Maine and the Florida capes,
into a harbor with sufficient depth of water to
float the largest vessel ever constructed, with
a capacity equal to the accommodation of the
navies of the world, and with a- clear outlet
into the Atlantic. From this harbor a system
of inland coast navigation is partly opened,
and could soon be completed along our entire
Atlantic coast. Now can all this be said of
any other route from the West to the sea-
board ?
CANALS ARE NOT BEHIND THE SPIRIT OP THE AGE.
It is said by some that canals are behind
the spirit of the age, for tile reason that they
are "too slow." Now, I am prepared to
admit fully that this is a "fast age," and that
we are preeminently a " fast people." But the
fact cannot be denied that, notwithstanding
the righteous self-denial of many of our great
in en, the love of money still exists among us,
consequently cheapness is to be considered as
well as speed. Now, it is admitted that trans-
portation by rivers and canals is much cheaper
than by railroads. In the transport of bulky
articles, such as iron, coal, salt, and all agri-
cultural commodities, speedy transportation
is less important, than cheap freights. On the
other hand, in the transport of merchandise,
where the value is greater in proportion to
bulk, rapid transit, without much regard to
cost, is demanded.
The competition caused by a system of river
and canal navigation is the true and only means
of preventing the combination of railroads and
extortion upon the people. The fact is that a
canal near one of the great trunk lines of rail-
road leading from the West to the East is an
advantage to the road. The one supplements
the other. The canal relieves the railroad from
the transportation of heavy and cheap articles
which do not pay well on railroads. Canals,
by furnishing cheap transportation, cause a
rapid increase in the productions of the mine,
the forest, and the farm, and the increase of
these productions increases population and
stimulates the consumption of manufactures:
so that what the railroad loses in the trans
portation by the canal of bulky articles, is
more than made up in the increase trom pas-
sengers and the transportation of merchandise ;
and I am satisfied that the completion of our
canal by the side of the Chesapeake and Ohio
railroad, which has just been finished, will
increase instead of diminish tne earnings of
that road; and I learn that the distinguished
president of that road, Mr. Huntingdon, is of
the same opinion.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTION.
I have but a word to say on this question.
After the exercise of those enormous powers
by the dominant party during the continuance
of the war and since its close which were
claimed to have been exercised under the
Constitution, I apprehend that no man of that
party will so far stultify himself as to contend
that he has any conscientious scruples as to
the constitutionality of carrying out such a
work. To the Democratic party I have only
to say: many of you were war Democrats and
went along with the dominant party in the
prosecution of the war, and think that you
did your full share of the fighting. All of
you were impotent to prevent the destruction
of four or five billions of southern property.
All of you have been and are committed to
the payment of the principal and interest of
the debt of three or four billions contracted
in this process of destruction. Can you not
now agree to spend a few millions in building
up? You have professed to be our friends.
We have believed you. Now we want some-
thing more than professions of faith. We want
works, for " faith without works is dead."
WHAT VIRGINIA PROPOSES TO DO.
The State of Virginia has spent more than
$10,000,000 in the prosecution of this work.
Owing to the enormous losses sustained by her
people during the war, she finds herself unable
to complete it. She has thus far declined to
dispose of it to private parties; she asks no
subsidy for a corporation to be managed in
the interest of a few individuals; she makes
a tender of it to the General Government, and
asks that it may be completed, not for the ben-
efit of a few, but for the advantage of the
whole country. She asks that when it is- com-
pleted a moderate rate of tolls may be fixed
sufficient to keep it in repair, pay the interest
011 the outlay, and provide a sinking fund
which shall gradually repay the cost of con-
struction. and when this last is paid no more
tolls shall be collected than may be sufficient
to keep it in good working order. In this
way it will in a comparatively short space
of time become a great free national water-
way, open to all the citizens of this great
Republic at all seasons, and under every pos-
sible contingency.
CLAIMS OP VIRGINIA UPON THE NATIONAL GOVERN-
MENT.
In the year 1777 George Rogers Clark, who
had a short time before that removed from
Albemarle county to Kentucky, having come
to the conclusion that the best mode of de-
fending Kentucky was to give employment to
the enemy elsewhere, and having ascertained
that the Continental Congress would spare
neither the men nor the means—
"Laid his plan before Patriok Henry, then Gov-
ernor of Virginia, who at once foil in with it.
Clark was commissioned a colonel in the service of
Virginia, and was authorized at the expense of that
State to raise a sufficient force, was furnished with
■61,200 in currency, and by secret instructions was
directed to carry out the plan conceived by him. In
Juno, 1778, ho set outfrom the falls of the Ohio with
two hundred and fifty men, and succeeded in cap-
turing Kaskaskia and other ports, and conquered
Illinois and the Wa.b<ii>h settlements; and in October
Virginia organized this territory into the county of
Illinois, and the next year Colonel John Todd was,
at Clark's request, sent out as civil Governor.'
Hon. Charles J. Walker, of Detroit, in an
address before the Historical Society of Wis-
consin, from which the foregoing facts are
taken, thus concludes his interesting account
of this conquest:
" The conquest of Illinois and the subsequent cap-
ture of Hamilton constituted a turning point in the
history of the Northwest. By these events, and by
these alone, was the northwestern boundary of the
new American Union removed from tile Ohio to the
great lakes. Nowhere else did the Americans have
a foothold in the territory comprising these great
States, and except for George Rogers Clark and his
victories the Northwest would have been to-day a
British-Canadian colony. Bat this result was antici-
pated by Jefferson,* who wrote to Clark expressing
his interest in the proposed expedition, and predict-
ing that, if successful, it would have an important
bearing ultimately in establishing our northwestern
boundary.
"All honor, then, to George Rogers Clark, and to
Virginia, worthy of her name'of' Mother of States,'
who sent him forth, and then nobly ceded the terri-
tory, thus snatched by her from the oommon enemy,
to the whole Union, and devoted it to freedom.'
In the vear 1780 the Continental Congress
pressed Virginia to surrender this vast domain,
now comprising the States of Ohio, "Indiana,
Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin, to the Gen-
eral Government, reminding her that such a
cession—
"Was indispensably neoessary to establish the
Federal Union on a fixed and permanent basis, and
on principles acceptable to all its respective mem-
bers; essential to the publio credits and confidence:
to the support of our Army; to the vigor of onr
councils and the success of our measures; to our
tranquillity and to our reputation abroad; to our
presentsafetyandfutureprosperity; andtoourvery
existence as a free, sovereign, and independent
people."
To this appeal Virginia listened, and granted
the request" on the following conditions, among
others ;
"That the lands within the territory so ceded
should be considered as a common fund for the use
and bonefitof all theStates, I Virginia included,) and
should be faithfully ;ind bona Jide disposed of for no
other use or purpose whatever,"
And in the ordinance of 1787 it is declared:
"That the navigable waters leading into the Mis-
sissippi and St. Lawrence, and the carrying places
between the same, shall be common highways and
forever free, as well to the inhabitants of the said
teriitories as to tho citizens of the United States,
and those of the other States that may be admitted
into the Confederacy, without any tax, impost, or
duty therefor."
Nearly two hundred million acres of land
have been given to railroads and canals. In
addition to this, immense quantities of the
public lands have been set apart for schools
and colleges. Much of the land thus given
away consists of the land acquired by Virginia
and ceded to the General Government, and
yet not one acre has ever been applied to the
use of Virginia. She now asks that some
equivalent may be made her for this conces-
sion of inestimable value to the Union.
Her Representatives in her name demand
that a portion of that fund which has gone
into the common Treasury from the sale of
these lands shall be applied to the comple-
tion of this great work, which she has ever
considered of more importance than any other
within her borders, and that this may be done
not for her own interest alone, but for the inter-
est of the whole country, and especially for
the interest of that magnificent domain which
she ceded to the Federal Government because
such cession was deemed "essential to our
very existence as a free, sovereign, and inde-
pendent people."
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I trust the
Congress of the United States will not hesi-
tate to accept the tender now made by my
noble State. In this, our new Atlantis, are
fruits more valuable than the golden apples of
the Hesperides ; no Antzeus bars the way ; no
dreaded dragon guards the gate; we need
but stretch forth our hand to grasp them, and
when gathered soon will they be restored more
valuable than before.
Should I be able to contribute something to
the accomplishment of this grand enterprise,
I shall retire to private life with the proud
consciousness that my political career, brief
though it has been, has contributed somewhat
to make glad the waste places of my native
State, to build up her cities, to relieve -her
people from the burden of debt and taxation
which now oppresses them, to rekindle in the
hearts of her children something of their old
* George Rogers Clark was born in Albemarle
county, Virginia, about three miles from the birth"
place of Thoiuas Jefferson.
