1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
titled not only to whatever it eonid fish up
from the wreck, but be entitled also to recover
against the steamer which wrongfully caused
the.disaster, the damage sustained. Just so,
if the company were to insure goods which
were lost by the negligence of the carrier, they
would be entitled, having paid the loss, to re-
coyer for his negligence from the carrier, the
same as the owner would have done. And
this has been extended to the case of carriers
upon Ijind. (Hall vs. Railroad Company, 13
Wall., 367.) So, had the loss resulted from
the fault of the master instead of the carrier,
when the insurer paid the loss the master
would then become liable to the insurer. So
wl-.ere municipal authorities have directed
private buildings to be destroyed to prevent
the spread of fire, the insurance companies,
where they have paid the losses on the build-
ings thus destroyed, have been allowed to re-
cover from the municipalities. In all these
cases no assignment or transfer by the insured
was necessary. They all. proceed upon the
general, well-established principle that the in-
surer who satisfied the owner assured becomes
thereby the owner, and having paid the loss,
succeeds, because of payment of the loss, to
all the rights of the owner whom he has paid.
And in none of these cases has it ever been
suggested that because the whole business of
the insurance company had been profitable,
because its aggregate premiums upon vessels
or houses that had not been destroyed had
largely exceeded its loss upon the particular
vessel or house destroyed, it should not
recover from those who had occasioned the
loss. Neither has it ever been suggested that
the owner who had recovered from the insur-
ance company could be twice paid because
his first payment had come from an insurer
who did a profitable business, nor tljat the
wrongdoer should escape because the loss was
to fall upon those whose business was so profit-
able that, even if not compensated for the loss,
they would have something left. Such con-
siderations indeed would apply equally well to
the original owner of the ship or the goods as
to the insurer. A man with many vessels on
the seas may well make a profit upon his ag-
gregate business, although one of them fall a
prey to an enemy's cruisers. Nay, there might
be cases where the valueof a merchant's goods
by the vessels which escaped .would be so
enhanced by the existence of enemy's cruisers
on the sea, that even after deducting his par-
ticular loss by the vessel which fell a prey to
the enemy, a profit, because of the very exist-
ence of the cruisers, may have resulted. In
such a case the loss by the vessel destroyed
would be distributed among the consumers of
the goods. But even in such a case, could it
be pretended that because of his other profits
the owner had no claim for the ship he lost?
His was the vessel destroyed ; his, therefore,
the right to indemnity for such destruction,
whatever the result of his other ventures may
have been. And whatever right to indemnity
for such destruction he may have will pass to
his assignee, to his executor or administrator,
and will so pass, whatever the nature or result
of their other ventures or business may be.
Now the committee have not only disregarded
this well-settled principle of equity and rule
of property, but they have even reversed it,
and have actually forbidden, by the proviso at
the end of the second section of their bill, any
recovery by an insurance company, except
where it may hold an assignment for a special
consideration other than the payment of the
loss. In doing this, the committee must have
been governed by the assumption that the insur-
ers could not possibly have taken into con-
sideration, in fixing the rate of insurance on
their war risks, the spesrecuperandi from Great
Britain. This assumption the insurance com-
panies absolutely deny. Ou the contrary, they
say that such national recoveries are not with-
out many precedents, and that the right of the
insured in such cases, equally as in nny other
cases of recovery, to be subrogated where they
have paid the losses to the assured, was well
known and entirely settled both in this country
and in England, and uiuj3t therefore be pre-
sumed, to have entered, as it did in fact enter,
into their calculations to fix the war risks. .
History, the action of the insurance com-
panies, the action of our Government, and the
action of the Geneva tribunal itself, all sus-
tain the insurers in this position.
Prior to 1757 the king of Great Britain had
issued letters of reprisal against the Spaniards
for the benefit of his subjects, in consideration
of the losses they had sustained by unjust cap-
tures, and he appointed commissioners to dis-
tribute the produce of these reprisals among
the sufferers, and the commissioners would not
suffer the underwriters, but only the owners, to
make claims for the losses, although the owners
were already satisfied for their losses by the
underwriters. Lord Chancellor Hardwick (in
Randall cs. Cochran, 1 Vessey. sen. 98) declared
that the underwriters "had the plainest equity
that could be. That the person who originally
sustained the loss was the owner, but that after
satisfaction made to him the insurer was the
owner. So that after that time, whether the
goods were recovered in specie, or compen-
sation made for them to the original owner,
he thenceforward stood as trustee for the in-
surer." And this decision established the
English law upon that subject.
The same question was first presented in this
country by reason of losses growing out of the
Spanish spoliations. Vasse was an under-
writer on various vessels and cargoes captured
and carried into Spain. By the treaty of 1819
a commission was appointed which awarded a
sum on account of these captures, which was
paid in 1824. Thereupon the question arose
whether Vasse, the insurer, or the owners of
the vessels and cargoes thus captured, were
entitled to share in the award. The unani-
mous decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States was in favor of the insurer. The
opinion by Mr. Justice Story repeated the
general doctrines of the insurance treatises.
After approving the decisions in England,
and the cases in this country on the subject,
the court then declared that upon principle
they arrived at the same conclusion. They
added, " The right to indemnity for an unjust
capture, whether against the captors or the
sovereign, whether remediable in his own
courts or by his own extraordinary interposi-
tion and grants, upon private petition or upon
public negotiation, is a right attached to the
ownership of the property, and passes by ces-
sion to the use of the ultimate sufferer." " The
treaty with Spain recognized an existing right
to compensation in the aggrieved parties, and
did not, in the most remote degree, turn upon
the notion of a donation or gratuity. It was
demanded by our Government as a matter of
right, and as such it was granted by Spain."
This decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States had been preceded in New York
by a like decision of the New York supreme
court, delivered by Chancellor Kent, and was
followed by a similar decision in 1837 by the
then court of errors. In shortf in all the cases
that have arisen in the United States upon the
subject, whether in New York, Pennsylvania,
Louisiana, or the Federal courts, there has
been not c-.>ly no difference among the courts,
but not even a dissentby any judge in respect
of the natural right of the insurer, in case of
abandonment, to succeed to,every possible
claim of the assured upon payment of the
amount insured.
When, therefore, these insurance companies
came, during the war, to fix their insurance
rates, having before them this current of decis-
ions and the declarations of all the authori-
ties ou the subject, and the action of different
nations in that respect, they certainly were
likely to take into account, as they aver tbey
are ready to prove as matter of fact that tbey
did take into account in fixing the war risks, the
chance of recovering anything from Great
Britain. That they reduced their war risks
very little in the expectation of recovering
anything from Great Britain is likely. For at
that time it was most unlikely that we should
ever get anything from Great Britain for its
negligence. Thai we have at last got so much
does not, however, in any way militate against
the rights of the insurers to a portion of it cor-
responding to the losses they have paid on the
property for which losses this money was
awarded.
The truth is that our Government, for more
than eight years, presented to the Government
of Great Britain the claims of these insurers
exactly as they presented the claims of owners
of goods that were destroyed. They began in
January, 1863," with the claims of the New
York Mutual Insurance Company for losses on
the Brilliant; and from that day up to May,
1872, they continued to present claims by citi-
zens who had suffered loss. This large book,
which is the revised list of Alabama claims
presented to the tribunal in 1872, contains the
names of vessels destroyed and their owners,
the name§ of the owners of goods on board
these vessels, and the names of the insurance
companies who had insured the same. The
claims of owners and insurers thus presented
were in part allowed, including certain vessels
and cargoes destroyed belonging to the United
States. And as I have shown, these allowed
claims, at the mean valuation fixed by the tri-
bunal, is the amount of loss, and the only loss
by the United States or its citizens awarded by
the tribunal. Of the amount so awarded it is
a mere matter of figures and calculation how
much was for losses paid by the insurers. In
round numbers, I believe the amount of losses
they had paid and Succeeded to claim for was
some forty per cent, of all the losses allowed
for. At any rate it was a considerable portion.
When Great Britain came' to consider these
claims, not only did she admit in terms, as will
be seen by the British counter case, that the
insurers were entitled to recover, but insisted
that, as the insurance companies had on all
their other accounts made good their losses, the
tribunal should not allow the insurers interest
upon the losses they had paid and claimed for.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read an extract
from the argument of Sir Roundell Palmer on
that subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
" With respect to the insurance companies, it must
be remembered that against the losses which they
paid they received the Benefit of the enormous war
premiums .which ruled at that time; and that these
were the risks against which they indemnified them-
selves (and it cannot be doubted, so as to make
their business profitable upon the whole) by those
extraordinary premiums. Would it he equitable
now to reimburse them not only the amount of all
these losses, but interest thereon, without taking
into account any part of the profits which they so
received."
Mr. POTTER. So that the tribunal did
take into account the very considerations now
urged for not paying the insurers their losses. .
But notwithstanding that argument the tribu-
nal did allow not only such losses, but the
interest on the losses also. So that embraced
in the money which will be in the Treasury
when this award is paid will be the insurers'
portion of the claims allowed, as I have said,
at a mean valuation, with interest, proof of
which had been presented for them by our
Government to the tribunal, and upon which
it had recovered all the insurers had paid for
such 'losses. Our Government might in the
beginning have said to the insurers who came
to it for these losses—for it was the insurers
who set this whole movement to recover of
Great Britain in motion—that they had made
profit enough out 'of their business, and that it
would not, therefore, present and insist upon
their claims; that it would claim against Great
Britain for what may be termed national
losses, and leave these insurance companies
to prosecute their claims against Great Brit-
ain themselves. And having reference to that
