1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
friendly spirit which she says has inspired her
throughout this negotiation, there is no reason
to think that they would not have recovered.
It was stated as a matter of fact in our com-
mittee-room by the counsel for the insurance
companies, and fortified by a statement by the
gentleman from Massachusetts himself, that
negotiations were set on foot on the part of
Great Britain to pay the insurance companies
for these identical losses which the United
States presented and subsequently obtained
an award for, and which it is now proposed to
disallow. Whatever the fact may be in that
regard, the insurers had the right to present
their claims to Great Britain and invoke her
justice to make good the losses they had been
forced to pay because of her neglect. Instead,
our Government presented these claims for
the insurers, and, having made proof of them,
has collected the amount of them. Yet to-day
it is proposed by the Senate to cover the sum
so to be received into the Treasury, and pro-
posed in the House to pay it away to classes
of claimants to whom it was not awarded, and
to one of which the tribunal refused to award it.
Now, I say that is in violation of the simplest
principles of justice. A. citizen may be a cor-
poration, and entitled to no sympathy for loss.
Bat if you undertake to collect its claims and
do collect them, then, riot upon principles of
law or of legal equity, but upon the simple
principles of natural justice, you are bound to
account to it for what you have collected, not
for the reason that it should be favored, not
on any ground of merit, but simply because you
have received its money.
Mr. CARROLL. Is this treaty of Wash-
ington under which this award was made a bar
of all claims against Great Britain ?
Mr. POTTER. Yes ; the treaty declares in
terms that all losses in respect of which claims
should be presented before that tribunal shall
be forever treated as satisfied and ended by
the payment of the amount awarded and not
otherwise to be asserted.
Beyond this there is one further considera-
tion : what is due to Great Britain in respect
of this matter? We began ten years ago with
these insurers' claims; we presented them in
exactly the same manner as other claims; we
put them in our list; we insisted upon recovery
for them ; we demanded and obtained interest
upon them. Now we have an award for the
money. It is true we did tell our counsel
not to say anything before the arbitrators as
to how the money should be distributed;
and they said nothing upon that point. But
we urged these claims in 1871 when the treaty
was made, as well as before that when we
insisted upon a treaty covering them. We
obtained such a treaty. Under the treaty
we prosecuted these claims with proofs ; and
we are about to collect the money for them.
Now, if we do not pay this money over to the
persons for whom we collected it, why may
not Great Britain say to us, "What sort of
faith are you keeping with us ? Here are these
insurers whom we have agreed to satisfy
these insurers on behalf of whom you have
presented claims. If you did not think that
these claims ought to be satisfied, why did you
insist on them ? Why did you prove them as
claims of your citizens that ought to be satis-
fied ? Why did you take an award for them ?
You had no right so to swell your list of
private injuries, beyond the fact, in order that
when you obtained judgmeut from this tri-
bunal lor private injuries you would be able,
after appropriating one half or two thirds of
the award to the satisfaction of the injuries
allowed for, to have a large balance left to
cover into the Treasury for national injuries,
which had been rejected. Still less had you
any right to collect these claims for private
injuries, and instead of paying the collections
to the parties injured, of your own volition,
arbitrarily apply it on account of your rejected
national injuries." I say that as regards Great
Britain, as well as regards these insmers,
whose claims we have presented and had
allowed, but which we now propose to leave
unsatisfied, the action here proposed is a fla-
grantbreach of national faith, which can result
in nothing but the dishonor of the country.
Mr. Speaker, we hear a great deal said about
the decadence of American commerce and the
necessity for its revival. Now, the merchants'
of the country had supposed that the determ-
ination of the. Geneva tribunal was a. great
gain for the future in respect of foreign com-
merce. They expected that when another
great war should arise insurance .companies,
in view of this precedent established by Great
Britain, would reduce war risks because they
would be relieved from any risk arising from
the negligence of neutrals. If during our late
war it had been known that our citizens would
be able to certainly recover from Great Brit-
ain for the injuries resulting from her remiss-
ness, then, inasmuch as the danger to our
commerce arose largely from her remissness,
the war risks would have, been in a good de-
gree diminished. But now, when we have col
lected the money for the losses her negligence
occasioned, it is propqsed that we shall dis-
tribute it, not to the persons who suffered the
losses, but that we shall cover it into the Treas-
ury because in some other transactions these
parties may have happened to be fortunate.
The result of such action will be that when
the next great war breaks out your insurers
will say, " Now we must insure against the
remissness of neutrals, not as before with a
possible spes recuperandi, depending upon
the good faith of the nation which may have
been remiss, but we must insure without any
possible spes recuperandi, because our own
Government has declared that after it has
sought redress of the nation that was negli-
gent and has recovered for our injuries, in no
possible event will it pay the money'to us in
accordance with the losses we have suffered,
but will cover it into the Treasury on account
of national injuries it could uot get allowed,
or will pay it out to other persons without
regard to their relation to the losses recovered
for.
Mr. Speaker, Congress may now refuse the
payment of these claims for losses paid by the
insurer, and allowed by the tribunal, but it can-
not escape their presentation and consideration
hereafter. Therefore, I insist that we should
now select some independent tribunal and sub-
mit to it, not the mere determination ofamounts,
not. the question what persons are entitled to
particular sums, but the determination as to
what are the rights of the various claimants to
this fund. If the courts (which are the proper
tribunals to determine questions of private
right) should decide that upon principles of
natural justice and equity these insurers have
no claim upon this fund, then they are in the
condition of any other parties whose claims
are decided adversely by the court, and will
then indeed be without remedy. But for Con-
gress to seek to determine this question, and
determine it-erroneously as proposed in this
bill, would, 'it seems to me, be gross and flagrant
injustice.
My conclusion, sir, is then thatthis ques-
tion ought in some form to be remitted either
to a tribunal specially established, or to some
Federal court now existing, from which an
appeal can be taken to the Supreme Court of
the States id order that it may be determined,
upon principles of natural justice, to whom
this money belongs and what amount should
be awarded to each person.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I now desire to demand the previous
question, reserving half an hour for discussion
to-morrow morning.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, striking out from the bill any provision
for the payment to insurance companies ex-
cept for specific losses on vessels and cargoes
destroyed and allowed for by the tribunal, and
for payment of war premiums, and to substi-
tute therefor reference to a court of all claims
of the insurers for losses paid by them on such
vessels and cargoes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow that amendment to come in to be voted
on and to be considered as pending.
Mr. MONROE. I move the following
amendment: after the word " liable" in line
eighteen, section one,- insert the words "and
also include damage by,the Shenandoah before
it arrived at Melbourne."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
also allow that amendment to be pending.
Mr. EAMES. I move to strike out the
words " or cruisers for whose acts said arbitra-
tors have found the Government of Great
Britain liable" in lines sixteen, seventeen, and
eighteen of section orve, and insert in place
thereof the words "cruisers or vessels bearing
the confederate flag whose claims were pre-
sented to the tribunal of arbitrators under said
treaty."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow that amendment to be offered to be voted
on, and will now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. PETERS, (at
four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of sundry
citizens for the extension of the money order
system to small post oflices.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of R. S.
Harris, asking the seat of the second congres-
sional district of South Carolina in the Forty-
Second Congress.
Also, the petition of C. A. Hodges, Benja-
min Proctor, C. W. and J. Price, S. H. Harris,
jr., E. R. Knight, A. P. Ordway & Co., T.
C. Hardy, Charles F. Garchner, William A.
Guild, William R. Wright, J. P. True, Charles
F. Rogers, George A. Kimball, J. C. Hursell
& Co., and A. P. Selee, for the repeal of the
stamp tax on drugs, perfumes, proprietary
medicines, medicinal preparations, &e.
By Mr. BQLES: The memorial of Cane
Hill College, in the State of Arkansas, asking
compensation for college buildings destroyed
by United States troops.
By Mr. DUBOSE: The petition of sundry
citizens of Georgia, asking the repeal of the
stamp tax on drugs, perfumery, and proprie-
tary medicines.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of the mayor
and aldermen of the city of Bath, Maine, for the
enactment of a law authorizing taxation for
State and municipal purposes of foreign goods
imported and remaining in the injured cases.
By Mr. HIBBARD : The petition of George
R. White and 16 others, praying repeal of the
stamp duties imposed by schedule C.
By Mr. HOUGHTON: The petition of
druggists, perfumers, and others, citizens of
California, praying the repeal of that portion
of the internal revenue laws which imposes a
tax on their manufactures, and known as
schedule C.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of I.
Wilson, editor of the Courier, Newark, Wayne
county, New York, against amendment of
postal law.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of W. A.
Morgan and others, citizens of Kansas, against
change of law in reference to postage of cer-
tain classes of newspapers.
By Mr. LYNCII. The memorial of W. F.
Phillips & Co., and others, druggists of Port-
laud, Maine, asking the removal ol stamp duties
imposed by schedule C.
By Mr. MACINTYRE : The petition of Sol-
omons Co., and others, of Savannah, Geor-
gia, piaying a repeal ot that portion of the aet
