1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
ity. I doubt the capacity of the Senate to
clothe by its resolution a commission of
citizens outside of its own body with the power
to send for persons and papers, administer
oaths, and take such further proceedings as
may be necessary in the case of refractory
witnesses; and this is precisely what the
closing part of the resolution attempts to do.
It is said that if witnesses prove refractory on
account of this doubt, they may be brought
here by the proper action of the committee
itself: but the thing we are trying to do by
the resolution is to clothe the commissioners
with this power, and the Senate will certainly
recollect the grave question which was raised
before this body in the case of the committee
upon the insurrectionary States when they
attempted to delegate powers to sub-commit-
tees of their own number, and the inquiry
which was raised here went to the full extent
of the capacity of the Senate itself to do that.
Now, if we have not the power to clothe a
commission of citizens by resolution of the
Senate with these extraordinary powers, it
seems to me that it would be wiser not to
undertake to do it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to make one
remark in reference to the resolution. My
doubts are- in regard to the propriety of the
proposed action of the committee in sending
commissioners. I have no objection to the
fullest investigation, and by the resolution
which referred this matter to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, of course that
committee will be clothed with certain dis-
cretionary power as to what kind of testimony
they shall take. I think it would be more
satisfactory to the Senate if that committee
should take the testimony rather than have a
commissioner by them appointed to determine
the question as to the character and amount
of evidence to be taken on any particular point.
I shall certainly not oppose the resolution, but
I should prefer myself that the committee
should exercise all the discretion to be exer-
cised as to the character of testimony to be
taken and the amount to be taken on any par-
ticular point.
Mr. MORTON. I will simply say that these
persons appointed, if they are sent, will go
under instructions to be made out by the com-
mittee as to the course of examination.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, this reso-
lution is a striking illustration, of which there
are so many in life, of the different ways in
which persons regard things, and of the dis-
similar occasions for the same kind of solici-
tude. When yesterday, if it was yesterday,
we considered the original resolution, several
Senators were quite uneasy on both sides of the
Chamber lest by voting for it they should com-
mit themselves to some ulterior possible view
of what might be done with the information to
be gathered. Now a resolution is proposed
by the committee which cannot be adopted
without inevitably committing the Senate to
one view of a certain question involved in it,
and nobody seems to be especially disturbed
about committals or engagements or infer-
ences by the vote they give.
But I venture, as the humblest member of
the Senate, to say that I have great doubts of
the power of the Senate to authorize one of
its committees to select and authorize citizens
to go out as commissioners, or known by any
other name, and even administer oaths. It
has bean held that the President may nom-
inate commissioners to the Senate without
being authorised by law to do so, under the
general provisions of the Constitution which
allow him to send embassadors, public agents.
It has been held that the two Houses of Con-
gress may authorize commissions as other
law-making powers may do. But I know
of no instance in which it has been held that
one House of Congress might authorize one
of its committees in its discretion to send
men out to be entitled commissioners or
to exercise the functions of commissioners.
My belief is that if these commissioners shouM
be sent, and somebody is willing to go before
a notary public, or some other officer author-
ized to administer an oath, and take an oath,
and then deliver testimony to them, it would
be entirely competent for all parties to do
that. Whether peijury could be assigned of
' false testimony delivered on such an occasion
I do not know ; but that these commissioners
can go with power to issue process, to in any
way enforce that process, to compel submis-
sion to it, or even to administer to parties who
voluntarily appear before them an oath which
will be binding, and receive testimony which
would be perjury if false, I have great doubts.
Therefore, while I do not feel at liberty to
interpose an objection to a resolution which
has behind it the authority of one of the com-
mittees of this body, I have ventured to make
this much of a disclaimer, particularly after
hearing an expression of the solicitude felt by
members of this body so much older and
abler on a recent occasion when it seemed to
me that the danger of committal of a vote
was so very slight as compared with this.
Before taking my seat I venture to make
one other suggestion. While I cannot quite
agree with the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
manJ that it is unlikely that any considerable
amount of testimony need be gathered, I can
say it seems to me that the examination of
a few persons subpenaed duces tecum, sum-
moned to bring with them the various docu-
ments of which they have knowledge aud
notice, would probably bring before the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections the great
mass of fact which they will find it necessary
to have; and therefore, although the Senator
from Indiana says that the committee has
determined that the better way is not to
attempt the investigation in that form, I ven-
I ture, as part of my suggestion, to throw out
the idea that it is possible, after all, that a few
persons with the papers they would bring
would render it unnecessary, at least in the
first instance, to settle the question whether
we can delegate to a committee of the Senate
the discretionary power to create a commission
and send it out in States to take testimony and
exercise other functions.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have no
doubt whatsoever of the power of the Senate,
without any act of Congress at all, to clothe
a committee of this body with power to ad-
minister oaths and take testimony. That is a
power that the Senate must have.
Mr. CONKLING. There can be no doubt
of that.
Mr. THURMAN. Therecan be no doubt of
that, as the Senator from New York says. We
considered that matter when it was brought
to our attention by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] at the last session, I
believe, of Congress. But this is one thing,
and an attempt by the Senate to clothe persons
not members of this body with the power to
administer oaths and compel the attendance
of persons and the production of papers is a
wholly different thing, for certainly no com-
missioners appointed either by this body, by a
direct vote of the body, or by a committee of
the body can be considered a committee of
the Senate; they are simply commissioners.
I do not think that the Senate by its own act
can confer upon persons not members of the
Senate a power to administer oaths and com-
pel the attendance of persons and the pro-
duction of papers. That requires an act of
Congress, I think. I therefore would much
prefer that the chairman of the committee
would strike that out of his resolution. He
can bring in a bill instantly and it can be put
through by the time that he can select his com-
mission. By the time he can get proper men
to act as commissioners he can have a bill
passed through Congress that will clothe them
with the necessary power.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say just one
word. I have no objection particularly to
striking out that part of the resolution ex-
cepted to. I must, however, express a little
surprise at the objection made this afternoon,
inasmuch as the power embraced in this reso-
lution was substantially embraced in the o e
passed by the Senate yesterday without any
objection. That resolution reads as follows :
"And if the exigency of this service demands, the
said committee may appoint and employ suitable,
disinterested, and unprejudiced persons, not resi-
dent in either of such States, with authority to take
such testimony as may be material in determining
any pending contest growing out of the election of
electors in either of said States."
I supposed the question had been sub
stantially settled by the resolutiou adopted
yesterday.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will allow
me a moment, I wish to say I understood that
just as he does. I think it fairly imports that.
I think, however, others did not understand
it as carrying the power to administer oaths,
and like him I wondered yesterday that that
part of the resolution was not canvassed at all.
It struck me in the first place as it does him
now, that it intended what he construes it to
mean.
Mr. MORTON. I did not suppose there
would be any question upon that point, inas-
much as it had been embraced in the resolu-
tion already adopted.
I never understood it in
And I think others did
Mr. THURMAN.
that way.
Mr. CONKLING.
not.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that that latter
clause had better be stricken out, and I move
to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to strike out the concluding
clause of the resolution.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word
before the vote is taken on that motion. If
by striking out that clause the Seuate intends
to give a construction to the resolution adopted
yesterday denying the manifest power embraced
in it, the committee of course want to under-
stand it. If the Senate wish to be understood
as saying now that these persons thus appointed
shall not have that power, it is not wortn while
of course for us to send them ; the action of
the Senate would nullify their power in ad-
vance.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think that any
one adverted to the interpretation of the reso-
lution passed yesterday that is now mentioned.
The question now is simply one of power in
the Senate to confer on these commissioners a
right to administer oaths and compel the
attendance of persons and the production of
papers. That is a legal question which ought
to be decided correctly. I do not think that
power exists on the part of the Senate, as at
present advised. If I did I should most cheer-
fully vote for it. I have no doubt of the power
of the Senate to authorize the sending of these
commissioners to take testimony. I have no
doubt that they may provide that testimony
shall be taken by this committee or a sub-
committee, or that they may appoint commis-
sioners to take it. I have no doubt whatever
of the power of the Senate to do that; but
when it comes to clothing a third person with
a power that he does not now possess, and a
high power, too, that of administering oaths
and compelling the attendance of persons and
the production of papers and punishing for
contempt—not, however, of punishing for
contempt, for nobody would pretend that—a
committee of this body cannot punish for
contempt   
Mr. EDMUNDS. The body itself cannot
do that.
Mr. THURMAN. When it comes to such
high powers we must see that we have the
authority to do it. As at present advised it
seems to me we have not. Therefore, in order
that the sense of the Senate may be taken, 1
move to strike out the clause. It does not
follow that this investigation will not be had,
