1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
42d Cong....3d Sess,
Mexican Claims Commission—Mr. Storm.
Ho. of Reps;
love for the stars and stripes, and to bind them
anew to the Union, not by the galling chain of
force, but by the silver cord of prosperity,
peace, and plenty.
Mexican Claims Commission.
SPEECH OP HON. J. B STORM,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
February 14, 1873,
On the bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic service.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, the term
assigned for the duration of the United States
and Mexican joint claims commission in the
original convention or treaty expired on the
1st day February, 1872. The term was further
extended by a supplemental treaty for one
year and expired on the 31st day of January,
ultimo.
The labors of the commission had progressed
satisfactorily up to July last, when they
were brought to an abrupt termination by the
Mexican commissioner through the open vio-
lation of the terms of the treaty.
Mr. Francisco Gomes Palacio, the Mexican
commissioner, resigned, and was succeeded by
Mr. Leon Guzman, who presented his creden-
tials and entered upon the official discharge of
his duty on the 24th of June last.
Prior to the retirement of Mr. Palacio, on
the 8th of May, both the American and Mex-
ican commissioners had given their opin-
ions, disagreeing concerning the claims gen-
erically known as the "Indian depredation
cases," and on this day, the 8th of May,
by a formal order of the board at the time,
consisting of Mr. Palacio and Mr. Wadsworth,
duly entered upon the docket, the question, in
accordance with the terms of the treaty, was
referred to the umpire for his final decision.
After the entry of this order on the docket
the agent of Mexico made a motion before the
commission for the translation of all the papers
in these cases from the Spanish into the Eng-
lish language. This motion was never acted
upon by the board. Why these cases which
had on the 8th day of May been ordered to be
remitted to the umpire were not remitted,
or why on the 15th day of June they were still
in the hands of the Mexican secretary, whose
duty it was to have remitted them, has never
been explained.
On the 15th day of June Mr. Leon Guzman
demanded the papers from the Mexican sec-
retary, received them, and gave his receipt
for them, although at this time he had not
been formally installed as Mexican commis-
sioner.
On the 24th day of June, at the first inter-
view between Mr. Guzman and Mr. Wads-
worth, the former said to the latter in the
course of the conversation, that he would like
to be permitted to look over the papers in the
Indian depredation cases to see whether he
could not arrive at an opinion concurring with
that of the latter, and thus avoid the necessity
of transmitting them to the umpire. Mr.
Wadsworth assented to this. Where the ne-
cessity for this request was is not so clear,
since Mr. Guzman then had, and had had the
papers in his hands for some time before.
Mr. Guzman's opinion upon these cases dif-
fered more widely with that of Mr. Wadsworth,
if possible, than his predecessor's had done,
but upon entirely different grounds.
Upon this state of facts Mr. Wadsworth
insisted that the previous order of the board,
made before Mr. Guzman became a member
of it, should be carried into effect and the
papers transmitted to the umpire. Mr. Guz-
man refused to assent to this upon various
grounds which were continually being changed
during the discussion of the question. Mr.
Wadsworth then proposed that the question
as to whether the papers should be transmit-
ted to the umpire under the order of the board
of the 8th of May, or not, should be submitted
to the umpire; which was also refused by Mr.
Guzman, and the labors of the commission
were thereby brought to a dead-lock. The
whole of the correspondence which passed
between the commissioners upon this question
has been translated and is now in the posses-
sion of the State Department.
If Mr. Guzman's conduct at the time was
matter of surprise and indignation, subse-
quent developments have proved beyond all
peradventure that it was not only premeditated,
but that it was a preconcerted action of the
Mexican Government, in which Mr. Guzman
was but a willing instrument.
On the 20th of July last Mr. Guzman ad-
dressed his Government, giving an account
of the difficulties which had occurred at the
commission, the original of which and the
translation are in the hands of the State De-
partment. In this communication, Mr. Guz-
man makes use of the following language:
"In aeoordance with my views expressed to your
predecessor, (Mr. Mariscal,) and also to the Pres-
ident, although in more general terms, upon rny
arrival here (in Washington) I proceeded to examine
this question, and found that it was in a worse con-
dition even than I anticipated."
And a little further on in the same letter he
says "I deemed it to be my duty to stop the
commission on its roadand he did so.
In this same communication he refers to the
"formal opposition " of the agent of Mexico
to the remission of the papers to the umpire,
which explains the cause of the motion made by
the agent, for the translation of all the papers
into English, although the disguise in which the
opposition was presented would deprive it of
all claims to formality and rather stamp it as
a trick to gain time until Mr. Guzman could
carry out his views and the plans of the Mex-
ican Government.
From Mr. Guzman's letter to his Govern-
ment three very important facts become ap-
parent :
1. That Mr. Guzman had formed and ex-
pressed to his Government his opinions con-
cerning these cases, and that the pretense upon
which he requested the American commis-
sioner to allow him to look over them was a
fraud and a falsehood.
2. That the Mexican Government concurred
in this opinion.
3. That they sent him here to carry that
opinion out, knowing as they must have known
tliat the so doing was equivalent to the destruc-
tion of the commission.
The opinion entertained by Mr. Guzman
upon this question, and which his Govern-
ment, according to his statement, concurs in,
is that the commission has no jurisdiction over
the mattlr ; that until Mexico and the United
States have settled the interpretation of the
second article of the Mexican treaty the ques-
tion is without the jurisdiction of any com-
mission.
This action of the Mexican Government is
an expedient rendered necessary by the con-
dition of the country, and which I will attempt
to explain.
The Indian depredation claims are owned
and held by parties residing on the Rio Grande,
a part of Mexico whose allegiance to the Fed-
eral Government is of the slightest possible
character; it is in fact a part of Mexico but in
name. Now, the parties owning these claims
are among the more influential class upon the
frontier, and the expectation of some day
deriving something from these claims is the
incentive made use of by the Mexican Govern-
ment to keep them in the traces. As soon as
these cases were reached by the commission
and the decision with regard to them became
a foregone conclusion it was necessary for
Mexico to adopt some measures to keep them
alive, or at all euerrts not to have them
decided adversely, as the people on the fron-
tier would then have nothing to hope for from
the Government, and hence no reason to con-
tinue submissive to the Federal Government.
The conduct of the Mexican Government in
failing to ratify the treaty negotiated with M.
Mariscal in November last, extending the term
of the commission for two years longer; their
failure to remove M. Guzman, although re-
quested to do so by the United States, are all
clearly traceable to the same causes. In fact,
the condition of Mexico to day admits of no
rule but one of expedients. The only course
in the power of the Government is one which
will tide over the dangers and difficulties of
to-day. Let to-morrow take care of itself; or,
in other words, " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof."
Of the wrongs and sufferings inflicted upon
American claimants by the conduct of the Mex:-
ican Government the Government of the Uni-
ted States have but faint idea. Many of them
have invested their all in procuring and pre-
paring the proofs on their claims. Many of
them have had to Seethe country and abandon
what little they may have had to save their
lives for having made a claim at all, and it now
rests with the Government of the United States
to decide whether these wrongs and sufferings
shall be still further increased by all the cap-
tious and unjust delays which Mexican inge-
nuity can invent.
It is desirable to place the United States in
a position unquestionably right, and to throw
the onus of the violation of treaty obligations
entirely upon Mexico; and hence it, becomes
clearly proper that the Senate of the United
States should ratify the pending treaty, and
Congress make the appropriation to carry it
into effect.
A failure on either point would play into the
hands of Mexico and lose to the United States
the right to complain—would in fact be doing
what the United States now complains of Mex-
ico for having done. If after the United States
has put itself right upon the record Mexico
fails to ratify and send an acceptable commis-
sioner, the United States will then be in a
position to assert and enforce the rights of her
citizens.
Here is a statement of the claims as they
now stand, namely:
UNITED STATES AND MEXICAN JOINT CLAIMS COM-
MISSION.
Statement of the condition of the docket of Mexican
claims against the United tStatei. January 31,1873.
Total amount of claims on docket     913
Number decided 323
Number awarded    1^5
Number rejeoted 168
Number pending before umpire   366
Number disposed of by commission 689
Number pending before commission  225
Statementof the awards in favor of Mexicoantl against
the United States.
Currency         ....$81,120 28
Add approximate interest      5,000 00
Total 886.™ 28
UNITED STATES AND MEXICAN JOINT CLAIMS COM-
f MISSION.
Statement of the condition, of the docket of American
claims against Mexico, January 31,1873.
Total number of claims on docket „....1,018
Number decided.    260
Number awarded   . 53
Number dismissed 178
Number undecided   9
Number undecided 957
