70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
Ho. of Keps.
District Affairs—Mr. Roosevelt.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Statement of the amount of awards of the United
States against Mexico.
gold $154,197 00
Currency  226,509 75
Total principal ' 380,706 75
Add approximate interest  215,000 00
Total .$595.706 75
Mr. Speaker, it is evident then that Mexico
desires to withdraw from the arbitration, or
bring about such a state of things as to make
further arbitration impossible. Shall we not
only consent to her so doing, but absolutely
assist her in her plans? Shall we divest our-
selves of the right which we now have upon
our side, and invest ourselves with all and
more than the wrongs she has upon hers? If
such be our intention and aim, we could
scarcely find means more effectual for so
doing than to fail in our plain duty to our-
selves and our citizens in not keeping, by every
means in our power, the joint commission in
existence.
The Mexican docket is virtually exhausted
and decided. Of the two hundred and twenty-
five claims pending, one hundred and twenty-
four are what are known 4s the Bagdad claims,
and which may be dismissed ; and of the one
hundred and one remaining there are not, per-
haps, ten which have not been virtually dis-
posed of in other similar cases, and the remain-
ing ten too insignificant and trifling to merit
mention.
The condition of the American docket is,
it will be seen, totally different. But two hun-
dred and sixty cases are decided; there have
been fifty-three findings and one hundred and
seventy-eight dismissals, the award upon which
is, as above stated, $595,706 75•, while it is well
known that most if not all of the more import-
ant cases have been kept back by Mexico
through the action of her agent, Mr. Caleb
Cashing, who by the most unheard of system
of pettifogging, for fourteen months has been
able to paralyze the operation of the commis-
sion. Then, if we wish to secure the results
already reached our duty is plain.
Our deference to Mexico under her diffi-
culties, our support when her very existence
was threatened, and to which she owes what-
ever of life she may be possessed of, are mat-
ters of history. But there is a point at which
forbearance ceases to be a virtue, and further
deference becomes a crime. When our efforts
in her behalf are met with treachery; when
oar indulgence toward her shortcomings is con-
strued as indifference, surely the time has come
for the inauguration of a new policy.
Let the House pass the requisite appropria-
tion to carry on the commission ; let the Sen-
ate ratify the pending treaty for a continuance
of the time of the original treaty. Then, when
the Mexican Congress meets in April, let it
assume the responsibilities of rejecting the
stipulations for continuing the commission.
Then we will stand right before the world if
wc should be again compelled to draw the
sword to protect the rights of our citizens and
punish Mexico for the " Panic faith " she has
exercised toward a sister Republic.
District Affairs.
SPEECH OF IION.R.B.ROOSEVELT,
OF NEW YORK,
Ik the House of Representatives,
February 11, 1873.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the Army appropriation bill—
Mr. ROOSEVELT said:
Mr. Chairman : I thank my colleague [Mr.
Woon] for his kindness in yielding me the
floor. I also wish to express my obligations
to the House for permitting me an opportunity
to reply to aspersions and malignities the
grossnessof which has rarely and the untruth-
fulness of which .has never been exceeded.
For weeks past the press of this city has been
filled with all manner of abusive and scurril-
ous attacks upon me for my course of action
in reference to the Board of Public Works in
this District; for my efforts to expose the in-
iquities and outrages which are being perpe-
trated on the residents here, and the bold and
reckless way in which the money of the people
is being squandered by a ring of officials who
are appointed as a species of commission to
govern them, and whom they cannot remove.
I was fully prepared, in undertaking the
defense of the citizens of this District against
the Board of Public Works, to meet with
precisely the same treatment-that I had en-
countered when battling against the prototype
of this board, the Tammany ring in the city
of New York. I anticipated that I should be
blackguarded and vilified. I anticipated that
a servile press would be used against me in
every possible way, and that all the influences
which could be brought to bear by the board
would be exerted either to force me out of the
contest, or to compel others from whom I had
to receive information to cease furnishing me
with it. But, sir, I havo never yet been fright-
ened off by any such means.
We all know that a stream can never rise
above its source, and we may expect from foul
lips foul words. The gentleman who took
occasion—not the gentleman, 1 will not defile
the word by such a use of it—the person who
took occasion in one of the papers of the city a
short time ago to make most blackguard and
insulting allusions to me is the vice president
of the board, and as such is fond of building
sewers. I can only say that if he were to take
himself as a model he would make a sewer
that could carry more filth and dirt than the
thirty-foot Tiber span. A dunghill will be a
dunghill though you gild it an inch thick
with gold stolen from the public treasury.
When ability seizes absolutcpower we admire,
although we may suffer and fear, but when
coarseness and vulgarity climb by devious
means and through roads leading directly
under the frowning walls of a State prison,
into prominence and influence, we expect, them
to carry with them the slime and filth of the
gutter from which they sprang. 1 leave these
men to the laws. I make no attempt to bandy
words with them. I should not even have
noticed their attacks but that these were cal-
culated to affect legislation, and were care-
fully brought to the notice of all the members
of the House. By the connivance or neglect
of the Doorkeeper, and entirely contrary to
all propriety, the most contemptible of these
articles were allowed to be placed upon the
desk of every member, so that he could hardly
help seeing them. Apart from this, sflch scur-
rilities, for they are nothing else, would not
be worthy of notice, for time will punish the
authors and vindicate my course of action.
Look at the Tammany ring in the city of
New York to-day. One man gone no one
knows whither; lost to sight, but by no means
dear to memory, though he has been very dear
to the citizens of New York. Another one
standing face to face with the gloomy portals
of a prison. Others scattered, some here, some
there, their power broken, their followers
turning traitors and giving evidence against
them; the whole fabric of their evil grandeur
dissolved like a dream of the night, and pun-
ishment coming resistlessly and relentlessly
onward. I leave the board here to the same
fate, and when I have closed these remarks I
shall have nothing further to say to them.
The laws will answer them much more effect-
ually than I can, and will answer them as cer-
tainly as retribution follows crime. It may
be sooner or later, but the time will surely
arrive. I may not be a partaker in the triumph
of honesty. I may be even defeated, but
where I leave the work, other hands will take
it up and carry it forward. It will go on and
on until right and justice win the day.
"Though the mills of God grind slowly, yet
they grind exceeding small."
I shall now take up one or two of the
charges made in the newspaper press, such
only as I think worth answering, leaving the
rest to the contempt of silence, and occupying
the time of this House with personal matters
as little as possible. These charges are con-
tained in the publication of a pretended inter-
view with the person to whom I have already
referred.
The first charge brought against me by this
person was that I had applied for a position
for an individual by the name of Charles Rtley
under the Board of Public Works. Is that a
charge of any consequence ? Is not every
member of the House guilty of the same act
if it be an act to be ashamed of? It is then
alleged that I was offended because his salary
was not sufficient, and a pretended conversa
t-ion is given between him and some employ6
of the board, in which he threatened them
with my vengeance. I have here the. affidavit
of Mr. Riley utterly denying these charges of
threatening that I would attack the board if
he did not get an increase of salary, or assert-
ing that he had any influence over myself. He
denies the allegations made against him in
their whole scope and meaning, and he further
states what is the simple fact, and what I
hereby fully confirm, that from the day on
which he left the office to the time he made
this affidavit he has never spoken to me about
the Board of Public Works. I would not have
gone through the labor of this investigation
for ten times his salary, and the entire affair
is so trivial and so ridiculous that I shall not
even read his affidavit.
It is further intimated that I voted for a bill
to put the sum of $100,000 into the hands of
the Board of Public Works. They do not say
nor appear to know what that bill was, nor do
I ; but i can say this without trenching upon
the silence usually maintained regarding the
action of committees, that I believe I never
cast a vote for the Board of Public Works that
was not unanimous. But I am confident that
if I ever voted for such a bill, and it was so
profitable to the board, Mr. Riley would not
have been turned out of office by insufficiency
of salary.
It is further charged that I obtained by sur-
reptitieus or indirect means proof-sheet copies
of the report of the board to the President,
that I had been using those proof-sheets dis-
honestly, deceiving this House, and doing in-
justice to the board. I have here on my desk,
and now hold up that members may see,
the four copies of the report of that board.
One of them, which was the first I obtained,
and I hence conclude the original one that
was issued and transmitted to the President,
has on it the name of the Philadelphia Ledger.
I do not know how it got to that office, and I
do not care to tell how it came into my hands.
Another has upon it the name of Hon. Luke
P. Poland, of Vermont. How I got it from
that gentleman is a matter between him and
rne. But if either of these was stolen from the
Board of Works or obtained by any improper
or indirect method, here is prima facie evi-
dence that it was so obtained by that gen-
tleman, or by some one in the Philadelphia
Inquirer office. Of course the assertion, like
many others from the same source, is utterly
unfounded, and these reports were regularly
printed and issued.
