1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
of Congress known as schedule C. by which
manufacturers are taxed by stamps.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of
Henry P.- Howe, William Moore, Robert
Woods, Joseph Nelson, William J. Rhodes,
William W. Shields, John Miller, and 129
others, citizen's of Beaver county, Pennsylva-
nia, stating that about one hundred and sixty-,
fere Chinese laborers have been imported for a
cutlery company, located in the borough of
Beaver Falls, in said county, thereby causing
the-discharge from the works of the white
American mechanics and workmen; that two
hundred more Chinese, direct from China,
are said to be engaged and on the way for the
same cutlery and other works of the same
company, to the exclusion from the works of
our own people; that contracts have been
made, through one of their own race, for long
periods of servitude on their part; at wages so
low- as to forbid' competition by American
workmen; that their habits are so debasing as
to insure the demoralization and degradation
of all Christian communities brought in con-
tact with them; that their introduction into
the United States, in the manner in which it
is done, shows a manifest attempt to revive
the institution of slavery ; and that it is an act
of bad faith toward the workpeople of Penn-
sylvania and of the United States, inasmuch as
that the protection of thirty-five to fifty per
cent, against the importation of foreign cut-
lery was enactcd for the purpose of protecting
the American laborer against cheap foreign
labor; and asking that, as a means, therefore,
to be saved from such evils, and in behalf of
their own workpeople, Congress will pass a
law prohibiting any further importation of
Chinese laborers under contracts made in
China; or that it will authorize the free im-
portation from foreign countries of such arti-
cles Or manufactures as are or may be pro-
duced in the United States by and through
Chinese cheap labor bo contracted for.
By Mr. PE TRRS : The petition of citizens
of Ilonlton, Maine, asking an appropriation for
the erection of public buildings in that place.
Also, the petition of J. S. Johnson and
others, of Bangor, Maine, for repeal of inter-
nal revenue stamp taxation.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The petition of citizens
of Brooklyn, for the repeal ol' the stamp tax.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Now York: The
petition of Susan Israel and Arabella Hiley, in
favor of the passage of the French spoliation
bill.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 15, 187;).
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent,, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
coast survey rkfort.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report of the Superintend-
ent of the Coast Survey, stating the operations
and progress of the survey of i.lie coast of the
United States during the year ending with
October, 1872; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the usual
number of extra copies be printed.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORTON presented a mpmorial of
paymasters of the Army of the United States,
asking that section twenty-live of the act of
July 5, 1838, be amended so as to give them
the rank to which they are entitled by reason
of continuous service ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of St. Paul,
Minnesota, remonstrating against the passage
of the bill to repeal the bankrupt law; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition of
the order of Good "Templars of Connecticut,
praying for a prohibition of the manufacture,
importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage within the
United States Territories and the District of
Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of J.
P. Chew, publisher of the Lawrenceburg Press,
Indiana, remonstrating against the passage of
the bill before Congress regulating the postage
on printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying for the prohibition
by appropriate legislation of the traffic in in-
toxicating liquors as a beverage within the
jurisdiction of the> national Government;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
George Smith, of the military asylum at Au-
gusta, Maine, praying that he may be allowed
certain bounty promised him at the time of his
enlistment into the military service during the
late war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of Nebraska, asking
the passage of the bill for the establishment
of a wagon-road from the North Platte, in
that State, to the White River Indian reserva-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented five petitions
of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
praying for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the west branch or channel of Detroit
river and the head of Lake Erie, in the State
of Michigan ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented the
memorial of John H. Mitchell, publisher of
the Grand Haven News, of Ottawa, Michi-
gan, remonstrating against the passage of the
bill before Congress regulating the postage
on printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices anj Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present a
remonstrance signed by Hugh Caperton, A.
H. Pickett, Robert E. Freep, John M. Waters,
and a large number of other citizens of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, representing that they
are "property holders and business men, hav-
ing noticed with alarm the introduction in
your honorable bodies of a bill (S. No. 1466)
to incorporate the Washington and Rock Creek
Valley Railroad Company, in which there is a
provision for building a bridge across the
Potomac river east of Washington street, or of
the mouth of Rock creek, most earnestly en-
treat your honorable bodies to pause and give
this matter that consideration which a privilege
so fraught with destruction to our dearest and
best interests would seem to demand." They
also state many other facts, and urge them
against the passage of the bill referred to. I
move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
various temperance societies of the State of
Delaware, signed by their officers, praying for
a prohibition of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used
as a beverage within the United States Terri-
tories and the District of Columbia; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of three
hundred and forty seven citizens of Wisconsin,
asking for the prohibition of the traffic in in-
toxicating liquors as a beverage in the Terri-
tories of the United States and in the District
of Columbia ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented three memorials of pub-
lishers of newspapers of the counties of
Brown, Shawano, and Oconto, Wisconsin, re-
monstrating against the passage of the bill
before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; which -were referred to • the
Committee on Post offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of J. A. Cushing, praying the intervention
of Congress to secure justice to all interested
in the price, quality, and measure of gas in
the city of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Iowa, asking
Congress to pass a law granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors of the war of the
rebellion. I move that this memorial be
printed and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and I call the especial attention
of the chairman of the committee to the sub-
ject, and trust we shall have an early report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
William Smith, of Virginia, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As my pres-
ence is required elsewhere, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider a con-
ference report at this time. I think it will
occupy but a single moment. I send it to the
desk and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill ot the House
No. 3258, making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic service of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1872, and for other puipoc-es,
having met, after full and tree conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendments num-
bered 4, 5, 0, 9,14,15, and 16.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 3, 7, 8,
11). 11,12,13, 17, and 18.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree In
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said Senate amendment the words " tor the year
ending June 30,1873, and;" and that the Senate agree
to the same. LOT M. MORRILL,
C. SCHURZ,
Managers oil the part of the Senate.
THOMAS SWANN,
EUGENE HALE.
N. P. BANKS,
Managers on, the part of the Houie.
The report was concurred in.
reports op committees.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3988) to amend section two of an
act making appropriations for the support of
the ArmyfortheyearendingJuneSO, 1872, and
for other purposes, and the acts amendatory
thereof, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom
was referred the petition of Antoinette Dar-
ling, praying compensation for damages sus-
tained in consequence of Indian depredations
in Minnesota, to report it back, and to state
that the proof is not sufficient to justify the
committee in reporting a bill; and they there'
fore ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 124tj) for'the relief of Siloma
Deck, reported it with amendments ; and sub-
mitted a report thereon, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Commit tee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (8. No. 1375)
