1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Mr. MORTON. That is an addition to the
original resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. In lieu ofthe part stricken
out?
Mr. MORTON. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the latter part of
the resolution be read as it will read when
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the resolution with the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution as amended
now reads :
Resolved, That the sum of $20,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be appropriated out
of the contingent fund of the Senate, to defray the
expenses to be incurred by the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections in making the investigations
required by the resolution of the Senate of January
7, 1873, into the reoent elections in Illinois and
Ohio.
It is proposed to add to that 
Mr. MORTON. Has the rest of the resolu-
tion been stricken out ? It is true a vote was
taken on striking out, but I called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. They were not ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator demanded the yeas and nays, but they
were not ordered on the resolution as amended.
Mr. MORTON. They were not ordered for
the reason that it was understood that the Sen-
ator from Ohio would offer an amendment in
lieu of the one that was before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has a right to move to strike
out and insert the amendment which he now
proposes; but as the Chair understands, he
proposes this as an amendment additional to
the resolution ad amended by the adoption of
his former amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was never decided.
The Senator from Indiana is correct. The
vote was not announced. Before the Chair
announced the decision, or when it was being
announced, the Senator from Indiana called
for the yeas and nays, and then a debate
sprang up, and the question was never put to
the Senate whether they would order the yeas
and nays or not.
Mr. CONKLING. That is exactly as I
understand it. But let me suggest that the
Senator from Ohio now desires to modify his
motion. He wants his motion to be to strike
out and insert, and the speedy and satisfactory
way, I think, is just to allow the motion to be
taken in that way, and let us vote on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from New York, and
also the Senator from Illinois, that the true
record of the case is this: the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio was adopt-
ed by the Senate, and the original resolution
stands amended by the adoption of that motion.
At that moment 
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair will par-
don me, that would be completely true, but for
the fact that the Senator from Indiana—and I
am quite sure I am not mistaken in that—said,
"As this is to be a construction of the resolu-
tion passed yesterday, I ask for the yeas and
nays."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the
resolution as modified.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no ; upon that very
amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Upon the motion to strike
out.
Mr. CONKLING. That was unquestion-
ably his call. Then the Chair allowed some
Senator to make a suggestion, and the debate
went on from there; but the Senator from
Indiana was in time in his demand, and he de-
manded the yeas and nays specifically upon
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Now the Senator from Ohio proposes to vary
his amendment, and to make a motion to strike
out and insert, and my suggestion is that the
convenience of the Senate will be promoted if
we just take it up at that point and go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would simply state that he understood the
Senator from Indiana as asking for the yeas
and nays upon the original resolution as
amended.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no; it was on the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stands corrected, then. *
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from New
York is entirely correct in his statement, and ,
therefore it was that I asked the Senate for
leave to modify my motion so as to move to
strike out and insert. The Chair said the
amendment had been carried and the yeas and
nays had not been ordered. I did not so un-
derstand. I understood it as the Senator from
New York did. It appears now that the mis-
apprehension arose because the Chair sup- ,
posed the Senator from Indiana asked for the
yeas and nays on the original resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Chair
understood.
Mr. THURMAN. I now ask leave to move
to strike out the latter clause of the resolution
and insert what I have read.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
to change his motion and add his amendment
to the original resolution, letting it stand as
first reported, for this reason : I consider the
part which he moves to strike out as being of
importanc aside from the question of the ad-
ministration of oaths. That I consider of no
importance, because they would have the right
to have the witnesses sworn by any officer en-
titled to administer oaths in the absence of
this provision; but to clothe these commis-
sioners with the substantial power of the com-
mittee to conduct the examination and use
the subpenas of the committee to bring wit-
nesses before them is the material point, and
therefore I prefer the Senator should add that
to it, so as to make the resolution definite
in regard to the administration of oaths, and
leaving no misconstruction upon that point.
Mr. THURMAN. My own impression is
that the resolution is objectionable as it now
stands, and would be even with that addition
to it; but as the Senator from Illinois and
other Senators entertain a different opinion, I
do not wish to be obstinate at all. It is a fact
that it is a matter that requires a good deal of
consideration. If it be more acceptable, I
will agree to what the Senator proposes and
move the amendment as an addition to the
resolution as reported by him.
Mr. MORTON. Then I accept it.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like now to
hear the concluding part of the resolution as
it stands read, and then this amendment in
connection with it.
The Chief Clerk Tead as follows:
And that the persons employed by them to take
testimony be clothed in taking the same with the
same authority possessed by the committee in the
premises; and witnesses examined by and before the
persons sent by the committee to take testimony
may be sworn by any officer of the United States, or
of a State, authorized to administer oaths.
Mr. CONKLING. If the wish is that the
Senate shall propose conundrums to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections, I think this
would be a very good one. If, however, the
wish of the Senate is to comply with the re-
quest of the Senator from Indiana and let the
committee know the view of the Senate, I sub-
mit the suggestion is a very bad one. First,
these commissioners, as they have been called,
are to be clothed with all the powers possessed
by the committee. We all know that among
those powers is the right to administer an oath
and treat as a contempt and report to the Sen-
ate as such, although it would not do any good
to make the report, the fact that a witness
refused to attend or refused to answer, having
attended. That being clear so far, the reso-
lution concludes—and I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that in construing it among
other rules to be applied is that which gives
significance to following rather than to preced-
ing words—the resolution concludes by say-
ing that with all this power that had been
previously given the commission may examine
such witnesses as are sworn before those
authorized to administer oaths. Now, I sub-
mit to my friend from Indiana the resolution
would be repugnant, and that there would be
very great doubt what the committee should
say or what its delegates or commissioners
should say was the intention of the Senate or
the effect of the words.
Mr. MORTON. An instrument is never
held to be repugnant where taking the whole
instrument together the meaning is plain. I
believe that is one of the rules.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it is. Now
apply that to this case.
Mr. MORTON. Apply that and it is clear
the intention of the resolution is that the wit-
nesses are to be sworn before an officer of the
State or of the General Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not say "shall
be," but " may be."
Mr. MORTON. It does not say they shall
be, but I think it is very clearly the implica-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. But, if my friend will
pardon me, that is preceded by the direction
that they shall be sworn before the committee.
Mr. MORTON. The committee as a com-
mittee has no power to swear a witness, if I
am compelled to be critical.
Mr. HAMLIN. Oh, yes, the statute con-
Mr. MORTON. The statute authorizes the
chairman of the committee in his character as
chairman to swear a witness, but the com-
mittee as such, considered as a committee,
has no such power. But it seems to me the
resolution as now amended is substantially
correct in avoiding the danger suggested by
the Senator from Ohio. I do not think any
difficulty can arise from it. I am opposed to
having the other part stricken out, because
that would emasculate the resolution and take
away from it the power we want, and they
could not do anything.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as amended by the
Senator from Ohio, which amendment was
accepted by the Senator from Indiana. Does
the Senator from Indiana demand the yeas
and nays on the resolution ?
Mr. MORTON. Oh no, sir. •
Mr. CRAGIN. I was going to suggest
another little amendment, as a matter of con-
venience, that the money be paid on bills " to
be approved by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections," for from my
experience in approving bills during the im-
peachment trial, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on Contingent Expenses, I can say it will
be very difficult for the chairman of that com-
mittee to be in possession of all the facts neces-
sary to judge as to the bills, especially if com-
missioners are employed. I simply suggest this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be very well
if we did not have a little statute which says
that all such vouchers shall be approved by
the chairman of the Committee on Contingent
Expenses.
Mr. CRAGIN. I propose this as an addi-
tion. This is merely to require two approvals,
by the chairman of the Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses, and also by the chairman
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is additional it is
all right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the follow-
