18TB.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
for the relief of Eva, Ella, Henry, and Guy
Oarleton, heirs of the late James H. Carle-
ton, deceased, reported it with amendments ;
and submitted a report thereon, which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was-referred the bill (S. No.
1138) for the relief of Josiah Morris, asked to
be discharged from its farther consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Be.also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3855) for the
relief of William Selden, reported it without
amendment. ■
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the .Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 46) to enable the Secretary of War to
pay the expenses incurred in suppressing
Indian hostilities in the Territory of Montana
in the year 1867, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs;
which was agreed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1242)
for the relief of William Ivens, of Santa Fe,
New Mexico, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2896) for the
relief of Prances A. Robinson, administratrix
of the estate of John M. Robinson, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2553)
granting a. pension to John Condlin, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2712) for the
relief of J esse'McCoy, reported adversely there-
on ; and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was recom-
mitted the>ill (S. No. 1572) forthe suppression
of trade in and circulation of obscene literature
and articles of immoral use, reported it with
an amendment.
HENRY GOLDHAMMER.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee, on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3315)
for the relief of Henry Goldhammer, have had
the same under consideration and directed me
to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage. As this is a small bill,
and a very meritorious oue, providing that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall issue a dupli-
cate draft for eighty dollars in lieu of one that
has been lost, 1 ask that the bill be now put
on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a duplicate check to Henry
Goldhammer for the sum of eighty dollars, in
lieu of a lost original check for that sum issued
by W. M. Fleming,.assistant paymaster of the
United States, at Atlanta, Georgia, on the 7th
of November, 1864, upon satisfactory evidence
of the loss of the original check, and upon the
execution and delivery by Goldhammer of such
bond, with sureties, to indemnify the United
Slates, as is provided by an act to authorize
the payment of duplicate checks of disbursing
officers, approved February 2, 1872.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bill recommitted.
Mr. JOHNSTON. House bill No. 1370, for
the relief of the heirs of William A. Graham,
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
They reported adversely and the bill was in-
definitely postponed. I ask unanimous con-
sent to reconsider that vote and let the bill be
referred again to the committee. The chair-
man has no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent that order may be made. The Chair
hears no objection.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by him to
the river and harbor appropriation bill when it
shall have reached the Senate; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1004) to provide for the reopening of a
military and postal road from 'the mouth of
the Walnut river, in Kansas, to the mouth of
the Main Cache river, in Texas; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. This road passes mainly
through the Indian territory, and I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.-
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1605) granting authority to use
the unexpended balance from appropriations
made for the subsistence of the Navajo In-
dians to meet deficiencies in the appropriation
for the present fiscal year for the benefit of
said Indians; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1606) forthe relief ofStoddard and New Mad-
rid counties, in the State of Missouri, in the
matter of certain swamp lands; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Coinmittpe on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1607) donating condemned cannon and
cannon-balls to the Gettysburg Battle Field
Memorial Association; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be priuted.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1608) to establish the Southern Home-
stead and Emigration Company; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say that I
introduce this bill by request, not having ex-
amined carefully all its provisions. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1609) to amend the twenty-fifth section
of an act entitled "An act to increase the
present military establishment of the United
States, and for other'purposes," approved
July 5,1838 ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the residue of the
morning hour will be devoted to the consid-
eration of bills on the Calendar under the
Anthony rule.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senate to con-
sider a bill which was passed over the other
day on the Calendar. The bill and report
have been read. The bill is very short, and
if there is any objection after reading the bill
i will not further trespass on the Senate. _
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I must insist
on the regular order, in justice to the business
of the committees on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut insists on the regular order.
the pension laws.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Ohio
nearest me [Mr. Sherman] yesterday en-
tered a motion for the reconsideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the laws relating to pensions. I
should be glad if that motion could be taken
up now. There-are one or two amendments
that occur to him and to myself as necessary
to be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that will be done.
I have no opposition to the bill; I only desire
to perfect it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana proposes that (he-Calendar under
the Anthony rule be informally passed over in
order to reconsider the vote by which the pen-
sion bill was passed, and also to reconsider
the vote on the third reading of that bill, to
admit of some amendments. The Calendar
will be passed over, subject to objection if this
bill should give rise to debate, as the Senator
from Connecticut has insisted on going on
with the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Connec-
ticut withdraws his objection so far as this bill
is concerned.
The votes on the passage and third reading
of the bill were reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
open to amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The first amendment is in the
thirty-seventh section, last clause, reading as
follows:
And from and after the 1st day of July next, the
salary of the Commissioner of Pensions shall be
$4,000.
When 1 was asked yesterday whether the
committee had recommended any increase of
salaries, I supposed that this was among the
amendments recommended by the committee,
but I find that it is a part of the House bill.
I think it was the intention of the Senate yes-
terday that there should be no inciease of sala-
ries. The Senator from Ohio informs me that
provision is made for the increase of the sala-
ries of certain officers in an appropriation bill
that is now pending between the two Houses.
Therefore, in order to carry out what was the
understanding of the Senate yesterday, I move
as an amendment to the House bill that this
last clause be stricken but, namely:
And from and after the 1st day of July next, the
salary rf the Commissioner of Pensions shall be
$4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Indiana
does that include all the salaries that were yes-
terday proposed to be increased ? There were
several yesterday, as I understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to increase the other salaries was withdrawn
by consent of the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment that I
propose is in thethirty-first section as itisnum-
bered in the Senate bill. There was a substi-
tute for that section, on my motion, adopted
yesterday. My attention this morning is called
by the Commissioner of Pensions to a verbal
omission in that substitute. _ 1 wish now to
propose as an amendment to it the words "or
for bounty land than is hereinbefore provided."
I ask to have the substitute so amended as to
read:
And any agent or attorney or any other person
instrumental in prosecuting any claiui for pension or
bounty land who shall, directly or indirectly, con-
tract, demand, receive, or retain any greater com-
pensation for his services or instrumentality in pros-
ecuting a claim for pension or for buuab landtham-s
hereinbefore provided," &c.
That is the amendment I propose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. Now I ask that the bill be
put on its passage.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
acceptance op president-elect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
turns to the consideration of the bills on the
Calendar under the Anthony rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make & re-
port in the nature of a privileged report. The
committee of the two Houses appointed to
