1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
42D Oostg. .. .3D SBSP.
District Affairs—Mr, Roosevelt.
Ho. of Reps.
All these four volumes ire apparently sim-
ilar. They are bound in ,he same way, except
the one bound in hoar-*1? They have the same
indorsement. To the rje they seem one and
the same thing, and yet they are all different.
No two of them are alike. The title-page
upon each copy is the same: " Report of the
Board of Public Works of the District of
Columbia, from its organization until Novem-
ber 1.1872;" and yet on examination we find
strange and curious dissimilarities. In plain
words, these reports have been altered for a
purpose. Changes have been made with the
express intention of misleading this House
and covering up errors and' misstatements
which had been exposed. In a previous
speech, when I had only two of these reports
in my possession, I alluded to the fact that in
one copy a portion of the report, that contained
on the last page and giving the cost of much
of the work, had been suppressed because per-
haps it was supposed that it contradicted the
Board of Public Works, who were demanding
far higher prices from the Government. To
meet this that page is reproduced in the third
report, if I may designate them by the order
in which they were apparently printed, while
other alterations are made to counterbalance
it. I will call attention to the fact that I have
made three addresses—they were so hastily
delivered I cannot call them speeches—three
desultory series of remarks, ana that the board
has made three corrected reports.
After every one of my addresses they got
out a different report, adding to or changing
the figures, and then undertake to go before the
people or come into this House and say I have
falsified the record. Because the figures I give
are not in their second report, they cast in-
sinuations, with a truculence which accompa-
nies successful guilt, upon my accuracy. But
I shall leave this matter, reverting to it more
in detail when I come to point out the precise
alterations, in reply to the speech of the Del-
egate from the District of Columbia, made in
defense of the board and printed in the Globe
of February 9.
I shall now take up another scurrilous in-
sinuation which was intended to reflect upon
my election. I received the nomination of all
the Democratic parties in my district except
one faction of Tammany Hall which was in
rebellion and was largely composed of the
worst elements. My election took place after
the United States election law was passed
which provided for the selection of two super-
visors and the ap'poinment of ten deputy
marshals at each polling place. The statute
provided that one of the supervisors should
be taken from each party and that these two
should count the votes, but when I applied
for the appointment of those in my interest
I was told that they had all been "given"
to my adversary. This fact was stated by
me at the time, in a letter to the public, and
admitted to be true; so that all the super-
visors were wholly in the interest of my op-
ponent, and were selected by him or his
friends. There were over seventy polling places
in my congressional district; so that there
were appointed nearly one thousand men to
work and vote against me, men who were paid
by the United States and who had all the power
and authority of the Government behind them.
This advantage was used ruthlessly, my sup-
porters being arrested on every species of pre-
text, with or without foundation, and held in
$10,000 bail each—a bail it was impossible
for them to give. In one case the person
who had charge of the tickets for an entire
ward was seized at four o'clock of election
morning simply because he had changed his
place of residence, although it was as well
known that he resided there as that Horace
Greeley resided at Chappaqua. This was
carried so far that I was compelled to resort
to my rights under a State law which author-
ized candidates to appoint a person at each
poll to see the ballots counted. Under this
provision, I selected friends to discharge the
duty of seeing a fair count. They were refused
admittance to a few polls, which in every case
gave a heavy majority against me. In spite
of these difficulties, however, I carried every
ward included within my district and polled
10,702 votes, while my opponent only received
5,501, although he had the Republican nom-
ination, which usually carries between four
and five thousand.
But as insinuations have been made against
the integrity of my past public career, 1 will,
if the House will excuse the egotism, go over
a part of my personal history. I was always
a Democrat as I understood the meaning of
that term, a free-trade representative of the
rights of the people. During the rebellion I
was a war Democrat, being active in organ-
izing the war Democracy and being treasurer
of the great meeting held in Cooper Institute.
I never believed that the old-fashioned fighting
Democracy should be led by or surrendered to
traitors, and gave time and money to help re-
cruit our armies. I helped organize the Loyal
National League, being president of the ward
association in my ward, and was one of the
founders of the Union League Club, leaving it
only when it became not a national but a parti-
san body. In local politics I was a reformer,
being one of the founders of the Citizens Asso-
ciation and on its executive committee till I
entered into more active political life. Then I
took part in the opposition to Tammany su-
premacy and became one of the leaders of the
party which was striving to purify Democracy.
When the grand uprising against the corrup-
tions of the Tammany ring took place I was
one of the two Democrats who spoke at the
first meeting at Cooper Institute at a time
when the enemy were still all-powerful and
when such a proceeding was a bold and dan-
gerous step. I was selected one of the Com-
mittee of Seventy, and was last fall intrusted
by my associates with the sole charge of organ-
izing the canvass for the reform candidate
at the mayoralty election, which resulted in
the crowning success of the work of reform.
Under such circumstances, and with such a
record, is it any wonder that I oppose the
Board of Public Works in this District. I
have grown into such a confirmed reformer
that I have even tried to reform the rules of
this House which make it so difficult for me
ever to get the floor, and to save the time
wasted in calling the yeas and nays, and to im-
prove the ventilation of this Chamber where
we are hourly being stifled by bad air. Such,
if the House will excuse me for referring to it,
is a brief record of my public life. _ Can the
gentleman who represents the District on this
floor point to a better one? I will at least
do him the justice to say that he also is cred-
ited with having had something to do with
recruiting.
I have now done with the charges contained
in the paper' referred to, not answering the
rest simply because they are unworthy of a
reply. Lest the House should be misled, how-
ever, by the unanimity of the press in this
District in favor of the Board" of Public
Works, I will refer to a fact that was proven
before the committee of investigation last
year. An organized plan was made to subsi-
dize the press, $143,635 62 being paid nom-
inally in seven months, but really in about
three months, for that purpose. This was
mostly incurred when the board were try-
ing to induce the people to vote for their
$4,000,000 loan bill, and was spent in adver-
tising that loan, although it was perfectly under-
stood all the while that not a dollar of it would
be negotiated in the District.
While speaking of that loan I may as well
explain why it was so generally approved—a
point that has been made against me on several
occasions. Tickets for and against the bill
were printed by the government.; those in favor
of it were distributed, and those against it were
suppressed. The scheme was simple but effect-
ive, as every member of this House who has run
in a city district well knows. It was in speak-
ing of this attempt at purchasing the press
that I incurred the displeasure of my friend
Donn Piatt of the Capital, which had a hit at
me the other day. I have always admired the
brilliant editor of the Capital, and could for-
give his injustice for his wit; but last year, in
a speech on District affairs, I mentioned the
fact that his paper had received its share of
the plunder. I said the Capital had received
$2,144 64—I had almost forgotten the cents—
and that Donn Piatt seemed to have gone dog
cheap, for I considered him worth twice the
money. So I do; but if he differs from me I
will retract and apologize; he ought certainly
to know best. I owe an apology also to another
gentleman, from whom I received the follow-
ing note:
No. 1209, Sixteenth street, Nobthwest,
Washington, D. C., June 8,1872.
Dear Sib: I find in this morning's Patriot the
concluding portion of your speech upon frauds in
the District, delivered in the House of Representa-
tives May 17,1872, where the following inaccuracy
occurs: "Every paper, no matter how petty or
worthless, had a share of the spoils;" also, of
course, the following sweeping sentence: " The
watoh-dogs, great and small," &c., referring to the
papers aforementioned.
The truth in the case is that The Little Christian
Magazine, now suspended, of which X was the pub-
lisher, did not reoeivo a single penny from these
spoils; neither could the whole of it, to use your
own expression, have bought it up. No, sir; it will
dye first. lean most positively assure you. You have
wronged me, sir.
Yours, very truly, VICTOIl HANNOT.
Hon. It. B. Roosevelt, M. G.
I can only say that, to judge by the fact that
the editor of The Little Cnristain Magazine
intended to "dye first," either he must have
been a " little off color" before, or I had some
color for my charges. Seriously, however, I
do not mean to charge that respectable and
honorable papers may not receive advertising
from a person or a public body without sell-
ing their independence. But I do say that
$143,000 spent in this small city in a few
months only needed the confirmation of sub-
sequent acts of servility to be converted from a
payment into a bribe.
I will now leave these personal matters and
proceed to answer the speech of the Delegate
from the District of Columbia, which was in-
tended as a reply to my first exposure of the
misstatements contained in the report of the
Board of Public Works. I shall confine my-
self to argument, paying no more attention to
his numerous unparliamentary insinuations
than I would to the barking of a yellow dog
running down Pennsylvania avenue.
He first charges me with making a misrep-
resentation, because I computed the hun-
dred and fifteen miles of pavement at thirty-
two feet wide. There is no doubt about there
being a misrepresentation, nor as to who made
it. I simply took it from the report of the
Board of Works, which contains these words:
" One hundred and fifteen and thirty-sixth hun-
dredths miles of improved carriage-way juivements,
assuming the same at thirty-two feet wide." (Page 8.)
If these figures are false, as I dare say they
are, I did not make them. The facts are known
only to the board, who put them in any way to
suit themselves.
He next denies my calculations of the
cost of improvements, pretending with true
Pecksniffiau obliquity of mind to understand
me as referring to the expense of pavements
alone. I repeat that my calculations, which
were mainly based on the figures in the reporl,
were correct; but I will now confirm them by
others. I said the board must have spent
