12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11}
IJo. of Reps.
District Affairs—Mr. Roosevelt,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
from twelve to fourteen millions on streets
alone, and gave several modes of estimating
the amount. Without going over them again,
which would confirm them, but take too long
I will add three other methods of computa-
tion. The reports of the board—all of them,
for a wonder—contain a table of the cost of
improving twenty-nine streets and one alley, a
length ot 91,608 front feet—not linear feet, be
it understood, a deception which the board
wiil use unless I anticipate it. A comparison
of the distances on the accompanying tables
pioms conclusively that a foot front is meant:
in other words, that both sides of the street
are measured. Half of 91,608 feet is eight
and a half miles, to which should be added by
ilie board's own estimate twenty per cent, for
intersections, giving about ten miles. At that
rate fifty-six miles would cost $13,337,995.
_ Again, I have received the assessments for
improvements on eight streets and two avenues
in addition to the four streets and one avenue
I gave before. These average $46 39, making
a total of $13,708,078. The gentleman who
gave me these tells me he asked for a copy
of all the assessments at the office of the
board, but was refused. This morning I was
handed three more assessments, the average
of which is still higher. • °
Mr. CHIPMAN. Will the gentleman state
from whom he received those assessments?
Mr. KOOSEVELT. No, I will nor,; for I
understand that the Board of Public Works
would persecute the man. Men have come to
me with fear and trembling and asked me to
continue my efforts in this matter, but not to
disclose their instrumentality, because they do
not know what might happen to them. They
(eel assured they would be punished whenever
it might be withiu the power of the Board of
Public Works.
Now, geutiemen, these are not my figures ;
I have not made them up. I have taken them
from the board, either in the report or such
assessments as I have been able to get,, or
which have been brought to me voluntaiily by
gentlemen interested in this matter.
It is impossible to bring out any less result,
and the attempts of the gentleman only prove
this, for he has selected the two cheapest
streets in the city—Fourth and Twelfth—to
be used to refute my calculations. On Fourth
street there was no grading and no, sewering
to be done,' and on Twelfth street only $300
for sewering, and very little grading. This
evasion on his part is practically a confession
of the truth of my assertions. I have taken
the assessment on every street I could get
hold of, omitting none and only asking for
more. He would select the two cheapest in
the city. In confirmation, I have been told
of an assessment on one house of twenty-live
feet wide of $1,000, and on a lot which cost
$350 of $850. This beats the finest efforts
of New York fleecers in their palmiest days.
There, where two thirds and not one third is
charged to the property, a thousand-dollar
assessment on a hundred-foot corner lot was
regarded as excessive and was the highest 1
ever heard of.
Having pretty effectually disposed of that,
I will now take up the next point. I stated in
my last Bpeecii that there were sixteen con-
tracts extended, but for which no additional
charge was carried out, and on these there was
a difference of $630,905 72 of excess of liabil-
ities not accounted for. 'These have been criti-
cised in a statement of the Delegate from the
District, and the amount put, not at $530,000,
but only at, $243,414 56. Now, that is a mod-
erate mistake in sixteen contracts, is it not?
But it is not the mistake they really make,
because they doctored those contracts. My
statement was strictly correct except one error
made by the Globe proof-reader, and a mistake
of eighty-one dollars made in running a line
across. But after my speech was delivered a
new report was issued and additional amounts
inserted. Then they had the impudence delib-
erately to compare those with my statements
ana pretend I had blundered. But there was
a difficulty in their way they had not consid-
ered, for after all there is some virtue in fig-
ures. They had previously inserted the sum
total of their statement at $6,387,933 15,
which is substantially correct, for it has been
gone over by my associate on the committee,
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Orebs,] and
found as near right as the board can wake any-
thing; that is, only a couple of hundred dollars
out of the way. They add $170,000 to that
amount; but the trouble is that then their
figures will not add up right. They carry out
the total the same, no changes being made in
that; but they put in $170,000 that they have
not accounted for, I suppose they thought 1
was not good at addition, and in that they were
pretty near the truth. The way these additions
were made is this, and the changes probably
involved the stereotyping of an entirely new
report: beneath the figures which I gave they
interlined others and connected the two with a
bracket. On page 2, beneath D. Hudnell's con-
tract of $753 68, they interlined $11,294 10;
beneath Patrick Cullinane'a contract of
$19,909 40 and $8,499 tliey interlined $70,000;
beneath Crowley's contract for $2,831 88 they
interlined $10,8(58 50; beneath Neitzey's con-
tract for $7,917 25 they interlined $61,405 30;
beneath Campbell's $2,757 24 they interlined
$21,904 56, and beneath Stafford's contract
of $592 they interlined $8,240 30. None of
these amounts were in the original report, and
my statements were positively accurate. Any
gentleman can see this by referring to this
report, which 1 have gone over again care-
fully, the only two mistakes being one of eight
cents, made probably in copying, and the sec-
ond being an error of $81 09,
In connection with one contract, however,
that of George W. Linville, 1 want to point
out another performance of tins most respect
able and ingenuous board; for 1 take it that
the board is responsible for these figures; not
the Delegate from the District. i referred to
the contracts made with Paetz and Murphy,
and assigned by them to George W. LinviUe,
and expressly so stated, referring to the two
contracts thai bad been assigned by tin: pages
of the original report, as there were uo num-
bers to these contracts in that report, and I
could designate them in no more accurate
way. In his reply it was snid the amount
was $101,076 70, and he referred to the con-
tract of George W. Linville of that amount.
But, sir, this is a different contract, and it is
hardly possible to suppose the person whp got
up the reply did not know it. 1 had given the
pages at 4 and 11, and they give the page at
15, one being a direct contract to Mr. Linville,
and the other two contracts assigned to him
and described as such. So gentlemen will
see this is another and most grossly palpable
evasion.
They have admitted errors even under this
new statement of $243,414 50; but, as they
contend, there is omitted on the other siue of
canceled contracts, which you will recollect 1
referred to, but the amount 1 could not give
because it is nowhere stated, an equal amount
there is no error at all. They argue that as
they made an error of $2-13,000 on the one side
and $267,000 on the other side, I am guilty
of a blunder of $540,000 in accusing them of
niakingany mistake at all; which conclusion
is barefaced and impudent enough to be funny.
I do think the gen'leman who prints such
things or who utters- such statements on the
floor of this House sh juld be held to respons-
ibility for them. It seems almost incredible
that any one should be bold enough to take
such a stand, and only shows the calm confi-
dence of the Board of Works that they are not
only above reach, bnt above criticism. The
gentleman sums up the result in these words:
"This, bear in mind, Mr. Speaker, where the
member from New York claims a discrepancy
aguinst the board of $580,987 33 in sixteen contracts;
a trifling misrepresentation ouliispartof $554,648 20."
In other words, because they admit they
have blundered on the both sides, those two
blunders balance one another, and my state-
ment of their blunders is not only incorrect,
but a misrepresentation.
But they have, not explained all of these
omissions even now; they have only picked
out a few, about fifteen, and undertaken to
give us here and there what you may call
their rerevised report as to these. There are
about seventy contracts which were extended,
and about seventy canceled, and they have
pretended to correct sixteen. Perhaps the
rest bear the same average, perhaps not.
Who knows? Certainly neither this House
nor myself. They claim they have omitted
ou sixteen so much money on the debit side,
and on about twenty-five so much money on
the credit side; but they say nothing of the
additional forty on one side and fifty ou the
other, which arc not carried out either as to
their extension or cancellation.
The following is a list of extensions of con-
tracts against which no sum is set down in
the column of liabilities:
Six extensions on page 2, eleven extensions on
page 3, eleven extensions on page 4, nine extensions
on pa£o 5, five extensions on page (5, eignt exten-
sions on page 7, lour extensions on page 8, seven
extensions on page U, two extensions on page 10,
four extensions on page 11, five extensions on page
12, tour extensions on r>age 13, seven extensions on
page 14, six extensions oti page 15, four extensions on
page Iti, eight extensions on page 17, three exten-
sions on page IS, two extensions on page i'y, eight
extensions on imge 20, oigin extensions on page 21,
six extensions on page 22, six extensions on pago 23,
eleven extensions on page 24, six extensions on page
24, four extensions on page 23, tbree extensions on
pago 27, two extensions on page 28, one extension on
page 2'J, one extension on page 30, one extension on
page 31, oneextension on page 82, four extensions
on page 33, two extensions on page84, two extensions
ou pa,go 35, two extensions on page 36, three exten-
sions on page 37—seventy-seven contracts extended.
Even in this amended statement tbey have
made no effort to explain a vast number of
other omissions. There are numerous ori-
ginal contracts against which no sum was car-
ried out iu their first or last statements, three
being ou page 15 alone. I point out, No. 271,
page 17, six feet six inch brick barrel sewer,
&c., to Samuel Strong, no amount carried out,
all hough the expense must have been very
large. 1 will not attempt to particularize, bow-
ever, and will merely say there are dozens of
contracts in the same condition.
I will now examine the voucher on which
the $1,240,000 appropriation of the United
States waa paid. Gentlemen will remember
that a demand was made agaiust the Govern-
ment on the ground that a large amount of
work bad been done by the Board of ffo;ks in
front of United States property. The items
of this work were given in detail in the report
to the President, even to feet and half feet of
extent, but in the act appropriating the money
a remeasurement was ordered to be made
under the supervision of General Babeock. I
expressly declared in the course of my previous
remarks, and I renew the declaration now,
that I cast no reflection on General Babcock.
There may be differences of opinion between
us, in which I am as likely to be wrong as him-
self ; and I recognize the extreme difficulty
under which he labored to get at accurate in-
formation, if being almost impossible to meas-
ure grading after the work has been done and
the surface lines obliterated. It was not pos-
sible for him to dig up a sewer to ascertain the
size of tie pipe or the depth at which it had
been laid, and in such matters he had mainly
to rely on the assertions of the board. If they
told him a sewer was an eighteen-inch tile pipe
