408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
ing bills ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1501) to disapprove of cer-
tain legislation in the Territory of Washington ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2593) to readjust the
western boundary of Dakota Territory ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3362) transferring the
control of certain territorial penitentiaries to
the several Territories in which the same are
located; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the stip-
ulations of the convention with Venezuela of
April 25, 1866, and the payment of adjudi-
cated claims.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
An act (S. No. 616) to release to the State of
Indiana the lands known as the bed of Beaver
lake, in Newton county, in said State; and
An act (S. No. 1272) authorizing the East
Chester National Bank of Mount Vernon to
change its location and name.
executive communication. '
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, com-
municating a statement of expenditures of the
Springfield armory during the year ending
June 30,1872; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. FENTON , it was
Ordered, That George C. Wooley have leave to :
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of j
the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1319) to amend an act to provide a national
currency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1320) to incorporate the Arkansas
Valley and Cimarron Railway Company, and
grant right of way over the public lands;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1321) for the relief of officers at Chicago,
Illinois; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1323) to sell certain public lands
to the Republican Valley Railroad Company,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introdnce a
hill (S. No. 1324) to authorize the Attorney
General to examine into the claims of certain
insurance companies for losses; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
modoc indian war.
Mr. COLE. As we did not have the priv-
ilege of introducing bills and resolutions this
morning, I ask leave to present the follow-
ing resolution now, and ask for its present
consideration:
Retolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to furnish the Senate such information as
may be in his Department touching existing diffi-
culties with the Modoc and other Indian tribes in I
northern California and southern Oregon. j
The resolution was considered by unani- j
mous consent, and agreed to. I
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2989) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
printing of an amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I submit an amendment
to the Senate bill (S. No. 511) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the Territories
of Washington and Oregon in the suppression
of Indian hostilities in the years 1855 and
1856," approved March 2, 1861, which I ask
to have printed, and move that the bill and
amendment be again referred to the Committee
on Military ASairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
theodore adams.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference on
the bill (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams.
The PRESIDING OFEICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the conference report in
the Adams case.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I wish to oc-
cupy just about a minute and a half.
This claimant seeks to recover of the Gov-
ernment of the United States $112,000. If we
agree to this report he will get it. Now, I say
that whoever comes here with a claim of that
sort should show either that we have agreed
to pay him $112,000 or that he has earned
$112,000, one. of the two. If any one says
that we have agreed to pay him $112,000, I
answer, first, that in my judgment we never
made any agreement with him in the world
of any sort, and that there was no authority
in any persou who was negotiating with him
to make an agreement. That is my opinion.
But admitting that we did make a contract
with him, I stand upon the authority of a
judgment of the Supreme Court of the United
States, when I say that contract, whatever it
was, has been satisfied. The Senator from
Pennsylvania will not contradict that. I take
it no Senator will contradict it. So that he
cannot recover $112,000 upon the ground
that we have an officer's agreement to pay
that amount. If you say he shall recover upon
the ground that he had earned $112,000, I
present the judgment of the Court of Claims,
one of the two tribunals which have investi-
gated the question of what he did earn.
A previous tribunal or claims commission
which was sent to St. Louis investigated that
claim, and they decided that he had earned
about $95,000 and it was paid to him. The
Court of Claims reinvestigated that question,
and decided that he had earned $85,000 more.
The Committee on Claims has never invest-
igated the question. If he is to recover upon
the ground that he has earned a sum of money,
I say we are concluded by the judgment of the
Court of Claims that he can get not more than
$39,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on agreeing to the report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I do not
mean to discuss the merits of this report or
the question involved in the vote we are about
to give. I should not say one word had I
not in the dying hours of the last session
interposed to prevent the report being adopted
then, and had I not, without attempting to
argue the merits of the case, made some
remarks indicative of my conviction, which j
was undoubted at the time, that the decision
of the Supreme Court ought to be treated as a
bar—that I at least might rely upoa it as a
justification for a negative vote. Having at
the time no doubt of that, had final action
been taken then I should have voted against
this conference report.
Since that time I was asked if, in case the
papers were put in my hands, I would exam-
ine them. Of course I said I would. They
were put in my hands. I did examine them,
and with a tendency as strong I think as mo^t
members of this body have to presume against
claims against the Government, I see no way
in candor or integrity for me to escape voting
i for this report when I am called upon to vote
at all.
I promised in commencing not to detain the
Senate with my reasons. I have them present
' in mind, but still, although they could be stated
without much length, I forbear. There is one
single remark, however, which I will make.
I have heard it stated, in the form of ques-
tions and answers, that a large sum, $73,000
one Senator said, of this award was profits.
I understand that the claimant would be very
glad to agree with the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Howe,] that no contract was ever
made, and relying upon that implied assumpsit
which arises, and which I believe is respected
among all men except robbers and pirates—
that implied assumpsit which arose in this case,
when a whole army, not merely a quartermas-
ter or a Quartermaster General, but a whole
army stood by seeing this man for weeks and
months, with extraordinary endeavor and ex-
pense, engaged in constructing that flotilla of
mortar-boats, which succeeded in the end in
accomplishing that in which all other means
had been baffled—relying upon that implied
assumpsit, to open the aocount from the be-
ginning and take merely a quantum meruit.
Mr. HOWE. Is the Senator authorized to
make that proposition ?
Mr. CONKLING. I wonder at my friend
for asking that question. My experience in
this case is so brief that I hardly have a right
to express my opinion, perhaps even to en-
tertain one. I have never seen this claimant
to know him, I believe, but once. I saw him
once, and then only to receive from him papers
and some suggestions as to what he deemed
the merits of his case. Therefore the Sena-
tor will see that I am not authorized to say
anything for him, I feel authorized, however,
to infer from the papers I read and from com-
munications, although I oannot remember the
language employed, made by Mr. Adams, that
it would be wise and profitable for him to
dismiss all idea of express contract, and rely-
ing upon the implied assumpsit, to accept an
accounting from the beginning, with an agree-
ment that he should receive the value of all
the materials that he furnished and all the
labor which was done by day and by night. I
feel authorized to draw that inference. Be-
yond that I beg to assure my honorable friend
I have no authority whatever.
Now, Mr. President, as I said, I shall vote
for this report, not because I undertake to say
that I know $112,000, more or less, is the
precise sum to which this man is entitled, but
because I can find no way by which I, or by
which any Senator understanding the facts as
I do, can avoid the conclusion that this man
was not barred by the receipt, together with
the protest that he made; that he was not
estopped by submitting—not in the sense of a
submission to an award of an arbitration, but
by submitting to the necessity which overtook
him by the action of a board. And believe-
ing that he was not so barred , and going back
to the merits of the case, it seems to me that
the report of the committee, whether it be for
the precise amount or not, is a report agai&st
which I cannot vote with the understanding I
now have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
