1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
To
42d Cong....3d Sess,
Commissioners of Commerce—Mr. Hawley.
Ho. of Reps.
arsenal grounds; and as for reaching Seventh street
west by way of S street south, you would have to pave
and grade across the channel of the river, as Seventh
street strikes the river bank about L street. There
is also another item, though small, on the same page,
thus: "Oetober 17, 1872, to B. Smith & Co., brick for
S street south, from Third to Four-and-a-half
street." 1'his you will observe is within the arsenal
grounds entirely.
If they claim that the printer made a mistake and
put south for north, it is just as bad, for although S
street north does reach Seventh street west, a glance
at the map will show you thatitdoes not reach First
street by two or three squares, it striking the bound-
ary about Third or Fourth.
This report, I believe, was reprinted at the ffov-
ernment Printing Office, and though the page num-
ber maybe different, you can find these items by the
dates. If such a number of evidences of Iraud can
be found on a, single page casually picked up, what
a vast number there must be in the whole docu-
ment?
As I am in a situation to be materially injured
by "Boss" Aleok, I feel constrained to make this an
anonymous communication.
Yours, &c., A TAXPAYER.
Hon. R. B. Koosevelt.
It may be asked why do these men come to
me. I shall not assume to say. Perhaps
they think their own Representative neglectful
of them ; perhaps they thought he was against
them when they came before the committee
of investigation, or perhaps they think he is
too firm a believer in the immaculate purity
of the Board of Works. Certain it is, that so
long as the board remain in power he will be
the Delegate from the District. That gentle-
man has in his speech indulged in sundry
hackneyed quotations. I would advise him
to buy a dictionary of quotations before he
tries again, that he may get them nearer right.
In one of these he couples me in the future
state of existence with Mr. Crane. When that
time comes the company of an honest, though
a poor man, will not be despised. Hat I am
afraid if the gentlemnn selects his companions
there as he has here he will find his quarters
uncomfortably warm, even in days as cold as
those of the past severe winter.
It h<as been charged that I have animosity
against the members of the Board of Public
Works. I have none. Their acts alone are
what I condemn. Last Thursday week the
Committee for the District of Columbia ad-
dressed them certain questions. Receiving no
answer last Thursday, they were requested to
answer forthwith such of them as they could
answer at once. Four days have expired since
then, and yet no reply has been received to a
single interrogatory. Among these were, in
substance, whether they had used up the fund
of the District appropriated for police, Are,
and school purposes ; whether they had bor-
rowed money, how much they owed their
laborers, and how much of the appropriation
of Congress was still unexpended.
It is clear these could be answered at once,
and among all there were at most two that
could by any construction involve a delay of
twenty-four hours. So Congress is still kept
in the dark, while day after day come up
schemes for giving the board more money.
They have stated in their accounts there was
abalance to their credit. We have give"h them
$1,240,000 more, and yet. they are clamoring
for an additional $2,000,000. On their state-
ment the following report was made, under
my motion to inquire into the debt of the
District:
"3d. As to the third inauiry involved in the reso-
lution, to wit, 'what sum will be required to finish
the work undertaken by the board ?' the committee
report that from the communications herewith sub-
* 11 printed report of the board, no
the District of Columbia seems to have been
born rotten.
I have done, and hope never again to be called
upon to say a word more on this subject. The
responsibility is now with the House, and
my duty is finished. These facts have come
before me from my official position. Congress
is in possession of them. In making them
public I have earned the hate of vulgar power.
But there is justice in the skies, and -when it
falls dishonesty will slink away into its nat-
ural obscurity. Amid this wilderness of fig-
ures I should expect to have blundered. In
picking out these numerous contradictions I
might readily have gone wrong; but so far not
one mistake has been brought home .to me.
The labor involved has been great, and it is
with sincere sense of relief that I find myself
discharged from further responsibility.
cm-red, than those included in the foregoing esti-
mates."
Let gentlemen bear this in mind when the
ever recurring cry of " Give, give I" is raised
again. Let us believe that the board occa-
sionally tells the truth._ Tammany Hall was
twelve years in reaching its worst state of
corruption, but the Board of Public Works in
Commissioners of Commerce.
SPEECH OP HON. J. B. HAWLEY,
of illinois,
In the House op Representatives,
February IS, 1873.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. 11. No. 3951) to provide for the creation of a
board of commissioners of commerce, and to pre-
scribe the duties thereof—
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill now under discus-
sion, from the Committee on Commerce, pro-
vides for the creation of a board of commis-
sioners of commerce, to be composed of five
officers of the Cabinet. J he object of the bill,
as 1 understand it, is to provide by law for
a permanent board of commerce that shall
have a general supervision, within the limits
prescribed by the bill, over the external and
internal commerce of the country. I believe
the bill to be a good one as far as it goes, and
therefore give it my support. It is not by any
means all that I would wish. I would be glad
to have it amended, but the gentleman having
charge of the bill will not permit an amend-
ment to be offered.
As the bill before the House relates to the
subject of our external and internal commerce,
I desire to avail myself of this the first oppor-
tunity presented during the present session to
present my views as briefly as I can upon the
subject of our internal commerce as trans-
ported by railroad. There has never been a
time in our history as a nation when the sub-
ject of transportation was so important to the
people, or when it received so much attention
at their hands, as now.
Everywhere, and among all classes of our
people, the question of cheaper freights is the
all-absorbing question of the day. The growth
of our country is the wonder of our times.
Not a century has passed since we became a
nation, and yet, in all that constitutes a great
and powerful people, we stand to-day among
the first of all the nations of the earth.
Having the freest and best form of govern-
ment upon the earth, recognizing as it does
the perfect equality of all the people, every
encouragemeut is given to She citizen to arouse
and quicken his energies. Ours is the age of
invention and improvement, and upon every
side the busy hand of industry is pushing for-
ward new enterprises for our growth and
development.
In the interior portion of our country great
Commonwealths have grown up that already-
rival the most powerful of those upon or
nearer the seaboard. With these interior
States the question of internal commerce is
of the most vital importance, and as their
resources are further developed the question
of transportation will become of yet greater
importance. In the transportation of our com-
merce the railroads now perform and will con-
tinue to perform a most prominent part. We
now have more than sixty-eight thousand miles
of such roads and it will probably be but a
few years before we will have as many more.
Everywhere their construction has been en-
couraged by the people. State Legislatures
have made haste to create such corpora
tions with very large if not with dangerous
powers, and the people have contributed
with a lavish hand to aid in their construc-
tion. These railroad companies in their in-
fancy claimed to be the friends of the people.
In their strength they defy the people and
the Legislatures that created them. In many
portions of the country the people have
sought relief from the extortion of the com-
panies then existing by aiding in the con-
struction of new lines, hoping thereby to cre-
ate a healthy competition that would afford
them the advantages of cheap freights. In
most cases, however, such expectation has
proved illusory. The new roads have fallen
into the hands of the old company or they
have made terms so that no competition what-
ever is afforded. And thus in many cases
where whole communities have imposed upon
themselves burdens which have brought them
to the verge of bankruptcy to aid in the con-
struction of competing roads, they have when
too late been led to realize thatall their efforts
were without avail. The railroad companies
of the country, denying alike the power of
State or national authority to control them in
their management or in their charges for the
transportation of passengers and freight, have
in many cases imposed upon such transporia-
tion the most excessive and unequal charges.
These chargesare in many cases imposed with
out any regard whatever to their reasonable-
ness or justice.
Let me cite you to the condition in which
the people of my own State are now placed in
common with the people of the other north
western States. Although there are different
lines of railroads extending to the eastern
seaboard over which the immense commerce
of those States is transported, it cannot be
said that there is any competition. There
is really no more competition than though
there was but one such road. The men who
are at the head of these various lines have
only to meet together and agree upon the
price that shall be paid for the transport-
ation of freight upon their respective lines, and
the price must be paid. There is no escape,
no relief. Indeed, it is a well-known fact
that four or five leading railroad men of the
country may meet any day in New York city
and by their mere word they may lay tribute
upon the commerce of the whole country.
They may by their word declare and fix the
freight which the farmer of Illinois, Iowa, or
Wisconsin shall pay upon every bushel of
grain shipped to the seaboard by any one of
the various lines of road. Indeed they may
determine the price he shall receive in New
York. The question to-day with the various
railroad companies whose lines extend from
the Northwest to the Atlantic seaboard is, not
what is it worth to transport the products of
the West to market, but rather, what will the
farmers of that section pay rather than permit
their crops to rot upon their farms. Mr.
Speaker, if there is no remedy for this great
evil, then the people must submit. If there
be a remedy it ought to be applied, and ap-
plied at the earliest possible moment. Many
of these corporations have, as is well known,
become enormously wealthy within the past
few years. They have drawn from the earn-
ings of the people money sufficient to pay the
most extravagant dividends to the stockholders
and to build up great fortunes for those at
their head.
