im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
milting a communication from the Quarter-
master General of the Army calling attention
to the omission in the Army appropriation bill
of a- provision for t.he manufacture of clothing
during this fiscal year; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. VICKERS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case
of John A. Ilipkins be taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That leavebe granted for the withdrawal
of the papers in the ease of M. 15. Grier. trustee and
guardian of Mary S. and Sarah J. Grier, minor
heirs of Samuel L. Grier, from the files of the
Senate.
public building at memphis.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (II. R. No. 2703) to
provide a building suited to the use of the custom-
house, post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States, in the
city of Memphis, Tennessee, having met, after free
and full conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strike out the
words proposed to be inserted by the Senate and
insert in lieu thoreof tho following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause plans and
estimates to be made for a tire-proof building, or a
building with a fire-proof vault extending to each
story, suitable for a custom-house, bonded ware-
house, court-house, and post ofiice, at Memphis,
Tennessee; and heis also authorized athis discretion
to sell or exehangethe lot now owned by the United
States in the city of Memphis aforesaid, as a site for
a court-house for a new and more eligible site for
the erection of the building herein mentioned, or
may purchase additional groundior the enlargement
of said site, or may purchase a more eligible site;
and the sum of $25,000, or so much thereof as may
be neoessarj?, is hereby appropriated for said pur-
pose, out of any money in the Troasury not other-
wise appropriated: Provided, That no greater sum
shall be used for the purchase of a new site, or the
enlargement of the present site, than the sum herein
appropriated, in addition to whatever sutn may be
realized from tho sale of the site now owned by the
United States.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
tho second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: online
three, after the word " made," insert the words
"and a suitable site provided," and the Senate
agree to the same.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
J. W. STEVENtoON,
J. L. ALCORN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
HORACE MAYNARD.
WALTER L. SESSIONS,
BR A,ST US VVELLS,
Managers ontke part of the llouie.
The report was concurred in.
restrictive rule.
Mr. COLE. Now I hope we shall go on
with the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now ask that the ap-
propriation bill be laid aside informally, for
the purpose of continuing the consideration
of the resolution which was under discussion
when the morning hour expired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move, then, that the
appropriation bill be postponed; and if that
motion prevails, I shall move to take up the
resolution under discussion when the morning
hour expired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Chair does not
understand the motion made by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, I move to lay the
naval appropriation bill on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Perry ol Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman. Spen-
cer, Sprague, Stewart, West, and Windoro—30.
NAYS—Messrs,' Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Davis, Fenton. Flanagan, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Machen, Norwood, Nye, Pool,
Rice, S:iulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Thur-
man, Trpton, Trumbull, and Viekers—28,
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow, Cragin, Hamlin,
Harlan, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn,
Patterson. Pomeroy, Ransom, Scott, Sumner, Wil-
son, and Wright—15.
So it was ordered that the naval appropria-
tion bill lie oh the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the resolution
which was under discussion when the morning
hour expired.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That during the present session it shall
be in order at any time to move a recess, and, pend-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confine debate
on amendments thereto to live minutes by any Sen-
ator on the pending motion ; and such motions shall
be decided without debate; and no amendment to
arty such bill making legislative provisions other
than such as directly relate to the appropriations
contained in the bill shall be received: and no
special order shall be made during this session.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting after the word "re-
ceived," in the last line but one, the words 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask if the motion was
not to postpone this resolution until Monday?
I made that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Chair was in-
formed that the pending question was on
agreeing to the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly when I was
up I moved to postpone the resolution until
Monday. I was not aware that that motion
had been acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution until
Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I respectfully beg the
Senator from Illinois and my colleague to
withdraw their opposition to this resolution,
or at least allow the vote to be taken, and vote
against, it if they do not desire to vote for it.
It is manifest at this period of the session that
we have got to make progress, and every mo-
ment's delay in a question of business like
this prevents the passage of bills that are im-
portant to some portion of the people of the
United States. We have but fifteen working
days, all told, to transact all the business
thrust upon us, and all the time will be neces-
sary for that purpose. We have had the ex-
periment of the trial of this rule for two ses-
sions, and it has worked well. So far as I
know, there was no complaint made about it.
In the case stated by my colleague, where what
he called a political proposition was thrust on
an appropriation bill, the rule was waived at
once, and he and other Senators discussed it
to their heart's content.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is entirely mistaken.
The rule was not waived in that case.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the rule
limiting debate was waived.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. A motion to postpone the bill in-
definitely had to be resorted to, and we were
compelled to vote against a bill we were all for
in order to get at the question at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. My recollection is that
tho debate was open ; but, as a matter of
course 
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague will
allow me to correct him, the rule was not
waived at all; but I moved to postpone the
bill indefinitely, and that motion was subject,
of course, to discussion, and then we were con-
fined to the rule—we were not, it is true, but
we might have been—that on amotion to post-
pone you shall not discuss the merits of the
proposition. That is the trouble. We could
have been called to order at any moment. We
were not called to order, I believe.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; a motion to post-
pone indefinitely opens the whole question,
and it was so stated when that bill was up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would have finished
before this time if I had been allowed to pro-
ceed. I hope that the Senator from Illinois
and my colleague will see that any long dis-
cussion or delay about the passage of this reso-
lution, after we have had two votes indicating
the purpose of the Senate to pass it, will only
consume time. I will make a proposition that
I think those two Senators ought to agree to.
It is important to pass the naval appropriation,
and I suppose the debate upon it is nearly
through. I think it but fair and right that the
bill spoken of a while ago by my colleague, in
which three States have a direct interest, should
be voted upon by the Senate. I do not myself
desire to discuss it. I do not know that any
Senator here would object to having a vote
upon it after a reasonable debate. Now, I
suggest that we pass this resolution to-day;
then take up the naval appropriation bill and
pass that; and then give the Senators who rep-
resent the three States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois an opportunity to vote, after such a
debate as Senators may choose to indulge in,
upon that two per cent. bill. I think in that
way we can in a short time dispose of those
tWfee matters and go on with other business.
( As regards this resolution, I think it does
not go far enough. The time has arrived in
the Senate of the United States when a pre-
vious question is indispensable. I stated here
once before, and I now affirm, that there is no
legislative body in the civilized world except
the Senate of the United States that has not
some kind of a previous question. We have
kept up unlimited debate here because, in the
spirit of old hunkerdom, we did not like to
invade any rule that was established when the
Senate was composed of twenty-six members.
Now, when we have seventy-four, it is indis-
pensably necessary to have a previous ques-
tion, and this is the mildest homeoparhic dose
of a previous question, limiting debate on
amendments to appropriation bills,/
Th'e PRESIDING OFFICE^f(Mr. Car-
penter.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois, to postpone the pend-
ing resolution until Monday next.
Mr. CASSERLY. If debate is in order on
that motion, I should like to say a word or
two.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall vote for the. mo-
tion to postpone. I shall do so, not because
I am opposed to excluding general legislation
from appropriation bills, not because I am
opposed to expediting the legitimate business
of the session. I am in favor of expediting
the legitimate business of the session. I am
in favor of disposing of the appropriation bills
with all practicable dispatch. If the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island was
drawn so as to conduce to that result, for I do
not wish to say anything of the motive, it would
receive no opposition from me.
But, sir, the dj^culty is that we have tested
his resolution. /We know what construction
was put upon it at the last session by that
Senator himself, and by the Senate which
stood at his back. What was that construc-
tion ? It was a construction which held dis-
tinctly that under this rule general legislation
was admissible upon an appropriation bill.
It is true that construction was put upon the
ground that there was something in the bill
which related to the subject of the new legis-
lation; but it, is quite evident upon the slight-
est reflection that there must be always, not
merely something, but many things in an ap-
propriation bill which relate to the statutes of
Congress, for the reason that appropriation
