412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
been the effect of our legislation. This bill
proposes to raise the salaries of all the Gov-
ernors up to the standard of $3,600. At
present the Governor of Wyoming has $3,000
  year, and the Governor of Idaho $2,500.
Taking off the salary as superintendent of
Indian affairs, the Governor of Idaho has only
SI,500 a year, wbieh is not enough to support
him, or anythinglike it.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is one remarkable
feature in our legislation since this session be-
gan up to this hour, aud it is that, coming
right out of a contest in which both parties
gave the most soleuau assurance of retrench-
ment and reform, scarcely a bill has come be-
fore the House to be acted on that did not
increase somebody's salary or create new
offices. Here are gentlemen who received
salaries during the whole war, when our cur-
rency was greatly in excess of the ordinary
average iu our history, and prices were corre-
spondingly enormously high, and even then
we were able to prevent an increase of those
salaries. But now, sir, just at the close of a
contest for retrenchment, almost every bill
brought iuto this House proposes an increase
of salary. The appropriation bills are loaded
down with such propositions. I think, sir,
that there is a decent respect due to the posi-
tion which the country itself occupies npon
this subject. The very fact that the two great
political parties of the country have favored
retrenchment and reform is some evidence
that the people themselves demand it. And
yet, sir, we are giviug to the people an ex-
ample of unprecedented extravagance in the
civil expenditures of the Government, an ex-
travagance unknown during the loose legisla-
tion of the war.
I understand from the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi that the object of this bill is to codify
the statutes in regard to the Territories, and
strangely enough, the example of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations must be followed by
every other committee.
Here is an incidental instance, where mem-
bers of a Territorial Legislature received so
much per day, and for the purpose of codify-
ing and equalizing, every other salary in all the
Territories must be brought up accordingly.
Some Governor npon whom some additional
duties were devolved iu years past had his
salary increased. Instead of now redacing his
salary down to the average every other salary
must be brought up to bis limit. It is for this
reason that some of ua here have resisted day
after day the effort made to increase salaries,
because any instance of increase will be used
hereafter as an argument in favor of increasing
other salaries. It is to be supposed that soon
there will be an effort made to increase the
very handsome compensation now received by
members of Congress, a compensation largely
above the salaries ordinarily received by offi-
cers of this Government.
It becomes necessary that every bill should
be carefully read. The other day a bill, which
appeared to be very innocent in its character,
when read was found to increase a salary a thou-
sand dollars a year. I trust that the assur-
ances which were so solemnly and earnestly
given to the country by the Representatives of
the people will not be forgotten at so early a
period; that, instead of the profligacy of ex-
penditure incident to times of war, there will
be an honest effort to reduce the expenses of
the civil service of the Government.
Mr. McKEE. I desire to say in this mat-
ter that because we have heretofore had Gov-
ernors in New Mexico and Idaho at a salary
of $1,500 a year, when that amount will not
pay their expenses, it does not give any vasted
right to us to keep on starving them at that
rate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Did the gentleman
ever know an instance of any of these Gov-
ernors resigning on account of bis poor com-
pensation ?
Mr. McKEE. I have known several.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know several gen-
tlemen who would be glad to take their places.
Mr. McKEE. That may be true; and it is
also true that many gentlemen would be will-
ing to take the places of Congressmen here.
I do not see the force of that argument. I
now yield to the gentleman from Arizona,
[Mr. McCokmick.]
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I am sorry
that my excellent friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] who is always so watchful of the
Treasury, should not have discovered that this
is a bill in the direct interest of reform. It
begins by declaring that hereafter the sessions
of the Legislatures of the several Territories of
the United States shall be limited to forty days
each, whereas they are now most of them
allowed to extend to sixty days. In that par-
ticular a large saving will be brought about
by the passage of this bill, and forty days will,
I apprehend, be found ample for all proper
legislation.
In reference to the salaries of Governors and
secretaries of Territories, the increase pro-
posed by this bill is very small in most of the
Territories. In a number of instances, as in
Colorado at the present time, the Governor
receives but $1,500 a year, because of the fact
that a year or two since the superintendent
of Indian affairs in that Territory was made a
distinct officer. When the present legislative
salaries were fixed the territorial Legislatures
met annually; now they meet but once in two
years. I have always understood that it was
the intention of the House when provision was
: made for the meeting of these Legislatures but
I once in two years to give a more adequate
compensation to their members. It should
have been done when the biennial sessions
were directed.
I can only say that so far as concerns the
present salaries they are totally inadequate to
enable legislators to meet the daily expenses
of board and lodging in the different capitals
of the Territories. I myself have had in my
possession not a few due bills for money loaned
when I was secretary of one of the Territo-
ries to accommodate members of the Legis
lature who found it absolutely impossible to
return to their respective homes without bor-
rowing money, and who often were very seri-
ously embarrassed by the meagre pay allowed
them for their services, while many good men
have refused to go to the Legislature for fear
of pecuniary embarrassment.
So far as the Governors and secretaries of
your Territories are concerned, they are the
most poorly paid officers of this Government,
and have always been so. While salaries have
been increased in every other possible direc-
tion, there has been no increase of their sala-
ries for a long series of years. The Territo-
ries are ran cheaper in every particular than
any other branch of the Government has ever
been run. It ia time that simple justice should
be done them. I see no reason why the Gov-
ernor of a Territory should be obliged to
involve himself heels over head in debt; why
the secretary of a Territory should go out ot
office in debt, or why a member of a territo-
rial Legislature should be obliged to incur debt,
for the simple reason that the Congress of the
United States has hitherto not provided any-
thing like an adequate compensation to them,
or a compensation in .proportion to that of
other officers of the Government.
Now, I agree with my good friend from In-
diana that the American people want reform;
that they desire an economical administration
of the Government; but at the same time I
think this bill is all right and just. The gen-
tleman says it is in excess of anything pro-
posed even in war times. Why, sir, it was
proposed repeatedly during war times; and
two. or three years ago I introduced the very
bill upon which this one is based. It was ap-
proved by the Territorial Committee ; but the
matter came up so late in the session that the
committee was riot able to get the floor.
Another strong argument in favor of an in-
crease of salaries in the Territories is the cost
of living and of traveling in most of them,
particularly in those west of the Rocky mount-
ains. This cost is and must be very much
greater than that in any other partof the Union,
and should always be considered in connection
with the compensation of territorial officers of
every class, and when appropriations for the
Territories are to be made. Those gentlemen
who have at any time lived upon the froutier
will not question this, and those who have not
cannot consistently do so. I may say that a
friend from California reminds me that the
Legislature of that State has authority to sit
tour months, and the members are paid ten
dollars each per day in gold coin.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If this bill is to
be acted on now, I ask that we may insert an
amendment similar to that which has been in-
serted in the legislative bill. If the amend-
ment I propose be read, I am sure no one
will object to it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the bill the following :
Provided, That no law of any territorial Legisla-
ture shall be made or enforced by which any officer
of a Territory, or the officers or members of any ter-
ritorial Legislature, shall be paid any compensation
other than that provided by the laws of the United
States.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. TAFFE. I believe it is the law now.
Mr. CLAGETT. The phraseology of the
amendment is wrong in this particular: it
applies to all territorial officers. There are
territorial officers who receive iio compensa-
tion whatever from the United States.
Mr. TAFFE. Say "Federal officers."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I modify the
amendment by inserting after the words "any
officer of a Territory," the words " herein pro-
vided for."
The SPEAKER. The amendment as thus
modified will be considered as adopted if
i there be no objection. The Chair hears
I none. The question is on ordering the bill as
I amended to be engrossed for a third reading.
1 Mr. HOLMAN. I move tp recommit this
\ bill; and I wish to say a wovd in favor of that
motion. I trust this House will not sanction
thits early in the present session the policy
of increasing salaries. It was certainly not
expected by the country that this policy would
be pursued. We must discountenance such
measures as this, or our extravagance will be
without precedent in our legislative history in
time of peace. Thus far we have gone on
uniformly in increasing salaries.
I trust this bill will be recommitted, and
that the Committee on the Territories will
reduce these salaries to a fair average between
the lowest salaries and the highest. I think
that no committee ought to take the highest
salaries of a given class of officers and bring
all up to that level Now when we are coming
back to comparative cheapness of living, when
the influences of the war have in great meas-
ure ceased to operate, it seems ap improper
time for inoreasing salaries.
I trust gentlemen will bear in mind another
consideration. If there is to be a general
increase of salaries, why did not gentlemen
sey so when they went before the people dur-
ing the last campaign ? Why did they not
run the risk of taking the judgment of, the
people upon the question of increased expend-
itures of the Government ? Bills of this class
remain dormant until after the great contest
through which we have passed, and then they
are brought forward in an avalanche and
sought to be put through the House.
Mr. MERRITT. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman from Indiaua, [Mr. These
bills were prepared to be reported by the Com-
mittee on the Territories during thelast session,
before this "great contest" of allien the gen-
tleman speaks, though it was pot much of a
contest aa it turned out. [Laughter.J This bill
