1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
Geneva Award—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
Court Reports, uses this language in his opin-
ion, rendered in 1867. He says:
"Another means of transportation,equal in import-
ance to the steamboat, has also come into existence
since the Constitution was adopted, a means by
which merchandise is transported across States and
kingdoms in the same vehicle in which it started.
The railroad now shares with the steamboat the
monopoly of the carrying trade. The one has, with
great benefit, been subject to the control of salutary
congressional legislation, because it is an instrument
of commerce. Is there any reason why the other
should not? However, this question may be
answered in regard to that commerce which is con-
ducted wholly within the limits of a State, and is,
therefore, neither foreign commerce nor commerce
among the States. It seems to me, that where these
roads become parts of great highways of our Union,
transporting a commerce which embraces many
States, and destined, as some of these roads are, to
become the channels through which the nations of
Europe and Asia shall interchange their commodi-
ties, there can be no reason to doubt that to regulate
them is to regulate commerce, both with foreign
nations and among the States; and that to refuse to
do this is a refusal to discharge one of the most
important duties of the Federal Government.
"As already intimated, the shackles with which
the different States fettered commcrce in their selfish
efforts to benefit themselves at the expense of their
confederates was one of the main causes which led
to the formation of our present Constitution. The
wonderful growth of that commerce, since it has
been placed exclusively under the control of the
federal Government, has justified the wisdom of
our fathers. But are we to remit the most valuable
part of that commerce again to the control of the
States, and to the consequent vexations and burdens
which the States may impose through whose terri-
tories it must be carried on ? And must all this be
permitted because the carrying is done by a method
not thought of when the Constitution was framed?
(m For myself, I must say that I have no doubt of the
right ofCongress to prescribe all needful and proper
regulations for the conduct of this immense traffic
over any railroad which has voluntarily become
part of one of those lines of interstate communi-
cation, or to authorize the creation of such roads,
when the purposes of interstate transportation of
persons and property justify or require it."
Mr. Speaker, I think I have said enough to
show that power exists in Congress over this
subject to enable it to control the railroads
engaged in% transporting commerce from one
State to another.
Now. the demand is imperative that this
power should be exercised. For the purpose of
gathering the necessary information in refer-
ence to the railroads extending from State to
State to enable Congress to legislate upon the
subject, I introduced a bill during the present
session providing for the appoiutment of three
commissioners, to be appointed by the President
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, whose duty it should be to gather all the
necessary information, and report to Congress
at the beginning of the next regular session
the results of their investigations, together with
their recommendation as to what legislation is
needed to correct the abuses now complained
of. I earnestly desire the passage of that bill,
for the purpose of putting us in possession of
the necessary information. At a former ses-
sion a committee of this House reported that
it could not frame a bill upon this subject for
the want of the necessary information.
Nothing has since been done to supply the
defect, and this Congress ought not to adjourn
without the passage of a bill providing for
such a commission; and when such informa-
tion is furnished, Congress ought to pass such
a law as will protect the people of the country
from the extortions of the railroads forming
lines of commerce between the States, and at
the same time insure greater safety to life
and property transported on such roads. Be-
lieving as I do that Congress has ample power
over the subject, I think it will fail in its
duty to the people if it fails to exercise it.
Already the railroad stretches from the At-
lantic to the Pacific ocean and other lines of
eqiial length are in course of construction.
Are these great corporations, whose con-
tinuous lines now stretch through eight States
and two Territories between New York
and the Pacific ocean, to control absolutely
the commerce of this nation/ If sOj the
sooner we know it the better. If this rail-
road power of our country cannot be con-
trolled by law, then, indeed, we live under a
despotism of the most grinding and exacting
character; and the evils we now suffer from
this source are nothing compared to those
that will be inflicted upon us in years to come
when this interest shall have become much
more powerful than it now is. Sir, it is idle
to talk of controlling this commerce by State
authority. Who can hope or expect that these
thirty-seven States will ever adopt a uniform
system upon this subject even if they had the
power ? Here, if at all, relief is to be given
by law. Here, and here only, a system can
be adopted that shall be uniform and just.
Mr. Speaker, I would not, if 1 could, in-
jure the railroads; I would encourage their
growth and extension, but I would subject
them to the restraints of just and equitable
laws. I would give them to understand at an
early day that in this country no class of per-
sons or corporations can be above the laws.
Over the railroads of our country is transported
not only the commerce between the States, but
the commerce between the interior States and
foreign nations is transported to the seaboard
by railroads. Western Europe is constructing
new lines of railroads to the plains of Hungary
and other producing sections of Europe, and
already ancient Egypt is being traversed by the
iron horse. With cheap transportation the
wealth of Asia will be poured into the lap of
our country. Indeed our prosperity as a people
absolutely depends upon cheap transportation.
With excessive freights imposed upon what
we sell and what we buy, our products cannot
compete with those of Europe, with their
shorter lines of transportation and cheaper
freights.
Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to dis-
cuss this great question with fairness and can-
dor. 1 know that it is regarded as a new one
when applied to railroads. Still it is only
applying an old principle to a new subject;
and if i have succeeded in throwing any light
upon it I shall have accomplished all I could
hope.
Geneva Award.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
Oi' MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
February 14, 1873.
The House having resumed consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 3139) to provide for tho just and
equitable distribution of the award made to tho
United States by the commissioners at Geneva, under
the treaty of Washington—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said :
Mr. Speaker : 1 desire the attention of the
House while I explain as well as I may the
action of this bill. The agents of the United
States obtained for wrongs done to the Uni-
ted States the sum of $15,500,000 in coin,
to be paid next September by the Government
of Great Britain. It has now become neces-
sary to provide tho means by which in the
judgment of its legislative assembly the United
States will distribute this amount of money
so as to most justly indemnify its citizens for
losses of the classes for which the money was
recovered. The first question which presents
itself is, whose money is it? The Committee
on the Judiciary have determined so far as
they are concerned that it is the money of the
United States, held free from all special claims,
trusts, or conditions. If wo have determined
this question correctly, then it remains for the
United States to provide only means for such
distribution of the money as shall seem to
the legislative power to be in accordance
with the principles of natural equity and jus-
tice. To aid in the solution of this question
I desire to submit to the House a few facts as
to the course of proceedure before the arbitra-
tion of the award from which this fund arises.
The first attempt at negotiation between
Great Britain and the United States for settle-
ment of our grievances during the late war
resulted in the Johnson and Clarendon treaty.
That provided for " claims of citizens of the
United States against Great Britain." Because
of that provision, among other things, that
treaty was rejected by the Senate. Then came
the Washington negotiation, which resulted in
a treaty by which all the wrongs done the
United States growing out of depredations of
certain cruisers, generically known as the
Alabama claims, were to be submitted to the
tribunal at Geneva for its award. Our agent
went before that tribunal, sent under ceriain
instructions which are very material and which
answer six or seven pamphlets which claim
that the United States is bound by the award
of that tribunal as to the mode and form in
which the fund arising therefrom is to be dis-
tributed, that have been submitted to the con-
sideration of the House. I ask tlie Clerk to
read an extract from those instructions.
The CJerk read as follows:
"The President, desires to have the subject dis-
cussed as one between the two Governments, and ho
directs me to urge upon you strongly to secure, if
possible, the award of a sum in gross.
" In the discussion of this question, and in the
treatment of the entire case, you will be careful not
to commit tho Government as to the disposition of
what may bo awarded, or what may be recovered in
the event of the appointment of the board of assess-
ors mentioned in the tenth article of the treaty. It
is possible that thero may be duplicate claims for
sorno of tho property alleged to have been captured
or destroyed, as m the case of insurers and insured.
" The Government wishes to hold itself freo to
decide as to the rights and claims of insurers, upon
the termination of tho case. If the value of tho
property captured or dostroyed be recovered in the
name of the Government, tho distribution of the
amount recovered will be made by this Government,
without committal as to the mode of distribution.
It is expected that all such committal bo avoided in
the argument of counsel."
Mr. POTTER. Is that an extract from the
letter of the agent ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
that is from the letter of instructions from the
Government to our agent, Mr. Bancroft Davis.
Mr. POTTER. What is the date?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Decem-
ber 8, 1871.
Mr. HALE. Is it the letter to Mr. Ban-
croft Davis or to Messrs. Gushing, Evarts, and
Waite?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is the
letter to Mr. Bancroft Davis, agent of the
United States to conduct the case before the
tribunal.
In order, however, that there might be no
mistake as to this important matter, the Govern-
ment, through the State Department, issued—
and I called the attention of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] to this point—precisely
the same letter of instructions to the counsel
of the United States, Messrs. Cushiug, Kvart9,
and Waite, enjoining them that ill any argu-
ment they should make they should be care-
ful not to commit the Government to any pri-
vate claim whatever. The following is the
letter of instructions to these gentlemen,
identical in language to the clause I have
quoted above:
Dbpabmbnt op State,
Washington, December 8,1871.
Gentlemen: In tho discussion of this question
and in tho treatment of the entire ease you will bo
careiul not to commit the Government as to thedis-
position of what may be awarded or what may bo
recovered in the event of rhe appointment of the
board of assessors mentioned in the tenth article of
the treaty. It is possible that there may be dupli-
cate claims for some of the property alleged to have
been captured and destroyed, as in the case of in-
surers and insured. The Government wishes to hold
itself l'ree to decide as to the rights and claims of
