APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
IIo. of Reps.
Geneva Award—Mr. JButler,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
insurers upon the termination of the case. If the
value of the property captured or destroyed be re-
covered in the name of the Government, the distri-
bution of the amount recovered will be made by
this Government without committal as to the mode
of distribution. It is expected that all auch com-
mittal be avoided in the argument of counsel.
I have the honor to be, gentlemen, your obedient
servant- hamilton fish.
Hon. Caleb Cosiiing, William M. Evarts, and
M. R. Waite.
Thus it will be seen that the Government
refused utterly to undertake to bind them-
selves or to be bound in any way to any dis-
tribution of this award. They determined to
hold what might be awarded as compensation
for the wrongs of the United States, so that
there_ should be no right on the part of any
individual to say " My money is there; I
must have it." The award was to be and was
in full settlement of all claims, as well those
of the Government as of its citizens; for under
the well-known principle of international law,
110 citizen of one Power can have an indi-
vidual claim upon a hostile Power for bellig-
erent acts; and although Great Britain was in
form a neutral Power during the war when
the acts complained of were done, yet we
were dealing with her (if I may use the word
by way of illustration) as accessory to a hos-
tile belligerent Power and standing in its
place. Therefore we put all claims against
her on the same ground that we should have
done if the acts for which indemnity was sought
had been acts of a belligerent Power. Thus
in advance the United States refused and
directed their agents to refuse to take this
ruoney otherwise than as its own, to be dealt with
at its own will. The Government instructed
its agents and counsel not only not to bind it
to become a trustee for this money for any
claimant, but to so conduct the cause that no
argument should be made that should raise
the implication of such trust in the hands
of any arbitrator. Words cannot make the
position of the Government stronger on this
point.
I think this fact, rightly considered, disposes
of a great number of claims which have been
presented here 011 the ground that the United
States holds this money in trust to be distrib-
uted under some special rule of municipal
law. The United States cannot be made a
trustee against its will, and it expressly de-
clared that in reference to this money it would
not be made trustee for anybody. No class
of claimants have come here to set up the
existence of such a trust except the insurance
companies, the underwriters, who demand that
their claims shall be first considered and first
paid.
And being a body of great wealth and power,
they have brought before your committee two
very able, learned, and eloquent counsel, who
have made arguments before us and submitted
briefs which are on your tables, claiming the
sum secured by the United States as re-
ceived upon a trust in favor of the insurance
companies. They submitted the same argu-
ment to the Senate of the United States—and
I suppose I may refer to the past action of the
Senate as shown in the Globe—and that claim
was met simply by a vote of two thirds of the
Senate against that assumption ; and for these
among other reasons, that the insurance com-
panies entered into the business of insuring
as a matter of profit. They took 110 risk but
what they believed on the theory of insurance,
and as a rule in theory of fact, the premium
was equal to the risk. They took equivalent
pay for everything they did ; and they^ have
leceived in war premiums much more in the
aggregate than all they have paid out. The
whole amount they claim to have paid out is a
little more than $5,000,000. When we come to
take out the amount of reinsurance, the amount
of war premiums which are now on file claimed
to have been paid amount to over $6,000,000,
and probably not more than two thirds have
been filed. So the insurance companies as a
body have made a clear profit of $2,000,000
out of the war risks arising out of the depre-
dations of the rebel cruisers.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, it has not seemed
to your committee just or equitable that a sec-
ond payment in addition to that already made
to the iusurers by premiumsthey have received
from the merchants of the country should be
made out of this indemnity fund received by
the UnitedStates, if for the benefit of any indi-
vidual, only for those who had suffered loss.
The underwriters were only men who went
into the war as a business speculation ; and
they are no more entitled to be indemnified
for losses in that business than men are
entitled to be indemnified by the Government
for losses in any other business.
A Member. Still the award gives it to
them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
come to that before I have finished all I have
to say about the insurance companies.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, it seemed to us that
to give them money they already received
would be clearly to pay them twice; but be-
sides, as they have claimed to be repaid their
reinsurance in such cases if we allowed these
claims, the same loss would be paid three
times.
But it did seem equitable to your committee,
and our bill provides, where an insurance com-
pany made a loss 011 the whole, taking an
account of profit and loss, because of war in-
surance, if it turns out the underwriters made
an actual loss on the whole, that he shall be
paid for such actual loss, but subordinating
that payment in our judgment to the more
meritorious classes of claimants. So if there
are any unfortunate insurance companies
which have suffered by these depredations,
those unfortunate insurance companies have
a right under this bill to share in the award.
Now, then, the insurance companies claim
they were subrogated to the rights of the
assured. That is true as a principle of mer-
cantile law well understood and in all courts
of justice to bo fully administered. But what
is the principle of subrogation ? It is, where
the underwriter pays a total loss in full, if
anything bo saved out of the wreck he shall
have the right to that fragment; in other
words, he shall have all the rights the assured
had when he abandoned the property and
claimed his loss on his policy. That is the
law and has been frequently adjudicated. But
the difficulty in its application to the matter
in hand, here is nothing to which the assured
have any legal right. I have already enun-
ciated (which no man will be rash enough to
dispute as a principle of international or pub-
lic law) that no citizen has any claim against
a foreign Government for any act done m
carrying on hostilities in war. Therefore the
assured have no rights to which the insurance
companies can be subrogated. If any one of
these ships where the insurance companies
paid the loss, yea, if any splinter of them
was saved, the insurance companies would
have the right to that splinter; but the unf'oi-
tunate fact existing in bar of this claim is, every
splinter lias gone to the bottom, and the only
thing above tho ocean is the right of the
United States as a nation to claim that Great
Britain make good her neutral obligations by
the payment of money for the wrong done the
Government or answer the consequences. In
neither the money to be paid nor the conse-
quences to be suffered by Great Britain has the
assured any legal property which can pass to
the underwriter.
Suppose we had gone to war with Great
Britain to avenge our wrongs instead of taking
money by arbitration in payment for them, how
many insurance companies would come foward
and clai m they were subrogated to the duty of the
assured to pay the expenses of that war because
they were assignees of the rights of the assured
to receive what might be gained by the war?
They would have paid 110 able counsel to come
here and advocate the performance of that
which would be correlative duty if they had
any peculiar right to results of the war.
Suppose further, that in that war to vindicate
the rights of the assured and their subrogated
underwriters, the United States had been beaten
and compelled to pay the costs of the war by
the provisions of the treaty of peace as France
lately was by Germany to many millions, should
we find the insurance companies here anxious
and lobbying to be subrogated to the rights of
the assured in such results of our negotiations
with Great Britain?
Or if the other clause of the treaty of
Washington, which provides for a commission
which shall give remedy to the citizens of Great
Britain against the Uuited States, results so
disastrously to us that we are compelled to pay
much more than the Geneva award for the
losses of British subjects by the war, will the
underwriters come forward and beg to be sub-
rogated as representing the assured to any share
of that loss by the Government?
In that case tlioy would be in the condition
of the good citizen in Ireland who made himself
an informer and found that the penalty was
fifty lashes, half of which were to go to the
informer. And to get that share we should
not have had able counsel here to subrogate
them to the rights of the assured.
Sir, I will no f urther discuss this question. It
is fully presented in the report of your commit-
tee, and 1 wait to hear the answer. But let me
say that I am quite familiar with the cases cited
by the learned counsel for the insurance compa-
nies of Oomegys vs. Vasse (1 Pet. R., 193) and
the case of liogers vs. Hosacks, executors, (18
Wendell, K., 319,) and the cases therein com-
mented upon. I desire the House tounderstand
that in those two cases the courts were dealing
with an entirely different subject-matter, i. C..
the rights of the citizen when their own Gov-
ernment have by treaty given the individual a
claim upon itself because of losses suffered by
the depredations or wrongs of a neutral Power;
or in other words, when by direct words or
implication it assumes to pay its citizens for
such wrongs. In that case the citizen has a
legal right assignable both at law and in equity.
By the treaty of Washington no claim is
assumed by the Government in favor of the
citizen, arid nothing thereby comes into exist-
ence which can be assignable.
The case ot' Oomegys vs. Yasse (1 Peters'
Report, 193) was where the United States had
assumed by treaty with Spain all the losses
of its citizens to a certain amount. Vasse was
an insurer and he had paid for the total loss
of a vessel. And when the United States
commissioners awarded the payment for that
vessel lost by the act of Spain, which claim
they recognized as the property of a citizen,
because it was a claim by a citizen against
his own Government, and thus recognized,
Vasse came into court and insisted that the
amount $8,000 should come to him, because
he was subrogated under the principles of law
which I have named to the rights of the
assured, and the assured having received his
money already from Vasse had no right to
this $8,000. The court so held, because it
was about to be paid to the assured as his
property, and it was a right to which the under-
writer was subrogated.
In the case of Hosack vs. Rogers's ex-
ecutors the same principle was decided under
the same limitations; that is, the case arose out
of a claim against our Government, assumed by
