1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Geneva Award—Mr. Butler.
Ho. 03? Reps.
our Government as a claim of a citizen injured
by a foreign Government, for which we made
express reclamation.
But our Government, as I have already
brought to the attention of the House, refused
to make any such reclamation for claims of
citizens. That is a principal reason why the
Johnson-Clarendon treaty, made reclamation
for claims of citizens, and such reclamation
only was set aside.
The question then arises, how shall award
be most equitably divided? Your committee
have reported that—
"All such corporations and citizens of the United
States, actual owners of property at the time of its
destruction, whether ships or cargoes, outfit, ad-
vanced or other wages paid to officers and seamen,
or freights actually earned, lost by capture," &c.—
shall be first paid. Secondly, that all losses
by officers, seamen, and crews, and the amount
necessary to get themselves home again, shall
be paid. Next, that where a party, an owner
of a ship or cargo, has been insured in part
only he shall be paid his loss beyond his
insurance. Next, that the Government of
the United States, where it lost its own ves-
sels or lost vessels which were under charter
to it, and by the terms of the charter party
the United Stateg were bound to pay for its
loss, and have paid for the loss of the vessel,
that the Government, standing like a private
individual who had lost his property without
insurance, should be paid.
Then we come to another class of cases.
And let. me call the attention of the House to
the fact that here is the most substantial dif-
ference between the bill presented now to the
House and the bill passed through the Senate.
The Senate bill throws out the insurers' pros-
pective profits, unearned wages, unearned
freights, all the things the House bill does,
except one. Our bill provides the war pre-
miums shall be paid ; that is, that the mer-
chants of our country who paid increased
premiums to insure against war risks during
the w^r, to insure their property against the
cruisers, shall have their war premiums back
again, out of this fund, because we look upon
such payment as a total loss to them, whether
they get their insurance or not. If they get
their insurance they lose their premium. If
they did not get their insurance they lost their
vessel as well as the premium. Therefore we
say that these war premiums should come in.
What, sir, is the answer to this so appar-
ently just proposition? One answer is that
the war premiums were in the course of a
business, and that they were put into that
business as a part of the profits of the busi-
ness, and that the merchant has got the profits
out of the consumer or his customer.
If such were the fact, I should hardly be able
to say one word in favor of a payment of the
war premiums, which would be a second pay-
ment; but the supposition of fact is not well
founded. Upon one of our vessels the war
premium was paid in order that she might go
to sea; but she could not get freight on as
reasonable terms as vessels that bore a foreign
flag. The foreign flag protected both the vessel
and the cargo, and any merchant who sent his
ventures forth under a foreign flag had it pro-
tected from all rebel cruisers. The merchant
who freighted in vessels under our flag had to
pay war premium to insure his cargo. Where-
ever any vessel carrying our flag was owned
by owners so patriotic that they would not sail
under a British flag, they had to pay the war
premium. But British vessels took the carry-
ing trade from them because the British flag
covered both the vessel and the cargo safely.
So that our merchants were obliged to diminish
their charges for freight to an amount equal
to what the merchant paid as war premium to
get a cargo, beside losing the premium on their
vessels.
I come now to another consideration; and
that is, cargo and-freight where undoubtedly
the war premium should, under ordinary cir
cumstances, have come in to the merchant
before he sold the cargo ; but the difficulty here
was that merchant was obliged to sell his
cargo in competition with cargoes that came
in British vessels on which war premium was
not paid. He could not add the war premium
to the price of his goods, because he was com-
peting in the markets of this country with the
cargoes of foreign vessels coming here without
the war premium. Let me give an illustra-
tion : an American ship during the war was
at Hong Kong, to be loaded with tea by a
merchant who must pay war premium ; a
British ship is lying along side of her, and an
American merchant loaded that vessel with
tea, and the two vessels started for this coun-
try. The British ship would have her freight
less the war premium, and the American ship
bad it plus the war premium. Both went into
the market, and the American cargo had to
take the market price without the addition of
the war premium if it competed with the
British ship ; or if the British ship put up the
freight so that the consumer had to pay it if
he bought the American tea, it is not true that
the merchant got it as profit. I challenge
fullest discussion on this point.
Now, I have seen a pamphlet distributed
here which says that the United States cannot
undertake to protect its citizens from foolish
fear of loss, and therefore we ought not to pay
the war premium. To that. I answer, will any-
body consider that paying war insurance was
from a foolish fear of loss, when cruisers are
abroad which had swept eight million odd
dollars' worth of our commerce from the seas?
Was it not wise and prudent to pay the war
premium, and were not the war premiums the
direct result of the action of Great Britain and
the southern confederacy in sending out these
cruisers, and was it not necessary for the mer-
chant to protect himself against these great
dangers ?
Mr. DAWES here made a remark which
was entirely inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The con-
sumer did not pay the war premium to the
merchant at all. The merchant never got the
war premium ; but, the consumer may have
had to pay an enhanced pricc because the
merchant who imported in a British vessel
would put up the price of his goods so as to
get an enhanced profit equal to the war pre-
mium paid by his American competitor.
Mr. HALE. Would it not be more likely
to go the other way, that prices would be kept
down by British competition?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It would
be very likely, as the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] suggests, to work the other way.
But giving the whole advantage of the argu-
ment, the war premiums were never returned
to the merchants. Therefore your committee
have put the war premiums in a class by them-
selves.
Now that leads me to the consideration of
another proposition of the bill. We have
made two grand classes of claimants: the men
who lost property, either uninsured or above
the insurance, the crews and officers who lost
their wages, and the United States, who lost
their vessels by fheir being actually burned,
as in the case of the Caleb Gushing and others,
under charter, amounting to a small sum,
making a class of losses the most meritorious,
which we say shall be first paid, at all events.
Then the merchants paying the war premiums,
and the insurance companies, who have made
an actual loss out of their war risks, form
another class by themselves, to be in full only
if there is enough to pay them ; and if there is
not enough to pay them then both are to be
paid jpro rata, putting both on the same basis
precisely, giving to the insurers all they lost,
making both in fact to stand in the same cate-
gory with the war premiums.
We think there is enough to pay them all.
And if any gentleman will turn to the report of
the committee, (document No. 47,) he will And
some tables on this subject in the appendix.-
The amount cUiraed by America was in gross
$19,000,000; but there were immense claims
that had no business there, so that they were
reduced before the tribunal to $14,000,000.
The British commission found the amount
which should be paid to be about $7,000,000
of actual losses, throwing out prospective
profits, prospective earnings, and prospective
catch of whales, and all the matters which
ought not to be allowed. By a fair adjudica-
tion of all these claims in the court there would
be from six to seven millions of actual losses
suffered.
Then there are from five to six million dol-
lars of war premiums which we have an
account of so far. Allowing that to be the
war premiums, then, as there were about five
millions of insurance actually paid, the loss
to the insurance companies who were unfor-
tunate will turn out when we come to settle
up the balance not to be a very great sum.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow a
question right here ?
Mr. SUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. HALE Does the committee believe
that the amount of five or six million dollars
named by the gentleman is the aggregate of
the war premiums ; does it approximate the
whole amount?
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. i think
it is only about two thirds of the whole
amount.
Mr. HALE. That is the judgement of the
gentleman himself?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the best judgment I can form on all the inform-
ation 1 have.
Mr. DAWES. That the war premiums were
one half more than that amount?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, I
think the statement of warpremiumsthathave
made their appearance is about $6,000,000.
I think that is about two thirds of the amount
that ever will make their appearance; so that
the whole amount of war premiums will be
about $9,000,000. Of course there is to be
deducted from this sum the amount of the
dividends of the mutual companies, which are
a part of the war premiums. I do not believe
that when brought into a court of justice, upon
an examination of the cost of the vessels and
cargoes actually lost, there will be more than
$6,000,000 at the outside. To that is to
be added the amount of seamens' wages that
have not be paid by the owners. And if the
war premiums all come in, that will leave
enough to pay the whole, because $15,500,000
in gold is equal to about $17,700,000 in cur-
rency, as gold now rules in the market. There-
fore there will be enough to pay the whole
provided no more interest is allowed to claim-
ants than that provided for in the bill, i. e.,
interest from date of the award.
But lest there should not be enough to pay
all, we have provided that the war premiums
and the loss of the insurance companies actu-
ally losing shall be paid pro rata after the men
actually losing their property and the seamen
actually losing their wages have been paid.
That is the action proposed by this bill;
that is the best judgment we could give as to
what wa3 high equity and good conscience,
what the United States ought to do to make
good the loss of its citizens out of this fund.
It seemed to your committee that we ought
to pay the more meritorious claims first of all,
the claims of those who carried on the com-
merce of the country, who, under the difficul-
ties of the war, aided us in suppressing the
rebellion. Then pay those who suffered loss
