1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment has
been proposed by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent.] The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] raises the point of
order that the amendment is not in order be-
cause it changes existing law. The Chair
overrules the point of order, and the gentle-
man from Indiana appeals from the decision
of the Chair. The question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of this committee?"
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment to change the amount appro-
priated for the fiscal year, with a proviso that
the increased amount shall continue to be the
salary of the President of the United States.
Under the uniform ruling, both in the House
and in Committee of the Whole, the Chair
overrules the point of order. An appeal being
taken, the question is, shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?
The question being taken, there were—ayes
twenty-two, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was not sus-
tained.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the amendment
without the proviso, and proposing simply to
strike out $25,000 and insert $50,000, so that
the clause will read:
For compensation of the President of the United
States, $50,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman cannot offer an amendment
in the exact words of a proposition which has
been already submitted and ruled out of order
by the committee. The gentleman uses the
exact words of his former amendment, merely
leaving out the proviso.
Mr. SARGENT. To sustain the point of i
order just raised by the gentleman from In-
diana would not be more absurd than the
action of the Committee of the Whole a few
moments ago, because the committee have
overruled what has been the uniform practice
of the House and of the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the further point
of order that in spite of the ruling, which has
been clearly erroneous, this amendment does
change an existing law.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that somebody else than the gentleman from
Indiana has the right to speak sometimes.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana will state his point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point is that this
amendment does in fact change an existing
law, and is in violation of the rule of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I take an appeal from the
decision. I do not believe the precedents are
uniform or at all reliable. I respectfully ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?
The question being taken, there were—ayes
50, noes 46 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 67.
So the decision of the Chair was not sus-
tained.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee over-
rules the decision of the Chair, and decides
that the amendment is not in order.
The Clerk read as follows :
For publishing the laws of the third session of the
Forty-Second Congress in pamphlet form and in
newspapers, $50,000: Provided, That after the 4th
day of March, 1875, the publication of Uie laws in
newspapers shall ceaae.-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The proviso of
the paragraph just read is unnecessary. It
was enacted last year. I move that it be struck
out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assessors,
assistant assessors, officers and agents, surveyors of
distilleries, gaugers, and storekeepers, together with
the expense of carrying into effeot the various pro-
visions of the several acts providing internal reve-
nue, excepting items otherwise estimated for, $5,600-
000: and hereafter the total net compensation of col-
lectors of internal revenue shall in no case exceed
$4,500 per annum.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
by striking out in the paragraph just read the
words "assessors, assistant assessors." By
a change of the law these officers have been
abolished.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In consequence
of the same change in the law we are enabled
to reduce this appropriation $1,000,000. I
move, therefore, to amend by striking out
"five" and inserting "four," so as to make
the amount of the appropriation $4,600,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For checks and certificates of deposit for office of
Assistant Treasurer at New York, and other offices,
$13,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The commit-
tee have instructed me to move to strike out
the lines just read, as they are embraced in
another part of the bill. The only object of
the amendment is to avoid surplusage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For rent of offioe, fuel, lights, postage, storage of
furniture of the Legislative Assembly, and expenses
of library, $3,000: Provided, That no law of any
territorial Legislature shall be made or enforced by
which the members of any territorial Legislature
shall be paid any compeasation other than that pro-
vided by the la^s of the United States."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend by inserting after the word "members,"
in the paragraph just read, the words "or
officers;" so that tne clause will read, "mem-
bers or officers of any territorial Legislature."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territory of Washington:
For salaries of Governor, ohief justice, two asso-
ciate j ustices, and secretary, $14,000.
For contingent expenses of the Territory, $1,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the item with reference to Washington
Territory be passed over temporarily. An
amendment making provision for expenses
of the General Assembly of that Territory is
being prepared.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We propose to
repeat with reference to Washington Territory
the language used in regard to the Territory of
New Mexico in lines eight hundred and forty-
three to eight hundred and forty-seven. When
the committee prepared this bill no estimate
for expenses of the Legislature of Washington
Territory was sent in, and we took it for
granted that the Legislature was not to meet
until next winter. We found out afterward,
when the report of the Secretary came to Con-
gress, that the territorial Legislature will hold
its regular session during the coming winter.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest that these
lines be passed over for the present.
There was no objection, and the lines were
passed over.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of War to have the rebel
archives examined, and copies furnished from time
to time for the use of the Government, $6,000: Pro-
vided, That no claims against the United States for
collecting, drilling, or organizing volunteers for the
war of the rebellion shall be audited or paid unless
presented before the end of the fiscal year ending
June 30,1874; and all claims for horses lost prior to
January 1, 1872, shall be presented by the end of
said fiscal year.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to strike out the
words " to enable the Secretary of War to have
the rebel archives examined, and copies furn-
ished from time to time for the use of the
Government, $6,000: provided." I believe
these archives have been examined and reex-
amined, and I can see no good reason why we
should make this appropriation for this still
further examination. I therefore move that
they be stricken from the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the Com-
mittee of the Whole will not strike out the
words referred to by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, and I do not think he will desire to have
them stricken out when he understands the
object for which they are there. A large part
of these archives consist of official papers, dis-
patches, records, and muster-rolls of the late
confederate government. They are now in
the possession of our Government. In the
southern claims commission, now sitting in
this city examining claims arising during the
war, as well as in the mixed commission exam-
ining claims of British subjects for property
destroyed during the war, constant reference
. is made to these records for the purpose of
ascertaining the character and status of the
claimants who make claims before these com-
missions. In many instances the Government
has been saved many thousands of dollars by
being able to find directly from these records
and archives exactly what the facts were in
regard to any given person whose claim is on
file. For the sake of enabling these two com-
missions to avail themselves of the inform-
; ation to be derived from these archives this
sum of $6,000 was put into the appropriation
bill last year, and we have made the appropri-
ation in this bill because the examination is
still necessary to be made by these two com-
missions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does this refer to
the papers which were purchased last summer ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. These are not
the papers to which the gentleman from Illi-
nois refers.
Mr. YOUNG. I insist on my motion to
strike out.
Mr. HOLMAN. Are not these the papers
which were purchased last year at an expend-
iture of $75,000? If they are not those papers,
then what are they?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will remember, and I presume his own recol-
lection will answer his question, that when
Richmond was captured and the confederate
government fell our Government seized the
archives of that government. We captured
the entire body of the papers of the confeder-
ate government, excepting those, of course,
which had been carried away. Dr. Lieber, of
New York, for nearly two years was employed
by the Government to arrange and index these
documents. They form, as I have stated, a
large body of papers, some in print and some
in manuscript. They have remained in the
custody of the War Department. These two
commissions, the one to examine into south-
ern claims and the other to examine into Brit-
ish claims, will sit here during the coming
year, and it is important to the Government
that every facility should be afforded for ref-
ence to these papers; and therefore this appro-
priation for $6,000 is inserted in this bill to
enable the Secretary of War to employ suffi-
cient clerical force to examine these records
and see whether any claims coming before
either one of these commissions can have light
thrown upon them by the information contained
in an efficient form in these archives.
Mr. DUKE. Does not that commission ex-
pire by operation of law on the 4th of March
next? and if so, will we not be appropriating
this money to no purpose ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot say
in reference to the southern commission, but
the British claims commission will not expire,
but will sit here, and it is necessary reference
should be had to these papers.
Mr. HOLMAN. We passed an act extend-
ing the southern claims commission for twc
years. It seems to me if this be for the pur-
pose o' furnishing the information stated by
