416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
the gentleman to these commissions, there is
some necessity for this appropriation.
Mr. YOUNG. I insist on my motion.
The committee divided ; and there Were—
ayes thirty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE. The last part of that para-
graph is as follows:
And all claims for horses lost prior to January
1, 1S72, shall be presented by the end of said fiscal
year.
I am at a loss to understand exactly in what
connection claims of that description are con-
templated, whether it means horses lost in col-
lecting, drilling, or organizing volunteers or
not, or whether loss of horses occurring gen-
erally during the period of our late war.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is correct, with this exception : the committee
wanted to have a limit beyond which these old
claims should not be filed. And the law, as
it stood, applied to all horses lost in the regu-
lar Army since the rebellion, as well as those
lost during it. We therefore fix«d the 1st of
January last as the limit, and have said that
all claims for horses in the regular Army or the
volunteer army prior to January last, in order
to be paid, must be presented by the end of the
present fiscal year; so that we may not have
any more of these old horse claims coming, as
some of them do, from the Mexican war.
Mr. RITCHIE. You refer to the property
of the soldiers only?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That only.
message from the president.
Here the committee informally arose; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 3124) to provide for the
removal of the sunken wreck which how ob-
structs the channel-way off Sandy Hook;
An act (H. It. No. 3131) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 8257) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire into
depredations on the frontiers of the State of
Texas.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Office of Chief Engineer:
For chief clerk, $2,000; three clerks of class four,
four clerks of class three, four clerks of class two,
four clerks of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, 9'25,7'rO.
For contingent expenses, namely, for stationery,
office furniture, miscellaneous and incidental ex-
penses, including two daily Washington newspapers,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment :
After the word " including" insert the words
professional books and maps, and."
In the office of the chief of engineers they
are required to be supplied with some profes-
sional books on engineering for their work.
The committee heard the chief engineer, who
satisfied them as to the necessity of this item.
The committee propose to appropriate for that
purpose $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend th« amount by making it "$8,600"
instead of,#'$3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Department of the Interior:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
88,000; Assistant Secretary, $3,500; chief clerk; four
clerks of class four, any of whom may be paid $200
extra, if the Secretary of the Interior deem it neoes-
sary and proper; five clerks of class four, one of
whom may be designated by the Secretary to act as
superintendent of the building, who shall receive
$200 additional compensation per annum ; addi-
tional to three disbursing clerks, three clerks of
class three, tour clerks of olass two, and one clerk
of class one; one messenger, two assistant messen-
gers, at$720 eaoh; and three laborers in his office;
in all, $47,640.
Mr. SARGENT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to move, as a
substitute for that paragraph, what I send to
the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out lines ten hundred and Seventy-two to
ten hundred and eighty-five, inclusive, and insert:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
$8,000; Assistant Secretary, $3,500; chief clerk,
$2,200; four olerks of class foar, any of whom may
be paid $200 additional, if the Secretary of the In-
terior deem it necessary and proper; six clerks of
class four, one of whom may be designated by the
Secretary to act as superintendent of the building,
who shall receive $200 additional compensation per
annum; additional to three disbursing clerks, six
clerks of class three; six clerks of class two, and six
clerks of class one; three copyists at $900 each per
annum; three messengers, two assistant messengers,
at $720 each; and six laborers in his office; in all
$69,430.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
explain the object of that amendment?
Mr. SARGENT. I will. I hold in my hand a
document which is too lengthy to be read at the
Clerk's desk, but the facts in this matter, as
understood by the committee, are the follow-
ing : in the Treasury Department the extra
employes are in the central part of the Depart-
ment. The Secretary of the Treasury, in the
case of an emergency arising in the Internal
Revenue Bureau or the Register's Office, or
any other bureau attached to the Treasury
Department, details clerks from his office to
answer the extra call for help in the particular
bureau. For instance, if Congress sends a
call to the Treasury for information on any
matter which it may require half a dozen
clerks to supply, these clerks will be detailed
from the central office to th« bureau which
has the information. In the Interior Depart-
ment, however, the case is exactly the reverse.
Tiifere the Secretary of the Interior has to
make drafts on the different bureaus of the
Department, tfee Patent Office, the Land
Office, &c., in order .to meet Mjy emergency
in his own office. We have not made suffi-
cient appropriations for the office of the
Secretary of the Interior, allowing him froth
time to time to Call upon the different
bureaus in his Department for the assist-
ance of such clerical force as he might
need. The result has been that the Secretary
has been continually compelled, in order to
keep up with the great and increasing business
forced on his Department by the greater num-
ber of pensions, the increase of patents, and
the immense increase in land business, to call
on the different bureaus for assistance, and
the consequence has been that there have been
drawn from the Pension Office and the Land
Office and the Patent Office, &c., clerks to do
the business of the central office and also of
the Indian department. This has made a defi-
ciency in the clerical force of the different
bureauB, bo that they fall behind in their Wwk,
and some of them have fallen very much be-
hind indeed. There is a larger force upon
the rolls of the different bureaus than is ac-
tually employed on the particular business of
those bureaus. It waB thought by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, as it was necessary
that there should be an increase of force, that
it should be put in the central office, as thereby
We liberate some of the clerks who are borne
on the rolls of the Pension Office, or the Land
Office, and they can be sent back to their ap-
propriate duties. It is a reorganisation cost-
ing in the whole the sum of $12,000. The
committee thought, after a careful examina-
tion of the matter, macle by means of a sab-
committee, that it was a reorganization much
needed, and they recommend it for the reasons
I have given.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say in
connection with what has been said by the
gentleman from California that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations considered the general
subject carefully and then appointed a sub-
committee of three members ; that sub-com-
mittee went through the building and made a
careful examination, and made a unanimous
report. The result was that the committee in
its full session were unanimous in favor of
this section. It is better to do directly what
we ought to do than to do it by indirection
and have no stability.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia by striking out, the words " any of whom
may be paid $200 additional if the Secretary
of the Interior deem it necessary and proper."
Those words give the Secretary the discre-
tion to pay $200 additional to any of the
clerks of class four, and it seems to be a
species of favoritism.
Mr. SARGENT. That is not a change of
law. It has been the same for years, and is
intended to compensate the heads of bureaus.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not make my
motion because it is a change of law, but there
is no law for it; it has grown up in appropri-
ation bills from year to year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Illinois will wait until the amend-
ment of the gentleman from California is dis-
posed of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot do that.
The amendment of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia is a substitute for the paragraph of the
j bill, and I must either offer my amendment to
, that subetitute or I cannot offer it at all.
j Mr. SARGENT. I do not wish to take up
the time of the committee, but simply to
: remark that by this amendment we do not
change the law. This is the method which
;| Congress has taken to compensate four heads
I of bureaus in the Department of the Interior,
and they are hard-working heads of bureaus,
and it would be wrong to reduce their pay
below the small amount provided for by the
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not for heads
of bureaus, but for clerks of class four.
Mr. SARGENT. They are clerks put in
this confidential relation.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. They are not head s
®f bureaus.
Mr. SARQENT. They are heads of Depart-
ments or bureaus.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no; not at all.
Mr. SARGENT. They havefepecial charge
of certain matters.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no; this ap-
plies only to four clerks of class four.
Mr. SARGENT. They are heads of divis-
ions, and are paid as such under this pro-
vision.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh! they may be
that, bat I am opposed to putting this extra
compensation in the hands of the Secretary,
and leaving it to his discretion.
The question was put on Mr. Farnsworth's
amendment to the amendment; and on a
division, there were—ayes twenty-three, noes
not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Sargent.
Mr. HOLMAN. This seems to be another
effort to increase salaries.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate upon
this amendment is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The question was taken; and on a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 28, noes 32; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Twichell
and Mr. Whitthorne were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 72, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
