1673.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
42d OoN(i....3d Sess.
Geneva Award— Mr. Myers.
Ho. of Keps.
me for one moment, and I will reach your ques-
tion.
Now, the Committee on the Judiciary believe
this matter can be tried in each of the cir-
cuit courts of the district where the owner or
claimant resides, or last resided, or at the port
from which the ship sailed, and we provide
therefor in case of a ship or indivisible article
the claim shall be filed by petition, and then
all other claimants to that ship may come into
that court. They will generally be found in
that particular neighborhood. But, whether
they are or not, all the evidence which shall
be necessary to prove a claim for one half will
have to be produced there, and why will not
the same evidence be used which is to be
brought before us in proving the claim to the
other half? *
Mr. PETERS. I do not understand the
bill requires eoowners to appear in the same
court.
Mr. HALE. The difficulty suggested to me
is this, that there might be a judgment of one
court upon the value of a vessel in the suit of
one who is a part owner for a certain sum, and
another court might be found where another
part owner will sue for another sum.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This bill
provides for that. Where a petition claiming
a particular thing is filed in one court it brings
in the other owners as coplaintiffs in that suit.
Mr. HALE. Where the first is brought?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Like a
bill of interpleader.
Mr. HALE. I did not gather that from
reading the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If you
look at section third, page 5, you will find it
is provided that any citizen or corporation
claiming indemnity under this act may apply
by petition, and ample machinery is provided
in that regard, which petition shall be filed,
&c.; and upon the filing of the petition an
order shall issue, and ample machinery is
made for that, and then, on page 8, it is
provided that within twenty days after the
return-day of such notice any citizen or cor-
poration claiming an adverse, or joint, ,or
other interest in the subject-matter thereof
may appear and file his petition, setting forth
in a summary manner his claim of title, inter-
est in, or ownership to said property^ in the
same manner as the original petitioner is here-
in required to do. That is, where they -come
to an indivisible thing like a ship: where a
ship is brought into court, there the others
may come forward and set forth their title and
claim. That was to get rid of the very ob-
jection which came up in the mind of my
learned and excellent friend from Maine.
Mr. KELLOGG. Without intending to
interrupt the gentleman from Massachusetts,
I should like to ask him whether there is any
thing in the bill which provides for this state
of the case; where a part owner has one inter-
est and his claim is not filed, cannot he bring
suit for his interest?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He can
afterward, in the same court.
Mr. KELLOGG. In the same court?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
wherever and whenever he chooses.
Mr. PETERS. Do I understand, if he owns
half a ship, and he files his petition in Massa-
chusetts, and I own the other half, I cannot file
my petition in the State of Maine ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
you are not obliged to file in the State of
Maine; you may come into the Massachusetts
court. * .
Mr. PETERS. Or I may go to Maine ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. PETERS. If you own half of the ship,
and I contest your ownership to that separate
half, I must follow your petition?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 6.
and to meet the point of my other friend from
Maine, it is provided the United States may
appeal in case of wrong valuation in either
case.
Mr. HALE. Still two suits may go on in
two courts about particular parts of the same
vessel?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
may be so.
Mr. HALE. The bill does not exclude that
hypothesis ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not exclude that hypothesis, but it would be so
inconvenient in practice to everybody, as I
have tried to demonstrate, because they will
have to file the same evidence in both cases
in the two courts that whoever is a sensible
man will go to one and the same court; and
practically there will be no difficulty. There
can be no practical difficulty. There maybe a
theoretical one.
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will put this case to him. A Boston
merchant owned a ship, and petitions in the
district court there. Perhaps there were
twenty-five seamen, captain, mate, and sailors,
from Maine, seeking their little pittance.
They ought to be allowed to go into our court,
and not have to go into Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
they may go where they please; they have no
interest in the ship; each sailor has a single
undivided claim of his own.
Mr. DAWES here made a remark which
was inaudible to the reporters.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
would be no difficulty as to that. Where there
were conflicting rights in the same thing, the
court that first got the jurisdiction would
decide the case.
Now, we have made provision that all claims
shall be filed by the 1st day of July, 1874, or
be barred. We have made provision further,
that as fast as a man gets judgment on one of
this mpritorious class of cases, not an insur-
ance or war premium case, just so last he shall
get the pay—at once, without waiting for the
decision of any other case, out of the Treas-
ury ; because there is clearly enough to meet
this preferred class of cases. But in the other
cases of loss by insurance and war premiums,
such may have to wait till the whole matter is
adjudicated. And we have carefully guarded
against any protracted litigation by supplying
all questions to be acted upon by the courts.
In addition to that, we have provided that as
soon as this award is received it shall be put
at interest by the Secretary of the Treasury
in United States bonds, and the bonds sold
only so fast as they may be needed to meet the
certificates of the court of the amounts due,
in order to pay them. And then we have pro-
vided lastly, that the amount that shall remain
after every loser gets his pay, under the princi-
ples we have established, if any there be, shall
be covered into the Treasury; and that there
will be a very considerable amount, if there is
no more interest allowed than this bill allows,
I have no doubt. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that
I have now explained the bill so that the
members of the House may apply their minds
to its consideration in relation to its several
parts and the bearing of each upon the others.
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to ask him a question. As I
intend to offer an amendment to allow inter-
est from the date of the loss, instead of from
the date of the award, I would like to have
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who, I
believe, is more cognizant of the facts than
perhaps anybody else, state to the House what
proportion, in his judgment, of the whole
award this bill, as reported to the House, will
take, and what proportion it will leave to be
covered into the Treasury.
Mr. BOTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
whole war premium should come forward I
think a large portion of the award would be
taken. If the mere matters of lost property
are provided for alone, as this bill provides,
with the interest it provides for, I do not think
it will take more than six or eight million
dollars out of nearly eighteen million.
Mr. PETERS. My question was directed
to this point: how much money, in the judg-
ment of the gentleman, would be involved in
this bill if it should pass precisely in its
present terms?
Mr. BUTLER; of Massachusetts. If it
should pass precisely in its present terms, I
do not believe that the amount could exceed
twelve or fourteen million dollars in currency
out of the $17,800,000 which would be ready
for payment.
Mr. PETERS. Does the gentleman really
believe that it would exceed ten millions ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ifittakes
in the war premiums?
Mr. PETERS. Yes. I mean that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Those
are not yet determined. I think, therefore, it
might exceed teti millions; but certainly it
would not exceed fourteen millions, with
interest allowed.
Mr. PETERS. With interest from the date
of the award ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
and that was about six months ago. It will
average about two years' interest about the
time the claimants get their pay. I think the
principal sum would be between ten and eleven
million dollars.
Mr. PETERS. That is what I think.
Mr, HALE. Giving no interest ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes ;
giving no interest and running up to fourteen
millions if we give interest; and the question
is whether we shall give interest from the date
of the award. That is a question which one
gentleman, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters,] desires to raise ; and it is a fair ques-
tion to be considered before the House. I
have doubted whether it would be well to give
interest except from the date of the award.
If the House thinks otherwise, I should cheer-
fully bow to that decision, as their judgment
will be better than mine.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question on this matter of interest. The
arbitrators indisputably reckoned interest.
Now at what rate does the gentleman believe
they reckoned interest ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh 1 that
is very plain; what they reckon it at is six per
cent.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman has no doubt
about that?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. None
at all; I have no doubt they rate the interest
at six per cent, and I think any one who reads
the protocol will come to the same conclusion.
But the arbitrators split the difference on the
time from which interest should be calculated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Genera Award.
SPEECH OP HON. LEONARD MYERS,
of pennsylvania,
Ik the House op Representatives,
February 15, 1873.
The House having resumed consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 3139) to provide for the just and
equitable distribution of the award made to the
United States by the commissioners at Geneva under
the treaty of Washington—
Mr. L. MYERS said:
Mr. Speaker : I regret that so little time is
given for the discussion of so grave a question
as this. With the greatest respect for the
