1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
The Clerk read as follows:
For casual repairs of the Department building,
including new windows for F street wing, repairing
ceilings and walls of model saloon, painting and
kalsomining, and repairs to the roof, $14,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee oil Appropriations to move
to increase the appropriation made by this
paragraph from $12,000 to $14,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I Kope that will not be
done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am sure the
gentleman will not oppose this amendment
when he understands it. I will ask my col-
league on the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Sargent] to explain it.
Mr. SARGENT. A sub-committee of the
Committee on Appropriations visited the Inte-
rior Department and went all over the build-
ing for the purpose of examining into its con-
dition and ascertaining if there was any need
for repairs. In the estimates from the Depart-
ment was an item of $14,000 for repairs.
Before the sub-committee had discharged its
duty the Committee on Appropriations had
reduced the amount to $12,000, the sura ap-
propriated last year for this purpose. But
upon the report of the sub-committee the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have authorized "the
offering of this amendment to restore the ap-
propriation to the amount named in the esti-
mates.
We found that portions of the inner walls of
the building were weather-stained by the water
that had leaked in through the roof. The roof
is made of copper, and in consequence of the
expansion by heat and contraction by cold it
had been pulled apart in places, the solder of
the joints had been broken, and repairs upon
the roof thereby rendered constantly neces-
sary. More than that; when a storm beats
upon the roof the walls inside become stained
by water, and repairs there are rendered neces-
sary, considering the condition of the roof,
and of the different portions of the building
where the weather has reached the interior
walls, the sub-committee were unanimously of
the opinion that the amount asked for by the
Department was not too much.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Are the estimates
which were submitted by the Department made
by mechanics?
Mr. SARGENT. The estimates are made
to the Committee on Appropriations by the
Department, but the report upon which they
are based came from the superintendent in
charge of the building, who is an accomplished
mechanic.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and on a division, there were—ayes 43;
noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this is an appendix
to the last increase, I will not insist upon a
further count.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
General Land Office:
For Commissioner of the General Land Office,
$3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; recorder, $2,000; three
principal clerks, at $1,800 each, <fcc.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to amend so as to
increase the salary of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to $3,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not his salary fixed by
law ?
Mr. DICKEY. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I raise the point of
order that as it changes existing law that
amendment ig not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will cause the
rule to be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already iu progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several departments of the Govern- I
ment."— Rule 120. [" It has been decided that under |
this rule ii is not in order to propose an amendment
to a genei.il appropriation bill, which changes an I
420 Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 27.
existing law. But it was also decided that the latter
branch of the rule not only permitted amendments
increasing salaries, but was framed for that very pur-
pose."]
Mr. DICKEY. I would like to have read
by the Clerk an extract from the Globe, giving
a decision upon this question.
Mr. HOLMAN. This committee has put
another construction upon that rule. But I
will withdraw my point of order and allow the
committee to come to a direct vote on this {
amendment, for I believe they will vote itdown. j
The CHAIRMAN. As the decision of the j
Chair has been overruled on this point to-day,
the Chair desires the Clerk to read the extract
from the Globe to which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] has made refer-
ence.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Holman. I raise the point of order that
this is simply an increase of salary from $2,000 to
$3,000. This same point was made when the bill was
under consideration at the last session, and my rec-
ollection is that it was sustained on the ground that
this was a direct increase of salary.
"The Chairman. The Chairman is of opinion
that it comes under the last clause of the one hun-
dred and twentieth rule, as stated yesterday. Since
yesterday the Chair has had occasion to examine
the history of that clause, and finds that it originated
in this way : the rule stood originally without that
clause. While so standing, in the year 1838, Mr.
Cambreling offered in the House an amendment
to an appropriation bill, increasing the salaries of
custom-house officers, officers in the Treasury De-
partment. The point of order raised yesterday was
made by Mr. Briggs, of Massashusetts, and sustained
by the Chair. Upon the next day Mr. Briggs
offered as an amendment to the rule the clause
which is now incorporated in it for the purpose of
covering the precise case. The matter was referred
to the Committee on Rules, laid over one day, and
on the next day was brought up by Mr. Cambre-
ling, who stated that it was for the purpose of cov-
ering these cases. The amendment was adopted
and incorporated in the rule. The history of the
case will be found in the Congressional Globe, vol-
ume six, commencing on page 224. This clause,
therefore, was introduced into the rule for the ex-
press purpose of covering precisely these cases. The
Chair, therefore, overrules the point of order."
Mr. DICKEY. I have examined the his-
tory of that case, and I find that a motion to !
increase salaries was ruled out of order and
the decision of the Chairman was sustained, j
This additional clause was then put in the *
rule, and immediately upon the adoption of !
that addition to the rule the amendment which j
has been ruled out of order, increasing the j
salaries of certain customs officers, was ruled
in order; and such have been the rulings ever
since.
Mr. HOLMAN. Such a construction is a
mere subterfuge to evade the operation of the
rule. If adopted, it is substantially a repeal
of the rule. I withdraw my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
state that the salaries of the judges of the
Supreme Court were raised a year or two
ago by an amendment to an appropriation
bill, and, so far as the Chair recollects, during
his term of service, amendments raising sala-
ries have been uniformly entertained under
the provision of the rule referred to. The
Chair deems it proper to state this in justifica-
tion of the ruling he has made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have withdrawn my
appeal.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to the withdrawal
of the appeal. I want the question decided
on its merits.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana withdraws his point of order.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] that the
best way to have this point decided is for the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
when the bill has been reported to the House,
to give way to me, and I will offer the motion
upon which the Committee of the Whole made
its decision some time since. The Speaker
will then be in the chair, there will be an
opportunity to call the yeas and nays, and
every gentleman can go upon the record.
Mr. DICKEY. I prefer that this point j
should be decided upon a question that in- [
volves no feeling. I want it decided as a mere
parliamentary questiou.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the gentleman from Indiana has a right to
withdraw his point of order.
Mr. HALE. I renew the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. Does the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] take an appeal?
Mr. HALE. I do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
appeal on the table.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order. There is no " table'' in Com miltee of the
Whole. The gentleman from Maine has raised
the point of order that the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] is not in order, because it changes
existing law. The Chair overrules that point
of order. The gentleman from Maine takes
an appeal from the decision of the Chair. The
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that for the purpose merely of deciding a point
the committee cannot reconsider a decision
already made.
The CHAIRMAN. But one point of order
can be entertained at a time. When the com-
mittee has decided this point of order, the
Chair will entertain the point raised by the
gentleman from Indiana. [Laughter.]
The question being taken, the decision of-
the Chair was sustained.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Dickey.
Mr. DICKEY. I withdraw the amendment.
I only wanted a decision upon the parliament-
ary question.
The Clerk read as follows:
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses of the
Patent Office, namely: For stationery for use of
office, repair of model-cases, stationary portfolios
for drawings, furniture, repairing, papering, paint-
ing, carpets, ice, advertising, books for library,
moneys refunded, printing engraved patent heads,
international exchanges, plumbing, gas-fitting, ex-
tra labor on indexes and abstracts from annual re-
ports, fitting rooms, temporary clerks, laborers, and
other contingencies, $90,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the Clerk was
still reading the preceding paragraph running
down to line eleven hundred and ninety-six.
I had an amendment to offer to the preceding
section, and I ask to go back to make an amend-
ment. Let the Clerk read the preceding para-
graph.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States Patent Offioe:
For compensation of the Commissioner of the Pat-
ent Office, $4,500; for Assistant Commissioner, $3,000;
for chief clerk, $2,500; three examiners-in-chief, at.
$3,000 each; examiner in charge of interferences,
$2,500; trade-mark examiner, $2,500; twenty-four
principal examiners, at $2,500 each; twenty-four
assistant examiners, at $1,800each; twenty-four sec-
ond assistant examiners, at $1,600 each, two of whom
may be femnjes; twenty-four third assistant exam-
iners, at $1,400 each; one librarian, $2,000; one ma-
chinist, $1,600; seven clerks of class four, eight clerks
of class three, thirty-one clerks of class two, and
forty-five clerks of class one; also, for thirty perma-
nent clerks, at $1,000 each; for forty permanent
clerks, at $900 each ; for three skilled draughtsmen,
at $1,200 each; for thirty-five copyists of drawings,
at $1,000 each; for one messenger and purchasing
clerk, $1,000; forone skilled laborer, $1,200; for eight
attendants in model-room, at $1,000 each ; for eight
attendants in model-room, at $900 each; for thirty
laborers, at $720 each; for six laborers, at $600 each;
in all, $476,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move in lines eleven
hundred and seventy-seven and eleven hun-
dred and seventy-eight to strike out the words
" two of whom may be females " and to insert
in lieu thereof "as many of whom may be
females as the Commissioner may designate."
Mr. SARGENT. I object; we have passed
that paragraph.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was passed by a mistake.
Mr. SARGENT. By whose mistake? Not
by any mistake of the House. Is my point of
order goo'l ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentlema i
insist on it.
