82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Ho. of Beps.
Geneva Award—Mr. Myers.
420 Cong....3d Sess.
majority of the Committee oa the Judiciary, I
cannot assent to the principles they have em-
bodied in their report and the bill by which
they propose to distribute the Geneva award.
There is no better settled doctrine of law than
that the insurer paying a loss is entitled to be
subrogated to all the rights of the assured,
whether the abandonment be by formal assign-
ment or by operation of law.
Not only is this doctrine well settled by
numerous decisions, but under every treaty
which provided payment for spoliations upon
our commerce the insurers who had paid the
loss were subrogated pro rata with the other
sufferers. This was the case under the Jay
treaty of 179-1 with Great Britain, under the
treaty of 1831 with Prance, and the treaty
of 1819 with Spain for the cession of Florida.
The very question arose and was decided by
the Supreme Court upon the last-named treaty.
(Comegys vs. Vasse, 1 Peters, 214.)
Vasse was an underwriter on various vessels
and cargoes the property of citizens of the
United States which were captured and carried
into the ports of Spain. Abandonments were
made to him and he paid the losses. Justice
Story, delivering the opinion of the court,
decided that there was no difficulty in the case,
and that both upon priuciple and authority
the right to compensation for these captures
passed by abandonment to Vasse, the insurer,
who then stood in the place of the insured.
I regard the principle attempted to be estab-
lished here as not only against law and against
equity, but a breach of national faith. Upon
what reasoning do the gentlemen report this
distribution? To maintain their proposition
ihey allege that this money to be paid by
Great Britain is the money of the United
States, with which our Government can do
what it pleases. Idenythe proposition whether
as matter of fact or of law.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boiler] says that under the proposed John-
son-Stanley and the Johnson-Clarendon trea-
ties the reclamations of our "citizens" were
to be paid ; and that this treaty differs in such
respect from those which were rejected by us.
Certainly it differs m words. Payment was to
be made "to the United States," because
under this one we aimed to recover national
as well as individual losses. We made claim
for losses by the transfer of our marine to the
British flag, by war premiums or "enhanced
payments of insurance," and by the prolonga-
tion and increased cost of the war. On June
19, 1872, the arbitrators at Geneva declared
that these claims for indirect losses should be
"wholly excluded from the consideration of
the tribunal in making its award," whereupon
Mr. Bancroft Davis, the American agent, on
June 25, 1872, being authorized to do so by
this Government, declared to the tribunal that
" the above-mentioned claims will not be
further insisted upon and may be excluded
from all consideration in any award that may
be made."
What then remained? The national claims,
together with those of our citizens for en-
hanced payments of insurance, which our
Government had chosen to assert, were set
aside. Nothing remained but the individual
losses. Payment of course must still be made
"to the United States;" but although, under
article seven, a sum in gross might be awarded
by the tribunal "for all the claims referred
to it," only certain demands were left for
consideration. Secretary Fish, thanking our
representatives at Geneva, wrote Mr. Davis
on October 22, 1872, " these controverted
claims being thus eliminated, the tribunal pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the other
claims," and awarded to the United States
$16,500,000 in gold for their satisfaction.
What were these demands, and how were
they presented ? They were for destruction
of vessels and cargoes, losses of officers and
crews, wages, secured earnings, freights, com-
missions, profits, and interest. These included
not only losses by the uninsured, but among
them were the claims of the insurance com-
panies for losses paid to the assured. Did the
United States present them to Great Britain
for payment? Most undoubtedly they did.
Under invitation of the Government the pri-
vate claims, and these among the rest, were
filed with the State Department. When their
settlement by England seemed doubtful the
President in his message of December 3, 1870,
recommended that proof be taken of them and
authority be given for the settlement of these
claims by the United States, "so that the
Government shall have the ownership of the
private claims as well as the responsible con-
trol of all the demands against Great Britain."
The treaty of Washington avoided the neces-
sity for such a step. The United States did
not purchase these claims, and they never be-
came national property. Yet, after collecting
their values, it is gravely asserted that the
money is ours absolutely, to distribute as we
please or place in the national Treasury.
By article ten of the treaty if no sura in
gross had been awarded a board of assessors
was provided to whom every claim should be
presented within six months, and from time
to time they were to report the amount of
claims decided by them. Will it be pretended
that the losses so to be proved and decided
were not chiefly those of individuals ? I have
said the demands of the insurance companies
were presented by our Government. Volume
seven of the books accompanying the proceed-
ings under the treaty, contains the revised
list of claims " filed with the Department of
State," known as the Alabama claims—cover-
ing all those made by the several insurance
companies—together with reference to the
proof in support of them. These proofs were
exhibited by the agent of the United States at
Geneva, ana payment in accordance therewith
demanded. Did England recognize their
validity? We are not left in doubt on this
point. The British counter-case (page 135)
referring to the report of the Board of Trade,
to which the list of claims submitted with the
case of the United States had been referred
by Lord Granville for investigation, names
among them, " fourth : claims by American
insurance companies, in respect of insurance
on ships, freight, and cargoes, which are
alleged to have been lost by the capture of
the vessels," and quotes from this report as
follows:
"The American insurance companies who have
paid the owners as for a total loss are, in our opin-
ion, entitled to be subrogated to the rights of the
latter, according to the well-known principle that an
underwriter who has paid as for a total loss, acquires
the rights of the assured in respect of the subject-
matter of insurance."
Only one question remains: did payment
of the insurances enter into and form part of
the Geneva award ? Here again we are not
left in doubt. By protocol 29 of the tribunal
it will be seen that Mr. Staempfli. the arbitra-
tor appointed by Switzerland, on September 2,
1872, made the estimate which, with certain
deductions, soon formed the basis for the final
award. Sir Alexander Cockburn, as pne of
the arbitrators, claimed corrections in this
estimate as follows:
Table in reference to the estimate of Mr. Staempfli.
Total United States claim in the last revised ta-
bles    Sit,437,143
Necessary reductions to be made from
the above supposed total:
Double ^claims $1,682,243
Now claims   1,450,000
One half gross freight  503,57(5
   3,635,819
The mean of these two sums is  9,133,044
Add to this Mr. Staempfli's allowances
in lieu of prospective catch :
One year's wages    588,000
Twenty-five per cent, on the values
of vessels  400,000
  988,000
10,121,044
Interest at six per cent, was allowed, which,
from January 1, 18G4, to September 15, 1872,
a period of eight years eight and a half months,
added to the above sum of $10,801,824, ap-
proximated to $15,500,000, the amount of the
award to the United States. Sir Alexander
Cockburn's memorandum expressly states that
the $10,801,324 includes "the insurances."
They had been recognized as valid throughout
the proceedings, and it will be seen they were
not among the reductions insisted on in the
memorandum referred to. The double claims
deducted are explained in the report of the
British board of trade in. these words:
"Wherever the owner puts forward a claim for
his loss at the same time that theinsurance company
also claims the money paid by them in respect of the
same losy, such a double claim must at once be abso-
lutely rejected, since to allow it would be in effect
to sanction the payment of the loss twice over."
Making the total reduced claim.   10,801,324
As against the British estimate of  7,464,701
The argument ot the United States
334) stated that few of these double claims
existed, except in the case of some of the
whaling vessels which were destroyed by the
Shenandoah, "there being none of this class
of double claims in the case of merchant ships
or property destroyed on merchant ships. It
is then indisputable that the award included
payment to insurers," interest being added to
all the claims, as appears by the estimate of
Mr. Staempfli, to which no exception was
taken by the arbitrator on the part of Great
Britain. In fact it was stated in Parliament
that the amount of interest awarded to us was
six per cent. Yet the proposition of the bill
before the House is to take this money which,
with' interest, we have collected for the in-
surers among others, and to prefer in our pay-
ments the enhanced rates of insurance, which
were rejected by the tribunal, with the assent
of the American agent, as "indirect losses,"
too remote to form any part of the award;
and in case anything shall be left, then to pay
these insurers only the amount of their loss
after deducting all the "war premiums" re-
ceived by them in insurances, as well upon
vessels, cargoes, freights, &c., which escaped
capture, and doubtless amply repaid .these
premiums as upon those for the destruction
and loss of which they made payment.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butj.eb] says the Secretary of State instructed
the agent and the counsel employed not to com-
mit the United States in regard to the claims
of insurers. If he be correct in this, it proves
nothing. But Secretary Fish in his letter to
Mr. Bancroft Davis of December 8, 1871, gives
a reason for this caution. He says:
" It is possible there may be duplicate claims for
some of the property alleged to have been captured
or destroyed, as m the case of insurers and insured.
The Government wishes to hold itself free to decide
as to the rights and claims of insurers upon the
termination of the case."
Certainly Secretary Fish never contemplated
the plan now proposed by the majority of the
Judiciary Committee. On April 3, 1869, in
response to a resolution of this House, speak-
ing of probable errors in the list filed in the
State Department, he wrote:
" It has boon the design whore practicable, to
reduce the amount of the claims of the owners of prop-
erty destroyed by the amount of insurance paid
them by underwriters, who have also filed claims
for the destruction of the same property.
Very properly he was striving to prevent the
double claims of owners which he knew must
be rejected, not to deprive insurers of an in-
demnity he was asking for them. Such are
