418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Mr. SARGENT. I do insist on it that we
have passed that paragraph.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to say to the House
that that was passed unintentionally ; 1 had
my eye on it at the moment and held the
amendment ready in my hand.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman is such a
stickler for the rules of the House that in the
line ot' his principle I must insist on my point
of order.
Die CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Tr.e Clerk read as follows:
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner ot' Education, $3,000; chief
clerk. iJ.OOO; 0110 clerk uf class four; one statis-
t'.ci.in, with the compensation of a clerk of cla.-s
! .lir; one clerk of daw three ; one translator, with
t *ie compeusatiou of a clerk of ela>s three; one clerk
of class two ; four copyist?, at $900 etrh ; one mes-
senger. at «S4i>; stationer?, Sl,0i>0:_ library, si.000;
c urrent educational periodicals. Si&i; other current
publications, S2J5: completing valuable sets of
periodicals and publications in the library, S200;
cdlectinpr statistics and writing and compiling mat-
ter tor aiinual and special reports an t editing and
publishing circulars of information, $13,000: fuel and
lights. SiiTi; contingencies, 31,260: in all, c>34,b50.
Mr. DUNNELL. I offer the followiug
amendment:
Strike out from line twelve hundred and eighteen
to line twelve hundred and twenty-five, inclusive,
and insert the following:
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner, $3,000; chief clerk, 82,000; one
c'.erk of class four; one statistician, with the com-
pensation of class four; one librarian, SI,SOU; one
translator, with the compensation of class three; one
clerk of class three, one clerk of class two, one clerk
of class one, six copyists, at £'00each; superintend-
ent of folding-room, $1.200; one messenger, at iSoO;
one watchman, at S750; and one laborer, at $720;
stationery, rl,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that that changes the present legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order on the ground that that may
be necessary to carry on one of the Depart-
ments of the Government.
Mr. DUNNELL. I wish to state with regard
to this amendment that it only provides iu ad-
dition for a librarian, a clerk of class one, one
watchman, one laborer, and two copyists. The
Commissioner of Education appeared before the
Committee on Education and Labor, and asked
the committee to present a much larger demand
than I have seen fit to embrace in my motion
to amend. It is very evident to those who have
read theable and full report of the Commissioner
of Education that that department is growing
on the Commissioner. The amount of work
is largely increased, and it is to the honor of the
Commissioner himself that the work and the
kind of work are thus increased. The number
of questions to be examined at the present
time is much larger than when it was organ-
ized. It was started with a Commissioner and
a singleclerk. The work has so much increased
that the present force is entirely inadequate.
It will be remembered that these items, the
data that enter into the report of the Commis-
sioner of Education, come not only from every
State of the Union, but from the larger cities
in the Union. And more than that, some of
the data are received from many of the coun-
tries of Europe. The relation of labor and
capilal has been discussed with great care and
ability, not taking sides, but rather presenting
to the country the facts as they appear upon
the one side and upon the other.
There was a time, Mr. Chairman, when I
had certain prejudices against the department
of education. But as I have watched its pro-
gress, and as I have read the reports of the
Commissioner, and I noticed the indorsement
that those reports are receiving everywhere
thronghout the country, those prejudices have
entirely vanished ; and I now look upon it as
one of the most important bureaus of the Gov-
ernment. We appropriate by the bill to this
bureau $39,000. There is appropriated for
the Department of Agriculture $170,000. All
wc ask by this amendment, Mr. Chairman, is
an increase of $7,470.
The library of this department now consists
of soma twenty-six hundred volumes, with
about eight thousand pamphlets. These have
to be classified, they have to be catalogued,
and the information that is contained in them
must be put within ready reach by some one
familiar with the contents, not only of the
printed volumes, but the pamphlets that come
into the bureau. The copyists also are needed.
I might have had here a statement of the Com-
missioner before the committee. It was mod-
erate iu its demand and most conclusive in
its reasonings. I think there can be, and I
trust there will be, no objection to this very
slight increase which we ask by the amend-
ment I have submitted.
Mr. FA HNS WORTH. This amendment,
wlrch will increase the number of the clerks
and add to the expense of this bureau, is only
one of a number that have been added to the
bureau since it was first established. It is only
some three or four years ago that this bureau
was established. It then consisted of a Com-
missioner and one clerk. I stated in the House
at the time that it would grow into a large
bureau and eventually into a department. It
has already grown, as you will observe by this
bill, into a charge of nearly $40,000 a year,
besides the rent of the buildings and the cost
of printing, &c. And now my friend from
Minnesota [Mr. Duxnell] wants to put on a
few more thousand dollars. He tells the House
that the Commissioner wants a good deal more.
I never knew a head of a bureau that did not
want more. Your Commissioner of Agricul-
ture wants more. You have a great many
Oliver Twist's in this Government. They are
all "asking for more."
I have always opposed this Bureau of Ed-
ucation. I have held that there was no
authority in the Government to establish such
a bureau. There is no authority in the Gov-
ernment to establish a bureau of food, yet it
is of greater importance to the people that
they have bread than that they have education.
Food and clothing are of the first importance.
It is more important that children should
have shoes in winter than a spelling book.
But who claims that there is any authority in
the Government to establish a bureau of shoes
or a bureau of bread for the people? This
Government was not established for that pur-
pose. This Capitol was not built for that pur-
pose. Congressmen are not elected for that
purpose. Nor do the people pay taxes into
the national Treasury for that purpose.
Your Bureau of Education will very soon
grow into a department. It clamors now to
be a department of the Government. And
there are three or four other bureaus starting.
You are having your bureau of fish, the head
of which goes about with his fishing tackle
from place to place catching trout, picking up
fishes' eggs, and dilating upon the subject of
breeding fish. I have seen by the papers re-
cently that he is about to import a large quan-
tity of fish eggs, to be distributed I do not
know how. I suppose members of Congress
are to frank them home in their letters, as they
do garden seeds and so on, and as they do
the book of your Commissioner of Education ;
a great book that nobody reads but the
learned; a book which is made not for the
poor and ignorant, but for the rich and edu-
cated ; a book made up of a higher order of
material than your poor child will be able to
comprehend. And a surprising thing about it
to me is that gentlemen coming here from the
southern or black States clamor to vote money
and tax their people to carry on this Bureau of
Education on the supposition that this bureau
is to educate the poor negroes of the South
by compiling and printing reports which it is
necessary a man should be a graduate of some
college before he can understand, and which is
printed at the enormous expense of $40,0U0 a
year.
Then you are about to have a bureau of
emigration to take charge of all the emigrants
that come to different parts of the country.
That, too, will grow up into a department,
and thus you go on increasing your depart-
ments of the Government.
Now, when you once establish a little com-
missioner offish, or a commissioner of educa-
tion, and give him a clerk, and put him in the
third story of some Government building in
the city of Washington, he becomes a very
important fixture, and .in a very few years he
is clamoring here at the doors of Congress to
have an immense building constructed for his
use, to the tune of two or three hundred thou-
and dollars, while his commission, or bureau,
is elevated into a department of the Govern-
ment. Sir, the sooner we come back to the
old-fashioned simplicity of the Government
the better. " The world is governed too much,"
is an old maxim, and as true as it is old.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I move to strike out the last
word for the purpose of saying that I fully
agree that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxswoiith] is possessed, and from the
character of his speech I judge he has been
from his youth up possessed with a thorough
repugnance not only to this department, but
to the entire subject interest with which it is
concerned.
I am quite sure that there is not a single
Department of the Government to whose labors
during the past two or three years, the mate-
rial and commercial interests of this country,
and especially the western portion, the Pacific
coast, of this country, have been and are to be
more indebted than to the labors of this de-
partment of education. Within six months
there has been established by imperial decree
in the vast empire of Japan a system of
universal education, embracing the college,
the university, the technical school, and the
common school, a system based upon the
system prevalent in this country, established
through the instrumentality of and in direct
communication with this Bureau of Education,
and to be officered and instructed largely by
American people.
Now just consider that one fact; that na-
tion, with its wealth, with its nearly forty mil-
lions of people, arising out of barbarism and
instructed by teachers of American origin and
education. Looking merely to the matter of
the present and future commercial relations
which this country desires to establish in the
Pacific and in the East, what can bring more
commerce and more wealth and more advan-
tages of that character to us, what can con-
tribute more to the civilization of the entire
world than the establishment of a relation like
that? It is not confined to Japan. Every
demi-civilized nation, every nation arising out
of a condition of barbarism or of oppression,
almost the world over, is looking to this coun-
try for its model in popular education, and
looking to this bureau for the information
necessary to enable it to imitate it. Italy, the
Argentine Republic, and some other of the
South American States are remodeling their
systems of education.
Now, sir, will the United States, which
takes its place among the manufacturers of the
world in her great exhibition ; will the United
States, which values and aspires to an honor-
able fame and an honorable influence among
the nations of mankind, spend millions and
millions to send its navies into distant seas and
refuse a slight appropriation of a few thousand
dollars to send its education, its knowledge,
its Christianity to the nations of the world who
are seeking to rise in civilization, intelligence,
education, and self-government?
Sir, not only the relations which this de-
partment has established with foreign nations
justify ten hundred times over if it were need-
ful the slight appropriation which is asked to
make this force permanent and efficient, but
the necessities of a large portion of our coun-
try as well demand it. We have fifteen States
the most of whom have lately gone through a
convulsion which, has disturbed their social in-
