420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
example we should follow. He said Japan
has established a system of national education.
Mr. HOAR rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield now.
If he did not use his argument for that pur-
pose it must have been for the purpose of
attempting to make the House and the country
believe that we were sending out from this
bureau instructors to Japan. Now, the Bureau
of Education has sent out no instructors to
Japan. The teachers who have gone to Japan
came from Massachusetts, and Illinois, and
Connecticut, from the different States.- They
are graduates of the State school institutions,
and not of the Bureau of Education at Wash-
ington, whose principal business it is to issue
its voluminous report once a year.
I wish some gentleman would tell the House
what earthly good this Bureau of Education
does to the poor tax-ridden people of the
United States. Why, sir, the $40,000 which
you appropriate for this bureau would supply
the ignorant poor of the United States with
their elementary books. But that is not what
this appropriation is for. It has not been used
for that purpose. The Bureau of Education is
being used from year to year for the benefit of
the men who run it, just as many others of
the bureaus in the Government are used for the
benefit of the heads of those bureaus and the
clerks who draw salaries, and not for the bene-
fit of the people. They, of course, do not care
how much money you take from the taxpayers
to increase their dignity and exalt their offices,
augment their salaries, and increase their
power. And so the bureau comes clamoring
at the doors of Congress, and lobbying and
button-holing members even here upon this
floor for more, more! The people do not ask
it; the school children, the Srate institutions
do not ask it. No, it is the bureau which is so
anxious to serve the people and handle the
people's money.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
the sum of all this matter is found in the last
question put by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and I renew it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can
proceed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] has summed
up his speech by asking what great thing this
Bureau of Education had accomplished-, and
saying it would have been better to send the
number of primers this appropriation would
buy to the poor people of the country rather
than to use the money in this way. Probably
the gentleman from Illinois does not remem-
ber that the most valuable things ever accom-
plished in this world cannot have their value
put in money, and that sometimes the money
that brings thought, chat disseminates knowl-
edge, that brings down to all the higher achieve-
ments of culture, is better expended than that
which has purchased land and houses and the
materials that men may buy by the pound, by
the foot, or by the yard. Some of the.best
men that this country knows, some men that
are doing the highest service in it, are men
thai have no moneyed value measured by the
direct result of their years of work. One of
the noblest utterances I ever heard was by the
celebrated scholar, Agassiz, who said he had
made it the rule of his life as a scientific man
to abandon any pursuit when it came to yield
merely commercial results. 1 understood by
that remark that when he had brought down
the principles he had developed in his study
to the line of commercial values, the laws of
trade would take hold of them and give the
world the benefit of them.
We have established here a Bureau of Edu-
cation to do what the mere law of mercantile
demand and supply will not furnish. We have
established a Bureau of Education for the pur-
pose of bringing to bear upon the intellectual
forces of this country the best thoughts of the
best minds of all times and of all countries,
and putting them within the reach of our edu-
cators to help them in their work. We are
doing that, sir, for the purpose of letting the
men who are struggling in all the States and
all the Territories know what the best workers
in the field of education are doing, and what
they think is the best means of doing it. We
are simply giving this class of men the light,
and doing for them what no voluntary organ-
ization without means would be able to do.
I do not suppose that you can measure the
value of this bureau by the foot or yard meas-
ure, or by any of the ordinary standards, any
more than you can measure in cash the value
of the bright and free atmosphere that sur-
rounds us or the sunshine that lights us on our
daily pathway. And I am amazed when I hear
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] as I have heard him now for the fifth
or sixth year since this bureau was founded,
talking in the way he has done, as a savage
of the wilderness might have talked when he
saw the white pioneers erecting their first
school-house ; or like that savage who when a
Bible was brought to him clapped it to his ear,
and, because he could not hear it "tick,"
called it a fraud and threw it away from him.
The gentleman from Illinois puts the report
of the Bureau of Education to his ear, and it
does not "tick" for him. I am sorry.
I regret that there is a difference between
some of my associates on the Committee on
Appropriations and myself in this matter.
But we agreed on this question to differ amica-
bly. I vote for this increase; the majority of
the committee do not. I vote for it, not as a
factious member of the committee, but be-
cause I obtained the kind permission of my
associates to differ from them upon that subject;
and I hope the Committee of the Whole will
adopt the amendment which has been offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say just
one word. The speech of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is altogether too lofty
and ethereal for my comprehension. I can-
not possibly put a value on his exalted argu-
ments, and I do not know if anybody can
value his speech but himself. It is possible,
if the Bureau of Education were in the habit
of publishing my speeches in its reports, as it
has published the speeches of the gentleman
from Ohio, that it would "tick" for me also.
It is true that when I put to my ear this book
of the Commissioner of Education, containing
the gentleman's speech, it did not " tick " for
me. It does "tick" for him. It no doubt
" ticks" rapidly for him, ticks to his fingers'
ends, quickens the pulsations of his soul, and
he is a friend of the Bureau of Education. Of
course he is—the Bureau of Education and
my friend from Ohio are a mutual admiration
society. One lauds the bureau here on the
floor of the House, and the other publishes
the member's speech in its report. Of course
they believe in and admire each other, but it
does not " tick " for me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw
the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. PERCE. I think the House is too thin
for a vote on this question, and I move, there-
fore, that the committee do now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to wait until half past four. Let us
have a VQte on this question now.
Mr. PERCE. I insist on my motion.
The question being taken on the motion that
the committee rise, it was disagreed to—ayes
thirty-five, noes not counted.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment. I wish to make a re-
mark or two before the debate closes upon this
question. I had reason to anticipate that this
amendment would provoke more or less dis-
cussion, but although I expected it I had not
especially prepared myself to conduct at any
great length a discussion upon it.
I have been very much amazed at some of
the reasons that have been stated here against
this amendment, and especially by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] Iam
surprised, too, at the position taken by the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.] I did
not anticipate that he would take the narrow
view that he does take on a question of this
importance and magnitude. Sir, in this dis-
cussion members have not confined themselves
to the necessities of this department, but rather
have gone out of the way and discussed the
usefulness of the bureau itself.
Now, this bureau has existed for a number
of years, and it rests upon the theory of super-
vision. The gentleman from Illinois is from
a State that expends more money to-day than
the Federal Government is expending in the
work of national school supervision. The
department of education in that State costs
more to Illinois than this department costs to
the Federal Government. He knows that
very much of the honor that Illinois can claim
to-day in this Republic grows out of her splen-
did system of popular education, and if any
one man has added luster to the fame of Illi-
nois it is the man who presides over her public
school interests. Gentlemen scout the idea
that we are to have a Bureau of Education, and
they seem to fear that we shall have a depart-
ment of education. France has her depart-
ment of education, and the superintendent of
public instruction is a member of the cabinet.
We, though our Republic rests upon the intelli-
gence and morality of the people, scout the
idea of doing anything for popular education.
I am sorry to hear in this American House of
Representatives men practically talk against
popular education and the supervision of pop-
ular education. I hold in my hand a pam-
phlet that has just been issued by this very bu-
reau, in which is set forth the manner in
which our institutions of education, from the
lowest grade to the highest, are to be rep-
resented and set out at the Vienna exposition ;
and let me tell you that "group twenty-six"
will in that exposition do more for America,
more for the genius of our Government and the
grand progressive elements of this Govern-
ment than any other group in that exposition.
And, sir, after the issue q^this circular, which
will attract the attention of educationists of
all grades in every portion of the civilized world,
I do not wish to see this department voted
against in asking simply $7,000 to increase its
working force, to classify its library, to cata-
logue it, to put all the different books and
pamphlets in departments by themselves, and
to bring to it a man who has got brains enough
to command a salary of $1,800, that he may
make that library a power in the country, and
a power to the department itself. This library
furnishes the tools for the commissioner ; and
let me say in closing that the deductions, the
reasonings, the data, and the statistics which
this department gets up every year enter into
the reasonings and the labors of the school
superintendents in all the States of this Union.
Even the superintendent of public instruction
in Illinois, strong as he is in the department
of popular education, comes to this "great and
learned book, which my friend from Illinois
has never yet looked into or he would not talk
of it as he does—even that superintendent re-
fers to this volume, and he there discovers
what other minds have wrought out on the
theories of education and the best mode of
developing the mental powers.
Gentlemen say that this Government in the
past has had nothing to do with education.
The Ordinance of 1787 contains words some-
thing like these: " Religion, morality, and
knowledge being necessary to a good govern-
ment and the happiness of mankind, schools
and means of education should be encour-
aged." A great indorsement of knowledge
and the means of education !
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I hesitate
