1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
very much to take part in this discussion, es-
pecially to detain the House longer at this
time. But there is a view of this subject which
has not been presented by any one here, and
I desire this discussion shall not close with-
out it.
There is no man who has spoken here more
earnestly in favor of popular education than
I am myself; none who more warmly desires
to see excellent systems of public education
established in all our States and in all our
Territories. But there is a right way to do it.
I am obliged to say that with some gentlemen
this seems to be their rule of action: if a thing
is a good thing to be done, then Congress
ought to do it. Now, there are a good many
good things to be done in this country that
Congress must not touch. I am very jealous
of the growth of a department and of certain
ideas which threaten in time to assume for the
Federal Government a control of the systems
of education in the several States.
I need not say to gentlemen who are familiar
with the history of this nation that my State
of Connecticut has from the beginning paid
great attention to this matter of education.
Now, I do not want any law of Congress com-
ing there to tell us what system we shall have,
what colleges, what universities, what district
schools we shall have. We think ourselves
abundantly able to take care of that matter
for ourselves. Nor do I want that dictation
exercised upon even the rawest of our southern
States or Territories. I want them to learn for
themselves what they need and what we all
must have if this country is to be saved; that
is, popular education. Let them learn that
for themselves. Let the Federal Government
leave us alone in this matter of education. I
am so far a State rights man, in this matter
at least, that I am jealous of these proposi-
tions for insurance bureaus, railroad bureaus,
and the Lord knows what.
Now, to make myself well understood, I
must say that 1 am in favor of a bureau of
education. But what would I have it? I would
have it simply a bureau of exchange, so that
here may come the best ideas, the best systems
of education, the best circulars and addresses
upon the subject, so that the anxious in-
quirers in the southern States may be able to
lind here the information they seek.
Mr. DUNNELL. If the gentleman will
allow me 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
yield?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. How much
time have I ?
The CHAIRMAN. Five minutes in all.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Then I
cannot yield. 1 want this bureau of education
to by simply a bureau of exchange to which
all these people desiring information may
come, where they may get circulars, copies of
acts, the histories of our various systems of
education. In that way the bureau would be
of great advantage.
I can refer to my own experience. While
I held an office in Connecticut, just after the
war, I was receiving almost daily letters of in-
quiry from the States in processs of recon-
struction, and from the Territories, asking for
a history of the common schools in Connecti-
cut, for copies of our laws, and for suggestions
upon the subject. And in some instances men
not familiar with the subject wanted me to
send them the draft of a bill to establish a
proper system of popular education. I was
longing then for a national educational society
or a bureau of exchange here, that could
readily furnish that information. We have
now a Bureau of Education, and I would con-
fine its operations strictly to that extent. I ,
do not see what business it has to discuss I
questions concerning the interests of labor and
auch questions, if it has discussed those ques-
tions.
The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dun-
KELL] says that France has a cabinet minis-
ter charged with the duty of superintending
education, and that other nations have such a
minister. Sir, we ought to have in this coun-
try thirty-seven officers of that character. I
hope that there will be such an officer in each
of the States, if there is not already. We
have such an officer in Connecticut, and I
want thirty-seven such officers in this country.
I am glad France has a cabinet minister
charged with the interests of education. But
I do not want Congress to interfere with the
matter in our States.
I am willing to vote for $35,000 to carry out
what I consider to be the legitimate duties of
this Bureau of Education. I am not willing to
vote a larger sum for other purposes, because
I believe it will tend to the assumption of too
much power on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment upon this subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I desire to say a few words upon
this subject. I think it is due to us on this side
of the House, especially after what has fallen
from the eloquent and business-like gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Hawley,] who has but
just become a member of this House, that this
side should be properly represented upou this
question.
Long before the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Hawley] came here, this side of the
House was uniform in voting against not only
this Bureau of Education, but against any at-
tempt to aggrandize power in the Federai cen-
ter for the purpose not only of creating an
; educational system under the direction of the
' Federal Government, but as I believe of dis-
placing the very systems of the States which
the gentleman has so much eulogized. I have
opposed, and I believe this side of the House
has from the beginning opposed, all measures
; looking to the breaking down of our old com-
! mon school system.
The object of this bureau, according to a
remark which escaped a moment ago from the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] is
to build up a system of education for the States.
Perhaps in that remark truth rather crept un-
awares upon caution ; for that I believe to be
the intent of this measure.
I am opposed to this thing in, toto, because
I am a friend of education. Why, sir, this is
a new thing in our Government. This Gov-
ernment went along for sixty years or more
without a Bureau of Education ; and we had
some statesmen in the elder days. We had
not, perhaps, statesmen so eloquent as my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] who is,
perhaps, an illustration of the common school
system. We had not, perhaps, statesmen like
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar, ]
who believes not only in sending to Japan
models of school systems—holding up our
light to all the world as a pharos in the sea of
ignorance, but who also said (though perhaps
in that remark the truth crept unawares upon
caution) that he wanted Christianity to go
along in this great propagating system to be
conducted by the Bureau of Education. I
never learned that it was the business of the
Federal Government to send out missionaries.
We have voluntary associations for that pur-
pose—Bible societies, missionary societies, &c.
We are growing very fast in the aggregation
of power here at Washington. One gentle-
man has said that we wish to educate the
people of the United States. God knows that
if the last election was any sign of a certain
kind of education, two things ought to be
done: first, the people ought to be uneducated,
and then they ought to be reeducated. I saw
it stated some time ago, when the Boston fire
occurred, that Providence was responsible for
that. I would not say anything to detract
from the result of our recent election in this
country; it may be the sign of great intelli-
fence ; but I think it was a Boston woman—
[rs. Partington—who said, and said truly,
that "through an unscrupulous Providence
there had come on us during this year three
great dispensations—the Boston fire, the horse
distemper, and the presidential election."
[Laughter.] I do not know but that some-
times Providence acts as the old Frenchman
said, ''ironically." I do not know but that
the voice of God, speaking through the voice
of the people this year, speaks ironically,
which means to say a thing that is not half
believed or perhaps not believed at all—be-
lieved in the reverse way. At any rate, there
is need of education in our country. The
people ought to be reeducated with respect to
the functions of our Federal Government. A
great part of the multifarious legislation now
undertaken by Congress ought to be remitted
to the States. We have such a multifarious
mass of business here now that the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations finds it
necessary to be urging every moment the ap-
propriation bills, for fear that in the rush and
crush of legislation the legitimate business of
the Government may be neglected.
What we want is, in the first place, either
to restrict our territory as a Federal Govern-
ment, or to restrict the functions exercised by
us as Federal legislators. 1 am in favor of
enlarging our territory, if you please. I would
take in the Sandwich Islands and Cuba, and,
if properly organized, that other island which
has been referred to here. I would enlarge our
territory if we could do so safely ; and we can
only do it safely by decentralizing these func-
tions which year by year are being concentrated
in the Federal Government, with the seeming
approval—ironical, I think—of the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I do not wish to make a
speech, but merely to state that what the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] has
so clearly described as the proper function of
this bureau is precisely its function as con-
strued by itself, with the single exception that
it does undertake to communicate to foreign
Governments information of educational ex-
perience and discoveries in this couutry, and
to receive for distribution here the results of
educational experience abroad. It is in that
way it is called upon to superintend in the
Vienna exposition all the models and illus-
trations of our educational system. It is in
that way it led Japan to adopt our educatioual
system. I do not say that it established edu-
cation in Japan. What 1 did say was that the
influence of this Government led that empire,
establishing communication with that bureau,
to establish the American school system there.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
committee do now rise.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
from Massachusetts yields the remainder of
his time to me.
Mr. HOAR. I will yield the floor altogether,
and the gentleman can have his five minutes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have listened,
Mr. Chairman, of course, as you have, with
pleasure to this discussion, but I think hith-
erto it has been the play of Hamlet with the
part of the Prince of Denmark left out.
Really, what I should like to know is whether
this bureau, as it is called, has need, substan-
tial and real need, of this additional appro-
priation. On that I have been unable t,o hear
anything so as to enable me to vote intelli-
gently.
1 wish, however, to make some general
remarks in regard to this whole matter in im-
itation of what has gone before.
Mr. PERCE. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that the Commissioner of Education
appeared before the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, and asked for this additional
appropriation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That has been al-
ready stated.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I think I can get gentlemen to assent to
this matter of the propriety of our not only
adhering to the present appointments of the
Bureau of Education, but I think I can get my
