422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
friend from New York who spoke last [Mr.
Cox] to assent to the idea there is n range, a
sphere, within which it is one of the highest,
the best, the most enlightened prerogatives
even of this central Government to operate.
Now, sir, when that institution with which
my friend from New York has been so long
connected as one of its Regents, the Smith-
sonian Institute, was organized, there was a
debate, Mr. Chairman, which was a debate.
It is easy for gentlemen to. talk about onr de-
parture from precedents and from the rules
and the wisdom of the fathers. When my
friend says this is a departure from precedent
I commend him to the debate which resulted
in the organization of the Smithsonian Insti-
tute. The will of Smithson contained a clause
which I commend to him and to the House.
It was something like this 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Twenty words
only.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I cannot give the
exact language; but it was something like
this: that this donation is entrnsted to the
United States of America for the diffusion of
knowledge among men.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Increase of knowl-
edge.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For the in-
crease and diffusion of knowledge among men.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Sir, the AdamseB
and the Claya were the men who participated
in that debate, and they found there was a
sphere within which it was right, one of the
highest, best, most sublime prerogatives, even
of this central Government, to diffuse knowl-
edge among men ; and they thereupon estab-
lished the Smithsonian Institution.
Now, my fellow members and Mr. Chair-
man, let me say to you and to the House, if I
you strike down a little feeble finger of your J
Government, pointing in the direction that j
great debate {jointed, you will have done a
thing unworthy not only of your Government I
but of precedents like the one I have quoted, !
and. in ray humble judgment, most unworthy
of yourselves.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
'he committee do now rise.
Several Members. Oh, no; let us finish this
-jendment to-night.
Mr. HOLM AN. It is very evident we can-
not reach a vote to-night.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses, and bad come to no conclusion thereon. ;
sdits in tue court of claims
Mr. DODDS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. SSf>2) to extend the
time for the institution of suits in the Court
of Claims, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed. |
immigration. |
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, presented
a memorial of the commissioners of emigra- I
tion of the State of New York, remonstrat- j
ing against the passage of the bill entitled
"A bill to promote immigration," &c. ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be'printed.
Mr. COX. I ask that, by unanimous con-
sent, the memorial shall be printed in the
Globe. The bill it has reference to is assigned
for consideration to-morrow.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The memorial is as follows:
To the CoiipriK* of the United State*:
The commissioners of emigration of tho State of
Now York, having been informed that the question
of emigration has recoutly occupied the attention
of the Congress of the United States, and that bills
S. No. 1245 and H. R. No. IK'S, in reference thereto,
aro now before the Senate and House of Represent-
atives for consideration, respectfully invite tho
attention of Congress to the following reasons why
it should bo deemed inexpedient to commit thecare
and control of immigration to a Federal bureau
such as is contemplated in said bills. Your memo-
rialists aro not insensible to the danger that in thus
criticising tho wisdom of tho action of your honor-
able bodies they may be suspected ot a desire to pro-
tect from invasion their own corporate powers of ex-
istence. But persuaded as they are of the excellence
ot the system under which they act and the grave
impolicy of any change which shall destroy existing
arrangements, they feol that not only as American
citi/.ens, concerned with all other citizens for tho
welfareof theircommon country, but as chosen trus-
tees of a great State charity, menaced with extinc-
tion. the actual holders of au immonse vested inter-
est in and for immigration, and the appointed rep-
resentatives of a State through which five sixths of
all the European emigration to tho country passes,
it is their duty and their right to remonstrate
against legislation which they hold to be, as far as
the State of New York is concerned, unnecessary,
cumbrous, and unwise. The fact that their office is
one of great responsibility and care, that their duties
are performed without fee, compensation, or pecun-
iary reward of any sort, will free them, it is hoped,
from suspicion of interested motives, while they
trust the inheritance of twenty-five years' experi-
ence in the care and reception of immigrants will
entitle their opinion to consideration.
Your memorialists are strongly persuaded that it
will be for the interest neither of the eountjy nor
of the immigrant to abolish thesystem of immigrant
protection devised by the State of New York and
successfully operated for upward of a quarter of a
century. That system has stood the test of years
and practice, and, amended and improved from time
to time as experience suggested, has at last attained
a degree of precision in its workings which your
memorialists believe may defy honest critioism. It
has given the immigrant just that measure of pro-
tection and care which he needs and can bear with-
| out impairing his energy and self-respect, and this
I without any expense to the State, and only so much
to the immigrant as to relieve him from the humil-
| iation and injury of receiving eleemosynary aid.
For this system, satisfactory as it has been proved
to be, it is proposed to substitute an experimental
plan, which, in tho beginning at least, must involvo
great expense to the taxpayer, while offering by no
means equal guarantees to the immigrant.
A briel sketch of the history and constitution of
the New York State Emigrant Commission may en-
able your honorable bodies to appreciate more fully
the scope of its labors and the extent of its useful-
ness.
In 1846, when immigration to this country first
began to develop toward the surprising proportions
which it has since attained, the attention of benev-
olent men in this city, then as now the great ob-
jective point ot this foreign exodus, was called to
the necessity of guarding these unwary strangers
lrom the snares and dangers that would naturally
beset them in a great city. In 1847 was formed the
State emigrant commission, which exists to-day,
with powers amended and enlarged, with responsi-
bilities greatly increased, but ^.constitution sub-
stantially the same as when created. It consists of
thirteen members—nine appointed by the Governor
and senate of the State, and four*-!- offiriot, namely,
the mayors of New York and Brooklyn, and the
presidents of the Irish emigrant and German socie-
ties. Their duties are to protect all alien passengers
landing at the port of New York, and to care and
provide tor the helpless among them. lor this pur-
pose they have a landing depot at Castle Garden,
where by a State law all emigrant passengers must
be landed, and a State emigrant hospital and refuge
at Ward's Island, where sick and destitute aliens
may receive shelter, food, and medical attendance,
it necessary for five years after airival.
The multiplicity of details by which these pur-
poses are effected it is of course impossible to give
in the compass of a paper lijse this. It will be suf-
ficient to say that by the construction of the laws
under which this commission acts the emigrant,
while in their charge, can suffer no harm which hu-
man foresight or diligence can avoid. At quaran-
tine, (six miles below the city) every emigrant, ves-
sel is boarded by an ofheerof the commission, who
ootains a report of the number of the passengers,
the deaths (if any) during the voyage, makes in-
quiries into their general treatment and condition,
and receives any complaints they wish to make. The
officer comes up with the vessel and takes care to
see that the passengers are not interfered with or
approached by any unauthorized person from the
shore. After an examination of their luggage by the
customs officers, the emigrants are transferred to
the landing depot, where thoy are .received by ,
officers, who takedown in registers kept firr the pur-
pose all necessary particulars tor their future ident-
ification. The names of such as have money letters,
or friends awaiting them are culled out, and they
are put into immediate possession of their property
or committed to their friends,whose credentials have
first been properly scrutinized. Such as desire can find
clerks at hand to write letters for them in any Eu-
ropean language, and n telegraph operator within
8,643
53,083
the landing depot to forward dispatches. Ilere,
also, the main trunk lines of railway have offices at
which the emigrant oan buy tickets, and have his lug-
gage weighed and checked. Brokers are admitted
(under the seotions which make fraud impossible) to
exchange tho foreign com or paper of emigrants. A
restaurant supplies them with plain food at mod-
erate prices. A physician is in attendance for tho
siok. A temporary hospital is ready to receivo them
until they can bo sent to Ward's Island. Those in
search of employment aro furnished at the labor
bureau connected with tho establishment. Such as
desire to start at once for their destination aro sent
to the railway or steamboat, while any who may
choose to remain in the city are referred to tho
boarding-houso keepers admitted to the landing
depot under special license, whose oharges are regu-
lated and whose houses are kept under constant and
rigid supervision by tho commission.
These services aro rendered without any feo or
compensation whatever. The establishment on
Ward's Island, a beautiful and salubrious island in
the East river, where sick and destituto emigrants
are cared for until able to proceed to their destina-
tions, embraces over one handred acres of land,
whereon are erected hospitals and refuge buildings,
chapels, school-houses, and workshops of various
sorts, in all aboutforty separate edifices, costing up-
ward of $1,000,000. The main hospital has accom-
modation for five hundred patients,and is admitted
to be in plan and internal arrangements one of the
finest in the world.
The following statistics will show your honorable
bodies the extent and importance of tho services
rendered by the New York State commission since
its organization:
Number of alien immigrants arrived at the port of
New York from May 5, 1847, to December 31,1872,
for whom commutation money was paid... 5,033,390
Of which number the commissioners of
emigration provided and cared for out of
the emigrant fund, for a greater or less
period during the five years subsequent to
arrival 1,465,579
As follows:
Number treated and cared for in tho insti-
tutions of the commissioners of emigra-
tion 
Number supplied temporarily with board
and lodging and money relief in the city
of New York  449,275
Number provided with employment through
the labor bureau at Castle Garden  349,936
Number forwarded from Castle Garden to
destination in the United States and re-
turned to Europe at their own request 
Number relieved and provided for in va-
rious counties and institutions of this State
at the expense of the commissioners of
, emigration  214,642
It is not out of plaoe to state here, that many emi-
grants, who, on arrival, pass out of the State of New
York to other States, possessed of strength and
money, and who, through various causes, lost both
soon after, have been returned to this State to
become a charge on this commission, to be not only
cared for in its institutions, but sent back at their
own request to their native land, and in numerous
cases eiaigrante destined for other States, who have
arrived here sick, have been cured in tho hospitals
of the commission and dispatched to their destina-
tion, to enrich other communities with their money
capital and labor value unimpaired.
In thus consulting tho welfare of the emigrant
and the country at large, the State of New York
has felt that she furthered her own truest interest.
Ever since the tide of emigration first set strongly
toward the United States, the city of New York has
been its chosen gateway. Out of six million Euro-
pean emigrants arrived in this country since 1816,
five million thirty-three thousand three hundred
and ninety-two were landed at this port, So long
as New York retains her commercial supremacy
this must naturally continue to be the case. The
interest of New York, therefore, in the subject, is
paramount. Statistics show that of the immense
European immigration the benefits are shared by
all the States, while the disadvantages must be
borne by the city and State of New York alone.
To the We-t for the most part go the strong and
vigorous emigrants, those who become the bone and
sinew of the agricultural population. Itis only the
poorer, weaker, less enterprising who remain be-
hind. Whatever burden is menaced from the indo-
lence of this latter class, whatever danger is threat-
ened from their disease, New York must first en-
counter. To reduce this burden and this danger to
the minimum was the problem that itwas attempted
to solve in the creation of the New York State com-
mission. How well this has been doue the figures
alieady given show.
Your memorialists respectfully submit that the
advantages of this costly and elaborate provision
gradually perfected through many years ought not
to lie lightly cast aside. They further urge that
without radical change in tho law of the land, it
will be impossible for a Federal bureau to extend
to tho arriving emigrant the same amount and kind
of protection that the organization of the New York
State commission enables it to render.
IIow, for example, would it be feasible for the
lederal Government to establish emigrant hospitals,
such as those on Ward's Island, for the care of sick
and destitute emigrants? The Federal law does
not recognize paupers who are subjects only of local
law, and the effect of abolishing the State commis-
sion would apparently be to throw the impoverished
or invalid emigrants on local charity for mainten-
