APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February. 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Vaughan.
42d Cong....3d
respective classes, in conjunotion with their habits
of expense or frugality. The rich p.nd luxurious
1'ay in proportion to their riches and luxury j the
poor and parsimonious,in proportion to their poverty
and parsimony."—1 Elliot's Debates, 132.
In the same report, when speaking of duties
on exports, they say:
" The principal thing to be consulted for the ad-
vancement of commerce is to promote exports. All
impediments to these, either by way of prohibiting
or by increasing the prices of native commodities,
decreasing by that means their sale and consump-
tion at foreign markets, are injurious. Duties on
exports have this operation. For the same reason
taxes on possessions and the articles of our own
growth or manufacture, whether in the form of a
land tax, excise, or any other, are more hurtful to
I rado than import duties. The tendency of all such
t:ixes is to increase the prices of those articleswbich
are the objeots of exportation, and to enable others
to undersell us abroad."—! MUiot'a Debates, 137.
On the 29th January, 1783, Mr. Wilson in-
troduced this resolution:
" That it is the opinion of Congress that the estab-
lishment of permanent and adequate funds on taxes
or duties, which shall operate generally, and on the
whole in just proportion, throughout the United
States, is indispensably necessary," &c.
In this connection Mr. Wilson mentioned
us proper objects of taxation a poll tax, salt,
land, impost on trade, and coffee. (Madison
Debates, 39, 40.)
In the month of February following, Mr.
Madison, when devising a plan of revenue, in
a memorandum takes occasion to mention
each of the States and the motives which
would influence each in agreeing to or oppos-
ing a general plan of revenue. New Hamp-
shire, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware,
and North Carolina are mentioned as States
that would most likely agree to a general plan
'' to secure their trade against separate taxa-
tion from the States through which it is carricd
on." while Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Vir-
ginia, and South Carolina are mentioned as
States that might oppose such a plan, " as
tending to deprive them of the advantages
afforded by their situation, of taxing the com-
merce of contiguous States." (Madison De-
bates, 59.)
In a paper drawn by Mr. Madison in 1787,
tracing the causes which led to the call of
the Federal Convention, among others is men-
tioned the fact that the non-exporting States
were taxed by their neighbors. He said:
"New Jersey, placed between Philadelphia and
Now York, was likened to a c-isk tapped at both
ends; and Nortn Carolina, between Virgina and
South Carolina, to a patient bleeding at botharms."
The careful reader will see in the extracts
quoted foreshadowed the plan, so far as the
same is applicable to revenue, which was four
years afterward ingrafted in the Constitution.
When it is remembered that Mr. Hamilton,
Mr. Madison, Mr. Ellsworth, Mr. Wilson, Mr.
Williamson, and many other illustrious men
who advanced these views in the Congress of
the Confederation, were afterward the poten-
tial men who did more than all others when
framing the Federal Constitution, and many
of them leaders in the several State conven-
tions in causing it to be adopted, the views
presented become doubly significant.
By referring to the debates in the Federal
and State ponventions it will be seen with
much unanimity they agreed upon a plan of
revenue as follows:
1. That to supply a revenue to pay debts
and current expenses the duty oh imports was
mainly to be relied on.
2. The impost failing, f?om war or other
causes, to be sufficient, an excise tax (which
was very odious) was next to be relied on.
3. The impost and excise both failing, as a
last resort, direct taxation was to be enforced.
This constitutes the sole plan and manner
of taxation contemplated by the Constitution.
The only power we have to collect a revenue
is in these few words:
" Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises."
It so happens these were the precise words
used in one of the plans (Mr. Piuckney's) sub-
mitted to the convention. By the wise and
great men who framed the Constitution these
words, few though they be, were regarded as
granting powers dangerous to liberty and
which a people exceedingly jealous of their
rights would not tolerate or sanction. Taking
up the idea advauced in the Congress of the
Confederation, that population was a better
standard of wealth than any other they pro-
vided that—
" Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respect-
ive numbors."
And in the same section they provide for a
census or enumeration of the inhabitants at
stated periods. And thou, again, in section
nine, out of abundant caution they add this
prohibitory clause:
"No capitation or other diroottax shall bo laid
unless in proportion to the census or enumeration
horeinbefore directed to bo taken."
Having provided for direct taxation, and
taking up the idea advanced by the Congress
of the Confederation, as expressed in Mr. Wil-
son's resolution, to which I have referred,
namely, that taxes or duties should " operate
generally, and on the whole in just proportion
throughout the United States." When they
came to provide a rule for duties, imposts, and
excises, (indirect taxes,) they prescribed, " all
duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States."
If it were possible to doubt the meaning and
correct interpretation of these words, " uni
form throughout the United States," by look-
ing into the Constitution these same words
will be found used in three instances:
1. With regard to the collection of taxes, as
contained in the clause quoted.
2. With regard to a .uniform rule of natural-
ization and bankruptcy.
3. With regard to a uniform rule for elect-
ing a Presideut and Vice President of the Uui-
ted States.
The application of this rule, " uniform
throughout the United States," to purposes
only that are general, and such as apply to
the people and property of the whole United
States, leaves no room to doubt what was the
object aimed at by the framers of the Con-
stitution. The next restrictions in the Con-
stitution to which I invite attention are as
follows:
"No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
"No State shall, without tho consent of Congress,
lay any imports or duties on imposts or oxportn,
except what may bo ubsolutelynecessary for execut-
ing its inspection laws."
There can be no question but that the last
clause was inserted in the Constitution to
remedy the evils complained of by the Con-
gress of the Confederation, and to prevent the
States from exercising any power over im-
ports or exports, and that the first clause was
intended to prevent Congress from exercising
any power over exports whatever.
We have seen that the Congress of the Con-
federation thought it was of tho highest neces
sity to advance commerce by "promoting
exports," and that any taxes or impediments
tending to increase the price of native com-
modities, "decreasing by that means their sale
and consumption at foreign markets, are in-
jurious." "Duties on exports," said they,
"have this operation." Thus thinking, is it
a matter of surprise, when the same men came
to make a Constitution, that they should insert
this provision?
As a construction has been intimated that
this clause only applies to articles actually
exported to foreign countries, leaving the in-
ference that that which was not exported might
be taxed, I shall attempt to show that such a
construction is erroneous.
On the 16th of August, 1787, when the arti-
cle levying taxes, duties, &c., was under dis-
cussion, Mr. Mason urged the necessity of
connecting with the powers of taxation the
prohibition contained in article sixth, section
four, that no tax should be laid on exports,"
saying "he was unwilling to trust its being
done in a future article. He hoped the north-
ern States did not mean to deny the south-
ern this security." He moved to insert this
amendment:
"Provided, That no tax, duty, or imposition shall
bo laid by tho Legislature of the United States on
articles exported i'rom any State."
On this proposition debate ensued.
Mr. Williamson "considered the clause pro-
posed, against taxes on exports, as reasonable
and necessary."
Mr. Ellsworth "was against taxiug ex-
ports."
Mr. Gerry "thought the Legislature could
not be trusted with such a power. It might
ruin the country. It might be exercised par-
tially, raising one and depressing another part
of it."
Mr. Mercor " was strenuous against giving
Congress power to tax exports."
Mr. Sherman '' thought it wrong to tax ex-
ports." "The complexity of the business in
America would render an equal tax on exports
impracticable." "A power to tax exports
would shipwreck the whole."
Mr. Carroll ''was surprised thatany objection
should be made to an exception of exports
from the power of taxation."
Thodebate on this question was resumed on
21st August, 3787.
Mr. Langdoti: "It seems to be feared that
the northern States will oppress the trade of
the southern. This may be guarded against
by requiring the concurrence of two thirds or
three fourths of the Legislature."
Mr. Williamson : " Though North Carolina
has been taxed by Virginia by a duty on twelve
thousand hogsheads of her tobacco through
Virginia, yet he would never agree to this
power. Should it take place it would destroy
the last hope of the adoption of the plan."
Mr. Butler "was strenuously opposed to a
power over exports, as unjust and alarming to
the staple States."
Mr. Sherman: " It is best to prohibit the
national Legislature in all cases."
Mr. Gerry "was strenuously opposed to the
power over exports. It mignt be made use of
to compel the States to comply with the will of
tho General Government, and to grant it any
new powers which might be demanded. We
have given it more power already than we
know how will be exercised. It will enable
the General Government to oppress the States,
(as was done in this cotton tax) as much as
Ireland is oppressed by Great Britain."
Mr. Ellsworth: "There are solid reasons
against Congress taxing exports. First, it will
discourage industry, as taxes on imports dis-
courage luxury. Second, the produce of the dif-
ferent States ss such as to prevent uniformity
in such taxes. There are indeed but a few
articles that could be taxed at all, as tobacco,
rice, and indigo; and a tax on these alone would
be partial and unjust. Thirdly, the taxing of
exports would engender incurable jealousies."
So determined were the majority against
granting power to tax exports that they voted
down this proposition to amend "unless by
consent of two thirds of the Legislature."
(Madison's Debates, 432, 4o8, 454, 455, 450.)
VV ebster defines exports to be "a commodity
conveyed from one country or State to another
in traffic, or a commodity which may be ex-
ported." It will be seen from the speeches
quoted that the men who made the Constitu-
