424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
liquors to be used as a beverage in the Ter-
ritories of the United States and in the Dis-
trict of" Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of one hundred
and seventy-nine soldiers and sailors of New
Hampshire, asking the Senate to concur with
the House of Representatives in the passage
of the soldiers' land bill; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I present the
memorial of the Pennsylvania State Temper-
ance Association, signed by James Black, its
president, who, by the way, I may state was a
candidate for President of the United States
at the last election, and by its corresponding
secretary, asking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the results of the traffic in intoxi-
cating liquors, and also concerning the results
of restrictive and prohibitory legislation for
the suppression of intemperance; also what
'urther legislation is proper on the part of
Congress to prevent, within the sphere of the
Dational authority, the use of intoxicating
liquors as a beverage. I am almost at a loss
to know to what committee to propose its ref-
erence, but I think probably the best commit-
tee to refer it to would be the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws, as the memorialists
ask what further revision of the laws of the
United States is necessary on that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator make that motion ?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir; I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, soldiers
of the late war, praying the passage of the
soldiers' bounty land bill; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YICKERS presented the petition of
Albert T. Emory and others, heirs of William
Hemsley, and of Edwin E. Pratt and others,
heirs-at-law of Henry Pratt, deceased, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, soldiers in the late war,
praying for the passage of the soldiers' home-
stead bill; which was referred to the Commit-
tee (iii Public Lauds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of tlie Supreme Council of the Templars of
Honor and Temperance of the United States,
signed by A. W. Tibbetts, most worthy tem-
plar, Reuben C. Bull, most worthy recorder,
asking for a commission of inquiry concern-
ing the results of the traflic in intoxicating
liquor, and of restrictive and prohibitory legis-
lation for the suppression of intemperance.
This memorial is similar in its character to the
one presented a moment ago by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and I move that it be
referred to the committee to which his was
referred—the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
William L. Smith, of Talladega, Alabama,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FEN TON presented the memorial of
Irwin A. Fish, chief templar, and Philip
Shermerhorn, secretary of the Chatham Vil-
lage, (New York,) Temple of Honor, asking
for a commission of inquiry concerning the
results of the liquor traffic ; also of restrictive
and prohibitory legislation for the suppression
of intemperance; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Julia A. Rust, granddaughter and heir and for
the coheirs of Joseph Davis, deceased, pray-
ing to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the me-
morial of the National Temperance Society,
of which William E. Dodge, of New York, is
president, asking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the results of the traffic in intox-
icating liquors, and of restriction and pro-
hibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance, and by way of cultivating the
amenities initiated by my friend from Penn-
sylvania, I have no objection to this memorial
going to the committee which is so very far
fetched as it seems to me is the one to which
this reference has been made.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
citizens of Kansas, praying for sundry amend-
ments to the postal laws of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the
; Post Office and Post Roads.
i Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of citizens
of Montgomery county, Illinois, praying the
passage of the House bill granting land war-
rants to soldiers ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2537)granting apension to Charles Lynch,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon ; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2476) for the
relief of Anne Penny, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred a petition of citizens of the United
States praying that seeds, bulbs, &c., be per-
mitted to be mailed in packages of four pounds
or less, at the rate of two cents for every four
ounces or fraction thereof, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration there-
of, the subject-matter having been acted upon
by the passage of a bill which has become
a law.
The committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
fie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1079) to author-
ize the construction of a bridge across the
Missouri river at or near the city of Lexing-
ton, in the State of Missouri, and to establish
it as a post road, reported it with amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2982)
to abolish the franking privilege, and to pro-
vide for the transmission of official documents
aud other public matter, have instructed me
to report it back with an amendment striking
out the date when the act shall go into effect
and making it July 1, 1873. As this matter
has been long before the country and very
frequently before the Senate and thoroughly
discussed, so that nothing more can be said
about it, if the Senate have no objection I
would ask for the immediate consideration of
the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I hope there will be no
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN and others. Let us pass
it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, and also the
reported amendment.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads was to strike
out the words " September, 1872," in line four,
and insert "July, 1873," so as to read, " from
and after the 1st day of July, A. D. 1873," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill?
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2517) granting a pension to
Clarinda Butcher, reported adversely thereon,
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1093) for the re-
lief of Lizzie M. Mitchell, reported adversely
thereon, and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Henry Barrett, of
Baltimore, praying for a pension, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2549) increas-
ing the pension of H. Louise Gates, reported
adversely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1208) grant-
ing a pension to Delilah Robertson, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
i was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2515) grant-
! ing a pension to Catharine Ross, reported it
' without amendment, and submitted a report
i thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
1 was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2516) grant-
ing a pension to Ivory F. Snow, reported it
, without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be'printed.
! Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
j No. 2496) granting a pension to Almon P.
! Graves, reported adversely thereon, and the
j bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2498) grant-
ing a pension to Amelia S. Parsons, widow of
Nathan A. Parsons, reported adversely thereon,
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2497) grant-
ing a pension to Armstive Goodlow, reported
adversely thereon, and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. ii. No. 2464) grant-
ing a pension to Evan Johnson, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2495) grant-
ing a pension to John Nolan, reported it with-
out amendment.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
Mr. PRATT. Before the recess the bill
(H. R. No. 1271) for the relief of Phoebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield, was reported
adversely. I ask that the bill may be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The adverse re-
port will be recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. By consent of the
Committee on Pensions I ask that the bill (H.
R. No. 2420,) granting a pension to Margaret
A. Renshaw, which was reported adversely
and indefinitely postponed on the 16th of May
last, be recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions for further examination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
PROPELLER OLIVER CROMWELL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report a bill in
accordance with a petition ; and, as it is very
short, I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 132-5)
to grant an American register to the propeller
Oliver Cromwell was read three times and
