1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Statement, and there was no contradiction of
it. I am sorry that he is not in now.
M.b. CRAGIN. I contradicted it at the
time. It was a mere guess of his.
Mr. DAVIS. Of coarse I do not know
whether be was guessing or not; bnt he was
5b earnest, and he is generally pretty accurate
in- his statements. Of course 1 will not con-
tradict the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I ask for the yeas and nays on
concurring in this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I voted in Committee
of the Whole against the amendment, and I
shall do so again. My principal objection,
however, is to not giving gentlemen over sixty-
two years of age employment. Now, there
are many men over that age who have been
in service all their lives and are yet competent
to perform duty. In this Senate we have
gentlemen over that age as efficient Senators
as we have. I am not in favor of Young
America pushing out the men who have spent
their whole lives in the service and refusing to
give them any employment whatever. I shall
vote against the amendment principally upon
the ground that it refuses to let men who have
spent their lives in the service of the country
have any employment whatever.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, and will consent to take a
division.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the call for the yeas arid nays
will be regarded as withdrawn, and the Chair
will divide the Senate on the question of con-
curring in this amendment.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 14, noes 25.
Mr. CRAGIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. This question was very
fully debated in committee, and the amend-
ment .was carried by a great majority. I think
Senators do not understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not parliamentary.
It ought to be rejected by a great majority.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have been out of the
Senate nearly all day on a committee, and I
wish the question now before the Senate stated,
because from what I saw I am perfectly satis-
fied that gentlemen around me are not voting
intelligently if I understand the question. I
ask the Secretary to state what the question is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will say in answer to the Senator that the
question is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, which
the Secretary will now report.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment. "
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am told, and I begin
to believe it, that I voted in favor of this
amendment in committee, which made one of
the great majority that the Senator from Rhode
Island speaks of.
Mr. SPRAGUE. You did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But I voted under the
supposition, not hearing the amendment read,
and according to the debate of the day before,
that the pay part of this provision had been
stricken out, because the Senate had determ-
ined as I understood by a vote or some
amendment to the amendment that it would
not increase the pay. Therefore, I make my
humble apologies to the Senate for having
been wrong in undertaking to increase the
retired pay.
Mr. CRAGIN. On the contrary, the Sen-
ate voted by a yea and nav vote, 24 in favor
of striking out and 29 against striking out
the pay part, and in the Senate the amend-
ment has just been adopted by a vote of 29
to 15.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has sot been adopted
yet in the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The vote to-day I do not
think was fully understood. Many gentlemen
supposed that that part relating to the advance
of pay had been stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring iu the amendment, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to test the
question of the . pay, I move to strike out that
part of the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole which relates to the pay. With
the other part of the amendment lam entirely
satisfied.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out the following
words:
And provided, That those offieers on the retired
list, and those hereafter retired, who were or who
may be retired after forty years' service, or on attain-
ing the age of sixty-two years, in conformity with
section one of the act of December, 1861, and its
amendments, dated June 25,1864, or those who were
or may be retired from incapacity resulting from
long and faithful service, from wounds or injuries
received in the line of duty, from sickness or ex-
posure therein, shall, after the passage of this act,
be entitled to seventy-five per cent., of the present
sea pay of the grade or rank which they hold at the
time of their retirement. And the rear admirals
provided for in the act of June 5,1872, shall be con-
sidered as having been retired as rear admirals.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the retired
pay is now fifty per cent, of the sea pay. It is
proposed toincreaseit to seventy-five percent.,
or three-fourths, and that is the whole question
as I understand.
Mr. CRAGIN. To make it the same as in
the Army.
Mr. DAVIS. The Army has nothing to do
with this case. To-morrow perhaps we shall
be called upon to advance the Army pay, and
the next day to advance the Navy pay again
to correspond.
Mr. CRAGIN. The pay of the Army is
already larger than the pay of the Navy, and
seventy-five per cent, of the pay of the Army
is greater than seventy-five per cent, of the
Navy. A major general on the retired list of
the Army now receives $5,625, and a rear
admiral on the retired list receives only $3,000,
just about one half.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much prize money
did he get ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Only a very few officers
ever received any prize money, and they
simply in time of war. A majority of these
retired offieers are absolutely poor to-day. I
know that from my own intercourse with them.
It is said that the Senator form Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, stated
that this would cost the Government $250,000
or $300,000. I say that that is a mistake
The Senator from Ohio took up a Navy
Register, and said there were three hun-
dred offieers on the retired list, and he esti-
mated this would increase their pay about
$1,000 each. It was an estimate; but he was
entirely wrong.
This amendment will not apply to one hun-
dred and fifty officers on the retired list, and
it will not increase their pay on an average
$700 a year. I state that upon my inform-
ation, so that Senators may vote understand-
ing^, and I state here that I have had a cal-
culation made by the Paymaster General of
the Navy and he says it will not cost to exceed
$75,000, if it does $70,000 a year more than
at present,
Mr. DAVIS. This proposition was advo-
cated yesterday on the ground that the Army
retired officers received this rate of pay. If
the Army gets too much now, we ought not
to advance the Navy. If the Army gets too
much, let us reduce it.
Mr. STEWART. I want to ask the Senator
a question. A naval captain on the retired list
gets now $1,100 a year. Can a man who has
served the country until he is sixty-two years of
age live on $1,100 a year with his family at
present prices? A sea-going man is almost in-
variably disqualified for other business- Does
the Senator want to retire an old sailor who
has served the country until he is sixty-two
years of age on $1,100 a year?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know the salary of
any of the officers, but they all appear to have
lived pretty well heretofore. I know gentle-
men who are receiving pay from the Govern-
ment regularly under this regulation as retired
officers, who are as active in business as the
Senator from Nevada or any other Senator
here, and who are doing business every day.
It does not prevent them from performing such
duties.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment made as 111 Com-
mittee of the Whole, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
question 1 am paired with the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] Ifpresent he would
Vote "yea," and I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Davis, Edmunda, Gil-
bert, Hitchcock, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spen-
cer. Sprague, Tipton, Vickers, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Clayton,
Conkhng, Cooper, Cragin, Fenton .Ferry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hill. Lewis,
Logan, Norwood, Nye, Ramsey, Sawyer, Stewart,
Stockton. Wilson, and Windom—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Aleorn, Ames, Bayard, Bloir,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Ferry of Connecticut,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Maehen,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill Of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom, Rice,
Sohurz, Soott, Sherman, Stevenson, Sumner, Thur-
man, Trumbull, and West—38.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn-
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—-yeas 17, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Davis,
Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hitchcock, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Borenjan, Buckingham,
Chandler, Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Lewis, Logan, Nye,
Pool, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Wilson, and Windom—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow. Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Cole,
Corbett. Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Johnston,
Kelly, Maehen, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Ransom, Rice, Sehurz, Seott, Sherman, Steven-
son, Sumner, Trumbull, and West—35.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuses to adjourn, and a quorum is present.
The question recurs on the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to explain
that this motion to strike out is intended to
leave the pay of the Navy exactly where it
stands now, and particularly as to the last
clause about rear admirals, that we shall not
make a retrospective provision giving them a
pay that they were not entitled to under any
circumstances under existing laws.
Mr. CRAGIN. The last suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont deserves a single re-
mark. At the last session of Congress we
passed a special bill to give the half pay of
rear admirals to the surviving four of the nine
who were promoted on the recommendation
of the President to be rear admirals when
that grade was created in 1862 and who were
retired as captains. This applies simply to
those four old men.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The song of the four old
men has been sung a good many times in this
