1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1389
Chamber, and particularly by the Naval Com-
mittee. The old man of the sea" appears
whenever it ia necessary to increase anybody's
pay. These four gentlemen, whom I do not
know and who I presume to be entirely worthy
of all that they have received and all that the
law provides for them, should not be made
the basis of making a change in an appropria-
tion bill in regulating the pay of the Navy.
That is my point about it. They were retired
as captains, because that was the highest rank
that then existed, and they received the full
pay as captains appropriate to their retired
rank. Afterward Congress provided for another
rank called rear admirals, to which a higher
degree of pay was allowed.
Now it is proposed by this amendment to go
back and to bring up the pay of everybody.
That is the substance of it, although it now
only applies to these four, but the moment
you do it to the four yon cannot resist the
application next year to do it to everybody
else, to bring up the pay of everybody who
has been retired from the public service in
past times according to the rank and accord-
ing to the pay that they had agreed to receive,
according to their rank, pay, and their public
service—to bring it up to the highest standard.
That is the proposition, and I dislike to hear
my honorable friend from New Hampshire
sing his song of the four old men here as the
means of inducing us to take a step which
costs a great deal more than what simply
appears upon the face of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resalted—yeas 13, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Boreman, Davis, Edmunds. Fen-
ton, Gilbert, Hitchcock, Pratt, Robertson, Spencer,
Sprague. Tipton, Vickers, and Wright—13.
nays—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Clayton, Conkling, Cooper. Cragin, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Lewis, Nye, Pool,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Stewart. Stockton, Thuriuan,
Wilson, n.nd Windom—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Cole, Corbett, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Ma-
ciien, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ran-
som. Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Stevenson, Sumner, Trumbull, and West—40.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
reveals the fact that there is not a quorum
present.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere with this bill; but as the Senator having
it in charge is absent, I venture to move that
the Senate adjourn. Those who have staid in
and those who have gone out together have
succeeded in breaking up a quorum. I think
there is a conspiracy between the Senator from
Vermont and others in staying here and some
other Senators to discharge their part by going.
[Laughter.] Therefore, I think we may as
well adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am ready to stay here
still.
Mr. CONKLING. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and forty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 15, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburh, D. D., formerly
chaplain of the House.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
charles t. brown and j, j. s. hasler.
Mr. AVERILL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent of the House to report from the
Committee on Indian Affairs a bill (H. R. No.
3952) to authorize the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts of Charles
T. Brown and J. J. S. Hasler, late agents
for the Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, on
grounds of equity and justice.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Charles T. Brown and J. J. S.
Hasler, late agents for the Chippewa Indians
of Minnesota, on grounds of equity and justice,
but on the same principle, as far as practica-
^Vas 'ke accounts of other agents are settled.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think there ought to be
some report accompanying such a bill as that.
Mr. AVERILL. There is no particular
report; but if the House will indulge me just a
moment I will state the facts. These gentle-
men have been unable to settle their accounts
because of certain inexorable rules of the
military department. Mr. Charles T. Brown
was appointed Indian agent in 1859, and his
term of office continued only about thirty days.
At that time the policy of the Government
changed, so far as the management of Indian
affairs was concerned, being transferred from
the civil to the military department. Mr.
Brown was succeeded by Captain Hasler,
whose term of office continued only for a few
months, for some reason I cannot explain and
do not know, but which is immaterial, and he
was then ordered to duty at another place. In
consequence of the brevity of the terms of
office of these agents, they have been unable to
inspect the property then under their charge
and which should have been inspected by them.
Hence they were unable to take up the prop-
erty upon the rolls and transfer it in regular
military manner. There is sufficient data in
possession of the accounting officers at the
present time to make just and proper settle-
ment in reference to both of these officers.
All they need is authority, which this bill pro-
poses to give, to have this done.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was received, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. AVERILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the prksidjsnt and vice president.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the joint com-
mittee appointed by this House and the Senate
for the purpose of notifying Ulysses S. Grant,
of Illinois, and Henry Wilson, of Massachu-
setts, of their election respectively to the
offices of President and Vioe President of the
United States, have discharged that duty, and
are instructed by those gentlemen to report
to our respective Houses their acceptance of
those high trusts, their profound obligation to
the people of the United States for this mark
of their confidence, and also their firm pur-
pose to discharge faithfully the duties of their
respective offices.
contracts with indians.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to report, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, a bill relative to private contracts or
agreements made with Indians.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information ; after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that here-
after it shall not be lawful for any United
States officer, or other person under its employ
or control, to recognize the binding force or
legality, or in any manner sustain or enforce
or counsel, or give any aid or assistance to sus-
tain or enforce any contract or agreement made
by any person or persons, or corporation, with
any band, tribe, or nation of Indians, or in-
dividual Indian or Indians, not a citizen of
the United States, entered into prior to the
date of the act of Congress regulating the
mode of making private contracts with Indians,
approved May 21, 1872, for the payment or
delivery of any money or other thing of value,
in present or in prospective, or for the granting
or procuring any privilege to him or her, or
any other person or persons, or corporation,
in consideration of services for or advance-
ments made to the Indians relative to their
lands, or to any claim growing out of or in
reference to annuities, installments, or other
moneys, claims, demands, or thiug, under laws
or treaties with the United States, or official
acts of any officer thereof, or in any way con-
nected with or due from the United States,
uuless such contract or agreement was reduced
to writing and duly signed by the parties in
interest thereto at the time it was entered into
and fully made known to the parties at the time
the contract was signed, and then not until
such original written contract shall first have
been presented to and examined by .the Secre-
tary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, and these facts by them sever-
ally indorsed thereon, and a copy of the con-
tract and of any assignments that may have
been made thereon duly entered of record in
the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
The bill, in its second section, provides that
in addition thereto there shall also be filed in
the Commissioner's office and retained therein
as official papers, and be examined by the
Commissioner and Secretary, and that fact
indorsed on them, the following statement of
facts touching each and all such contracts and
agreements so presented; which statements
shall be sworn to specially by all and severally
the person or persons claiming interest in and
seeking the support and enforcement of such
contract or agreement, and not by agent or
attorney: first, that the writing presented for
examination and record, as provided for in
the first section of the act, and purporting to
bo the origiual contract or agreement, is in
fact such, and that it was entered into and
reduced to writing at the date and tor the pur-
poses it purports to have been made and exe-
cuted ; second, such sworn statement shall
give particularly the names of the real parties
in interest in the original contract or agree-
ment, naming them, if not named in the
written contract or agreement; and if either
of the contracting parties is a band, tribe, or
nation of Indians, or a corporation, or firm,
the name of the person, officer, or agent con-
tracting in their behalf, together with his
authority for so doing, shall be specially stated ;
third, a particular statement of all and singu-
lar the services rendered or the thing or things
done under such contract or agreement prior
to the filing, with those things to be done or
rendered, together with a particular statement
of any and all moneys paid or advanced by
either party under such contract or agreement,
giving in ali cases the time, place, and real
value of services rendered, or thing or things
done, or the kind and manner of payment,
whether in money, property, or credits, up to
the date of the filing of the sworn statement;
fourth, state specifically whether the original
contract or agreement had been submitted to
any Secretary of the Interior, Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, superintendent of Indian
affairs, Indian agent, commissioner, or other
person having official control of or connection
with Indian affairs, giving the time when,
place where, and person, by name, to whom
such submission was made, and whether by
the officer indorsed or not, or whether any
such officer was cognizant of such contract
or agreement having been made, though not
submitted to him for approval.
The bill, in its third section, empowers the
Secretary of the Interior or Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to require, in writing, any addi-
tional facts or proofs that may be necessary to
aid in determining the true character of the
contract or agreement or assignment thereof.
The bill, in its fourth section, provides that
no such contract or agreement shall be recog-
nized by any officer or employe of the United
States until the Secretary of the interior shall,
after full consideration of any such contract or
