1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
passed. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an American register to the
propeller Oliver Cromwell, ail American-built
vessel, sold to Canadian parties in 1856,
wrecked in the straits of Mackinaw, purchased
and rebuilt by J. P. Clark, an American citi-
zen, who is now her owner.
bills introduced.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1326) for the relief of settlers on the late
Sioux Indian reservation in the State of Min-
nesota ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also (by request) asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1327) to incorporate the North
Central railway, and to grant said company
right of way through the public lands of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also (by request) asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1328) to incorporate the European
and American Land and Emigration Com-
pany ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1329) for the relief of S. M. A. Lo-
renzo Noodt, of the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, late first lieutenant one
hundred and fourth United States colored
volunteers; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1330) to provide for the purchase for the
use of the Government of certain rights in
patents of breech-loading firearms and ma-
chine for tapering metallic cartridges ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1331) to amend an act entitled "An act for
tho relief of certain tribes of Indians in the
northern superintendency," approved June
10, 1872; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART (byrequest) asked, and by
unanimous consent abtamed, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1332) to amend the act
to further the administration of justice, and
for other purposes; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1333) fixing the salaries of certain officers;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
engineer reconnoissance op nevada.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate a report concerning
an engineer reconnoissance accomplished in 18(59
from the headquarters department of California,
First Lieutenant George M. Wheeler in charge, in
parts of southern and southeastern Nevada, a map
of which was published from those headquarters.
engineer exploration 01? public domain.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish Congress with a preliminary or progress
report showing the stage of prosecution of the sys-
tematic engineer exploration of the public domain
west of the one hundredth meridian so far as this re-
lates to the expedition of 1872 in Utah, Nevada, and
Arizona, conducted under the immediate charge of
First Lieutenant George M. Wheeler, corps of engin-
eers United States Army; this report to embrace
also a full exhibit of areas in this and other portions
of our territory west of the one hundredth meridian,
yet unsurveycd instrumentally, and the project of
the surveys contemplated for the ensuing season.
deposit of post office moneys.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
take up Senate bill No. 1318, to which I think
there will be no objection, reported from the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 1318) to authorize certain postmasters
to deposit public moneys in national banks
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that it
shall be lawful for any postmaster, having
public money belonging to the Government,
where there are no designated depositaries,
treasurers of mints, or Treasurer or Assistant
Treasurers of the United States, within the
county, to deposit it, at his own risk and in
his official capacity, in any national bank in
the town, city, or county where he resides;
but no authority or permission is or shall be
given for the demand or receipt by the post-
master, or any other person, of interest,
directly or indirectly, on any deposit made a3
herein described ; and it is to be duty of all
postmasters who have made any such deposit
to report quarterly to the Postmaster General
the name of the bank where such deposits have
been made, and also state the amount which
may stand at the time to their credit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know that any explanation of the bill is neces-
sary. I believe it fully explains itself. Under
the existing law, the old sub-Treasury act, all
postmasters are obliged to keep their money
in their own possession unless they are in the
locality of one of the mints, of the Treasury
of the United States or of some Assistant Treas-
urer, and we constantly have applications
coming here from postmasters for relief who
have money taken from their possession, but
yet they are compelled to keep it in their pos-
session, whereas they might, if authorized by
law, deposit it,, which would be much more
safe, in some national bank. I think there can
be no objection to the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to hear the
last clause of the bill, that requiring reports,
read again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And it shall be the duty of all postmasters who
have made any such deposit to report quarterly to
! the Postmaster General tho nameof the bank where
such deposits have been made, and also state the
amount which may stand at thctimo to their credit.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to inquire
does the bill refer to anything but money ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Nothing,
i Mr. THURMAN. Almost all the bills that
, have been passed by Congress for the relief of
postmasters have been where stamps were
i stolen. If the law prohibits the postmasters
i from letting the stamps go out of their pos-
j session, would it not be well to amend the bill
I so as to allow them discretion to deposit them
I in the banks? I suppose the banks would
i keep them safely in their vaults.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not
aware that there is any law against post-
masters depositing stamps in any bank they
choose. There is a positive provision of law
against their making deposits of money in any
bank whatever.
Mr. THURMAN. If there is no law against
their keeping their stamps in a bank safe,
there is no necessity for passing any law on
that subject, because the Postmaster General
can regulate it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
disbursing agents.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate to con-
sider Senate bill No. 1312, which is a bill of
some importance to the Treasury Department,
and to which I think there will be no objec-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1312) authorizing deputy collectors and
other officers of the customs to act as disburs-
ing agents in certain cases, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that in case of the sick-
ness or unavoidable absence of any collector
or surveyor of customs from his office, he may,
with the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, authorize some officer or clerk under him
to act in his place, and to discharge all the
duties required by law of such collector or
surveyor in his capacity as disbursing agent;
but the official bond given by the principal of
: the office is to be held to cover and apply to
the acts of the person appointed to act in his
: place in such cases.
j Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to inquire of
I the chairman of the Committee on Finance
j whether an officer under the existing bond
! could be held for any default on the part of
j another authorized to make disbursements for
j him under this bill ?
i Mr. SHERMAN. That is a very natural
inquiry. I made the inquiry myself, and I
find that the bond covers all cases of this
kind. All bonds of collectors now cover
such cases.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not see how you
can extend the liability of the sureties on
those bonds unless it is expressly provided in
the original bond that it shall be so extended.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bonds themselves
provide for liability for all duties imposed by
law at any time. I will Btate that this bill is
recommended to us by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and was prepared at the Treasury
Department to cover the cases that have
occurred in the last year, of the sickness or
unavoidable absence of the only officers who
were authorized to pay out money, thus some-
times putting persons to great inconvenience
and great loss. The bill explains itself.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bill recommitted.
Mr. CALDWELL. I ask that by unan-
imous consent the vote indefinitely postponing
the bill (S. No. 901) to prevent an appropri-
ation therein mentioned from lapsing because
of delay in the adjustment, which was re-
ported adversely from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs on the 16th of December last, be
reconsidered and the bill referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I will state that at
the time this adverse report was made a bill
embracing the same matter was before the
Committee on Military Affairs, and that com-
mittee now desire to have the bill and papers
referred to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote on the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill will be regarded as reconsid-
ered and the bill with the papers referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
the calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Calendar
during the residue of the morning hour, under
the rule adopted at the beginning of the ses-
sion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business the Secretary will
proceed under the Anthony rule, as it is called,
with the Calendar of unobjected cases until one
o'clock, when the Indian appropriation bill will
come up as the unfinished business. The first
bill on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 100) to
provide for the adjustment and satisfaction of
claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st day
of July, 1801. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations [Mr. Cameron]
is absent, it will be passed over and retain its
