1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Refunding of Cotton Tew—Mr, Vaughan.
Hq..qpEeps.
tioa regarded it in the same light. This con-
forms precisely with the opinion of every Cham-
ber of Commerce on the globe. .Invariably
in their reports they term whatever is received,
whether it be cotton, tobacco, flour, bacon,
or other produce, and is sent out to be con-
sumed, whether in adjoining States or abroad,
as exports.
Admitting, for argument sake, that the term
exports applies only to articles sent abroad,
or to foreign countries, that construction will
not avail. The question recurs, when did it
assume the character of an export? X con-
tend it assumed that character when it was
picked out, ginned, and baled. Congress
made it so when they said in the acts levying
this tax that it should not be moved from the
place where grown until the tax was paid.
The law then was executed on the plantations
where it grew. Being thus executed, what
difference does it make what became of the
product afterward, and whether consumed in
one of the New England States or sent to for-
eign countries? To show the absurdity of
the proposition let me illustrate: a former in
Mississippi raises two bales of cotton; they
are grown on the same soil, picked, ginued,
and baled by the same hands and power;
they weigh five hundred pounds each; they
are numbered one and two ; they look pre-
cisely alike; they are taxed alike ; can one be
said to be an article of export, the other not ?
They are sent from Mississippi to Memphis.
When they cross the line from one State to
another, what are they if not articles of expoit
from one State to another? When they get
to Memphis and are rebaled or repressed and
old marks and brands obliterated, can any
man say one is an article of export and the
other not, or which is which ? if the tax is
only void as to the bale sent abroad and the
other not, and as both bales have been taxed,
under what rule and by what authority is the
bale not exported taxed ? Can a law passed
by Congress which goes to the very essence of
the subject be valid in part and invalid in
part 1
Tobacco, rice, indigo, live stock, lumber,
furs, peltries, &e., were mentioned as exports
when the Constitution was made, and one of
the grievances urged was that tobacco, an
article of export, was taxed while passing
from North Carolina through Virginia. It'
tobacco, rice, and indigo, were articles of
export, then, is not cotton more so now, when, as
we have seen for fifty years, it has constituted
more than half of all exports from the United
States ?
To get nearer the question, the Constitu-
tion reads, "No tax or duty shall be laid."
What is meant by this but that Congress shall
pass no law laying or levying a tax, &c. If
in these words the power is denied, is not this
an end of the question? Look at the words
used when this clause was discussed. Did
they not say " the Legislature could not be
intrusted with such a power?" Did they not
urge as a reason for withholding the power
that it might be "exercised partially;" that
they were " strenuous against giving Congress
the power to tax exports;" "that an equal
tax on exports was impracticable;" "that
a power to tax exports would shipwreck the
whole;" "that they had given (Congress)
more power already than we know how will
be exercised;" "that the produce of the
different States was such as to prevent uni-
formity in such taxes?" Could stronger,
more emphatic, more decided words be used to
show that the Convention meant and intended
to deny Congress all power of legislation on
the subject of exports ? If you have no power
to legislate, by what authority could Congress
pass these acts ?
I take other and higher grounds. The Con-
gress that passed these acts is a creature of
the Constitution. From and under that in-
strument you derive your authority. Looking
into that, your powers of legislation are strictly,
defined, specified,, and limited. You have
pqwer expressly given in section eight, article
one, to lay and collect duties, imposts, and
excises. Looking further into the Constitution
you will find in section nine, and article one,
commonly termed prohibiting clauses, these
prohibitions:,
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended," &o.
"No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall bo
passed."
"No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
Would one of you justify a suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus in a time of peace,
a bill of attainder, or ex post facto law?
Not one of you. would justify such infrac-
tions. If not as to these, can you justify strik-
ing down this other bulwark intended to pro-
tect the weak against the strong? Here they
are side by side m the same section and article.
Can one be more sacred than the other ? Look-
ing still further you will find in the amendments,
article ten, this clause:
" The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to tho States respectively, or to
the people."
I have given you a faithful and truthful
expos6 of the reasons and arguments which
influenced the framers of the Constitution. If
these do not show that this cotton tax violated
the rule of uniformity, and that Congress has
no power whatever to even legislate upon the
subject of exports, then the English language
is impotent to express with force and certainty
the object aimed at.
Mr. Speaker, in a desultory manner I have
endeavored to point out the great and cardinal
principles of the Constitution which should
govern our legislation, and the cheeks and
restraints inserted in the same to guard against
usurpation, injustice, and inequality.
In the minds of all dispassionate, reflecting
men, it must be. obvious that in levying this
cotton tax the Constitution has been violated,
and thereby great wrongs and oppressions
practised upon the southern people. The only
bond of union binding the States together
that I know of is the Constitution. It exists,
or it does not. If it exists, shall this appeal to
you to respect and observe its requirements,
and if wrong and injury has been practiced to
redress them, be made to you in vain ? Have
we come to this degradation in our history that
you, the chosen Representatives of the people,
are either callous to injuries inflicted or are
afraid to do what is right ? God forbid !
What arguments are urged why this tax
should not be refunded? By some, I trust
there are not many, it is urged that this was
a tax on consumption, and being so, fell on
the whole population. I shall not answer this
pretense ; it is not worthy of any other reply
than this, that every intelligent man in Con-
gress and out of it, by picking up the prices
current and telegraphic accounts published
daily of the markets, will see that the price of
cotton when this tax was laid, now, and at all
times, whether the article be consumed in the
United States or abroad, is invariably and
absolutely governed by the European market;
that being the case, it is impossible that this
tax should fall upon any others, in any degree
whatever, than the producers. If you of the
non-cotton-producing States paid the tax, how
has it happened that we are ruined and bank-
rupted and you have faHened and prospered?
I answer, the Congress that passed these acts
knew it was so when they provided a drawback
in favor of the exporter,of the manufactured
article. This is a logicwhich.no sophistry can
avoid or answer.
It ia sometimes said this is a mighty sum,
$65,000,000, and it is even hinted that gentle-
men representing othes, than cotton States
cannot risk refunding it, it matters not how
obvious the injustice and unconstitutionality of
the acts imposing it. You, seem, not to have
been alarmed when you passed the acts and
did the wrong by inflicting these burdens upon
an unrepresented,-impoverished, and ruined
people. Having done wrong, do you feaa: to do
right? Look at this picture and that. You
left your corn, wheat, barley, hay, and other
products, that were woith one year with
another, tenfold more, and that were repre-
sented untaxed. Why should you leave out
your products and tax ours? You singled out
cotton, unrepresented, worth tenfold less, and
taxed it. ,Is.this your justice? You see and
you know that a great wrong has been in-
flicted, is it,not better.that this wrong shall be
remedied aud the bu,rden fall, upon all the
people than that it should fall upon less than
a third and those least able to bear it ?
Again I ask, where is your justice ? If the
Cpnstitution lias been violated has not this
fund been wrongfully extorted, and do you not
hold it in trust for those from whom taken ?
This question raises another. Some gentle-
men say it is true this tax was wrongfully
taken, but they are afraid, very much afraid,
it, will never reach the hands of those from
whom taken, and therefore without trying, or
even investigating, they will not vote for the bill.
This is a poor subterfuge. If your wife or
child was lying ill with a fever would you
refuse to give them medicine and help fearing
they might die, or would you exert yourself
to avoid that calamity ?
A few words about this bill. As it has been
maligned aud misrepresented, I beg leave to
say a fairer and juster bill has never been
drawn for meting out even-handed justice to all.
We claim only that the taxes collected' after
the 30th of June, 1865, when the war was
over, when the civil laws bore sway, when
there was Jiot a-Jiostifce man in arms through-
out the laud, shall be refunded.
It is a well-known fact that the Government
officials when collecting this tax very generally
issued to those who paid it a shipping permit
only, which permit by their regulations had to
accompany the cotton to market, and thereby
the party paying the tax has no receipts, and
the only evidence of such payments is to be
found in the books of revenue collectors.
These books, permits, &c., were under the con-
trol of the Treasury, who have issued stringent
orders to furnish no proof to the taxpayers.
For the purpose of getting at these books,
and all the evidence possible, by this bill, the
commissioners to be appointed are clothed
with ample powers to demand and receive
these books, papers, &c., to issue svApcejias
duces, te cum, summon witnesses, <fcc. _ The
commissionershaving,procured all theevideuee
possible are then prepared, to act. There are
several classes of claimants in the southern
States. It is well known that in the year 1865
but little cotton was raised. The $19,000,000
collected for that fiscal.year fell upon cotton
principally raised in 1861 and held over dur-
ing the war. As a general .thiug the crop
of 1801 had passed out of the hands of the
producers, The planters who raised the cot-
ton for, that year paid their merchants and
other creditors; others, again, sold it to their
neighbors to raise money to live on during
the war.
The act of 1864 taxing this cotton at two
cents per pound was passed after the cotton had
passed out of the hands of the producers. The
