90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding of Ootton Tax—Mr. Bright.
42d Cong....3d
tax fell upon those who happened to own it
when the tax was paid, and they are entitled
to receive it as the burden fell upon them.
In 1866 and 1867 the tax as a general thing
was paid by the planters and freedmen, either
directly or indirectly through their factors, and
they are entitled to receive this tax. It is well
known when the war ended the mules and
farming implements of the southern people
had been destroyed, and in many sections of
the country that the planters had neither mules,
horses, plows, harness, meat, corn, or money.
Their former merchants and factors advanced
them money to purchase what they needed.
From the very high prices of provisions, labor,
and this tax, their efforts to raise cotton proved
disastrous, extremely so; and many thousand
in every State were ruined and unable to pay
the debts due their merchants and factors.
They still owe them in many instances. Shall
the factor or merchant who advanced the
money upon which the crop was made and
this tax paid be deprived of his rights when
the party to whom they advanced still owes
them?
To meet all such cases, to enable the com-
missioners to do equal and exact justice to the
merchant, planter, and freedmen, they are
required by this bill to hear, examine, and
determine each and every case upon its merits,
and then to " direct the payment of the same
to the person or persons legally and justly enti-
tled thereto." Can human legislation go fur-
ther? Away, then, with all the stories fabric-
ated to prejudice this bill. It will not beover-
looked that I have based my argument upon
the pledges given that the war was prosecuted
to save the Union, and that the grievances
complained of are for wrongs inflicted since the
war. Representatives, the question is before
you with its cares and responsibilities.
When the hour comes, as come it must to
all, and the things of this world are passing
away, may God grant that neither you nor I
shall embitter our last moments with the
remembrance of a duty neglected or duty
violated.
Refimding of Cotton Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. BRIGHT,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
February 11, 1873,
On the bill(H. R. No. 3564) to refund certain taxes
collected by the United States on raw cotton during
the years 1865,1866.1867, and 1868.
Mr. BK1GHT. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
submit some reasons why Congress should
refund the cotton tax collected in the years
1865, 1866, and 1867, by authority of acts of
March 7, 1864, and July 13, 1866. The bill
does not contemplate the payment of any tax
collected before 1865. I speak in obedience
to resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Tennessee, as well as from my own firm
convictions that Congress ought to make the
restitution. I speak for no ring, but for the
great principle of right. I shall strive to
speak dispassionately to the great heart and
sound sense of the nation. I do not stand
here to question the integrity of those who
passed the law. If error has been com-
mitted it can but heighten our faith in the
stability of human government to know that
there is intelligence to perceive it, magnan-
imity to confess it, and justice to correct it.
Human fraility is always on the work of
revision and correction. The author corrects
the errors of his old editions, the judge re-
verses his former decisions, Legislatures re-
peal their own laws, Cabinet ministers correct
their own blunders, and the people reform
their own constitutions.
It is not marvelous that Congress, while
glowing with the heat of sectional strife and
flushed with triumph, should have lost some-
thing of its equanimity, and have been swayed
more or less by the gales of passion which
still swept the country.
Cotton, through sectional vanity, had been
styled "king," and being associated with the
leading causes of our unhappy conflict, it nat-
urally attracted the attention of Congress, and
its royal neek was made to bend under the yoke
of taxation.
I hope that I shall be pardoned for attempt-
ing with sincerity to show that Congress incau-
tiously stretched the taxing powers of the
Government beyond the limitations of the Con-
stitution in the imposition of this cotton tax;
and, if possible, to prevail upon the clemency
of the House to restore it to a very needy peo-
ple. The constitutional provisions on the sub-
ject of taxation are as follows. Section eight,
article one, provides:
" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises," * * *
* * " but all duties, imposts, and exoises shall bo
uniform throughout the United States."
Section nine, article one:
" No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid
unless in proportion to the consus or enumeration
hereinbefore directed to be taken." * * * *
"No tax orduty shall he laid on artiolos oxportod
from any State.
" No preference shall bo givon by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of anothor; nor shall vessels bound to or
from one State, be obliged to onter, cloar, or pay
duties in another."
Section ten, article one:
" No State shall, without the consent of the Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports,
except what maybe absolutely nocessary for execut-
ing its inspection laws."
I shall insist that the cotton tax cannot be
justified under the apportionment rule as a
direct tax; nor under the uniformity rule as a
duty, impost, or excise ; nor under the export
provisions of the Constitution.
APPORTIONMENT BIJI.K.
There is no pretense that the law was framed
to operate under the apportionment rule,
there being no assessment nor apportionment
among the States according to numbers, and
of course cannot be justified by that rule. But
suppose that raw cotton, in fact, was the
proper subject of a direct tax, but Congress
attempted to tax it under the uniformity rule,
it would be equally obnoxious to the Constitu-
tion. Congress has no more right to tax an arti-
cle outside of its constitutional classification
than it has the right to make a new constitu-
tion. Unfortunately, perhaps, the Constitu-
tion contains an enumeration but not a defini-
tion of its powers. The facts and circumstances
attending the making of the Constitution will
furnish the safest rule for its interpretation.
They will " furnish evidence just as the labor-
er's plow raises shells, and he concludes the
sea has been here."
The framers of the Constitution were en-
lightened statesmen, had been subjects of the
British Government, and were well acquainted
with the system of English taxation, and it is
fair to presume that the terms which they em-
ployed in the Constitution were intended to
have an English signification.
Within the compass of an hour I could not
begin to quote the reasons urged by them aB
inducements to the revenue provisions of the
Constitution. I shall content myself with
mere references : 5 Madison's Papers', pp. 218,
299, 305, 369, 432, 457, 532; 7 Works of
Hamilton, 845; 1 Elliott's Debates, 411; 2
Elliott's Debates, 96, 193, 194, 260, 315, 324,
326, 328, 332,336, 341, 342, 343, 346, 350, 358,
464; 3 Elliott's Debates, 119 138, 228. 229,
233, 234,240, 248,249,250, 259,270, 271,422 ;
4 Elliott's Debates, 97-99, 101, 178, 201, 219,
255, 446. But what is a direct tax? From
the sum of the authorities existing at the time
of the formation of the Constitution, it is a tax
which falls on the fixed capital or productive
property of a country. (Smith's Wealth of
Nations, vol. 2, p 5.) This property, by legal
significance, was divided into real and personal.
Under the head of personal property, fixed
and capitalized, Adam Smith, who wrote his
great work ten years before the existence of
our Constitution, enumerated agricultural im-
plements, work beasts, breeding stocks, fleece-
bearing herds, dairy cattle, and seeds for
planting, (vol. 2, pp. 7 and 15.) The framers
of the Constitution as well as contemporary
statesmen recognized this same classification.
Mr. Madison said, on the subject of direct
taxes:
"There is a proportion to be laid on each State
aooording to its population. If one article in any
State should be deficient, it will be laid on another
article."—3 Ell. Deb., 248, 249, 254, 294.
Mark, he uses the comprehensive term
article, and which I am pershaded by no fair
construction can be made to embrace either
polls or lands: but they are applicable to
property outside of them.
Mr. Hamilton classed with direct taxes
lands, buildings, and general assessments on
real and pergonal estate, (Ham., W., vol. 7,
845.) Mark, he uses the broadest terms, and
in an unrestricted sense.
Mr. Marshall said :
"The objects of diroct taxation are woll under-
stood; they are but few. What are they? Lands,
slaves, stook of all kinds, and a few other articles of
domestic proporty."—3 EU. Deb., 228-234.
The opinions of these great and wise men
should have apostolic force on all constitu-
tional questions, and they clearly show that
personal property was the subject of direct
taxation. The political economists, McCul-
loch, Perry, Mills, and Say, sustain the same
view.
Under the head of a tax on real estate Mr.
Adam Smith classes a tax on land, a tax on
rents, and a tax on raw farm productions as
being in effect one and the same tax, (vol. 3,
pp. 264, 272, 277.) He argued that all taxes
are derived from "rents, wages, and labor."
Hence a tax on the rents is in the nature of a
tithe on the production, and a tax on the pro-
duction is in effect a tax on the land as well
as the labor and expense combined within the
production. A land tax is supposed to be
paid out of the production, and a tax on the
production must take a part of the yield of the
land. As evidence of this, as every man of
observation must know, the land may be taxed
to death in the production.
While it has been argued with great force
that cotton is an "article" which should be
comprehended under a "general assessment
of personal estate" for direct taxation, yet I
do not make my stand on this position. But I
shall contend that a tax on cotton, in its crude
state, was a land tax in effect, not only as
shown by Adam Smith, but in the sense of
the American Constitution; and if a land tax,
it is agreed on all hands that it would have
been the subject, of a direct tax to have been
assessed in the value of the land, with an
assessment of other farm productions in the
value of other lands producing them, and to
be thus apportioned throughout the United
States. Such was clearly the view of Mr.
Madison. He said:
" It is represented to be oppressive that the States
which have slaves and make tobacco should pay taxes
on those for federal wants when other States which
have them not wouldeseape. But does the Constitu-
tion on your table admit of this ?" * * * *
"Oil the contrary, there is a proportion to be laid on
each State according to its population. If one article
