1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
referred to the Committee on Education and
.Labor.
condition o® affairs in dtah.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States :
which was read :
To the Senate and House of.Representatives :
I consider it my duty to call the attention of Con-
gress to the condition of affairs in the Territory of
Utah and to the dangers likely to arise, if it con-
SiSJirnt kine !uC0i!?1'?g recess, from a threatened
ities W1-e!1 the Federal and territorial author-
No discussion is necessary in regard to the general
?T>ni'?L°CPtns;reSjrf3peo,ting.t,he Territories of the
United htates, and I only wish now to refer to so
Si1*  i£ ?' pollcy as concerns their judicial affairs
and the enforcement of law within their borders,
twi • differences are found in respect to
these matters in the organic acts of the Territories
but an examination of them will show that it has
been the invariable policy of Congress to place and
Keep their civil and erimmal jurisdiction, with cer-
tain limited exceptions, in the hands of persons
nominated by the President and confirmed by the
senate, and that the general administration of jus-
tice should be as prescribed by congressional enact-
ment. bometimes the power given to the territorial
.Legislatures has been somewhat larger and some-
times somewhat smaller than the powers generally
conferred. Never, however, have powers been given
to a territorial Legislature inconsistent with the
idea that the general judicature of the Territory was
Government ^ direet suPervision of the national
Accordingly, the organic law creating the Terri-
tory ot Utah, passed September 9,1850, providod for
the appointment of a supreme court, the judges of
which are judges of the district courts, a clerk, a
marshal, and an attorney, and to these Federal offi-
cers is confided jurisdiction in all important mat-
ters; but, as decided recently by the Supreme Court
the act requires jurors to serve in thesccourts to be
selected in such manner as the territorial Legisla-
ture sees fit to prescribe. It has undoubtedly been
the desire of Congress, so far as the same might be
compatible with the supervisory control of the ter-
ritorial government, to leave the minor details con-
nected with the administration of law to regulation
by local authority : but such a desire ought not to
govern when the effect will be, owing to the peculiar
circumstances of the case, to produce a conflict be-
tween the iJederal and the territorial authorities, or
to impede the enforcement of law, or in any way to
endanger the peace and good order of the Territory
.Evidently itwas never intended to intrust the ter-
ritorial Legislature with power which would enable
U, by creating judicatures of its own, or increasing
the jurisdiction of courts appointed by territorial
authority, although recognized by Congress, to take
the administration of the law out of the hands of the
judges appointed by the President or to interfere
with their action.
Several years of unhappy experience make it ap-
parent that in both of these respects the Territory
of Utah requires special legislation by Congress.
Public opinion in that Territory, produced by cir-
cumstances too notorious to require further notice,
makes it necessary, in my opinion, in order to pre-
vent the miscarriage of justice and to maintain the
supremacy of the laws of the United States and of
the Federal Government, to provide that the selec-
tion of grand and petit jurors for the district courts,
it not put under the control of Federal officers, shall
be placed in the hands of persons entirely inde-
pendent of those who are determined not to enforce
any act of Congress obnoxious to them, and also to
pass some actwhich shall deprive the probate courts,
or any court created by the territorial Legislature,
of any power to interfere with or impede the action
of the courts held by the United States judges.
I am convinced that so long as Congress leaves the
selection of jurors to the local authorities it will be
futile to make any effort to enforce laws not accept-
able to a majority of the people of the Territory, or
which interferes with local prejudices or provides
for the punishment of polygamy, or any of its affili-
ated vices or crimes.
# I presume that Congress-in passing upon this sub-
ject will provide all reasonable and proper safe-
guards to secure honest and impartial- jurors, whose
verdicts wiiicommand confidenceand be a guarantee
of equal protection to all good and law-abiding citi-
zens, and at the same time make it understood that
crime cannot be committed with impunity. I have
before said that while the laws creating the several
Territories have generally contained uniform pro-
visions in respect to the judiciary, yet Congress has
occasionally varied these provisions in minor details,
as the circumstances of the Territory affocted seem
to demand, and in creating the Territory of Utah
Congress evidently thought that circumstances there
might require judicial remedies not necessary in
other Territories; for by section nine of the act cre-
ating that Territory it is provided that a writ of
errormay be brought from the decision of any judge
of the supreme or district courts of the Territory to
the Supreme Court of the United States upon any
writ of habeas corpus, involving the question of per-
sonal freedom—a x>rovision never inserted in any
other territorial act except that creating the Terri-
tory of New Mexico.
This extraordinary provision shows that Congress
intended to mold the organic law to the peculiar
necessities of the Territory, and the legislation which
cI^ntThusm«abliih^jfuI! harm0Bywith th°
I am advised that United States courts in Utah
keen greatly embarrassed by the action of the
t®W}torial Legislature in conferring criminal juris-
on0tn'M„aihe &ae- writs of
on probate courts in the Territory, and by their con-
Tustfee luterferenoe with administration of
« v a5H?s!Jy ^legislature of the Territory cannot
fL ! ? y oart wllatever the power to discharge
by habeas corpus persons held by or under process
iH,cc\urfcs created by Congress, but complaint
in ip i?ons 8£ ^eld have been discharged
in that way by the probate courts.
th„a,t Congress will agree with me
such a state of things ought not longer to bo
tolerated, and that no class of persons anywhero
? «° treat 'J16 laW8 of the United
states with open defiance and contempt.
Apprehensions are entertained that if'Congress
adjourns without any action upon this subject tur-
bulence and disorder will follow, rendering military
interference necessary, a result I should greatly
deprecate. And in view of this and other obvious
considerations, I earnestly recommend that Con-
gress, at the present session, pass some act which will
enable tho district courts of Utah to proceed with
independence and efficiency in the administration
ot law andjustice. U. S. GRANT,
Executive Mansion, February 14,1873.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the message
of the President be printed and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, before whom is
uow pending a bill on the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
disabilities of william smith, vikginia.
Mr. BRAXTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No, 3953) to relieve
William Smith, of Fauquier county. Virginia,
of his political disabilities; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The petition accompanying the bill was read,
stating that the petitioner, William Smith, of
Virginia, having been a member of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress until it expired by consti-
tutional limitation, is under the disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Federal Constitution, and respectfully asks to
be relieved therefrom. The petition further
states that in 1865 the petitioner submitted an
application to President Johnson, according to
the rule then existing, to be restored to citizen-
ship ; but his application was not pressed to a
decision, because he was unwilling to separate
himself from the great body of his brother Vir-
ginians, who were laboring under similar or
like disabilities; but as they with few excep-
tions have been relieved, and the objection now
no longer existing, the petitioner therefore re-
spectfully asks Congress to restore him to the
rights and privileges of an American citizen.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two-thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BRAXTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GENEVA AWARD.
Mr. MORGAN. I now insist upon the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House now resumes the consid-
eration of the bill (fl. R. No. 3139) to pro-
vide for the just and equitable distribution of
the award made to the United States by the
commissioners at Geneva under the treaty of
Washington; which bill comes over from yes-
terday under the previous question. Upon
this bill the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] is entitled to the floor for one
hour to close the debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
for twenty minutes of my time.
Mr. KERR. Before the gentleman from
Maine proceeds I would like to inquire of the
Chair, in reference to the pending discussion,
how much longer the debate will extend?
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House, the previous question having been
seconded and the main question now ordered,
the debate cannot extend beyond one hour
M by unanimous consent.
Mr. PETERS, 1 do not intend to occupy
much time myself, but will yield to others,-
I hnd, upon examination, that the amend-
ment which I offered yesterday is rather mora
comprehensive than 1 intended it to be. 1
ask leave to modify it., so that portion of the
bill will read as I have marked it, and as will
be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
If the court find in favor of tho petitioner, it may
assess and determine the sum which will be an
indemnity, with interest at five per cent, from the
dale of the loss, in all_cases falling within tho four
classes first described in this act, and in all other
cases from the date of the award of Geneva, to the
party or parties claiming, and apportion the same
between them under the principles and provisions
hereinbefore set forth for the loss claimed in each
petition respectively.
Mr. PETERS. The point to which I wish
to call the attention of the House is this: this
bill gives interest on all claims from the date
of the award at Geneva. My proposition is
that interest shall be paid on all actual losses,
or the amount of all property actually de-
stroyed, and embraced in the first four clauses
of this bill, from the time of the destruction
or loss of such property, and that interest
upon the claims of insurance companies and
upon war claims shall be paid from the date
of the award at Geneva.
This question lies in a nutshell. It seems
to me that if the proposition is correctly un-
derstood no one will object to this amendment;
and I understand the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butleu] who reports the bill
will not antagonize it. In the first place,
claimants should have interest from the date
of their loss, because the United States have
recovered it from the date of the loss. I ask
members of the House whether they are will-
ing that the United States should recover
interest from tbe date of the loss and withhold
it from the losers? The fact that the United
States recovered it is known from general
notoriety, and I may be pardoned perhaps
in quoting the personal statement of Mr.
Evarts before the Judiciary Committee, who
said that there could be no doubt, from all the
evidence connected with the transactions, that
interest was allowed from the date of the
losses at the rate of six per cent. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts who has charge of
this bill, and who has widely and exhaustively
investigated this question, has, I understand,
no doubt upon the point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The fact
is apparent from papers connected with the
award.
Mr. PETERS. Now, the United States
having received interest for the loser, the ques-
tion is, will it pay it over to the loser or will it
withhold it from him? The argument becomes
still stronger when it is considered that the
United States have recovered interest at the
rate of six per cent., while the amendment will
allow it to the losers at the rate of only five per
cent. More than that, the United States re-
ceived this interest in gold, while it is proposed
to pay it out in currency. It seems to me pat-
ent that the United States receiving interest,
receiving it in gold, receiving it at the rate of
six per cent., cannot with justice refuse to
allow interest to the claimants at the rale of
five per cent, in currency. I know it may be
stated that the United States may lose one
year' ' ' * ' ™  
iv c yiic
j — 's interest because England is not obliged
to pay-the money till one year from tbe date
of the award at Geneva. But this loss of
interest by the United States is much more
than compensated by the fact that interest
will be received by the United States at six
per cent., while it is proposed to be paid out
at five per cent. only.
No elaboration of this point can be neces-
sary. It seems to me clear that the lose is,
embracing not only the bhip-osvnor. but ll;o
