92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February .11,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding of Gotton Tax—Mr. Bright.
42d Cong...,3d Sess.
Government turned in anger from them; and
they forced to seek indemnity from a foreign
Government which controlled the gold market,
the cotton market, and measurably the com-
merce of the world ! Is this the meaning of
the uniform operation of our revenue laws on
all our citizens ?
But let us pursue the trail of the cotton tax
and see where it will end. First the raw pro-
duction goes from the producer to the manu-
facturer, and from the manufacturer to the
merchant, who distributes it for consumption.
Then how stands the case? Two thirds or
more of our tax burden crops, passed by our
home manufacturers into the hands of British
and other foreign manufacturers, were worked
up in foreign mills and borne by foreign com-
merce to the four quarters of the globe for
the world's consumption. Let the living man
answer the question how the cotton tax could
be uniform in its operation on all the citizens
of the United States when not one third of
the crop is sold, manufactured, and consumed
in the United States, and two thirds are sold,
manufactured, and consumed in foreign coun-
tries. Was it uniform in consumption when
only one third was consumed at home and two
thirds abroad? Was it uniform in its opera-
tion on two great industries when the home
manufacturer could force the refunding of any
tax which he may have paid by the protection
which the Government gave him by duties on
foreign goods, while the producer was not only
without protection, but had to bear the burden
of the tax? Was it uniform to give the man-
ufacturing industry a drawback on exported
cotton manufactures and to allow none to the
producer on his exported raw material? Was
it uniform to single out of the long list of agri-
cultural productions in our country raw cotton,
and levy on it a tax of three cents per pound,
and let the others go tax free, except, per-
haps, a tax of one half cent per pound on
sugar made from the sugar cane?
As an illustration of the shocking inequality,
I give the amounts taken from the tabular
statements of agricultural productions in the
report of Commissioner Wells, 1860, (see
Appendix No. 1)—total annual value $3,282,-
950,000 ; annual value of cotton $303,750,000,
being only about.one tenth of the value of our
agricultural productions, and about one four-
teenth of all the great leading industries of
the country. But was it uuiform through-
out the United States to impose this tax, when
it was known that it would fall on a narrow
zigzag belt in eleven States, and it would
follow the cotton production, as lire would the
stubble, when it could not operate, nor was
there any equivalent tax in the twenty-six
other States? Congress could as easily have
enacted the uniformity of the climates, the
uniformity of the soils, and the uniformity of
agricultural productions, as the uniformity of
the cotton tax. Ah, it was bread to one and
stone to another; one section was Ishmael in
the desert, the other was Isaac in his patri-
mony.
If Congress had framed the law so as to
impose a tax on cotton grown south of thirty-
sixth parallel of latitude in the United States,
every one would say that the law was unconsti-
tutional. Congress did that thing in design
and effect, if not in word. The mere verbiage
of the law should not furnish a subterfuge for
the abuse of one of the most carefully guarded
powers of the Government. And it is hoped
that any advocate of the law will stand upon a
higher platform than a mere verbal sophistry.
But it may be asked if Congress may not sin-
gle out and tax any staple farm production,
under the uniformity rule, if the terms of the
law are uniform ? 1 answer, no. Assuming,
for the sake of the argument, that a tax on a
crude staple production is not in effect a tax
on the land, as before argued, then to bring it
within the reason of the uniformity rule, it
must fall on the consumption. It is intended
that the producer shall advance the tax to the
Government in the first instance, and then re-
ceive it back from the public in the sale of
the article. The tax must he uniform both in
its rate and its operation. By being uniform
in its operation I do not maintain the absurd
position that all consumers should be required
to pay the same amount of tax, making the
poor pay as much as the rich. But by being
uniform in operation I mean that it must
operate on the consumption so that, the pro-
ducer can throw the burden of the tax from
himself upon the public. If he cannot so do, it
is plain the tax would be individual and uot
public, not equal in operation on hiin and the
public, and could not possibly fall within the
reason of the rule ; and falling outside of the
reason, it would be falling outside of the rule
itself. The incidence of the tax will determ-
ine infallibly to which rule it belongs. If it fall
on the individual it cannot be a uniform tax on
consumption in the sense of the Constitution.
To illustrate, Congress imposed a great num-
ber of internal taxes, intending the tax-payer
to indemnify himself in the consumption of the
article by the public. The taxes on coal,
leather, wool, - lumber, whisky, agricultural
implements, home manufactures &c., were ail
taxes on expenses and consumption; all had
a home demand, a home consumption, and a
home protection by custom duties, the con-
sumer being compelled to pay the tax, because
there were no underbidding articles in the
market. Hence we find the coal miners, man-
ufacturers of leather, wool, iron, whisky, &c.,
notwithstanding the tax, made large profits
and fortunes out of the national consumption,
while bankruptcy was the general fate of the
cotton producer. Because the tax on the
enumerated articles fell on the national con-
sumption, it did not follow that the cotton tax
fell in the same way. On the contrary, as I
have already shown, it was impossible for two
thirds of the cotton tax to fell on home con-
sumption, as the cotton was sold to foreign
countries, and it was also true that the producer
could not indemnify himself against the tax
out of the consumption of that part sold in the
United States.
Every one who knows anything about it
knows that the producer cannot arbitrarily fix
the price of his cotton. As I will prove in
another connection, the price of cotton is
fixed at Liverpool, by which the American
market is graduated. The foreign purchaser
and the home purchaser enter the market at
the same time. The foreign purchaser, being
twofold the larger purchaser, took the lead in
the price as it was fixed at Liverpool, and he
paid that price, less expenses of transporta-
tion and exchange, independent of any tax.
The home purchaser never rose above the for-
eign price. So that if the Government had not
intervened, the producer would have received
the full price of the cotton from the foreign
purchaser, as well as the same price from the
home purchaser. As it was, the tax fell on
the producer and not on the consumption. I
know that an ingenious effort has been made
to mix the cotton tax up in a sort of hocus-
pocus jumble with other internal taxes, and
ascribe to them all an identity of classification
under the uniformity rule. The strategy is
not new. Governments always advance their
disputed powers under a blind.
It was never intended by the Constitution
that the great staple productions of the coun-
try, which furnished the basis of its export
trade and gave life to its commerce—such as
cotton, corn, wheat, <fcc., in their crude state—
should be the objects of taxation under the
uniformity rule. So to contend would be to
argue that the country would consume every
thing it produced. The framers of the Con-
stitution were not tied down to any such narrow
views, but they were looking to grand pr&Ctietd
results. The harmony .and security of thegjeat
industries—agriculture, commerce, and manu-
factures—were constantly before their minds,
and they attempted to guard against the possibil-
ity of a combination of any two of them bjr hostile
legislation to overbear and injure the other.
Mr. Madison said:
" The object was to distribute the taxes so that
they should fall on every member of theooomiunity."
Justice Story, after exhausting research, and
being thoroughly imbued with the wisdom,
policy, and justice of the patriarchs of the Con-
stitution, penned that graphic exposition t>? the
uniformity rule, which now. comes up to; us
like words of prophecy from the depths of the
past, giving us the grand apocalypse of the
taxing powers of the American Constitution.
Hear and ponder every syllable and word.
" It was to cut off all undue preferences of oneState
over another in the regulation of subjects affecting
their oommon interests. Unless duties, imposts, and
excises were uniform, the grossest and most oppress-
ive inequalities, vitally affecting thepursuits and
employments of the peopleof different States, might
exist. The agriculture, commerce, or manufactured
ot one State might be built up on the ruins of tho3eof
another; and thecombination of a few,States in Con-
gress might sceurc a monopoly of certain branches
of trade and business to themselves, to thoinjury, if
not to the destruction of their less favored-neighbors.
The Constitution throughout all its provisions is
an instrument of chocks and restraints as well nS' of
powers. It does not rely on confidence in the Gen-
eral Government to preserve the interests of all the
States. It is founded in a wholesome and strenuous
jealousy, which, foreseeing the possibility of mis-
chief, guards with solicitude against any exercise of
power which may endanger the States as far as it is
practicable. If this provision as to uniformity of
duties had been omitted, although the power might
not have been abused to the injury of the feebler
Statos of the Union, (a presumption which history
does not justify us in deeming quite safe or certain,)
yet it would ot itself have been sufficient to demolish
in a practical sense the value of the most of the other
restrictive clauses in the Constitution. New York
and Pennsylvania might by ah easy Combination
with the southern States have destroyed the whole
navigation of New England. A combin tioti of a
different character between New England am} the
western States might have borne down the agricul-
ture of the South; and a combination'of a yet differ-
ent character might have struck at the vital in teres ts
of manufactures. So that the general propriety of
this clause is established by its intrinsic political
wisdom as well by its tendency to quiet alarms and
suppress discontents."—Story. Constitution sec. 957.
Every sentence is big with significance.
Mark, there were to be no "undue prefer-
ences " affecting "common interests)" "no
oppressive inequalities vitally affecting the
pursuits and employments of the people of the
different States;" no combinations to build Up
one industry "upon the ruins of inotber;"
all "checks and restraints the absence of
the rule "sufficient to demolish the other
restrictive clauses of the Constitutionand
by way of illustrating the abuse of the rale,
"a combination between New England and
the western States might have borne down
the agriculture of the South," a prophecy ful-
filled in the cotton tax. All special pleading,
however ingenious, will be futile in its assaults
upon these bulwark provisions of the Con-
stitution, which tower in monumental grandeur
about us.
New England never would have adopted the
Constitution if she had even dreamed that either
her fishing or her manufacturing interests
might have been singled out and taxed under
the uniformity rule, other sections and indus-
tries not taxed. Virginia, North Carolina,
and South Carolina never would have agreed
to it if they had thought that their tobacco,
rice, indigo, and cotton (if they had grown it
then) might have been singled out and taxed
under the uniformity rule; never.
