1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S93
bed, literally robbed, outside of the Congress
of the United States, by men who watch the
claimants at every corner of every street and
demand pay for influence with a member of
Congress-, when they have no influence with
the member to sell; for influence with a mem-
ber of a committee, when they never spoke
to sueh member, or touched even the hem of
hisgarrrient with the tips of their Fingers. .
Why, only a day or two since a small claim
passed this House, and one of these fellows
demanded of the poor-claimant $600 ■for in-
fluence with one or the Committee of Claims
with whom he had never spoken in his life.
In the interest of these men who suffered so
sevetely from the rebel cruisers send them to
the courts, where their only expense will be
the employment of an attorney at a reason-
able price. Before this commission convened
in Washington, at the expense of the fund to
be > distributed, the claimant obtaining his
award must then first distribute to the claim
agent twetity-five per cent, of the amount
allowed, then to these thieves and robbers as
much of the balance as they can seize.
Again, in behalf of the men of my district
who suffered these losses, I accord my hearty
support to this bill, in that it affords but slight
recognition of the claims-of these insurance*
companies. In my opinion that slight recog-
nition is too much. These companies are en-
titled to what pure, soulless law will give them,
nothing more. War was upon us, our ships
were on the seas freighted with rich cargoes,
news came that the rebel cruisers were on the
wing, what should the ship-owner, what the
merchant with precious freight on board the
ships do? Why, they were both at the mercy
of the insurance companies. They then had
the power, and they showed no mercy. Our
ships, may be, were lying at the wharf, char-
tered, ready to sail—must sail. Again the
insurance companies had the power and showed
no mercy. They demanded any war premium
they pleased, and we had to pay it. What was
the result?
The ship-owners of Maine, and I say of
Maine, because I know better about them, too
patriotic to sail their ships under the British
flag, paid the premiums these companies de-
manded ; and the insurance companies actually
made over and above their losses, as shown by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, from orte
to two million dollars; and now they have
the unblushing impudence to come before this
House and demand that we, providing for an
equitable distribution of the Geneva award,
shall so act that those profits shall be doubled
or quadrupled. Why, sir, I know of one
heavy ship-owner in my district who paid
these companies $44,000 for war premiums,
and having one ship at sea when notice of the
cruisers being abroad wag received, apparently
in their track, wag unable to effect an in-
surance. That ship was sunk by a rebel other
than these named in the bill, so he obtains
none of this award for his $100,000 ship so
lost.
And gentlemen on this floor insist that
these insurance companies shall receive irom
the fund, and that he shall be excluded from
recovering his $44,000 paid to them. I say,
sir, there is no equity, no justice in this view.
In my opinion the insurance companies are
not entitled to a dollar of this award, and my
only objection to the bill under consideration
is that it pays them something after all the
rest are paid. This is too much. After the
others are paid as provided for in the bill, the
sufferers from the other rebel cruisers should
have the ballance pro rata.
Again, sir, the men who paid the war pre-
miums ought to be paid as this bill provides.
It is replied that the Geneva tribunal did not
consider such claims. To be sure they did
not, nor could they. What had they to do
With the payment by a man in Maine ol
$10,000 to an insurance company in Massa-
chusetts? Clearly nothing. But this tribunal
4MD CojfG. 3d Sess.—No, 88.
awarded to the United States a sum in
for losses sustained by reason of these cruisers.
Now, «^hatshall the United States do with it?
Certainly pay it out to those who contributed
to this loss. Did these insurance companies
contribute to the "loss? No; rather the loss
was their great gain, coupling it with a fear of
loss. Did the men who paid war premiums
contribute ? As clearly yes.
[Here the hammier fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration appears to me to be as a whole,
based upon correct principles and well calcu-
lated to carry into effect the provisions of the
treaty in regard to the award for damages sus-
tained by reason of the destruction caused by
the rebel cruisers. I think the distribution of
the indemnity received under the treaty is in
the main justly and equitably made. The in-
surance companies are very liberally dealt
with, and I am surprised that they are here
pressing for greater allowance at the expense
of a class of claimants who were the greatest
sufferers by reason of'the depredations com-
mitted by the- rebel cruisers, those who paid
war risks for the protection of their property.
Those companies have already been paid the
losses which they sustained by the very war
premiums which they now resist the repayment
of to the parties by whom they were paid. The
basis of all insurance business is in risks, and
paradoxical as it may appear, the profits of
insurance results from loss. The greater the
liability to loss the greater the profit. Great
hazard stimulates the business, reduces com-
petition, and increases the gains of the insurers.
Such is generally the result, and I think it
was particularly so during the rebellion. I
think marine insurance companies never paid
better dividends than during that period. They
did not lose by the depredations of the rebel
cruisers, but rather on the whole gained, by
reason of the increased premiums resulting
from the fear of such depredations. If there
is any class who have reason to complain it is
the ship-owners, for a careful analysis of the
subject will show that the loss not only of the
war premiums on vessels, but on cargoes, fell
upon this class; and I have prepared an
amendment which I hope I may be permitted
to offer, to come in at the end of line fifty-
seven, page 3, providing for the repayment of
the war risks paid upon cargoes, as well as
upon vessels, to the owners of the vessels in
which such cargoes were shipped, instead of
to the owners of the cargoes. It is true that
in the first instance the premium was paid by
the owner of the cargo, but it is also true that
he received the equivalent of that premium in
the reduced rate of freights which vessels sub-
jected to such war risks were obliged to
accept.
To illustrate, an American vessel liable to
destruction and subject to the war risk was in
direct competition for business with the neutral
vessels of the world which were exempt from
such risk. As a consequence the American
vessel was obliged to reduce the rates of freight
upon its cargo, so that with the war risk added,
the shipper would have to pay no more than
by the neutral vessel. In other words, the
rate of freights by an American vessel must be
as low, including all insurance, as by the
neutral vessel, or the cargo would be shipped
in the neutral bottom. Goods shipped by
American vessels, and paying war premiums,
paid no higher freight, including sueh pre-
miums, than goods shipped by neutral vessels
where no such premiums were paid. By the
laws of trade the freights and premiums were
the same in both classes of vessels, or per-
haps a little lower in American vessels, be-
cause a preference would naturally be given
to vessels not subject -to war risks. Cargoes
were only subject to seizure when under the
American flag, and as neutral flags were avail-
able, the shipper had the option of perfect
immunity from war risk if he chose to avail
himself of it. Not so with the American ves-
sel. The American flag which covered it sub-
jected it and its cargo to loss, and as the risk
of loss attached to the vessel, the penalty of
this disability had to be paid by a reduction
of freight equivalent to the increased insurance
to cover this risk.
As the bill undertakes to repay the losses to
those who have, suffered them, it should be
amended as I have indicated to accomplish
this purpose. There is another provision of
the bill to which I wish to direct the attention
of the House, which is the paragraph on page
3, from lines forty to forty-eight, inclusive,
which places the United States in class four of
claimants in the distribution of the indemnity,
and reads as follows :
Fourth, to the United States for all vessels, the
property of the Government or which were under
charter to the United States, and for the destruction
or loss, of which the United States by the terms of
the charter party was liable, which were captured
and destroyed and lost by- said cruisers, together
with the property of the United States on board, and
the same indemnity to the oflleers,and crews of said
vessels, respectively, as hereinbefore provided in
case of capture of private vessels.
This provides for the payment of the United
States in preference to two other classes of
claimants—those embraced in the fifth and
sixth classes., I think this paragraph should
be-stricken from the. bill, aS it appears to me
to be beneath the dignity, qf the nation to be
classed as a private claimant, or in the attitude
of appropriating to the payment of its own
losses any portion of a fund obtained from a
foreign Government as an indemnity for the
losses sustained by its citizens. If such a pro-
vision is to be retained in the bill it should cer-
tainly come in after all claims of the citizens
have been provided fqr. The losses sustained
by the depredations committed by the rebel
cruisers were in consequence of the inability
or neglect'of the Government of the United
States to protect its citizens on the high seas.
Failing to protect them during the war, it under-
takes to obtain indemnification for the losses
sustained after its close; and if it had not suc-
ceeded by peaceful negotiations, would have
been justified in the use of the war power for
the accomplishment of the object.
Under these circumstances it appears to me
to be neither just, equitable, nor decent for the
Government to place itself in the list of
claimants under this bill, at least until all
classes'who bad a right to its protection from
the losses incurred have been provided for.
With regard to the payment of interest on
these claims I agree with my colleague [Mr.
Peters] that if the amount received under
the treaty is sufficient it should date from the
loss and not from the date of the award, but
I think no interest should be paid on any
claim until the principal shall have been paid
on all. The atnendm«nts I have indicated,
and which I hope to be permitted to offer be:
fore a vote is taken On the bill, are as follows :
Strike out lines forty to forty-eight inclusive on
page 3, and on same page, after line fifty-seven, add
this proviso.
Pi'ovidfd/urtlwr, That any reduction on the rate
of freight on cargoes obtained by the owner thereof
in consequence of the increased rate of insurance,
known as war risks, shall be deducted from the
amount to be paid such owners; and the amount
of such deduction shall be added to the war prem-
iums paid by the owners of tho vessel m which sueh
cargo wasi shipped, as indemnity for loss sustained.
And add to section five t
Provided, That no interest, shall bo paid on any
loss until the principal Shall have been fully paid
on all losses provided for by this act.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman says the
carriers paid the war risks and lost that, much.
What evidence has he that these carriers did
not collect that in increased rates of freight ?
Mr. LYNCH. The point is just this: we
will say, by way of illustration, that one fifth
of the tonnage of the world engaged in the
foreign carrying trade was American, and
that four fifths were foreign or neutral bot-
toms. Now, the shipper of the cargo, in
making his rate of freight, has four neutral
vessels, not subject to seizure, and one that is
subject to seizure, to select from. The rates
