1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
honorable Senator from Iowa farthest from
me, [Mr. Wright,] I have no objection to it.
I think that to prohibit the sale of arms and
ammunition to all Indians, without respect to
their condition or degree of civilization, would
perhaps work injustice; but as I understand
the amendment or the modification of the
amendment 
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator will allow me
to suggest that there has been a difficulty in
understanding ourselves about this amend-
ment. I am willing, if the committee desires
it, to accept the amendment of my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Wright.] At this time, probably
that goes far enough. But the Senator misap-
prehends the scope of the amendment that I
offered. It does not prohibit Indians from
purchasing arms or ammunition, but it does
prohibit them from purchasing them from
traders, and prohibits traders from selling
arms and ammunition to them. However, in
communities such as Kansas, for instance, they
can purchase them just as white people can.
This amendment is designed to prevent traders
from embarking in that kind of merchan-
dise, so that the protection may be complete,
and then that the Secretary of the Interior
himself, where the Indians are civilized to such
an extent that they would not make an im-
proper use of the arms and ammunition, may
allow them to be sold as a matter of course
by any one except a trader. They might be
permitted to go and buy them from a merchant
like anybody else, but this is to prohibit
traders from embarking in that kind of mer-
chandise. I am willing, however, if that is
satisfactory to the committee, to accept the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WIN DOM. I was about to ask the
Secretary to read the substitute offered by the
honorable Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Secretary
will report the substitute.
The Chief Clerk read aa follows:
Provided, That if any trader, his agent, or any
person acting for him, shall sell any arms or ammu-
nition at his trading post or other place within any
district or country occupied by uncivilized or hostile
Indians, contrary to the rules and regulations of
the Secretary of the Interior, such trader shall for-
feit his right to trade with the Indians, and the said
Secretary shall exclude such trader and agent, or
other person so offending, from such district or
country so occupied; and the said Secretary is
hereby directed and required to adopt such rules as
may be necessary to prohibit such sales, and to enforce
the same.
Mr. WINDOM. I prefer the provision as
modified, and I think that the instance of In-
dian battles referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois this morning affords one
item" of evidence in favor of the argument
used by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
the other day. I think, for instance, it would
be very bad policy to prohibit by a sweeping
amendment the use of arms by the Pawnee
Indians. They are friendly. They are the
natural enemies of the Sioux, who are the
worst of all the hostile Indians on the plains.
I think if this matter is left, as I understand
it to be by this amendment, in the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, we may
remedy many of the evils of which the Sen-
ator from Illinois so justly complains, and in
regard to which I fully sympathize with him,
and at the same time do no harm to those who
really ought to be provided with arms.
While I am on my feet I desire to say a
single word in explanation rather than in
answer to the suggestions made by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Sherman,] the other day. The state-
ment as made by him presented a somewhat
deplorable condition of affairs so far as our
Indian relations are concerned. The Senate
will remember that it was stated on that occa-
sion that about 1855 our entire Indian expen-
ses were only about $1,000,000 per annum,
whereas they have now increased to nearly
$7,000,000 per annum. This, taken without
any explanation of the circumstances, or any
reason for this increase, would seem to show a
very bad management of our Indian affairs. I
admit that ther# is no more difficult subject
for the Government to manage, and I think
aho that the administration of our Indian
affairs needs further correction and improve-
ment ; yet I do not believe that the case is so
bad as would seem to be represented by that
statement, although that statement is substan-
tially correct.
Since the time when our Indian bills appro- j
priated only about $2,000,000 per annum we
have made very many treaties with the In-
dians. In 1867 there was a batch of treaties
made with almost all the roving tribes of the
plains, bringing a portion of them at least upon ,
reservations and requiring payments of very '
large sums of money, so large, as was stated
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, that the
House of Representatives became alarmed, and
passed an act declaring that hereafter no In-
dian nation or tribe should be competent as a
party to a treaty. But if you will look at the
record of war expenses during the time when
our Indian expenses were very much less than
they are now, I think you will find that when
we come to strike the financial balance we
are better off now than we were then, and that
this policy which has been spoken of so much
as the policy of the present Administration has
not worked so badly as might be generally
understood if we supposed that our Indian
expenses had increased $5,000,000 under it.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate
for a single moment to some of the expendi-
tures for Indian purposes for the military
Department of the Government before the
inauguration of this policy. On the 7th of
June, 1866, while a member of the House of
Representatives, I offered a resolution calling
upon the War Department for tt report as to
the expenditures of that Department in Indian
wars for the years 1864 and 1865, and in
response to that resolution the Secretary of
War reported to the House of Representatives
that in 1864 the expenses of our Indian wars
in the quartermaster's department alone were
$9,110,372 ; that in the year 1865 the expenses
for Indian wars were $19,263,866, making a
total for those two years of $28,374,228 ; and
it was also stated in the year 1866, by the then
General of our armies, now President of the
United States, that for several months the cost
of our Indian wars averaged about $1,000,000
pfcr week in the year 1866.
Thus it appears that if you take into account
these items of expenditures before we adopted
the policy of feeding instead of fighting Indians
and carrying it out to the extent we were
capable of doing, you will find we paid much
more money out of the Treasury to keep the
Indians quiet by the military arm than our
Indian bills, large as they are now, under the
existing policy.
I am quite willing to go back over the last
twenty years, or even since the origin of the
Government, and compare the expense of
these troublesome neighbors of ours while we
were attempting to keep them under control
by the military arm with the expenditures
under our present Indian bills, large as they
are. I regret that we are unable to reduce
them. I hope the time is speedily coming
when we can make them much smaller; but
I would rather pay $5,000,000 to feed Indians
and keep them quiet and save the loss of life
and the destruction of property than twenty or
thirty millions per annum to subdue them, and
then fail to do it, by the military arm, for I
think that the history of our wars with the In-
dian tribes has been thus far a most disgrace-
ful failure from beginning to end.
I remember hearing it stated at the time such
vast expenditures were being made in 1864 and
1865 that the expedition that followed the Sioux
Indians to the Missouri river, and cost, I think,
some $14,000,000 in all, did not succeed in
killing as many Indians as they spent millions
of dollars. Therefore, when it is stated that
our Indian expenses have so largely increased
in the last eight or ten years, I think it should
be taken into account that if they have in-
creased in the civil service they have decreased
in the military department. 1 am aware that
we still have Indian wars to some extent, but
they are very limited, and the expenses very
small, or have been at least during the last
four years compared with previous years.
I think this explanation proper in view of
the fact that the former statement might pos-
sibly give an incorrect impression as to the
real expenses of this branch of the Govern-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the substitute of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. LOGAN. I said that if agreeable to
the gentlemen of the committee I would accept
that substitute and let the vote be taken on
the amendment as thus amended.
Mr. WINDOM. I believe I have no right
to accept it from the committee, so far as I
am concerned.
Mr. LOGAN. I say I will accept it, if that
is satisfactory.
Mr. HARLAN. It is perfectly satisfactory
to me.
Mr. WINDOM. It is more satisfactory to
me than the original amendment, but I cannot
answer for the committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I only addressed you as the
organ of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the substitute of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no desire to speak
on this question about furnishing arms to In-
dians, but I do mean to say something upon
the question last spoken of by the Senator from
Minnesota, the expenses of our Indian bureau.
If the chairman of the Military Committee
[Mr. Logan] would prefer to have the vote
taken first on his amendment, I have no objec-
tion to deferring my remarks until after that
vote is taken, as they may be as well addressed
to the Senate on any part of the bill, or on the
passage of the bill itself. If he has no desire
to have the vote taken now I will say at once
what I desire to say.
Mr. LOGAN. I suppose it would be just
as well to dispose of this question now.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose to
speak upon the question of arms at all, but
the question of expense.
Mr. LOGAN. I accept the substitute of
the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is upon the amendment as modified.
Mr. NYE. To whom does that leave the
distribution of these arms?
Mr. LOGAN. It does not leave it to any
one. It is to be under the rules and regula-
tions of the Secretary of the Interior, but he
is required to exclude the traders if they sell
to Indians.
Mr. NYE. Exclude them from where?
You do not propose to give the Secretary of
the Interior power to exclude traders from the
Indians except on an Indian reservation.
Mr. LOGAN. The Indian reservation is
what it refers to.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to what seems to me to be
something extraordinary, and that is thegfowth
of the expenses of our Indian bureau. I do
not know anything that presents a more striking
example of the growth of expenditures than
this matter of the Indian bureau. I hold in
my hand a table reported by the Secretary of
the Treasury to the second session of the
Fortieth Congress, which contains the expenses
on account of Indians from the foundation of
the Government down to and including the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1867 ; and by it it
appears that those expenses had then grown
from the sum of $27,000 up to $4,642,000 per
annum. That last sum was for the fiscal year
