430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
ending June 30, 1S67, and since that time they
have been nearly doubled; that is to say, our
appropriations last year exceeded $7,000,000,
an increase not of one hundred per ceut. strict-
ly, but of not less than seventy per cent. So
that our annual Indian expenses have growu
from $27,000 up to $7,000,000, and the bill
now before the Senate proposes to appropriate
over $5,500,000 with the amendments that
have been put upon it.
Certainly, Mr. President, this is a very
extraordinary state of affairs. 1 listened with
great attention to the remarks of the Senator
from Minnesota, in which he contrasted the
expenses, as he said, under the war system
with those under the peace system, in which
he referred to a very notable chapter in the
history of our expenses—the expenses of the
Indian war in 1866, to which the attention of
the country was called by a report made in
answer to a resolution of the Senator, then a
member of the other House, and for which
the country, I think, was under no small obli-
gation to him.
But, sir, that explanation will not do. I
think those war expenses cannot be defended
at all. I think they were expenses that
deserved the condemnation of the country and
the condemnation of Congress. What was
done with them ? There was one expedition,
if my memory serves me, the expense of which
was over $6,000,000—a hostile expedition, a
warlike expedition against Indians who were
said to be at war with the United States, and
that expedition was sent to punish them in
battle, to take the lives of our enemies and
compel them to be at peace with us ; and what
did the officer report? That he had killed
one Indian. Six million dollars to kill one
Indian I That is the official report of the gen-
eral commanding that expedition. An express
rider said that he lied; that it was he, the
express rider, who killed the Indian; and the
traders out there say they both lied, for the In-
dian is alive yet. [Laughter.] That was a spe-
cimen of those war expenditures—$6,000,000
to kill one Indian 1 1 grant that that was a
very poor way of saving public money ; and if
our war expenses were to go on in the same
way, if our Indian wars were to be conducted
with that kind of expense, it would be a great
deal better for us and an economical thing to
bring all the Indians of the country here and
board them at a first-class hotel in the city of
Washington-or the city of New York. [Laugh-
ter. ] We should save money by the operation.
But, sir, that has not been the history of the
war expenses in this country. There was a
notable war under the administration of Mr.
Van Buren, the Florida war, the most costly
Indian war in which this country had ever
been engaged before the war of 1865 and 1866,
of which the Senator from Minnesota has
spoken. What were the expenses of that
war? The expenses of that war, which lasted
for several years, and which were said to be
so enormous, in which there were great bat-
tles fought and many lives lost on both aides,
and which resulted in the complete overthrow
of the Indians, were not one half the expenses
of the war to which the Senator from Minne-
sota has referred, and which resulted in the
expenditure of $6,000,000 to kill one Indian.
But when we come to look at the statistics
contained in the table which I hold in my
band; we find that the statement of the Sen-
ator is not quite accurate, that where the
Indian expenses have been small the ex-
penses of the War Department have been
great, and when we have increased the Indian
expenses we have reduced the war expenses
accordingly. Let us see how that matter stands.
I hold in my hand a paper by decades showing
the expense at the end of each ten years of
the Government on account of Indians, and
these are the amounts as reported: in 1792
our Indian expenses were $13,648. In 1800
they must have included in the expenses of
some other Department, for there is only a
return of $31 32 as expenses. They must, |
therefore, have been embraced in the expenses, 1
perhaps, of the War Department for the year
1800. In 1810 they were $117,025; in 1820,
$315,650 ; in 1830, $622,262 ; m 1810, $2,271.-
857. They had grown from $622,262 in 1830
to $2,271,857 in 1840; but it must be remem-
bered that in these expenses of 1840 is in-
cluded a large sum for removing the Semitioles
and other Indians west of the Mississippi,
those who were conquered by the war under
the Administration of Mr. Van Buren, and
which did not end until about the year 1840,
when those Indians were removed. That
accounts for that large increase; and accord-
ingly, ten years afterward, when there was
no such expenditure for removal, or not to
any considerable amount, our expenses for
Indians were $1,663,000. That is what it was
twenty years ago. Ten years afterward in was
$2,991,000. That was in 1859-60. Ten years
after that, in 1870, it had grown to $3,407,000,
and last year over $7,000,000, and now it
is proposed by this bill that we expend
$5,600,000.
What were the expenses of the War De-
partment in those years? Without stopping
to go over all the figures I can show you that,
if you take the expenses of the War Depart-
ment and the Indian department and add them
together, for a number of these years they are
not equal to the expenses for the Indians last
year—$7,000,000. Let us see how that was.
For instance, go back to 1810. The expenses
of the War Department for that year were only
$2,294,000, and for Indians $117,000. Come
down to the end of the next decade, 1830;
the expenses of the War Department Were
$6,750,000, and for Indians $622,000—less
money than we paid for Indians alone last
year, although we paid for the War Depart-
ment last year, if I am right in my recollec-
tion, somewhere about $30,000,000, was it not ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. About $35,000,000.
Mr. THURMAN. About $35,000,000.
Now, air, come down to 1840. In 1840, as
I have said, the Indian expenses had grown
very great; they were two millions -and a
quarter, owing to the fact that large sums
were expended in removing the Indians to
whom I have referred west of the Mississippi,
and the war expenses were great, too, because
that was just the close of the great Florida
war with the Indians; and yet all the expenses
of the Army were only $7,155,000. Putting
the expenses of the Army and the Indian ex-
penses together right at the close of that great
war with the Indians, the most bloody Indian
war in which the United States has ever been
engaged, the aggregate of the two was only
about $2,000,000 more than we expended for
the Indians alone last year.
Coming down to the end of that decade,
to 1850, the expenses for the Army were
$9,689,000, and for the Indians a fraction under
$3,000,000. You see, then, that it will not
do to put this upon the ground that where we
have increased the expenses for the Indians
we have in a corresponding manner decreased
the expenses of the Army. It is not so, Mr.
President. It may be so if you take only two
years, if you take merely that memorable Sully
expedition, which my friend from Minnesota
[Mr. WijfDOM] deserves the thanks ef the
country for exposing to the public as he did
when a member of the House of Represent-
atives—take those war expenses which he
brought to light, and the Indian expenses, and
then it might seem that his proposition was
true, that just as we increase the expenses of
the Indian Bureau we decrease the expenses
of the War Department; but it will not hold
good if you look over all the expenditures of
the country for any considerable period of
time. That is an exceptionable case.
Now, Mr. President, just think of it for one
moment, just look at it for one moment. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs reports that
the number of Indians in all the United
States, Alaska included, does not exceed three
hundred thousand souls, and that that is u
high estimate. This bill does not provide for
the Indians of Alaska, I believe, at all, or
if anything for them the amount is perfectly
insignificant. Again, it provides nothing of
any consequeuce for the Cherokee Indians,
who have a government of their own on an
Indian reservation. Deducting these Indians
unprovided for by the bill from the three hun-
dred thousand, and it is safe to say that this
bill provides for not more than two hundred
thousand Indians. What does it provide for
them ? Five millions and a half of money—
$27 50ahead for every man, woman, and child.
Now, sir, what are the expenses of Government
in this country ? Take the State of Vermont.
She has a population of three hundred thou-
sand—one third more than the Indians pro-
vided for in this bill—and her total annual
expenses for State, county, city, village, and
township purposes are only, in round num-
bers, $150,000—fifty cents to the head ; and
here we appropriate for two thirds of the
number of persons that live in the State of
Vermont about $27 60 a head.
And this is all humanity, forsooth! Sir,
there are more suffering people any winter in
any two of the great cities of the United States
than there are Indians within our whole terri-
tory. That is the truth about it. There have
been more suffering people within the limits
of New York and Brooklyn at one moment of
time than there are Indians within the whole
territory of the United States. But there are
no $7,000,000 for those suffering people.
There would be no jobs in that; no Indian
superintendents, Indian agents, Indian traders,
and plunderers in every shape in which plunder
can be obtained. Here are two hundred thou-
sand Indians, and this country is called upon to
support them in the exercise of philanthropy ;
and it makes a great exhibit so far as phrase
is concerned, and I must say a great deal, too,
in the solid money of the people. Every year
we have this same kind of speeches made,
these same appeals to philanthropy, this same
old story told about the persecution of the In-
dians by the people of this country, when, as
was said truly the other day by the Senator
from Wisconsin who is not now in his seat
[Mr. Howe]—and I challenge investigation—
no nation that ever had an existence treated a
barbarous people with the same humanity and
consideration or did as much for them as we
have done for these "nobla red men of the
forest," as they are called. That is the truth
about it. But now, under a great cry of phi-
lanthropy and the dissemination of virtue^ and
religion, and civilization, and the like, we are
asked to expend from five to seven million dol-
lars a year ; and then, as a commentary upon
it, after you have made five hundred of them
citizens of a State, you pass a law here, as
you did right on this bill, appropriating
$50,000 to take them out of the way of civil-
ized men and transfer them hundreds of
miles off and plant them in the wilderness,
and that upon the ground that they are a set
of thieves and vagabonds who are uncomfort-
able neighbors to the good people of the State
of Wisconsin. What a commentary that is I
Mr. President, I submit it is time that there
was some investigation of this whole matter.
It is time that there was a thorough investiga-
tion that we may know whether this policy
ought to be longer continued or not. It
will not do to talk about these people being
without means of support or without any
property. As I said the other day, there are
not less than three million people now in the
southern States who do not own one dollar
of property unless it is the clothes that are
on their backs; quite as meritorious people,
surely, as these Indians. No appropriation
is made for them. They are allowed to work.
They are allowed to work because every man
who reflects upon the subject knows that the
man who will not work is not and will not. be
