94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 11,
Ho. op Reps.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Bright,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
all their productions free to foreign countries,
when the interior States, in addition to large
freight charges on their productions, might
have them charged with an interstate duty,
and, with such cumulative obstructions, the
western States might truly find it more profit-
able "to burn their grain for fuel" than to
send it to market. On the contrary, those
salutary provisions were intended to secure
free vent to our commerce, internal and ex-
ternal. Under its exemption from taxation
our internal commerce, embracing the coast-
ing trade, intercommunication by lakes, bays,
rivers, creeks, canals, and railroads, exceed-
ing our foreign tonnage by one thousand per
cent., has grown to a magnitude and grandeur
unsurpassed by the internal trade of any other
country on the globe.
The Constitution intended to sweep, as with
a besom, all the channels of internal com-
merce clean of all obstructive taxation, except
"inspection fees" and quarantine regula-
tions. And not only so, but to provide for the
prophetic redundance of the great internal
valley of the continent, heading in the lakes,
and encompassed with the Alleghany and
Rocky mountains, the one kindling with the
first dawn of the morning, the other illumined
by the dying splendors of the evening, our
Government strained the Constitution to a
verge (as charged at the time) and lavished
its millions in the purchase of Louisiana, that
the export laws of no foreign Government
should be thrust like a mighty "bung" into
the mouth of the Mississippi, to prevent the
free egress of our commerce to the open seas.
Moved alike by great commercial motives, our
Government purchased Florida, and acquired
California that she might possess the keys of
the golden gate on the Pacific. With more
than royal bounty she has lavished her public
domain to connect her ocean fronts with a
vinculum of iron, and myriads of locomotives,
like ships of the forests, sweep unobstructed
upon all the latitudes and traverse all the
longitudes. Were these export provisions
torn from our Constitution it would produce
a reign of commercial anarchy in the heart of
onr country.
But let us be rigidly practical. Was the
cotton tax a "tax or duty laid on an article
exported from any State?" This prohibition
involves three things: a tax or duty laid, an
article on which it was laid, and the article
exported. That Congress laid the tax; that
cotton was an article taxed; that about nine-
teen twentieths of it were exported to foreign
States, and other States of our Union in which
it was not grown, none will dare to deny.
Then the cotton tax and the constitutional
prohibition, when applied to each other, coin-
cide like two triangles of equal sides and equal
angles when applied to each other. But shall
we be told that the cotton tax was not called
an export tax? Neither does the Constitution
call it an export tax, but the prohibition tax
is a tax on the article exported. The Consti-
tution would have been a puerile contrivance
if its solemn prohibitions could have been
avoided by a mere metonymy of speech. Con-
stitutional abuses cannot be sheltered under
the artful phraseology of the law. Our judi-
ciary always strip the disguises with an unspar-
ing hand. The law is judged by its effects
and not by its form or words.
Take for illustration that historic example.
An ancient general promised the soldiers of a
garrison that if they would surrender their blood
would not be shed. They surrendered, and
he buried them alive I He kept the letter of
his promise, but history impaled him as a
monster who added a detestable hypocrisy to
his crime. But see how the courts head off
these subterfuges. A license tax on the mer-
chant to sell imported goods was held in effect
to be a tax on the goods, and unconstitutional.
(Brown vs. Maryland, 12 Wheat., 449.) A
stamp tax on a bill of lading was held to be a
tax on the gold to be exported, and void.
(Almy vs. California, 24 How., 169.) A law
which gave the port-wardens a fee of five dol-
lars on every vessel which entered the port
was held to be an impost on the vessel, and
void. (S. Steamship Co. vs. Port-wardens
N. O., 6 Wall., 31.) But it is unnecessary to
multiply authorities to overbear this phantom
argument based upon the mere name of the
law.
But shall we be told that the tax was not
laid to prevent the export of cotton? This
is sticking in the bark, a sophism which will
burst like a bubble at a touch. Hear the law:
"Section 1. And be it further enacted. That on and
after the 1st day of August, 1866, in lieu of the taxes
on unmanufactured cotton, as provided in an act to
provideinternalroverme to support the Government,
to pay interest on the publicdebt, and for other pur-
poses, approved Juno 30,1864, as amended by the
act of March 3,1865, there shall be paid by the pro-
ducer, owner, or holder, upon all cotton produced
within the United States, and upon which no tax haa
been levied, paid, or colleoted, a tax of three cents
per pound, as hereinafter provided ; and the weight
of such cotton shall be ascertained by deducting
four per cent, for tare from the gross weight of each
bale or package; and such tax shall be and remain
in lien thereon, in the possession of any person whom-
soever, from the time when this law takes effect, or
such cotton is produced, as aforesaid, until the
same shall have been paid and no drawback shall;
in any case be allowed on raw or unmanufactured
cotton of any tax paid thereon when exported in
the raw or unmanufactured condition. But no tax
shall be imposed upon any cotton imported from
other countries, and on which an import duty shall
have been paid."
Section five forbids any public or private
carrier to remove said cotton—
"From any point in the district in which it shall
have been produced, unless each bale or package"
thereof shall have attached to or accompanying it
the proper marks or evidence of the revenue tax
and a permit of the collector for such removal." *
•* *   "And any person or persons who shall
violate the provisions of this act in this respect, or
who shall convey or attempt to convey from any
State in which cotton is produced to any port or
place without the United States any cotton upon
which the tax has not been paid, shall bo liable to a
penalty of $100 for each bale of cotton so conveyed
or transported, or attempted to be conveyed or
transported, or imprisoned for not more than one
year, or both; and all vessels and vehicles, employed
in such conveyance or transportation, shall be liable
to seizure and forfeiture, by proceedings in any court
of theTJnited States having competent jurisdiction.
And all co tton so shipped, or attempted to bo shipped
or transported without payment of the tax, or the
execution of such transportation bonds or other
security, as provided by this act. shall be forfeited
to the United States and the proceeds thereof dis-
tributed according to the statute in like cases pro-
vided."—14 United States Statute*, 98-99,
It will be seen that the law is absolute—as
restrictive and prohibitory as language can
well make it. It lays the tax, declares its lien,
prohibits the removal of the cotton "from
any point in the district in which it shall have
been produced," and inflicts extreme penal-
ties on any "who shall convey, or attempt to
convey, from any State in which cotton is pro-
duced, to any port or place without the United
States upon which the tax basnotbeen paid."
As said by Justice Story, is all this no " in-
terference with the subject of exports?"
What is the plain effect of the law ? The Gov-
ernment made every man's cotton farm a
shipping port; the cotton was land locked, tax-
locked, and embargoed ; there was to be no
removal from " any point in the district," no
going out " to any port or place without the
United States," or by whatever other name
it may be called, until the tax was paid, and
then it received its export clearance for inland
or foreign trade.
Congress knew that nineteen twentieths of
the cotton had to be exported from the States
in which it was produced, or lie and rot as
manure upon the farms. By refusing to allow
a drawback on exported cotton, and the posi-
tive prohibition against the removal or at-
tempted removal of it " to any port or place
without the United States," leaves
"No hinge, nor loop, to hang a doubt on,"
that it was meant to be, and was in fact, an
export tax.
It was all the same to the producer whether
he paid the tax on his farm on the frontier
of the States or in the seaports. Whichever
way he turned he was the victim of the tax.
Like Milton's imprisoned spirit, he might
exclaim—
" Which way I fly is hell."
But the proposition is too plain for argu-
ment. The great mind of Thaddens Stevens
could not solve the constitutional problem to
tax exported cotton directly or indirectly,
and with manly boldness he proposed to cut
the Gordian knot by amending the Constitu-
tion for that purpose. It was just as constitu-
tional to take the farmer's life as it was to
take his money by a foreign export tax on his
cotton. Can there be any escape from the con-
clusion that it was an export tax, or a tax on
cotton as an article exported ? If not, the Con-
stitution has been violated and the Govern-
ment holds the cotton tax in the character of
a trustee for the ase of the legitimate owners,
to whom equity and justice require that it
should be restored.
It is now admitted by all enlightened nations
that export taxes are obstructions in the chan-
nels of commerce. Legislatures may attempt to
conceal them by artful laws, but, like rocks hid
den beneath the wave, are sure to wreck the ship.
Prior to 1842 England imposed a duty on coal
exported in foreign vessels; in that same year,
under the ministry of Sir Robert Peel, she im-
posed the duty on it howsoever exported. She
abandoned it in three years. But the duration
was sufficient to check her foreign coal trade
and to develop the coal mines of France and
Belgium—injuries from which she has not
recovered to this day. So the American cot-
ton tax, with a like duration, struck a stunning
blow at the industry, checked our commerce,
and developed the production of cotton in for-
eign nations—injuries which it will take years
to repair. As evidence of this, before Con-
gress imposed the cotton tax, as will appear
by the appended tabular statement, the United
States furnished from eighty to ninety per cent,
to the Liverpool and London cotton markets.
During the incumbency of the cotton tax the
American supply fell down as low as one per
cent., and has not since risen higher than fifty-
eight and a quarter per cent. Bat so far as these
constitutional provisions are concerned you
may strike out the apportionment rule, you
may strike out the uniformity rule, you may
strike out the export provisions, then you would
leave all the States standing as equals in
right, and upon no principle of natural or
political justice could the few be taxed un-
equally for the benefit of the many.
But shall we be told to go to the Supreme
Court? This court is impotent to help. At
best we could only have invoked its injunctive
powers to restrain the execution of the
law. But the law is executed, the money
paid into the Treasury. The court has no
power over the Treasury. Besides, the court
would only decide one ease if we had a status,
and leave thousands undecided. The conrt
in the Farrington-Saunders ease were equally
divided. Their jurisdiction was a thousand-
fold short of relief. The question was appall-
ing, and legislative in its largest features. Con-
gress alone could make restitution, and to Con-
gress we have come, and if Congress turns us
out the denial of relief is final.
But is the Government startled at the mag-
nitude of the cotton tax, and does it recoil
from i ts restoration 1 Just imagine the hard-
ships to the impoverished few from whom it
was squeezed like the last drop from an
