18 V 3.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
late myself upon any new views that I have |
received from him. The Senator has pursued
the usual line of argument upon this question,
to find fault with the existing policy, to direct
attention to its weakest points and to its
difficulties but, with all his statesmanship and
wisdom, has not yet taught me how we are to
get rid of our troublesome Indian neighbors.
One suggestion which the honorable Senator
makes is that he will not pay $5,000,000 to
keep the peace with two hundred thousand
Indians, or with any other number of people
in the world. Nor do we in this appropriation
bill. We pay these $5,000,000, or nearly the
whole amouut of it, because we have agreed
in contracts, so-called treaties, with these
tribes that we will pay it. The Senator says
that he will go as far as to do all that the
honor of the nation requires in this matter.
The honor of the nation is now pledged to the
payment of the sums stipulated to be paid to
these tribes of Indians, and hence the Senator
must go with' me in making these appropri-
ations, as he doubtless does.
Then why shall we find fault ? It may have
been a mistake when we made the treaties;
doubtless many of them were mistakes, but
they are in existence, and so long as they are
there the honor of the nation requires that we
comply with them. Nor have we, Mr. Presi-
dent, in many of these treaties made very bad
bargains a tier all. Whether the Indians have
a legal title to the vast domains over which
they roam or not is not the question. I think
the Supreme Court of the United States has
decided over and over again that the Indians
have a title by occupancy, and that the Con-
gress of the United States, from the organiza-
tion of the Government down to this time,
havedeclared the policy of the Government to
be that we will get rid of that title by occupancy
by the means we have adopted, namely, trea-
ties. It may have been a mistake, as I say;
but we have have adopted it; it has been our
policy, and we are in honor now bound to carry
it out until we devise some other way. It will
not do merely to say that we are appropriating
$5,000,000 to buy peace with these men. We
are appropriating nearly all that money to pay
for land which we have bought of these men—
hundreds of millions of acres, thousands and
tens of thousands of square miles, upon which
our cities and our thriving populations of the
West are now building up the wealth of this
country, enabling us to pay the interest on
our public debt, and to carry it safely through
the expensive war through which we have
passed.
The Senator refers to a time a few years
ago—1850, I believe—when our Indian ex-
penses were so much less than they are to-day.
That is true ; but if. the Senator will bear in
mind the difference in circamstances existing
between now and then, I think he will find
some explanation of this great difference in
our expenditures. Since I860, to what extent
has the civilization of this great nation of ours
extended over the West? Since then, I think
I am safe in saying, without goinginto any com-
putation (for which I have not the time) as to
the amounts of land or extent of territory, that
we have covered by the civilization of this
country a territory, then occupied by Indians,
vastly larger than the entire thirteen original
States when we achieved our independence.
The settlers, the white citizens of Ohio and
New England and New York, have pushed off
into these western wilds, and they nave come
in contact with the Indian, and the civiliza-
tion of the age has been in conflict with its
barbarism ; and hence the necessity for these
expenditures which have fallen upon ns.
The Senator points with some pride to the
fact that the management of Indian affairs by
the British Government in her western posses-
sions has been more successful than ours. I
am free to admit that so far as the manage-
ment. of Indians by the Hudson Bay Company
is concerned in all that vast region west of
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 28.
Lake Superior, they have succeeded far better
than we have in keeping peace with the In-
dians ; and why has it been so ? Our civiliza-
tion when it rolls out upon those vast plains is
for the purpose of building up farms and cities
and opening railroads and developing the
wealth of the uation, which drives off the game
and prevents the Indian from pursuing those
pursuits on which he has depended for a liveli-
hood. How was it with the Canadians and
the Hudson Bay Company? When they went
into those regions in the West they fell in with
the pursuits of the Indiana. It was to the in-
terest of the Hudson Bay Company and of the
Canadians stationed there to encourage the
Indians to hunt, to increase the amount of
game, to furnish the Indians with guns and
ammunition; and they paid them money for
the skins which they brought in. The Hudson
Bay Company and the Canadians in that part
of the continent who kept peace with the In-
dians simply fell in with the Indian habits of
life, with their pursuits, helped them to do the
very thing they want to do. When our civiliza-
tion goes upon the plains the buffalo disap-
pears, their game is scattered, railroads, cities,
and farms take their places ; and consequently
there is a conflict between us and them, whereas
there could be none between the Hudson Bay
Company and the Indians through that region
of country over which they settled. I say, then,
it is not fair to compare our treatment of the
Indians with theirs, for it is an entirely differ-
ent sort of civilization we carry.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will allow
me to interrupt him. I was not alluding to
the Hudson Bay Company's treatment of the
Indians. I entirely concur with what he says
in regard to that matter, and the reasons he
has given are perfectly valid. What I was
speaking of was where the whites are settled
in Canada proper, and there it has been said,
with how much truth I cannot answer at this
moment, that for now more than a century, or
for nearly a century, there has been no such
thing as an Indian war in Canada proper.
Mr. WINDOM. I think that the Indians
who inhabited that region of country were a
very different class of Indians from those with
whom we have had to deal.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from
Minnesota allow me to make a remark right
there?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. It is true that there have
been no Indian wars in Canada within perhaps
one hundred and twenty-five years, although
the Indians have been gradually recediug and
giving up their territories to occupation. What
is the reason of it? Because from the first in
Canada there has been pursued a different
policy from what we have pursued; there has
not been that aggressive policy. The rights
of the Indians have been regarded there.
They have been kindly treated; they have
been recognized as having rights. In other
other words, the Indian policy in Canada has
been what the policy of William Penn was in
Pennsylvania. It has been a kind and an
honest policy; the Indians have been dealt with
as human beings and as having rights, and
their rights have been regarded, treaties made
with them have been observed; and I think
that the policy we are now entering on of so
treating our Indians is going back to true
principles.
One word further, Mr. President. I listened
with interest to the remarks of the Senator
from Ohio; I heard his arguments; but the
Senator, it seemed to me, did not recognize
the necessary conclusions to his arguments;
he rather denied that conclusion. The inev-
itable conclusion to his arguments, if they be
sound, is that we should exterminate the
Indians. His arguments mean that or they
mean nothing.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator from Indiana
has saved me the necessity of saying some
things that I intended to say on that point,
and he has said them very much better than I
could. I was intending to refer in a moment
to the theory which the Senator from Ohio
seems to have adopted for extermination, and
to say that it did occur to me that the ex-
perience to which he alluded in the outset of
his remarks in the killing of the one Indian at
a cost of $6,000,000 was not a very strong
argument in favor of the theory of extermin-
ation. I would submit to the Senator from
Ohio a single proposition in the rule of three.
If it requires $6,000,000 to kill one Indian, and
then there is a question whether the Indian is
not living yet, how many dollars would it re-
quire to kill two hundred thousand on his
theory of extermination ? It is a question
perhaps the Senate might be able to discuss
at length and show that it would be a financial
saving to the Government; but I think our
present bill is more economical than that.
But, Mr. President, I rose more for the
purpose of pointing in a few words to the rea-
son why our Indian bills have grown so rapidly
within the last four or five years, as referred
to by the Senator from Ohio. Since and
including the year 1866 we have made seven-
teen treaties with Indian tribes, and we are
required to pay the moneys provided for in
those treaties. I will mention some of the
principal tribes with whom we have made
those treaties : with the Navajoes, numbering
8,234, June 1, 1868; with the Tabequache,
and other bands, numbering 3,870, March 2,
1868; with the Sissetons and Wahpetons,
numbering 730, in 1867 ; with other bands of
the same nation, February 19, 1867, number-
ing 1,426. I will pass over a number of the
smaller ones and come to the Gros Ventres
and other tribes, numbering 3,690, treaties
of July 13th and 15th, and Sept ember 1, 1868 ;
with the Mountain Crows, numbering 2,700,
May 7, 1868 ; with the eastern bands of Sho-
shones and Bannocks, numbering 2,000, July
3, 1868 ; with the Arapahoes and Cheyennes,
numbering 3,390, in 1869; with the Sacs and
Foxes of the Mississippi, numbering 468, in
1867; with the Kiowas, Comanches, and
Apaches, numbering 5,372, October 21,1867 ;
with the Red Lake and Pembina bands of
Chippewas, numbering 1,596, in 1867 ; and
so on, making in all some seventeen treaties
made since and including that year, and the
increase in the bills since 1867 is less than
$2,000,000, including all those treaties which
have been made since that time. In 1867 the
amount appropriated was $4,642,539, and by
this bill it is $5,434,065.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Will he tell me how
much those seventeen treaties require, what
annual appropriation ?
Mr. WINDOM. I have not made the cal-
culation separately. I can furnish the Senator
the information, but I have it not now before
me.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe it is under a
million of dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
state in this connection the amount of terri-
tory the possession of which was remitted to
the Government by those treaties ?
Mr. WINDOM. It will be impossible to
tell, I think, but it is a very large proportion
of the western half of this continent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is what I
wished to get at.
Mr. WINDOM. The areas given in the
table before me are the areas in acres on
which they have agreed to go, their reserva-
tions ; but by these treaties they ceded all the
vast territory over which they had the roam-
ing title of occupancy, which I am not able to
compute, but many hundreds of millions acres
I have no doubt. I do not care to take up
the time of the Senate further.
Mr. HARLAN. In pursuance of the notice
given yesterday, I offer the following amend-
