431
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
rnent, to come in among the miscellaneous
items :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be expended under the direction ot the
Secretary of the Interior, in establishing the Pi-Ute
Lu lians in southern Nevada, eastern California,
southern 1'tah. and northwestern Arizona, upon a
resen ation in Muddy Valley, Nevada; in instruct"
irj the Indians so established in agricultural and
luech inie.il pursuits; in providing employes, edu-
cating ehildren, procuring medicine and medical
a: tendance, care tor and support of the aged, sick,
infirm, and helpless orphans of said Indians, and in
other respect to promote their comfort, civilization,
and improvement, SliS.OOO.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the amount tound by him to be due to settlers
upon the reservation established iu Muddy Valley,
Nevada, for the I'i-L'te Indians, for improvements
made by said settlers prior to the date of the passage
of this act, $10,000.
Mr. COLE. I do not think it isquite advis-
able to establish a new reservation in the
State of Nevada. Therearesome reservations
there now. There is certainly the Pyramid
Lake reservation, of considerable extent, and
it seems to me it would be far better to locate
these Indians upon that, or some other reser-
vation already established in Nevada. I think
we have now too many of these Indian reser-
vations, little patches scattered all through the
western States and Territories. We are by
degrees eliminating them, breaking up one
and another, and I think we ought not to vio-
late that policy by now establishing a new one
which we shall be called upon to abandon in
a short time. I think we ought not to do this.
It is rather a new proposition brought forward,
as I believe, by the person who has had charge
of some of these Indians down there, and all
the information we have upon it comes from
one person, who it may be is a very worthy
person. I do not know him. I doubt not his
belief may accord with the provisions of the
amendment, but it may be also that he is a
littie enthusiastic on the subject. I think we
ought not to vote this $35,000 for this purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. The reservation has al-
ready been made. This does not contemplate
establishing any new reservation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I will occupy two or three
minutes in explaining this proposition. It is
a provision intended for the Pi-Ute Indians.
There are in all of these Indians from four to
six thousand. They occupy Utah and part of
Nevada. Fifteen hundred of them have gone
over into the northern part of Arizona. The
military authorities there are very anxious that
thosa should be thrown back to their old terri-
tory. They say that when down south they
unite with the hostile Apaches and other bad
Indians in that region, and give a great deal
of trouble. It is believed by the Indian de-
partment that with a small appropriation they
can be located in this valley with their breth-
ren, nome of whom are still roaming over the
Territory of Utah and the southeastern part j
of Nevada. A part of them are now on this i
reservation, as I understand, and the intention |
is to put them to work there. The climate |
and the soil are suitable to the production of j
cotton, as has been thoroughly tested. These '
Indians, as the Senators from Nevada know, j
are not averse to working when they see some
prospect of return for their labor.
I may state also that there have been ditches
for irrigation in that valley which have cost j
a Mormon settlement some seventy-five or a
hundred thousand dollars, which they are per-
fectly willing to turn over to these Indians,
they having abandoned the valley on account
of the line between the two Territories having
cut off that valley from the Territory of Utah.
There is no small appropriation in the bill
that will avail as much, in my opinion, in car-
rying out what is called the peace policy of
the country as this small appropriation. It is
recommended by the agent and also recom-
mended by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
by the acting Secretary of the Interior, and
' by the commander of the troops in Arizona
Territory.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the amendmeut be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Harlan.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that amendment from a
committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I will withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays. I do not wish to
waste the time of the Senate. I made the call
because so many Senators seemed to be
occupied in another way. The attention of
Senators having been called to the subject, I
-withdraw the demand for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the question on the amendment by a
division.
The question being put, the ayes were nine-
teen 
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment for the purpose of
getting a little further information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator insist on the yeas and nays ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, I want to make
a little inquiry about this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the estab-
lishment of another Indian reservation is of
very serious consequence to the people of
j Nevada 
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator's
attention seemed to have been absorbed with
some other matter when I made a few remarks
on this subject, in which I stated that I under-
stand from the Department that this reserva-
tion has been established by a regular order
under a general law, so that this is not really
establishing a reservation. It exists already.
Mr. STEWART. I say it is a matter of
very serions consequence. Now, I do not pro-
pose to make opposition to what the Depart-
ment want to do. I think, however, that
there is a misapprehension with regard to what
can be done with the Indians in Nevada by
confounding them with the Indians in other
parts of the country. The Indians of Nevada
are willing to work. As a general rule I do i
not believe that any barbarians take to work 1
very naturally, but there is something peculiar
about the Indian that disinclines him to labor
more than any other barbarian that I know of.
The Indians of Mexico labored ; we found on
the acquisition of California large numbers 1
of them, half-breeds and others, engaged in
labor. I am told that the Indians under the
management of the Hudson Bay Company did
a great deal of labor. The Indians of Nevada
are willing to labor if they can have employ-
ment, as well as semi-barbarians could be
expected to be. They do as well,.they have
done as well as could be expected, indeed
better than I expected, whenever they have
had an opportunity. That they want some as-
sistance, that some assistance would be of use
to them to give them that opportunity to labor
and take care of themselves, I am free to admit.
I am anxious that that assistance shotild be
rendered. But notwithstanding that is my
impression, I believe that the reason why the
Indians of Nevada are better than other In-
dians is because we have not had appropria-
tions of public money for their support. It
is admitted by those who have examined the
question and by Indian agents who have been
there, that these Indians are an exception to
Indians generally. They have found employ-
ment among the farmers and rancheros.
They have been generally kindly treated, and
they are really better disposed than other
Indians, and I believe it is for the reason that
they have not been huddled together on reser-
vations and fed there at the public expense.
Here is a proposition to establish another
reservation. I do not believe it will be a
success. I have often said that if we had a
few places in a State where the General Gov-
ernment made appropriations to farmers to
enable them to employ the Indians, if that
system could be honestly carried out, it would
be an advantage.
If this amendment is to be adopted I desire
to amend it a little. In the first place, I want
to know the extent of the reservation, because
in the southern part of our Slate are the only
productive valleyB in that* part of the country,
in a mineral region a productive valley where
vegetables can be raised for the miners is a
matter of great importance, and it ought not
to be monopolized and used for any other
purpose unless in a case of necessity. I should
like to know the extent of the reservation, and
I wish to propose an amendment, that the res-
ervation shall not exceed a certain limit up
and down the valley, say five or ten miles,
which would be ample. Then I'should like to
have some regulations as to the buying up of
the claims ofsettlers. The amendment reads :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the amount found by him due to settlers on the
reservation established in Muddy valley, Nevada,
for the Pi-Ute Indians, for improvements made by
said settlers prior to the date of the passage of this
act, $10,000.
I would rather take land that is not occu-
pied by settlers. If this valley is now occupied
by settlers, why disturb the settlers? I would not
wantto buy out the settlers. It would be almost
impossible for the Secretary of the Interior to
carry out such an arrangement, because he
would not know what the claims were.
Mr. HARLAN. If that will cure the mat-
ter I am willing to have that part of the amend-
ment stricken out entirely. I will strike out
the $10,000 for the claims of the settlers.
Mr. STEWART. And then limit the reser-
vation in this way:
Provided, That the reservation shall not exceed
ten miles.
Mr. HARLAN. It has been already estab-
lished, and I would not be willing to interfere
with it without knowing what the facts are.
Mr. STEWART. Can they need more than
a reservation ten miles long, up and down the
valley ? I heard it suggested that they were
going to have a twenty-mile reservation. That
would be monopolizing too much of that por-
tion of the country, probably the only place
where vegetables can be raised for one hundred
miles.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator will
pardon me; as that question is not involved
in this amendment in any way whatever, I do
not see how I can make any agreement on
that question.
Mr. STEWART. Congress has power to
limit the reservation. The reservation has
not been established by us. Certainly it is a
very new thing. There was no reservation
established there when I was talking with the
Commissioner the other day, but I understand
that he proposes to make a reservation. I
think we ought to limit the extent of it. I
understood it would be twenty miles up and
down the valley. I think that would be too
much. Strike out the last item and say that
it shall not be more than ten miles up and
down the valley, leaving the residue for settle-
ment, and I will agree to the proposition. As
I understand, this valley is two or three miles
wide and ten miles long, making an elegant
farm, more than they will ever get the Indians
to cultivate, I am certain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Nevada state his proposed amend-
ment?
Mr. STEWART. My amendment is to in-
sert the words:
Provided, That the reservation established shall
not exceed ten miles in legth up and down along the
Muddy Valley and shall notinterfere with thorik'btn
of settlers.
