1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Min-
nesota has called my attention to the treaties
of 1867 and 1868, the'execution of which he
has informed us so much increases the ex-
penses of the Indian department. That led
me to look a little ints one of these treaties
and into a provision of this bill, which, I must
confess, strikes me as very singular.
I thought it was not probable that the execu-
tion ofthose treaties augmented the annual ex-
penses of the Government a million dollars,
and suggested that perhaps it did not. The
Senator was unable to answer, not having
figured it up, but the Senator from Maine said
that they did increase theexpenses much more
than a million. Well, sir, I am inclined to
think that if there are many appropriations in
the bill such as that to which I am going to
call attention, the Senator from Maine is quite
right. Let us see: I ask attention to the ap-
propriation made on page 55 of the bill, lines
thirteen hundred and thirty-seven to thirteen
hundred and forty-two. By the tenth article
of the treaty with the Sioux Indians, of April
29, 1868, it is among other things provided,
after having been provided in a previous part
of the treaty, that the Sioux should go upon
a certain reservation adjoining the State of
Nebraska and lying immediately north of it:
"And it is hereby expressly stipulated that each
Indian over the age of four years who shall have
removed to and settled permanently upon said res-
ervation, and complied with the stipulations of this
treaty, shall be entitled to receive from the United
States, tor the period of four years after he shall
have been settled upon said reservation, one pound
of beef and one pound of flour per day: Provided,
The Indians cannot furnish their own subsistence at
an earlier date."
There is a provision in that treaty that every
Indian over four years of age shall have daily
one peund of meat and one pound of flour
furnished by the United States for the term of
four years from the date of the treaty. Now
what do you propose as the appropriation to
carry out that stipulation ? I will read it:
For last of four installments, for purchase of
seventy-three hundred thousand pounds of beef, and
the same quantity of flour, for twenty thousand per-
sons, under tenth article treaty of April 29, 1868,
and forsabsistenec of\ankton Sioux,$1,314,000.
Well, sir, if you will take your pencil and
cipher that out, you will find it makes that
beef cost eighteen cents a pound, unless there
is something covered under this for the sup-
port of the Yankton Sioux that I do not know
anything about. This beef costs eighteen cents
a pound right on the borders of the State of
Nebraska, where I venture to say better beef i
cattle than we eat here in the city of Washing-
ton can be bought at $4 50 a hundred. What
says the Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Hitch-
cock] to that? He nods his head. That is 1
it, sir; where you can buy the cattle, where I
have seen thousands upon thousands of them j
within three or four days' drive of this very
reservation that the holders would be glad to
sell at three cents a pound, we appropriate 1
here to buy them at a cost of eighteen cents a
pound! I do not suppose they are going to
feed these Indians with anything short of sir-
loin beef and porter-house steaks. [Laugh-
ter.] Think of eighteen cents a pound for
beef out there on the borders of the State of
Nebraska! There may be some explanation
of this, but that is the way it stands in the ]
bill. The item is to buy seventy-three hun- '
dred thousand pounds of beef, and the appro-
priation for it is $1,314,000. j
Mr. HARLAN. Does it not include flour ;
also ? :
Mr. THURMAN. It does not say a word
about flour.
Mr. WINDOM. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I misread it or it does. It reads:
For last of four installments, for purchase of
seventy-three hundred thousand pounds of beef,
end the same quantity of flour, for twenty thou-
sand persons, &c.
Mr. THURMAN. Well it does, it is true.
[Laughter.] I had overlooked that. Then
the beef costs, I suppose, nine cents a pound, I
which is twice what it ought to cost, and the
flour costs nine cents a pound too. That is a
very extraordinary kind of thing. That shows
how the money goes—nine cents a pound for
beef out there, and nine cents a pound for
flour for every Indian of four years of age, and
upward, and it is assumed that there are
twenty thousand of them on that reservation.
Now, I put it to my friend if there are twenty
thousand of these Sioux Indians on that res-
ervation north of the Platte. Will the Senator
from Nebraska answer whether there are any
twenty thousand Indians on that reservation,
permanently settled there, right north of the
State of Nebraska?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. They are esti-
mated at twenty thousand.
Mr. THURMAN. We estimate them at
twenty thousand when there are not ten thou-
sand of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Stewart] to the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, as amended.
The amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the
Committee on Indiaa Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment as a new section :
That there shall be set apart from the funds be-
longing to the Cherokee nation, on the proper order
of the national council, the sum of $100,000 from
the proceeds of lands sold to the Osages, to be set
apart, and $80,000 thereof to be invested as a part
of the orphan fund, and $20,000 to be expended for
buildings and other improvements deemed neces-
sary for the benefit of the institution for theorphans;
the sum of $100,000 from the proceeds of the strip
of land in Kansas to be set apart for an asylum for
the insane, deaf and dumb and blind indigent per-
sons of the Cherokee nation, $75,000 of said amount
to be invested as a separate fund and its interest
semi-annually applied to the support of said insti-
tution. the remaining 825,000 to be expended for its
establishment. The sum of $75,000 from the pro-
ceeds of the sale of lands to the Great and Little
Osages, to be expended for the establishment of a
literary institution for the education of indigent
persons of said nation under such rules and regula-
tions as the national council of the Cherokees may
prescribe.
This provision requires a diversion of cer-
tain funds for the purposes stated, which is
recommended by the acting Secretary of the
Interior, based upon the action of the na-
tional Cherokee council, represented by the
commission who have been here and who pre-
sented this case. If the acting chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations desires to
hear the report read, I will ask to have it
read for explanation.
Mr. WINDOM. I know nothing about the
proposition. It has not been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CORBETT. It is no appropriation,
but simply designates how this fund belonging
to the Cherokee nation shall be used.
Mr. WINDOM. I presume the amendment
is in order, but 1 think it had better be in a
separate bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to offer it. I
ask the Clerk to read the report referred to,
being Senate Miscellaneous Document No. 16
of the present session.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Intkrior,
Washington, D. C., December 17,1872.
Sib : I have the honor to transmit herewith a
copy of a report dated the 14th instant, from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, upon the subject of
a communication to hira from the principal chief
and delegates of the Cherokee nation—copy also
inclosed dated the 12th instant—in which they ask
for a different application of a portion of the funds
due or that may accrue to the nation from the sale
of their lands by the United States than is provided
by the twenty-third article of the treaty with the
Cherokee Indians of July 19, 1866, (Statutes, vol. 14,
p. 805.)
The request of the Cherokees is fully set forth in
their letter and that of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, herewith presented; and concurring with
that officer in the opinion that the interests of the
Cherokees as a nation, and their future prosperity,
will be promoted by the arrangement proposed, I
commend the subject to the favorable considera-
tion of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. R. COWEN, Acting Secretary.
Hon. James Harlan, Chairman Committee on Indian
Affa irs. Senate of the United States.
Department op the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C„ December 14,1872.
Sir : By the twenty-third article of the treaty with
the Cherokee Indians of July 19,1866, (Statutes, vol.
14. p. 805,) it is provided that all funds duo the na-
tion, or that may hereafter accrue from the sale of
their lands by the Uuited States, shall be paid semi-
annually on the order of the Cherokee nation, and
to be applied as.follows: thirty-five per cent, for the
support of common schools and for educational pur-
poses generally, fifteen per cent, for the orphan
fund, and fifty per cent, for general purposes, in-
cluding reasonable salaries of district officers.
I have now the honor to present a copy of a com-
munication from the principal chief and delegates
of the Cherokee nation, dated " Washington, D. C.,
December 12,1872," in which they ask for a differ-
, ent application of a portion of the funds above
1 referred to, as follows f
1. The sum of $100,000, from the proceeds of lands
sold to the Osages, to be set apart, and $80,000 thereof
to be invested as part of the orphan fund, and
$20,000 to be expended for buildings and other im-
provements deemed necessary for the benefit of the
institution for the orphans.
2. The sum of $100,000, from the proceeds of the
strip of land in Kansas, to be set apart for an asylum
for the insane, deaf and dumb, blind, and indigent
persons of the Cherokee nation; $75,000 of said
amount to be invested as a separate fund, and its
interest semi-annually applied to the support of said
institution; the remaining $25,000 to be expended
for its establishment.
3. The sum of $75,000, from theproceeds of the sale
of lands to the Great and Little Osages, to be ex-
pended for the establishment of a literary institu-
I tion for the education of indigent persons of said
! nation, under such rules and regulations as the
national council of the Cherokees may prescribe.
It is suggested by the principal chief and the Chero-
! kee delegation that a clause be inserted in the Indian
I appropriation act for next fiscal year, authorizing
' the disposal of $275,000 of the funds referred to in the
twenty-third article of the treaty of 1866 intheman-
ner herein designated, the balance of said fund to
I he applied exclusively for the purposes contemplated
by the treaty.
Believing, as I do, that the interest of the Chero-
kees as a nation, and the future welfare and pros-
j perity of the masses of their people, will be mate-
\ rially promoted by the proposed arrangement, I
respectfully request that the matter be submitted to
Congress for its favorable consideration and action,
i Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
| K. A. WALKEE, Commissioner.
\ Hon. Secretary of the Interior.
Washington City, D. C.,
December 12,1872.
Sir: The Cherokee national legislature at its
recent session, in its instructions to us, provided for
a different application of a portion of the funds aris-
ing under the acts of Congress for the sale of certain
lands to the Qreat and Little Osage nations and of
our strip in Kansas. The following are th^ propo-
sitions :
1. That the sum of $100,000 be set apart from the
proceeds of the land sold to the Osages; $80,000 of
the same to be invested as part of the orphan fund,
and $20,000 to be expended for buildings and other
improvements as may be necessary for the institu-
tion, under such regulations as the council of the
Cherokee nation may direct.
2. That the sum of $100,000 be set apart for an in-
stitution, in the Cherokee nation, for the blind,
insane, deaf and dumb, indigent persons of the
Cherokee nation; $76,000 of this amount to be in-
j vested as a separate fund, and its interest semi-an-
nually applied to its support; and that the sum of
i $25,000be expended to establish the institution, under
such rules and regulations as the Cheiokee national
council may direct, and that the sum of $100,000 be
taken from the proceeds of the sale of the strip of
land in Kansas.
3. That there be set apart, from the proceeds of the
sale of land to the Great and Little Osages. the sum
of $75,000, to be expended for the establishment of a
literary institution for the education of indigent
persons of the Cherokee nation, under such rules
and regulations as the national oouncil of the
Cherokee nation may prescribe.
The entire amount thus to the invested and ap-
plied is $275,000. All remaining amounts of the two
funds, or the moneys arising from the sale of the
two tracts of land referred to, to be invested as pre-
scribed in article twenty-three of the treaty of 186b.
11 The diversions to which this communication is de-
voted are directed by our national legislature, and
are, we believe, wise and just, and will commend
themselves to your judgment. .
What we ask of you is that you unite with the
Secretary in urging and recommending an amend-
ment to the Indian appropriation bill that will
I authorize this change of direction of this part of
