1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
America and Japan—Mr. Packard,
Ho. of Reps.
E
the completion of the monument. The only expenses
and expenditures since, have been SI 50 per diem for
watchman at Monument place, a messenger for
society office, at four dollar per month, and neces-
sary fuel and stationery for use of office, and repairs
on lapidarium, &c.
" The sum of 811,005 has been invested by the
Treasurer in United States and corporation of Wash-
ington bonds and stock, and there is a balance of
cash on hand of about $1,500. The only receipts for
"ears past have been from boxes at Smithsonian and
atent Office and contributions from visitors at
Monument place, on an average about $500 per
annum, and twenty dollars yearly for rent of lot.
These, added to the interest on the securities above
mentioned, make up the resources and osssets of the
society."
Appended to the report made by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia at the
last session will be found, in exhibit C, a com-
plete financial statement of receipts and dis-
bursements since the organization of the
society. An examination of this, together
with the fact as stated by Mr. Brent in the
letter to which I have referred, clears away all
doubt as to the financial management of the
society. The charge has sometimes been
made that the collections are now quite large
annually, and that they are being disbursed in
the payment of sinecures, but it will be seen
that the charge is without foundation. The
society has but about $13,000, over $11,000
of which are invested in interest-paying securi-
ties. Upon this subject, I beg to read from
the report of the select committee of thirteen,
made to the House in 1855, as follows:
"The funds were to be collected in all parts of the
United States, and agents, as competent and as
faithful as could be found, were appointed, after
giving bond for the-performance of their duties.
" These agents were sentto all parts of the country,
and contributions were commenced and continued
by the subscription of one dollar for each person,
tthis plan was adopted in order that all might have
the opportunity to contribute.
" In the appointment of these agents a careful
scrutiny was exercised by the society, and undoubted
recommendations of both.-character and capacity
were in every case required; and though an opinion
may prevail in some parts of the country to the con-
trary, your committee are satisfied that these agents
generally proved to be worthy of the confidence
reposed in thera.
" Of the large number employed but two of them
failed to account for the money collected, and legal
measures resorted to promptly by the society against
their bonds have, in one of these instances, obtained
the full amount of the liability.
" It may well be questioned if any sooiety execut-
ing a plan for collecting money so extensively has
met with equal success in justifying the integrity of
its agents, and it is pleasing to state that not one
cent of the funds received by this society has at any
time been lost by investments or otherwise."
In speaking of these contributions, and the
sources from which they come, this committee
made some further remarks, which I beg also
to read:
"Each State and two of the Territories of the
Union have contributed a block of marble or stone,
inscribed with its arms or some suitable device, ana
a great many others have been offered by various
institutions and societies throughout the land; and
several foreign Governments have testified their
desire to unite in this great work of humanity, in-
tended to commemorate theVirtues of its chief orna-
ment and example. The boundaries of Christendom
do not limit his fame, which reaches to the remotest
parts of the earth, and the most distant and isolated
nations have testified their veneration toward his
memory. Switzerland, Kome, Bremen, Turkey,
Greece, China, and Japan have piously united to
pay their homage to our Washington. Such tributes
are our highest trophies. The history of mankind
affords no parallel to this.
"We feel bound, in this place, especially to com-
mend the zeal and liberality of the Masonic societies,
the order of Odd Fellows, the various fire com-
panies, and the touching contributions of the chil-
dren of the schools of the country, all regularly
dedicating their affectionate tributes. And the
Cherokee and Chickasaw nations of Indians also
deserve to be honored for their very liberal dona-
tions of money; commemorating also in this, the
eloquent sentiment of the great chief, Cornplanter,
delivered to Washington in 1791: "The voice of the
Seneca nation speaks to you, the great Councilor,
in whose heart the wise men of all the thirteen fires
have placed their wisdom.'"
Mr. Speaker, I have discharged the duty
which I promised .to perform, namely, that of
presenting to the House, in compact form, the
important facts connected with the organiza-
tion of the Washington Monument Associa-
tion, and the progress of that association in
the construction of the monument. The bill
which I had the honor to introduce, and in
support of which I am now addressing the
House, appropriates $200,000 toward the com-
pletion of the monument upon its present
plan. The appropriation is made conditional
upon a sufficient sum being raised or pledged
from other sources to complete the work. I
think this appropriation should be made without
any condition whatever attached to its payment
except a faithful disbursement of the money in
execution of the original design. This action by
Congress would challenge the attention of the
public everywhere, and would revive that feel-
ing which, had it not been interrupted by
unforeseen circumstances, would long since
have found expression in a substantial form ;
and instead of the unfinished monument to
Washington, now a national disgrace, there
would stand in our capital the most splendid
column which has been erected on this globe.
Do you need the spur of example to stimu-
late you into the discharge of this high duty ?
Go to any country on the earth, civilized or
uncivilized, and there be rebuked for your long
neglect. AH countries and all peoples com-
memorate the virtues of their chieftains by
monuments to their memory.
Do you fear the disapprobation of the people ?
Let it not be known to them ; swift and certain
would be your condemnation. Effigies of
Washington are to be found in every home in
our land ; his memory to all of us is the one
bright thing in our history undimmed; a pop-
ular vote would overwhelm any man who
would oppose the completion of Washington's
monument.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot conceive a deeper
degradation to which public sentiment could be
consigned than indifference upon this subject.
The heart of the nation needs only to be
awakened and it will respond generously,
patriotically, nobly. And why may not
Congress, as the crystallized public senti-
ment of the country, step forward and crown
the splendor of our approaching centennial
by completing a monument which Congress in
its representative capacity undertook to erect
over seventy years ago ? The applause of a
grateful people awaits the nation's representa-
tives who shall discharge this sacred duty.
America and Japan.
SPEECH OF HON. J. PACKARD,
of indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
February 18, 1873,  
On the bill to establish telegraphic communication
between the United States, China, and Japan.
Mr. PACKARD. The bill now before the
House is one of no ordinary importance, de-
signed as it is, to connect and complete the
submarine- telegraph system of the world.
Great Britain and Prance are united to Amer-
ica by wires across the Atlantic ; and Great
Britain and the nations of the Continent are
connected also, with Africa and Asia. In the
electric chain which well nigh girdles the
world, the missing link is the Pacific Ocean.
It is fitting that the United States should make
the chain complete ; and by means of the ac-
tion now contemplated, we are merely to say
that the enterprise of our own citizens shall
accomplish this grand result. There are no
submarine cables that can be called American,
but if we grant the America, Japan, and
China Telegraph Company—a company incor-
porated by the State of New York—the limited
privileges authorized by this bill, we shall
speedily have the reproach taken from us, and
shall lead the world in the length of submarine
cable lines, as we did in the establishment of
the first great land lines.
No. one candoubt the desirability of such a.
work as this. That which brings nations
nearer together, which creates wants, and
enables them to supply these wants to them-
selves and to each other, is the grandest civil-
izer of mankind. Such an instrument is the
telegraph when it connects one people with
another.^ The telegraph has grown to .be the
handmaiden of commerce by sea as well as
by land.
In the establishment of commercial relations
with the Orientals, the submarine cable must be
a potent auxiliary. Our geographical position
makes it to us of the highest importance, as
it will give us a footing in the eastern world
impossible without it, and more intimate and
secure than any othernation. More than half
the population of the world, perhaps I might
say more than half its wealth, also is to-day in
these eastern lands which are now opening
their arms to us with heartier good-will than
they exhibit toward any other people. The
telegraph will open to us this long-closed
treasure-house of the world. I may be" per-
mitted to cite here the language of Signor
Celso Caesar Moreno, a gentleman who has
traveled extensively during the last ten years
in Japan and China, of Italian birth, but de-
voted to American interests, and who brings
to long study and observation an intelligent
appreciation of the advantages to accrue to
the United States from this connection of the
youngest with the oldest of nations. No man
understands the Chinese better than he does,
having conversed with them for years in their
native tongue; and I ask the House to mark
well his language. He says:
"Every one, from the highest mandarin to tho
lowest shopkeeper, will lay aside their superstitions
and prejudices, and will make use of the telegraph,
and travel by railway, as they have done with the
steamers. At the present day, nearly two thirds oi
the steamers in China are owned by the Chinese.
There is no lack of money in China. I have seen
with my own eyes vast sums of money, both in gold
and silver, hoarded for years without use, waiting
for investment. Nearly all the Mexican and Spanish
pillar dollars, as well as the East India rupees, have
found their way into China and Japan. By means
of the modern innovations, of which the telegraph
is foremost, we can withdraw them again. Com-
merce has tried, but has not succecded, as there
exists the traditional custom of exchanging; the
Chinaman for whatever he buys from foreigners
fives in return products of his native soil: if tho
alance is against us he wants our money; but the
plan proposed will turn the tide.
"The Chinaman who would have to go from one
town to another could not go to the station and pro-
cure a passage-ticket by offering in payment a few
pounds of tea, or a few pounds of silk, or an animal's
skin, or a pioce of rhubarb, or ivory-work, but will
have to bring his silver or gold. In the same man-
ner he must do for sending a telegraphic message,
or taking passage on board of steamboats: conse-
quently the countless millions that for centuries
went and remained in possession of the Chinese will
hereafter take their way across the Pacific to the
United States."
The foreign trade of the seaports of China
now open to the world, amounts to $1,600,-
000,000 per annum. The population of China
numbers 414,000,000. If each one of them
shall buy one dollars' worth of our products
we more than double our commerce. A
grander stream of wealth may flow to us from
those countries than has ever reached England
from her east Indian possessions; not by
bloody war, but by the arts and inventions of
peace.
A great field for American enterprise is also
opening in Japan. Her people seek American
alliances and American ideas. They are send-
ing their youth here to be educated, and they
are asking us to send them intelligent men
to assist them to a new departure in govern-
mental and social science. They have aroused
from the sleep of centuries, and are moving
onward with the stride of a giant. They are
building bridges, making roads, encouraging
navigation, studying agriculture, adopting new
systems of finance, building mills, employing
improved .machinery, developing a public
school educational system, and prosecuting
with wonderful vigor and effectiveness all the
arts of peace. Years ago we learned; West-
