436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
our funds, as this mode seems more easy of access
than any amended treaty.
We desire to remain, with respect, your obedient
servants,
WILLIAM P. ROSS.
Principal Chief.
W.P.ADAIR,
J. VANN.
Cherokee Delegation.
Hon. Francis A. Walker,
Commin&ioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senator from
Oregon whether he has given one day's notice,
as required by the rule, before offering this
amendment?
Mr. CORBETT. This is not an appropri-
ation. It is an amendment simply changingthe
funds, designating for what purpose the funds
belonging to these Indians now to their credit
on the books of the Department shall be used.
Mr. WINDOM. It does not come within
the rule, then ?
Mr. HARLAN. It is to enable them to use
their own money in a different way from that
heretofore provided for.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know that I have
any objection to the amendment, but I would
prefer it should come in on the miscellaneous
bill when we have time to examine it.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it had better come
in on tliis bill. It relates to Indian affairs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as a new section, which takes
nothing out of the Treasury, I will say to the
honorable Senator from Minnesota.
That the proceeds of the sales of lands belonging
to the Kickapoo Indians, in the State of Kansas, in
pursuance of the fifth article of the treaty of May
28, A. D. 1863, now invested or in the custody of the
Secretary of the Interior or Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, shall be retained by the Secretary of the
Interior as a permanent trust fund, on which shall
be paid to said Indians, semi-annually, interest at
the rate of six per cent, per annum: Provided, That
the consent of said Indians shall first be given to
the foregoing provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section:
That each Indian agency shall be visited and
examined as often as once in six months by an offi-
cer of the Army to be detailed by the President of
the United States, but no officer shall be detailed
for the same agency more than once a year. It shall
be the duty of the officer so detailed to visit and
examine into the arrangement and condition of the
agency, and the Indian reservations connected there-
with, for which he shall have been detailed, and to
investigate and report to the President how the
business of such reservation is conducted, how the
money appropriated by the United States has been
and is to be expended, how the Indians are treated,
and whaT progress they are making in civilization;
and for*that purpose such officer shall have power
to call for and examine all books, vouchers, and
papers connected with the agency; and he shall also
have power to administer oaths and to examine on
oath superintendents, agents, and all persons con-
nected with the agency, and such other persons as
he may deem necessary and proper.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I shall vote for
this amendment if it be modified slightly.
There is an objection to putting the officers of
one Department under the virtual supervision
of the officers of another Department. It
would be no more incongruous to require the
President to send officers of the Army to ex-
amine the books and accounts of the internal
revenue officers and custom-house officers;
but still this is not a serious objection. I
think there ought to be something said in re-
lation to the grade of the officers. If the
honorable Senator will accept of this modifi-
cation I will vote with him for his amend-
ment—"not below the rank of major." I
think these words should be inserted in the
first line of the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Say "not below the rank
of first lieutenant."
Mr. COLE. "Ofcaptain."
Mr. STEWART. I am inclined to think
the young officers of the Army will be just as
efficient and as faithful as any others in doing
this kind of service.
Mr. HARLAN. I will accept the modifi-
cation "not below the rank of captain."
There are enough captains for the purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mod-
ification will be made.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether an
objection to this proposition will put it over or
not.
Mr. STEWART. No.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I shall give my reasons
to the Senate for opposing it, and I think they
will very readily see why it should not prevail.
We have had a contest for many years between
these Departments as to the supervision of
Indian affairs. The Indian department was
once connected with the War Department. It
was taken away from that Department and
made a separate bureau. Afterward officers
of the Army were detailed as Indian superin-
tendents and Indian agents. A change was
then made in the law, under which the present
system was adopted of appointing men from
civil life, or those who did not belong to the
Army, as superintendents and agents for the
Indians. The antagonism between these two
organizations was such thatit produced trouble;
and so, a few years ago, a law was passed regu-
lating the subject, and I will give the reasons
for the passage of that law.
The Departments here connected with the
civil service were in the habit of detailing
Army officers to perform the duties of civilians
until actually an Army officer was detailed by
the Secretary of the Treasury to the head of
one of the divisions of the Treasury Depart-
ment. This thing became so common that I
myself introduced a bill in the House of Rep-
resentatives which, after some two days' debate
there, was passed unanimously, and which also
passed the Senate, prohibiting Army officers
from performing the duties of civilians or per-
forming civil duties. That has been found to
be a wholesome provision of law. My objec-
tion to this amendment is that it runs counter
to that law, and you cannot adopt the amend-
ment without repealing that provision of the
law as it stands to-day.
I have another objection to it. It seems to
be almost impossible to get any system estab-
lished in this country in reference to the
Army. The very moment you establish a
system, establish a staff organization or any-
thing else that defines and prescribes their
duties, some one opens it by a little amend-
ment of this sort, and without consideration it
goes through Congress, and the whole thing is
ripped up again.
There are many objections to this propo-
sition. It is not that 1 object to Army officers,
not that they are not honorable men, not that
they would not fulfill the duties now proposed
to be imposed on them faithfully; but while
we have reports here from the Secretary of
War and the President—I shall not say whether
I favor them or not; it is for those high
officers to say what they think, however much
I may differ with them—stating that there are
not sufficient officers to perform the duties of
the Army, why do you detail them all the time
for the performance of duties that do not
properly belong to them ? If you desire them
to perform their duty as Army officers, let
them do it, and let the duties of civilians be
performed by civilians. I ask my honorable
friend from Nevada does he think there is no
man outside of an Army officer who is honest
enough to perform this duty ? If not, you
had better detail the Army to take charge of
this country.
There is another objection to it. If you
detail an Army officer to perform this duty,
it looks at the first blush as if that would save
expense; but I say to the Senator it will cost
more to do that than to appoint a civilian or a
man who does not belong to the Army and
has not other duties to perform, for the reason
that under the law now in reference to the
Army the officers are entitled to ten cents
going and coming for every mile they travel
under orders. If you detail an Army officer
to go around and visit all the posts in the
Indian territories and make a report once every
six months, it will cost thousands of dollars
meiely for mileage. The whole salary of a
superintendent of Indian affairs would not
cost so much. It does seem to me that the
amendment, in the light of economy, is wrong,
and it is wrong in principle. It is wrong be-
cause it affects the Aruiy ; it is wrong because
it puts two organizations of the Government
in conflict.
There is a great desire among some Army
officers to have the Indian Bureau placed
under the charge of the War Department,
and there always has been a desire of that
kind ever since that bureau was taken from
the War Department. There are underlying
reasons, which I will not state, why this ought
not to be adopted. It is just as easy to get
men to perform this duty who will have noth-
ing to induce them to have the present System
changed, if it is right, or to have it done in
another way, if it is wrong, as to require it to
be done in this way.
Of course I have no more right to object
than anyone else, but it seemed to me when
this amendment was offered as though it
struck almost every one favorably. It does
not so strike me. The adoption of this
amendment will require the performance of
duties by Army officers that they have been
required not to perform by absolute law.
During the war commanding officers had to
issue positive orders, and orders were issued
from the War Department, preventing this
practice of detailing Army officers for other
duties. The various Departments were con-
stantly wanting details of Army officers to
perform certain duties that did not apply
properly to the duties required to be per-
formed by them as Army officers. If you
open the door as now proposed, and require
details to be made of Army officers to per-
form this service of the examination of Indian
accounts, the next thing will be to detail them
to perform some other service, and you open
the thing just as it was a few years ago, which
was so detrimental to the organization of the
Army in this country.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him right there?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Does not the Senator
from Illinois see Army officers performing the
duties of civil position here in the city of
Washington ?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know that I do, but
if I do, it is in violation of law.
Mr. THURMAN. There is the Superin-
tendent of Public Buildings and Grounds for
instance.
Mr. LOGAN. The charge of the public
buildings and grounds in this city is made by
law a portion of the duties of the engineer
corps of the Army, and therefore it is proper
to detail an engineer officer to perform that
duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is an express
provision of law.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly it is. I have
stated that. I am not going to answer any
questions in reference to this matter. I am
stating what the law is, and I am stating the
fact that the law was passed at my suggestion.
I think it is a very good law and has proven
to be a good law, and I call the attention of
the Senator from Ohio to the fact that at the
last session, I believe it was, the Secretary of
War in his report to the Congress of the
United States commended that law as having
worked most excellently. Although many
provisions of that law were fought, and there
was great opposition to it, yet after the work-
ings of it were seen the Secretary of War
took it upon himself to insert in a report sent
here a compliment to the workings of the law.
Inasmuch as it has proved a success and has
worked well, I do not desire to see it opened
