1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Kerr,
IIo. op Reps.
List of submarine cables contracted to be laid in 1870 and 1871, and mostly completed.
Name of company.
Falmouth, Gibraltar, and Malta 
Cuba Submarine 
Jersey and Guernsey 
Great Northern, China, and Japan Extension..
West India and Panama  
Marseilles, Algiers, and Malta-
Panama and South Pacific  
British. Indian Extension 
China Submarine  
Calcutta and Singapore-
British Australian 
Total 
Add lines constructed from 1850 to 1870 
Add proposed lines of the America and East
India Telegraph Company 
Grand total-
Places from and to which cables arc to be laid.
f Porthourno, near Penzance, to Gibraltar.
lGibraltar to Malta 
Santiago de Cuba to Batabano, Cuba 
England, to Jersey and Guernsey 
JPosiettato Shanghai 
1 And Shanghai to Hong Kong 
Cuba, through West India islands to Surinam, with a branch to
Panama 
Marseilles, Algiers, and Malta 
Panama to Tumbez, in Peru 
Galle to Singapore, via Penang and Malacca 
fKrom a station in the straits of Malacca of the British Indian
< Extension line, to Hong Kong 
(And Hong Kong to Shanghai 
Calcutta to Singapore, via Penang and Malacca 
I Singapore to Batavia 
(.Southeastern extremity of Java to Port Darwin 
Length of
cable in stat-
ute miles.
1,669 \
1,195j
630
116
1,400 \
1,283/
' 2,975
1,006
1,283
2,049
1,9131
1,166/
2,129
6571
1,357/
20,828
27,402
7,000
56,230
When to be oompieted.
May, 1870.
May, 1870.
May, 1870.
Three and six months, re-
spectively, from January
7,1870.
July, 1870.
August, 1870.
1870.
1870.
June, 1871.
1871.
1871.
These tables do not include many minor lines in America and Europe.
Refunding of Cotton Tax.
SPEECH OF HON M. C. KERR,
01' indiana,
In the House op Representatives,
February 18, 1873,
On the bill (H. R. No. 3564) to refund certain taxes
collected by the United States on raw cotton
during the years 1865,1866, 1867, and 1868.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the proposition
to repay the cotton tax to those who suffered
it involves considerations and questions of
great importance. The proper solution of
some of these questions is by no means free
from doubt. They relate both to power and
policy. They touch both the Constitution
and the personal rights of the people. Be-
sides, the magnitude of the revenue col-
lected from cotton is very great. It exceeds
$65,000,000, which is more than the aggregate
gross expenditures of the Federal Govern-
ment during the first eight years of its exist-
ence. These facts make it our imperative
duty to consider all these questions with the
utmost' deliberation. This duty should be
discharged, also, with entire freedom from
the influence of sectionalism and prejudice.
With constant reference to the greatestattain-
able brevity, consistent with justice to the sub-
ject, I will proceed at once to state what I
conceive to be the points involved, and I will
consider them in the order in which I state
them.
1. Was the cotton tax uniform within the
sense of the Constitution?
2. Was it a direct tax in the intendment of
the Constitution ?
3. Can Congress constitutionally impose a
tax on exported cotton '?
4. Who paid and suffered the cotton tax?
6. Should the tax or any part of it be re-
funded ?
The law of Congress which authorized the
collection of the tax on cotton, and out of
which these questions now arise for solution,
is the act of July 13, 1866, whose first section
reads as follows:
" Sec 1. And be it further enacted, That on and
after the 1st day of August, 1866, in lieu of the taxes
on unmanufactured cotton, as provided m an act
to provide internal revenue to support the (-rovern-
ment. to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes, approved June 30,1864, as amended
by the act of March 3, 1865, there shall be paid by
the producer, owner, or holder, upon all cotton pro-
duced within the United States, and upon which
no tax has been levied, paid, or collected, a tax of
three cents per pound, as hereinafter provided; and
the weight of such cotton shall be ascertained byde-
ducting four per cent, for tare from the gross weight
of each bale or package; and such tax shall be and
remain a lien thereon, in the possession of any per-
son whomsoever, from the time when this law takes
effect, or such cotton is produced, as aforesaid, until
the same shall have been paid; and no drawback
shall in any case be allowed on raw or unmanufac-
tured cotton of any tax paid thereon when exported
in the raw or unmanufactured condition. But no
tax shall be imposed upon any cotton imported from
other countries and on which an import duty shall
have been paid."
Apparent upon the mere reading of this
section are these facts: first, a tax of three
cents per pound is imposed upon all cotton
produced in the United States, deducting for
tare four per cent, of the gross weight; second,
the tax is made alien on the cotton until paid ;
third, no drawback shall in any case be allowed
on raw or unmanufactured cotton when ex-
ported. There were other laws, previously
enacted, imposing a tax on cotton, but the one
to which I refer is the principal act, and I
therefore omit the others. I come now at once
to inquire—
was the cotton tax uniform within the sense
op the constitution ?
On this subject the light furnished by judi-
cial decisions is very slight. The direct ques-
tion appears never to have arisen. No law
ever enacted by Congress has attempted to dis-
criminate in taxatipn by express provisions
against any States in favor of others. No tax
in terms other than uniform has ever been im-
posed. No express preference has ever been
given by any law or regulation of commerce
or revenue " to the ports of one State over
those of others," What does the Constitution
mean by the express injunction that'' all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be uniform through-
out the United States?" Does this language
have relation to the things to be taxed, or to
the rate of taxation ? I can find no authority,
in the wide range of our constitutional history
or judicial decisions, for holding that it has
reference to the things to be taxed.
The things which may be taxed under the
Constitution by the Federal Government are
simply innumerable. Duties, imposts, and
excises embrace every subject of taxation
known to civil government in our country,
save only the few subjects of direct taxation.
All tariff taxes are duties or imposts, and their
number, under existing laws, is near thirty-
five hundred. AH taxes on tobacco, spirits,
and incomes, and all stamp taxes, and other
taxation under onr internal revenue system,
now and heretofore, are excise taxes. If
the rule of uniformity have reference to these
things, these innumerable subjects^ of taxa-
tion, how is it possible for the wit of man
ever to give it practical execution ? How can
you devise a system of taxation the subject-
matters of which, the articles taxed, "shall be
uniform throughout the United States ?"
We impose upon tobacco an excise tax.
But is tobacco, as a subject of taxation, "uni-
form throughout the United States?" It is
not produced in equal quantities in each of
the States. It is not produced at all in some
of them. The chief tobacco product of our
country is the growth, the staple, of only a
few States. There is not, and never can be,
any uniformity in the natural distribution of
its production. Neither is there in its arti-
ficial or commercial distribution any real
uniformity ; but there is a sort of uniformity
determined by the amount consumed. We
impose tariff duties or imposts on imported
raw silk, of which there is none produced in
our country. If uniformity have relation to
the things taxed, how can this tax be made
" uniform throughout the United States?"
We also impose grossly excessive duties on
imported cloths of all kinds, on iron and steel
and their products, on salt and coal, on lum-
ber and lead, and thousands of other things
which are produced in greater or less amounts
in our own country, in one or another section
of it. But while these imported articles of
these various kinds are so taxed, the like
articles produced in our country are not taxed
at all. If this constitutional idea of uniformity
relates to the things taxed, what becomes of it in
relation to all these subjects ? The iron, steel,
woolen and cotton cloths, silk, and other
articles manufactured in Pennsylvania, Mas-
sachusetts, Rhode Island, and other States,
are suffered to go free of all taxation, and
that, too, for the express purpose of enabling
their manufacturers to charge the purchasers
and consumers of their goods as much as if
they were taxed. Then the articles imported
are taxed without any reference to equality or
uniformity, either in relation to amount, qual-
ity, subject-matter, or section. When you fol-
low this argument to its logical results uni-
formity speedily becomes lost in a labyrinth
of inexplicable legal difficulties.
