1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
again. If it is to be, there is no use in the
Committee on Military Affairs trying to pre-
scribe the duties of the Army and trying to
keep them within those duties, with the help
of other Senators and other members of Con-
gress.
Mr. STEWART. The object of the amend-
ment I have proposed I suppose is very plain
to all. The expenses of the Indian depart-
ment have been largely increased for the last
few years, and if the policy is to be continued,
they must continue to be very large for many
years to come. There is no doubt about that.
The kind of vouchers that are returned are such
that there is great opportunity, even with the
greatest vigilance that can be emyloyed, for
frauds. There have been a great many frauds
in the administration ot the Indian department
by agents and others having the disbursement
of the funds. The vouchers are of such a
character and obtained from such sources,
generally from the Indians themselves, that a
dishonest agent can manufacture them. You
rely almost entirely upon the honesty of the
agents not only for the disbursement of the
money, but for a report of the facts upon
which Congress must act.
Although you have many checks upon your
national banks, you have your bank exam-
iners, for example, who go at times when they
are not expected, drop in upon the banks, and
examine their accounts. That is a great safe-
guard upon those institutions. Now, here is
Irom five to seven millions of money appro
priated for Indians, and expended in a region
of country where there are but few white men,
perhaps none, to see how it is expended. It
seems to me it would be a good thing if some-
body were authorized to drop in upon the
agents, visit them occasionally, and report the
facts as to the condition of the agencies and
the expenditure of the public money there.
I do not wish to enlarge the jurisdiction of
the Army. I concur with the Senator from
Illinois that the duties of the Army should be
accurately defined, and should not be enlarged,
that they should not encroach upon civil duties,
aud should not receive civil office. The two
things should be kept distinct ; there should
not be a commingling of the military and civil
departments of the Government. I commend
him for his efforts in that direction ; but I
submit that this is not conferring any new
office upon the Army.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator says it is not
conferring any new office upon the Army.
Does it not confer authority to administer
oaths, to send for persons and papers—the
very authority which it is requisite for you to
pass a law here to confer upon a committee
of this body?
Mr. STEWART. It does for purpose of
making an examination and report. They
have no power to make any order, or to do
anything but collect facts. It seems to me
those facts can be collected more cheaply,
more certainly, and more expeditiously through
the Army that is located all through this region
of country than in any other way. I think
Army officers can be detailed to make these
examinations without any large expense. I
take it for granted that the President of the
United States in executing this law will use a
reasonable discretion, and if he does that the
traveling expenses must necessarily be very
light.
I admit that such a law as this could be
abused. If officers about Washington were
detailed to travel all over the country to make
these examinations, great expense might be
incurred under it. But you have your military
postsall through the Indian country, and offi-
cers can be detailed from those posts for this
service, and by doing that the traveling ex-
penses will be very light. There are no addi-
tional salaries connected with it. It will not
take a great deal of time to visit these reserva-
tions once in six months.
Mr. WINDOM. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator to make a suggestion for the purpose of
obtaining information ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. Is not the duty which the
Senator imposes upon these Army officers pre-
cisely the same duty now imposed upon the
peace commission, and does he desire that
these Army officers shall supplant the peace
commission ?
Mr. STEWART. Not at all.
Mr. WINDOM. Is there any necessity,
then, for an additional examination ? We
have peace commissioners in whom the coun-
try have as much confidence as in anybody,
certainly, who are authorized to make these
examinations, and why not leave the whole
matter to thera as now ?
Mr. STEWART. I have no doubt the
country has the utmost confidence in the peace
commissioners; I have confidence in the peace
commissioners ; but I have also confidence in
the capacity of rascals to defeat them. I will
relate a little circumstance that happened
under my observation in regard to a case that
came up from Arizona. I happen to think
of the case because my friend, the Delegate
from Arizona, was on the floor a moment
ago. Some time since he called on me and
told me that a person in his Territory, who
had no character whatever, and who was
responsible for nothing, had been designated
by the church having that.Territory in charge
as an Indian agent, and I went with hina, at
his request, to the Secretary of the Interior,
and represented the facts. The Secretary
communicated with the church. Several
months were occupied in the investigation,
and it turned out that this man had been
recently converted from a common loafer in
the streets to become a member of the Dutch
Reformed Church, and he was made an Indian
agent.
There are posts that are not very frequently
visited by the peace commission. The peace
commissioners do not visit the posts in Ari-
zona, or away out upon the frontier, very fre-
quently—not once a year, I take it. If there
are Army officers stationed in those regions
let them make this examination, not to inter-
fere with the peace commission—and I under-
take to say that if an agent is discharging his
duty faithfully the visit of an Army officer
simply authorized to inquire how things are
going on upon the reservation, and to make a
report as to them and the expenditure of
money there, cannot annoy him very much—
and if an Army officer happens to find one of
these men who has joined the church and be-
come recently converted for the purpose of
becoming an Indian agent, stealing Govern-
ment money, perhaps he will tell us of it.
There will be some chance that we may know
something about it. And where so large an
amount of money is being expended, and
where the checks and guards are so few, I
think the country will be better satisfied to
have all the light that can be had thrown on
the subject.
It seems to me an examination should take
place, not only once in six months, but it should
take place without any previous notice to the
agent. The reservation should be in such a
condition all the time that the inspector could
make his examination and report. That is
the way in which every officer in that country
should conduct his business, and if he was
liable at any moment to this examination I
think he would so conduct it.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of
securing a more faithful administration than
we now have, if it can be done, and if it is
faithfully done now, of vindicating it. If there
are no frauds, and the thing is being con-
ducted as it ought to be, I want it vindicated,
and I want all the light on the subject bo that
it can be vindicated.
It seems to me that something of this kind
ought to be done. I do not see any better
method of getting information on the subject
than the one suggested, but I am willing to
adopt any other that is feasible. I am not
specially attached to the officers of the Army.
On the contrary, I rather think they should
not be connected with civil duties if it can be
avoided. Any amendment that will reach the
point, that will answer the purpose, I will
most certainly accept; but I want an amend-
ment that will be effective, that will give us the
information ; because I believe the fact that
information can be had and that the Govern-
ment has it in its power to know what is done
will secure better services than we now have.
Certainly it will not injure the service if every
agent knows that all that he does is liable to be
reported upon to the Government at any time.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, as this is the last
opportunity probably that I shall have, I seize
upon it, although it may not be very oppor-
tune, to say a few words on this subject of the
proper policy to be pursued toward the Indians.
In the first place, I cannot consent to the
amendment offered by my colleague, because
it is not in the right proportion. This Indian
policy has been changing like every view of a
kaleidoscope ever since I have been in public
life. Last year it presented one view, this year
another, till in the end we are brought up on
the" Christian rock ; and after beating about
the bush for several years, we are told now that
we have struck the last resting-place of the
Christian hope, the Church of Christ. And
now my colleague, it seems to me, is guilty of
almost infidelity, in desiring to set a guardian
angel, armed with a sword, watching the Church,
for fear they will steal. [Laughter.] Never
but once before, and that created great alarm,
and it was in a time of war, did a strange guard
appear over an army; and Joshua, a brave
man, approached him and said, " Who are
you, and what are you here for? " "I am a
sentinel set here by the Lord, and hence I am
standing here.'' And so, under the amendment
of my colleague, the ears of the clergy are to be
greeted by the rattle of the dashing warrior's
spurs; and they must not know of his coming,
says ray colleague ; and so, in the dead hour
of the night, or in the more sacred hour, that
of prayer, the spurs will jingle at the clergy-
man's door, and he will be aroused to the
immediate and awful danger that surrounds
him. [Laughter.] Sir, that will not do. Set
no armed guards over the clergy.
Mr. President, I hope this experiment of
the clergy will work. I do not believe that it
will. If the experienced chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, who has also held the
office of Secretary of the Interior, and has had
more to do with the Indians than almost any
living man, certainly more than any man on
this floor, asks me the way out of this wilder-
ness of expenditure, I answer, abrogate your
treaties. I maybe asked, "What! would you
break your contract with an Indian?" Yes,
and take the consequences. If I make a con-
tract with the Secretary of the Interior that I
will do so and so, and I find it disastrous, I
break it and take the consequences. "
What now is the exact phase of our Indian
management? Not over two hundred and fifty
thousand Indians will be found upon a count
in this nation, including Alaska, and here are
thirty-five millions of white people, who are
presumed to have some interest in this coun-
try, afraid to trust their magnanimity with these
strolling remnants of former formidable bands.
Talk of a treaty with the Cherokees and Choc-
taws 1 Why, there is not enough left of the
poor fellows to count. Talk of a treaty with
lied Cloud ! As well speak of a treaty with
the panting tiger thirsting for your blood.
I was willing that this experiment should be
made, and it was made, I have no doubt, with
the highest purposes of doing right; but, sir, it
will be a failure. Why ? There are two reasons.
I have assisted in making Indian treaties with
the good old Governor Doty of Utah, who is now
dead. I have gi veti the subject my serious reflec-
tion ; and I am satisfied, and I was satisfied
