1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
joint Committee of Congress on Public Print-
ing to direct the Congressional Printer to con-
tract, on behalf of the United States of
America, with William J. Murtagh, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, for the report-
ing and publication of the debates in Congress
for the term of six years, on and from the
4th of March, 1873, in accordance with the
proposals submitted by him for said reporting
and printing; provided that the reporters so
employed for the Senate shall be at all times
subject to the approval of the joint Committee
on Public Printing on the part of the Senate,
and the reporters so employed for the House
of Representatives shall be at all times sub-
ject to the approval of the joint Committee
on Public Printing on the part of the House
of Representatives; that Murtagh shall, at the
time of executing the contract, give bond to
tliQ United States in the penal sum of   
hundred thousand dollars, with sureties, to be
approved by the joint Committee on Public
Printing, conditional for the due and faithful
performance of the stipulations of said con-
tract to be by him performed ; that before the
United States shall be called on to pay for any
reporting or publication of the debates, the
accounts therefor shall be submitted to the
joint Committee on Public Printing, or to
such other officer or officers of Congress as
they may designate, and on their or his appro-
bation thereof, as being in all respects accord-
ing to the contracts, it shall be paid for from the
Treasury of the United States, after having
passed the proper accounting officers thereof;
in case Murtagh shall fail to execute the
contract and give the bond mentioned in the
first section ot' this act within ten days after
such contract, shall be presented to him, or
shall at any time, in the judgment of the joint
Committee on Public Printing, fail in the due
performance of the same, the joint Committee
on Public Printing is authorized to have the
debates reported as they shall direct, and to
have them printed, under the direction of the
Congressional Printer, at the Government
Printing Office.
Mr. KERB. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BEATTY. 1 cannot do that.
Mr. Speaker, the contract with Messrs.
Rives & Bailey for publishing the debutes
and proceedings of Congress will expire on
the 4th of March next. If this work is to be
continued a new contract must be entered
into. In compliance with the requirements
of an act passed during the second session
of this Congress, the joint Committee on
Public Printing invited by advertisement pro-
posals for reporting and printing the debates.
They also requested the Congressional Printer
to pepaie an estimate of the cost of doing
this work at the Government Office. Three
proposals were received, each accompanied
by a bond of $10,000, binding the bidders to
enter into a contract to do the work in case
their bids were accepted. An estimate of the
cost of doing the work was also submitted by
the Congressional Printer.
The bidders were W. J. Murtagh, of Wash-
ington ; Ladd & Towers, of Washington ; and
Thomas A. Osborne, of Leavenworth, Kansas.
Mr. Osborne made no bid for reporting, and
his bid for printing was evidently founded upon
a misapprehension of the terms of ths adver-
tisement. An opportunity was offered him to
correct his bid, but as he has failed to do so,
and as his bid for printing is unreasonably
high, it will be unnecessary for me to refer to
it again. For the purpose of presenting the
relative cost of printing the debates under these
proposals, aud comparing it with the cost of
doing the work under the llives & Bailey
contract, the committee has carefully meas-
ured the printed matter contained in the seven
volumes of proceedings of the second session
of this Congress, and an estimate, verified by
the bidders and by the Congressional Printer,
has been made of the amount this work would
have cost if it had been done under the pro-
posals of the two-lowest bidders and under the
estimate of the Congressional Printer. We
find that under, the proposal of Ladd &
Towers the reporting and publishing of the
debates of the second session would have cost
$216,633 76; under that of W. J. Murtagh
$146,746 50; under estimate of Congressional
Printer $161,809 06. The amount actually
paid to Rives & Bailey for doing this work
was $246,555 50, or ยง99,809 more than it
would have cost under the proposal of Mur-
tagh, and $84,746 44 more than under esti-
mate of the Congressional Printer.
It is safe to say, therefore, that had the
entire work of the present Congress been done
under the supervision of the Congressional
Printer, the Government would have saved
on the reporting and printing of the debates
$169,000, secured a better quality of paper,
worth at least $28,000 more than that now
used in the quarto edition, and thus made a
total saving equivalent to $197,000 on the
work of one Congress.
At the fates proposed by Mr. Murtagh the
Government would have saved on the work
$199,000, secured a better quality of paper,
worth $28,000, aud thus made ou one Con-
guess a saving equivalent to $227,000.
When I stated in March last that Rives &
Bailey would make on the contract which was
forced through the House $175,000, I greatly
understated the amount. Their profits will, I
have no doubt, exceed $250,000, or, in other
words, just one half of the money paid them is
net profit on the contract.
In the proposal of Ladd & Towers we find
their estimate for reporting amounts to nearly,
if not quite, twice as much as that now paid
by Rives & Bailey for doing this work. They
not only propose to pay the Globe reporters
the sum which Rives & Bailey are now paying
them, but to pay them, in addition, a sum
larger even than that now voted and paid by
Congress as additional compensation, thereby
relieving the Government from the payment
of this additional compensation .which amounts
to some $30,000 a Congress. So that in com-
paring their proposal with the rates paid under
the Rives & Bailey contract this fact should
be considered. Again, their bid, like that of
Murtagh, and the estimate of the Congressional
Printer, would require them to use a far bet-
ter quality of paper in the quarto edition than
that now used. When these items are con-
sidered, it will be found that the proposal of
Ladd & Towers is better by $116,000 on the
work of one Congress than the present or pro
posed rates of Rives & Bailey.
So that if we should conclude to accept the
proposal of even the highest bidder, it would
m fact be $116,000 per Congress better than
to continue on the terms of the Rives & Bailey
contract, while the proposal of the lowest
bidder would be $227,000 better, and by having
the work done at the Government Office the
saving would be equivalent to $197,000.
Here, then, are three propositions before us,
all better by from $116,000 to $227,000 than
the present contract, or the one which Rives &
Bailey have recently proposed for our accept-
ance.
Rives & Bailey made no bid for this work
under the law requiring the committee to ad-
vertise for proposals, but long after the time
prescribed by the committee, and during the
present session, they filed with the committee
a proposition to do the work for six years at
the old rates for the first Congress, a reduction
of two and a half per cent, from their rates
for the second Congress, and a reduction of
five per cent, for the third. A reduction of
this sort, from the present rates, is not worth
considering. It would amount to perhaps
$37,000 on the work of three Congresses, while,
by accepting the bid of Murtagh, or by having
the work done at the Government Office, we
will save during that period over a half million
dollars.
It will be remarked that the estimate of the
Congressional Printer is somewhat higher
than the proposal of Mr. Murtagh. An ex-
planation of this may be found in the fact that
the Congressional Printer labors under many
difficulties from which a private contractor
has exemption. In making his calculation,
therefore, the Congressional Printer has put
his estimates high enough to provide against
every possible contingency that can arise in
the execution of the work, with the desire that
the cost of the work, when completed, should
fall below, rather than go above, his estimates.
The first and perhaps greatest disadvantage
under which he labors is that resulting from
congressional influence. Members of Con-
gress too often send him incompetent work-
men, and insist upon their being employed.
Every broken-down printer and poor woman
who comes to us with a story of destitution
aud trouble is turned over to him. His good
nature cannot always resist the pressure ; and
the result is that his workmen do not compare
favorably with those employed in private offices.
There appears to be no way to avoid the
difficulty, and in his estimates he has there-
fore been compelled to provide for it. It is
for this reason, in part, that he estimates that
the type-setting will cost $1 50 per thousand
ems, when the usual charge for type-setting is
only sixty cents per thousand ems. Type-
setting is one of the largest items embraced in
the estimates of the cost of doing this work.
On this item he has fortified himself with a
margin of one hundred and fifty per cent., and
he has done the same on many of the other
items.
Now, in relation to the matter of reporting,
Congress very properly insists upon the reten-
tion of the corps of reporters now employed.
There may be others who could do the work
as well, but probably none who could do it
better. They are not only skilled in their art,
but they are gentlemen whom it is pleasant to
know and to be associated with. Any bill
which contemplated their removal would not
receive a vote in this House. This bill does
not contemplate it.
Mr. Murtagh proposes to employ them and
pay them precisely the same rates they are
now getting from Rives & Bailey, and Con-
gress will, I have no doubt, vote them the
usual amount each session in the way of addi-
tional compensation. I send to the Clerk's
desk a letter which I will ask him to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
washington, February 15,1873.
Dear Sir: In answer to your inquiry, I have the
honor to say that should the contract be awarded to
me, and I find that the present corps of reporters are
satisfactory to the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, I shall retain them and pay them the same
rates as havo heretofore been paid by Rives & Bailey.
Very respectfully,
W. J. MURTAGH.
Hon. John Bkatty.
Mr. BEATTY. It may be asked why not
make separate contracts for reporting. Simply
because it is the judgment of the committee,
and of every one who has ever investigated
this subject, that one person should be held
responsible for the entire work of reporting
and printing. The present bill gives the con-
tractor the same control over the reporting
which the old contractors have always exer-
cised, no more and no less, and retains to
Congress precisely the same influence in the
selection of the reporters it has always had.
It may,_ however, be well to remark in this
connection that should Congress conclude to
employ its reporters and pay them precisely
what they now receive from Rives & Bailey
and from the Government in the way of a
ditional compensation, and make separate co
tract for printing, we should save on the whol
work during one Congress, under the pro-
posal of Ladd & Towers, $148,000 ; under the
estimate of the Congressional Printer, $208,-
000, and under the proposal of W. J. Mur-
tagh, $226,000. In making this calculation,
