1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10S
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Refunding of Gotton Tax—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. oi Iters.
therefore, with the utmost reliance upon its
correctness, that the only direct taxes are the
taxes on polls and on lands, and, therefore,
that the cotton tax is not a direct tax, and did
not require to be assessed on all the States on
the rule of apportionment. The cotton was
not land, either in fact or by reason of any
legal fiction. It was a product of land, and so"
is tobacco, and so are corn and rye and fruits
of which spirits are made, and so is barley, of
which fermented liquors are made. Its mere
distance from the soil which produced it, at
the time the tax is imposed, is not material.
The progress it has made toward some manu-
factured form is equally immaterial. If it is
severed from the ground, that is enough. But
the cotton was more advanced when taxed; it
had been subjected to the incipient process of
manufacture called ginning, and it had also
been put into bales. It was in every sense
personal property, if not a manufacture, when
taxed. T^he power of Congress to make it
the subject of an excise tax was therefore
complete.
CAN CONGRESS CONSTITUTIONALLY IMPOSE A TAX
ON EXPORTED COTTON 1
The Constitution says "no tax or duty shall
be laid on articles exported from any State.''
It seems to me that if human language can
ever express thought without ambiguity the
framers of the Constitution did so in this in-
hibition. It is in view of constitutional pro-
visions set down in such explicit and well-
chosen words that Mr. Story says :
"Where its words are plain, dear, and determin-
ate, they require no interpretation; and it should,
therefore, only be admitted, if at all, with great
caution, and only from necessity, either to escape
some absurd consequence, or to guard against some
fatal evil."—Story on Constitution, sec. 405.
And afterward, in the application of this
just canon of construction to this same pro-
vision, Mr. Story says:
" If Congress were allowed to lay a duty on ex-
ports from any one State it might unreasonably
injure, or even destroy, the staple productions or
common articles of that State. The inequality of
such a tax would be extreme. In some of the States
the whole of thoir means result from agricultural
exports. In others a great portion is derivedfrom
other sources; from external fisheries, from freights,
and from the profits of commerce in its largest ex-
tent. The burden of such a tax would, of course,
be very unequally distributed. The power is, there-
fore, wholly taken away to intermeddle with the
subjects of exports."—Story on Constitution, sec. 1014.
In full and unbroken harmony with this con-
clusion are the facts, opinions, and incidents
attending the adoption of this provision by
the Convention, and all the comments thereon
by Eawle, and Sergeant, and Kent, and Jeffer-
son, and Tucker, and Curtis, and other masters
of constitutional construction, and all the inti-
mations of the courts. The direct question
seems never yet to have been presented for
judicial determination to the Supreme Court.
But this tribunal has repeatedly given inci-
dental expressions to the same legal effect,
and notably in the two recent cases of the
Pacific Insurance Company vs. Soule, (7 "Wal-
lace, 446,) and the Veazie Bank vs. Fenno, (8
Wallace, 540,) in which the decisions of the*
court were pronounced respectively by Justice
Swayne and Chief Justice Chase.
Is there any escape, then, from the plain
proposition that Congress has no right to
impose any tax "on articles exported from
any State?" Can it even be evaded by any
legal disguise, or subterfuge, or congressional
sleight of hand? The word "articles," as it
is used in this prohibition, is manifestly gen-
eric in its scope and meaning, and embraces
every commodity that can enter into the legiti-
mate commerce of men and nations. ^ An
export is anything of value produced in a
State, the property of an inhabitant thereof,
or of the State itself, or of any citizen of the
United States, and which its owner desires, m
the course of lawful commerce, to transport
for sale or barter to any foreign State. It will
not answer to give "it any more restrictive sig-
nification, because to do so would do violence
not only to the words of the Constitution and
the obvious intent and purpose of its framers,
but also to common sense, fair play, and per-
sonal liberty. If this explicit prohibition to
tax exports had been omitted from the Consti-
tution, it is certain beyond doubt that the Con-
stitution itself would have been rejected by the
States and the people.
It may be said that the section of the law which
I have read does not expressly impose any
tax on exported cotton. But it does expressly
declare that '1 no drawback shall in any case
be allowed on raw or unmanufactured cotton
of any tax paid thereon when exported in
the raw or unmanufactured condition." The
tax is imposed and it is paid, and the cotton
is exported, and the repayment or drawback
of the tax is refused. Thus the offense
against the Constitution, the citizen, and the
State, is perfect; the wrong is committed, and
the remedy is denied. What more or worse
could Congress do? It does this wrong by a
maladroit circuity of words. But will any
honest man pretend that the legal nature of
the act, the result, is thereby changed ?
The great right guarantied to the States and
the people by the Constitution is the free, un-
embarrassed, and untaxed exportation of the
products of the States. That right by this
law was destroyed as to cotton. It makes no
legal difference where the tax was assessed or
paid, or its repayment refused. That these
things happened at all is the wrong. To con-
stitute a tax on articles exported from any
State it is not necessary that the tax shall be
imposed and exacted at the precise time and
place of exportation. It does not need to be
an export tax eo nomine, for that would make
it possible often to sacrifice the substance to
the shadow. The Constitution indulges in no
mere play upon words. If Congress can law-
fully impose any taxes on any products of our
country, and, when such products are after-
ward exported in the course of lawful com-
merce, refuse the drawback or repayment of
such taxes, then it can do so upon all pro-
ducts, having no law to restrain it but its own
discretion, and the guarantee becomes inopera-
tive and useless.
It need not be questioned that Congress has
the right to exact the payment of any lawful
tax at such time as it may think best. The
citizen has the equally clear right to determine
at such time as he pleases whether he will or
will not export to a foreign market the subject
of the tax. But when he settles this question,
and is ready to export the taxed products, his
absolute right to export them untaxed becomes
perfect. It is simply trifling with sense and
substance to maintain that Congress may law-
fully impose an export tax on raw or unman-
ufactured products but cannot on manufac-
tured products. Yet this illogical and stupid
assumption seems to be countenanced in sec-
tion six of the law I am considering. That
section expressly authorizes a drawback or
repayment of taxes on the manufacturers of
cotton. But I am not willing to believe that
section was enacted merely to recognize this
legal crotchet. It had a much more substan-
tial and thrifty motive. It was chiefly enacted,
no doubt, because nearly all the fabrics of
cotton made in our country are made in north-
ern States, and mostly in New England. In
other words, that drawback in favor of the
manufactured fabrics of taxed raw cotton was
granted because it suited the humor of Con-
gress at that time, it favored their supposed
friends, it discriminated in favor of a_ section
and of the few and the rich, and against the
many and the poor and another section of the
country. But the like drawback in favor of the
producers of the raw cotton was denied, because
they had been in rebellion and must needs be
punished.
It is impossible, in view of these considera-
tions, for me to hesitate to believe that Con-
gress has no warrant whatever to impose any
export tax directly or indirectly on the prod-
ucts, whether crude or manufactured, of any
State, and that this tax on raw cotton in bales,
in just so far as that cotton was in fact ex-
ported, palpably and grossly violated this
principle. There is no safety if we depart at
all from the plain letter and beneficent intent
and policy of the Constitution. Our citizens
are entitled, of right, if they desire to enter
with the products of our country into compe-
tition with those of other countries in the
markets of the world, to remove our products
beyond our boundaries unburdened by taxa-
tion. Otherwise, they must enter those mar-
kets at disadvantages not intended by " the
fathers" or by the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, before I pass from this branch
of my subject it is proper for me to refer
briefly to another argument or assumption of
the friends of repayment of this tax. They
assert that this cotton tax was a tax on
exports from one State to another, and that
Congress has no power to impose a tax which,
directly or indirectly, shall work such a re-
sult. Their position in this behalf is clearly
untenable. The inhibition that " no tax or
duty shall be laid on articles exported from
any State" relates beyond question to export-
ation to1 foreign countries, not from State to
State of our Union. If Congress may not
lawfully impose any excise tax upon articles
produced in one State for sale and consump-
tion in other States of the Union, then it
results practically that Congress possesses
no constitutional power to impose any taxa-
tion whatever on any articles ol commerce
between the States, and that therefore the
existing taxes on spirits, fermented liquors,
tobacco, and other articles of commerce,
are grossly unconstitutional. Such a novel
doctrine as this would strip the General Gov-
ernment of all effective j>ower to collect rev-
enue, and that, too, in full view of the ex-
press and broad declaration in the Constitu-
tion, that—
" Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, ana excises."
But it does not follow from this ample grant
of power that Congress may impose a tax or
duty as an export tax, eo nomine, on any
product of one State whenever and because
such product is exported for sale to another
State. But if it cannot, then why nol ? _ It is
solely because, under other express provisions
of the Constitution, Congress is forbidden to
impose any taxes, duties, imposts, or excises
which shall not be uniform throughout the
United States, or to give any preference by
any regulation of commerce or revenue to
the ports of one State over those of another.
If, therefore, Congress in imposing taxes take
care to preserve this uniformity and to create
no such preferences, the tax will be lawful,
and Congress need not inquire whether the
thing taxed is to be sold and consumed in the
State of its production or in any other State.
In the contemplation of the Constitution,
when it says "no tax or duty shall be laid on
articles exported from any State," our country
is a unit, our States are one nation, and the
exportation must be to a foreign State or na-
tion. Between our States the beneficent and
honest policy of free trade—absolute free
trade—is forever guarantied. It can neither
be destroyed by the United States nor by the
States. As I have already remarked, the
time when and the place where the tax shall
be required to be assessed and paid are wholly
immaterial, for all such incidents of the power
of taxation are left to the discretion of Con-
