1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
I estimate that the increased representation in
the next Congress will make the work of that
Congress just twice as much as that of the
second session of this Congress. The debates
and proceedings will not perhaps occupy
quite twice as much space as the debates and
proceedings of the second session of this Con-
gress, but the number of copies of the Globe
to be printed will be increased over twelve
hundred to supply the additional members, and
this increase of copies will make up for any
diminution of the proceedings.
To show that the cost of the Globe depends
greatly upon the number of members, 1 need
only refer to the fact that when the South was
unrepresented we paid Rives & Bailey on
account of the Globe as follows: Thirty-
Seventh Congress, $195,000; Thirty-Eighth,
$260,000; Thirty-Ninth, $256,000; whereas
they were paid for the Fortieth, $420,000; and
Forty-First, $472,000. The amounts given are
those paid Rives & Bailey, and do not include
the entire cost of the Globe.
There may be only two sessions hereafter,
but there will be more members to speak, and
to be supplied with copies of the Globe.
There are about fifty-seven hundred pages in
the Globe of second session ; there were twelve
thousand eight hundred and fourteen pages
in Globe of Forty-First Congress. So I think
it fair to say the work of the second session
represents half the work of an entire Congress.
There is another advantage which should
result from accepting the proposal of Murtagh,
that of Ladd & Towers, or from having the
work done at the Government Office. These
proposals recognize the right of Congress to at
any time make a reduction in the number of
copies ofHhe Globe, and thus make a propor-
tionate reduction of expense ; whereas llives
& Bailey insist upon printing not iess than the
number of copies hitherto supplied. In my
judgment, we should only print copies enough
to supply the libraries of the country. Two
thousand copies would be enough for this pur-
pose, and if this number only were printed
there would be a further reduction of expense
amounting to $110,000 a Congress.
There is still another advantage which should
accrue to the Government from the acceptance
of either one of these proposals. They are so
framed that Congress can at any time reduce the
quantity of matter by leaving oui that which
is utterly valueless; such, for instance, as the
discussion on the order of business, &c. In this
way it is possible to reduce the volumes to a
more convenient size, render them less expen-
sive, and yet preserve all there is of import-
ance in the proceedings. This, I repeat, may
bedone undereither of the propositions named,
and a proportionate reduction of expense se-
cured, for under these propositions we pay
only for what we print. On the other hand,
Rives & Bailey, under their present contract,
and under that which they now propose for
our acceptance, would have a right to insist
upon the full proceedings, or pay for the
omitted portions, on the ground that when the
contract was entered into it had been the prac-
tice to publish everything, and no reservation
in this regard had been made.
In conclusion, I only desire to say that by
passing this bill, and accepting the proposal
of W. J. Murtagh, we shall make an immedi-
ate saving of over $200,000 a Congress, and
at the same time leave the way open for a fur-
ther reduction of expense in publication of the
debates amounting to $100,000 a Congress. In
case Mr. Murtagh should fail to enter into
a contract upon the terms proposed, or in
case he should fail to furnish the committee
security that the work will be promptly and
satisfactorily executed, then in that case the
Congressional Printer will be authorized by
the bill to make the arrangements necessary
for doing the work at the Government Office.
In that event the Congressional Printer would
require an appropriation of $40,000 to provide
additional accommodations for the publication
of the debates, much of which he states would
be available for other work, so that the pro-
portion of the outlay properly chargeable to
the publication of the debates would not ex-
ceed $10,000, an amount which would be made
good to the Government during the first session
by the value of the stereotype plates alone.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I desire to
ask the gentleman whether the joint resolu-
tion on which he asks the action of the House
is reported by the Committee on Printing?
Mr. BEATTY. It is.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Is it accom-
panied by a written report?
Mr. BEATTY. It is. It is accompanied
by report No. 75.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Has the report
been printed?
Mr. BEATTY. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK, ot Indiana. It occurs to
me, Mr. Speaker, that at this late hour of the
day, and with so thin a House, we ought not
to assume to settle so important a matter as
this is, or at least as this may result in becom-
ing. I therefore suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] the propriety of de-
ferring the vote on thisquestion to some future
occasion, when we may have a full House. I
think it is a matter of surprise to most mem-
bers that the gentleman has brought up the
measure this afternoon. I had certainly no
previous notice of it.
Mr. BEATTY. I gave notice two days ago
that I would call it up on an early day.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. 1 was not
aware of that fact. Having been called away
a good deal by committee work, I have not
had my attention specially directed to this
matter. It is a subject on which I wish to
address the House very briefly, but I am not
prepared to do it now. I would like to have
an opportunity of reading the report and look-
ing into the question a little more than 1 have
done before addressing the House upon it.
Mr. BEATTY. If the House will second
the demand for the previous question now, I
have no objection to the joint resolution going
over as unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Beatty] moves the previous question on
the joint resolution.
Mr. KERR. Pending that I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House should adjourn
now, what position would the joint resolution
occupy ?
The SPEAKER. It will go over as unfin-
ished business.
Mr. BEATTY. To come upon Monday?
The SPEAKER. To come up on Monday,
with the contingency of being set aside by
motions to suspend the rules; but on Tuesday
absolutely after the reading of the Journal.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned until
Monday, at eleven o'clock a. m.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of numerous
citizens of the State of Delaware, asking
the prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
tion, and sale of intoxicating liquors to be used
as a beverage in the Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Jones
& Cary, H. B. Metcalf, Fowler & House, and
others, druggists of Montgomery, Alabama,
asking the repeal of that portion of the act of
Congress known as schedule C, by which their
manufactures are taxed by stamps.
By Mr. COBURN : The petition of Jacob
Rusie, company C thirty-third regiment Indiana
volunteers, for a pension.
By Mr. DUBLL: The petition of H. P.
Winsor, publisher of the Jordan Transcript,
a newspaper published at Jordan, New York,
praying an amendment of the postal laws so
as to place the publishers of weekly news-
papers upon the same footing.
Also, the petition of Wallace Kelly, pub-
lisher of the Marathon Independent, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. ELY : The petition of the importers
of wines and liquors in New York for a res-
toration of the law allowing a reduction of
duty for leakage and breakage.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of numerous citizens of the State of Ohio,
asking the prohibition of the manufacture,
importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage in the Terri-
tories of the United States and in the District
of Columbia.
By Mr. H1BBARD : The petition of Charles
K. Partridge and others, druggists and per-
fumers, praying the removal of stamp duties
imposed by schedule C.
By Mr. HOLMAN : The petition of Colonel
James Roberts, of Madison, Indiana, praying
the adjustment of his claim for services in the
Indian war in Oregon in 1855 and 1856.
By Mr. LAMPORT : The memorial of the
Supreme Council of Templars of Honor and
Temperance of the United States, asking a
commission of inquiry concerning the result
of the traffic in intoxicating liquors, &c.
By Mr. SIIOBER : The^ petition of the In-
dependent Order of Good Templars and State
Temperance Alliance of the State of Oregon,
signed by their officers, asking the prohibition
of the manufacture, importation, and sale of
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and in
the District of Columbia.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of the Independent Order of
Good Templars of West Grove Lodge, Penn-
sylvania, asking the prohibition of the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage in the Terri
tories of the United States and in the District
of Columbia.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 17, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Jour-
nal of the proceedings of Saturday last was
dispensed with.
s. p. JOCEIjyn.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a message from the House
of Representatives returning, in obedience to
the request of the Senate, the bill (H. R. N'o.
2704) for the relief of S. P. Jocelyn. This
request was made on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] he
having entered a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, after looking into
the matter, to withdraw the motion I made to
reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, leave will be granted to withdraw
the motion to reconsider. The bill therefore
stands as passed.
klias c. boudinot.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the House of Representa-
tives, requesting a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment ot
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the
relief of Elias C. Boudinot.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,]
