104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. op Reps.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
WHO PAID AND SUFFERED THE COTTON TAX ?
Did the consumer pay it, or the producer,
or both? And if both, then in what propor-
tions respectively? A demonstoably correct
answer to this inquiry may not be attainable.
But I am fully persuaded that it admits of a
reasonably certain answer. There is no spe-
cial mystery about it, and its solution turns
upon a few general facts connected with the
gross product of cotton in our country, the
proportion of it consumed in the United States,
the proportion exported, and the cotton sup-
ply of the world. During the years of the
cotton tax, 1866, 1867, and 1868, the supply
of cotton throughout the world was insufficient
for the demand and prices were very high.
But the product increased during those years,
and therefore the price declined. I tabulate
the product and the average prices in our
country for those years for more convenient
statement, and I do this from official sources:
m . , 1866. 1867. 1868.
Total product for year,
bales 2,218,297 2,329,053 2,622,681
Average price per pound,
currency 42 7-10c. 30c. 20c.
Average price per pound,
sea island, currency.... 88 l-5o. 64 3-5c. 601-2c.
This result is very suggestive. When the
tax was imposed, and the cost of production
was thereby practically increased, why did the
prices of the cotton steadily decline? If the tax
was added by the producer to the previous
cost of production, there should have been
some increase in prices. This would un-
doubtedly have happened if the producer in
our country had the power to regulate the
prices, or had any effective control over them.
If he had no such power or control, why not?
Let us take some more figures as a basis for
further reflection. I now tabulate the portion
of our cotton crops in the years of the tax,
which was consumed in the United States,
giving the amount consumed in the North and
in the South, respectively, and the proportion
of the whole crop of each year consumed in
our own country :
Amount* conmmed ill United States for yearn endinfj
June 30.
18>>7. 1868.
600,0,10 831,281
80,266 81,385
770,266 915,666
1866.
North, bales  591,000
Houih, bales  71,810
Total in United States,
bales  665,840
Percentage of whole crop consumed in theUnited
States: m 1866, 30; m 1867, 33: in 1868, 37.
These results are still more impressive and
instructive than those I gave a moment ago.
It appears now that our entire country fur-
nishes a market for only about one third of
our cotton crops. Our annual surplus,, or
excess of production over consumption, is
therefore sixty-six per cent, of the whole
crop. Where does this vast amount find a
market? In Liverpool, Manchester, London,
Europe, the great cotton-using centers of the
world. What determines prices in those
markets? It is not our surplus alone, but the
aggregate supply of the cotton from all the
cotton-growing countries of the earth, and the
relation between that supply and the demand
in those great markets. The price of the ag-
gregate supply of the world is there fixed by
the law of supply and demand ; it, is there
adjusted also to each quality or variety accord-
ing to relative merit and relative scarcity or
abundance.
We produce so much, and have such vast
excess over domestic consumption. that our
producers cannot hold their excess, or in any
sense control or monopolize the prices either
at home or abroad. The great markets of the
world always regulate prices for the small
ones with which they are in direct commercial
relations, because it is toward the former tbat
every surplus in local production constantly
gravitates. It thus comes to pass, under the
laws of commerce and exchange, that prices
are practically determined 'by the surplus of
local production beyond local demand where
that surplus exceeds the domestic consumption.
When we apply_ these principles to the real
condition of our "cotton production it becomes
at once apparent, from the known operation
of general laws upon the given conditions of
fact, that our cotton-growers were powerless
to protect themselves in any way whatever
against this cotton tax. They had to pay it,
that was all. They could not add it to the
price of their cotton because they had no
power to fix that price: it was regulated for
them by others and in foreign markets.
The price of their crops was not affected by
the tax, either by increase or reduction. It
was therefore to them absolute loss. No part
of it was or could be charged up against the
consumer. It never came back to them in
any manner or form. These truths demonstrate
the cruel impolicy of ever imposing such a tax.
No other subject of taxation in the long list
of our country's productions can be found on
which such a tax would operate with such
oppressive results. An equivalent tax on
wheat, or rye, or corn, or petroleum, or lead,
or coal, or any such products, would be much
less onerous or injurious to the persons en-
gaged in the production of the taxed com-
modities. The ratio between the gross prod-
uct of these things in our country and the
amount consumed here is entirely different
from the case of cotton. To illustrate this
truth by way of juxtaposition, I will tabulate
the aggregate product of our country in ce-
reals during the cotton tax years, and the
domestic consumption, and the amount ex-
ported, and the percentage of exportation to
domestic consumption. In the general name
of cereals I include barley, corn, oats, rye,
wheat, and buckwheat.
Total production, vonmtiwtiojri, and exportation of
ccrcaU in the United Statci.
1866. 1867. 1868.
11 ugh els 1,312.227,953 1,.">2:1,729,-100 1,459.758,900
Bushols 1,308,763,983 1,296,917,781 1,410,577,390
Bushels 35.463.975 32,811,616 40,181.510
Peicoiitage of exports lo whole production: in 1866,
2 6-10; in 1867, 21; in 186s, 2 8-10.
Thus it is demonstrated that the cereal pro-
ductions exceeded the consumption in our
own country by the most trifling percentage,
and that the percentage of the whole cereal
crops which was exported is utterly inconsid-
erable in comparison with the percentage of
the cotton crops which was exported. There-
fore, the laws of trade and commerce would
affect the producers of the cereals very differ-
ently and very much less oppressively if the
same rate of taxation had been imposed upon
them that was upon cotton.
But, it maybe assumed by intelligent gentle-
men who have not examined the subject that
the comparison of cereal products with the
cotton should not group all the cereals, but
should rather embrace only wheat, which is
our chief cereal export. There is some rea-
son for noting the difference between wheat
and the other products of our soil. I there-
fore now tabulate that product, for the same
years, giving the total production of wheat,
the amount exported, both in grain and in
flour, estimating the barrel of flour at five
bushels of the grain, and the percentage of
export to total production :
Total production 1866. 1867. 1868.
of wheat, in
bushols  151,199,906 212,441,400 224,036,600
Export in grain,
bushels  5,611,270 6,192,371 16,133,192
Export in flour,
reduced to bush-
els  11,155,250 7,727,855 10,431,415
Total export ii:
bushels  10767,520 13,920,226 26,561,607
Percentage of export to total production: in 1866,
11; in 1867,; in 1868, 11.
Thus it becomes apparent that, even if you
limit the test to wheat,, the result is substan-
tially the same ; the export is but a small pro-
portion of the total productio.n.
Being most anxious to attain the utmost
approximation to the exact truth in reference
to the effect of the cotton tax, the sub-com-
mittee of the Ways and Means, to whom the
subject was referred by tbat committee for
investigation, and of which sub-committee I
was a member, requested the opinions of sev-
eral exceedingly intelligent cotton manufac-
turers, among wlioul were Kdward Atkinson,
esq., and B. F. Nourse, esq., of Boston, on
the proper answer to be made to the inquiry,
''Who paid and suffered by the cotton tax?"
For reasons satisfactory to themselves they
both oppose the repayment of the tax, but
each of them gavo us a very frank and instruct-
ive statement to the effect that the tax was paid
and suffered by the cotton producers, and did
not affect the market prices of the cotton. I
shall take the liberty to incorporate in my
remarks the very clear and forcible views of'
Mr. Nourse at length. It is not improper for
me here to state, what many gentlemen now in
Congress will remember, that Mr. Nourse con-
tributed most effectively, both by his pen and
by personal efforts, to accomplish the repeal
of this tax. I read from his statement:
" When the revenue commissioners recommonded
to Congress (tho session of 1865-66) an impost or
revenue tax on cotton of fivu cents per pound, their
report being followod by a tax of three cents, the
price of middling cotton was about lifty cents per
pound. ISy December, 1867, tho prico had fallen to
fifteen cents m New York. At both periods alike
the price was made at Liverpool. That price was
independent of tho cost of production. To the con-
sumer it mattered not, at the time, whether that
cost to the planter was ton cents or fifty cents, nor
what constituted that cost, whether it included a
revenue tax ot three or ten cents, or none at all.
The cotton was worth a, certain price to tho con-
sumer, which, irrespective of cost of production,
fso far ns the cotton in market was concerned,) was
determined by, and in relation to, the uses for it,
and tho value of cotton elsewhere produced a,nd
offered in the same market. The American cotton
bore a prico in Europe, or on shipboard for Europe,
that was fixed by circumstances wholly external to
our country, except as affected by more quantity of
our exportable production. The price was not in-
fluenced by the fact, either way, tbat tho cotton
had or ha,d not p.; id a tax. The foreign consumer
there did not pay the tax. The price of tho season's
crop was fixed, as it always is, by the price of tho
oxportod portion. It follows that tho prioo of the
cotton which was consumed in our own mills at
home Was also determined irrespective of the tax
or any other element of its cost, up to the delivery
on shipboard. Oar manufacturers then did not pay
the tax; or when in form they did, they did not
suffer the tax, but abated it from the price paid the
planter.
"Clearly and beyond any question the burden of
the tax fell upon the producer. It so fell as truly
as did theeost of any process in the production or in
the marketing of tho cotton, to which the payment
of the tax was a condition-precedent. Had it not
been, the price would have been borne by the tax
to be paid by the exporter, for the price, including
all costand expenses to thoconsumcr, was primarily
adjusted by circumstances beyond reach of any of
tho elements in that total cost. 'l'ho tax, like all
other elements ot cost, had an influence ux>on the
production of the next and succeeding years: as
good profns stimulate ao expansion ol, and small
profits or loss diminish, the etToits for production.
Ho tho cotton tax worked indirectly an injury to our
cotton mills, in an amount, porhaus, of greater
magnitude than tho tax on the cotton they used;
but that is outside of this question—" Who paid tho
cotton tax ?" The question of fact, whether the
producers paid this tax from profits or as an aggra-
vation of losses, is an interesting one, and has been
elsewhere answered by the writer; but that, too, is
outside of the question now discussed.
"Our exportable productions are chiefly of food,
raw materials, and these article*, in the fii::t and
most simple form of manufacture. Produced in ex-
cess of our own wants, the surplus goes abroad to
meet, in foreign markets the competition of like
artielos produced in other countries. Tlie price of tho
aggregate supply of the world i,-. there fixed by the
law of supply and demand, adjusted to each quality
or variety. according to rel ativo ulerit and relative
scarcity or abundance. All our productions are-
brought ir. subjection to this adjustment by the com-
mercial world whenever the surplus of any of them
exceeds our ability to hold it profitably at home.
Cotton is notably subject to this law. Had it been
possible tt. make it exceptional the opportunity ex-
isted in the scarcity caused by our war, and in tho
