1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage ; and
I should like very much to have it put upon its
passage now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3860) for the relief of William Ruther-
ford, of Washington, submitted an adverse
report, which was ordered to be printed ; and
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WRIGHT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3875) for
the relief of Christopher Weidner, Henry Heg-
wer, Moise Bellmard, Louis Paschall, Aaron
Grigsby, Harvey L. Bickford, and Thomas
Stanley, composing the firm of Bickford &
Stanley, claiming compensation for depreda-
tions to their property by Indians, have in-
structed me to report it back. We find that
the bill contemplates that there is to be so
much money paid to these persons out of the
Treasury of the United States, and not with-
held from any annuity due the Indians. Inas-
much as we are opposed to the bill in its form,
and should recommend its indefinite postpone-
ment in this shape, I am instructed to report
it back with a recommendation that, it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, so
that it may be examined by them ; and if they
find that annuities are due to these Indians,
they can consider the question of the propri-
ety of paying for these depredations out of
such annuities or any sum that may be due
these Indians. At present I only report the
bill back and ask that the Committee on
Claims be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported an amendment to the bill (H.
R. No. 3095) to promote education in the
several Territories ; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BORBMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3513) for the relief of Dr. W. J. C. Du-
hamel, reported it without amendment; and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed. . .
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
3861) for the relief of Thomas E. Tutt & Co.,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 98) for the relief of Lieutenant John
Shelton, reported it without amendment; and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3615) donat-
ing condemned cannon and cannon-balls to
the Wyoming County Soldiers1 Monument
Association, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1526) for the
relief of Kreel & Miller, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3859) for the relief of William Selden,
reported it without amendment; and submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom was referred a
petition of the Pioneer Society ^ of Detroit,
Michigan, praying for the collection and pub-
lication of historical information relative to
the early discoveries in the Northwest, asked
to be discharged from its further considera
tion : which was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. The same committee, to
whom were referred the bill (S. No. 14Q) to
aid in establishing and supporting public
schools in the States lately in rebellion ; the
bill (S.'No. 430) granting public lands to the
District of Columbia for the support of public
schools; a memorial of the Legislature of New
Mexico in favor of an appropriation for schools
in that Territory; a, petition of the Reform
League praying for the establishment of a
national system of public schools; a petition
of citizens of North Carolina, praying for the
passage of the educational bill; and a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of North Carolina in
favor of the passage of an act to establish an
educational fund, have requested me to report
them back and ask to be discharged from
their further consideration, inasmuch as the
committee have reported a bill on the general
subject.
Senate bills No. 146 and No. 430 were in-
definitely postponed ; and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of
the petitions and memorials.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3024) to provide for the
better education of the indigent blind in the
District of Columbia, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. .No. 1548) to aid the
Lelatid University and Augusta Institute, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 7) to grant to
the State of Missouri all the public lands
within the State remaining undisposed of, for
the benefit of the public school fund of said
State, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HAKLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 3919.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is not yet concluded, and it will
require unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have a resolution to
offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3719) granting a pension to Ephraim
Hunt, submitted an adverse report which was
ordered to be printed; and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT. I ask on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Claims that they be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition ol
Samuel Jefferson, of New Orleans, for com-
pensation for property taken possession ol by
the United States forces during the war, and
in his behalf I move that an order be entered
that he be allowed to withdraw his papers
from the files.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 2459) restoring to the pension-
roll the name of Margaret L. Bybee, to report
it back with an amendment, and I ask for the
immediate consideration of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. As I have made a request
to have a bill taken up, I shall have to object
on account of having made a similar motion
prior to the honorable Senator. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
""Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1777) for the relief of P. W. Stan-
defer, reported it without amendment; and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
^Hefalso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. .119) to
authorize the Secretary of War to survey, plat,
and sell the present cemetery grounds upon
the Fort Gratiot military reservation in
Michigan, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1774) for the
relief of J. W. Holliday, reported it without
amendment; and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1428) for the
relief of John L. Bullard, reported it without
amendment; and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (£1. 11. No. 2703) author-
izing the Secretary of War to furnish a dupli-
cate certificate of discharge where the same
has been lost, reported it without amendment;
and submitted a report, which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1278) for the
relief of James L. Henry, reported adversely
thereon ; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. LOGAN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company with this
statement: that the committee instruct me to
present the hill to the Senate for its consid-
eration without any recommendation either for
or against it, and to ask that the evidence
taken before the committee, or rather the
statements submitted by the President of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, Mr. Stan-
ford, and a gentleman from California, Mr.
McRuer, which statements were taken down
in short-hand by Mr. Murphy, the reporter of
the Senate, he published and laid on the tables
of Senatois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar without any recom-
mendation of the committee. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the accompanying
statements be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
KKPORT ON MINING STATISTICS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a concurrent resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives to print additional copies ot the
report on mining statistics, to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pass-
age, and 1 ask for its present, consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives:
Rciuhnl, (the Senate concurring.) That there l>o
printed oi tho report of the United States commis-
sioner of mining statistics, with the accompanying
engravings, seventy-two hundred ana titty copies,
of which four thousand copies shall be lor the use
of the House of Representatives, two thousand tor
the Senate, one thousand for the Treasury Depart-
jnent, and two hundred and fifty lor the Commis-
sioner.
Mr. THURMAN. When is it expected
that these documents will be published ?
Mr. ANTHONY. We expect that the doc-
uments that are ordered will he published by
the 15th of June, or else I presume the Com-
mitt,eft on Printing will recommend that the
order to print them be rescinded.
Mr. THURMAN. How are they to be dis-
tributed to the people?
Mr. ANTHONY. Through the Senators
and Representatives.
Mr. THURMAN. How? In what way /
The franking privilege is abolished.
Mr. ANTHONY. They are to be dis-
tributed through the mails._ The franking
privilege does not expire until tho 1st ol Juiv
and this report will be printed by the 1st ot
June. ,, ,
Mr. THURMAN. And are all the: Sen-
ators and Representatives to come to Wash-
ington to frank all these documents that we
have ordered ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir; you are to leave
here the labels with the names and iranks upon
them, to be put on in the documentroom.
Mr THURMAN. It strikes me it would
