1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
42d Cong 3d Sess.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Heps.
years 1865 to 1868, when the portion of American crops
reaching Europe was far below the want. As it be-
came deficient in supply two forces came into action:
first, price, which rose until other cottons,, however
inferior in usefulness to the American, became rel-
atively cheaper to use, when, second, substitution
came in. Any extensive change irom the preferred
American to other sorts_ is always attended with
much expense in the adjustment of machinery for
it and in the cost of labor and depreciation of the
goods produced. There is a point of difference in
price at which, whenever it is reached, the substitu-
tion occurs. Widely done during our war, it has
been done on a smaller scale repeatedly since, and
it is probably true that such a change is in progress
at the present time.
"When cotton of all kinds gets too high, so high as
to leave a continual loss to the great body of its
consumers, the remedy is reduced consumption or
' short time,' and stopping of mills. If any havo
doubted where and by whom the prices of our ex-
ported productions, our larger ones, are detei mined
for us, the doubt can be removed by observations
of the facts familiar to merchants. The elements
of adjustment are, of course, supply and demand,
and these in turn are affected by price. Enough
has been said probably to make it clear that what-
ever tax or element of cost shall be laid upon any
article that the foreigner would take of us, and of
which we have not a monopoly, must be paid by the
producer of that article, whether the production -be
attended with profit or loss, and that the people who
produced the cotton which was taxed in 1866,1807,
and 1868, paid and suffered the loss of the tax."
I feel, therefore, constrained by the force
both of facts and reason, to conclude that the
cotton tax was both paid and finally suffered
by the producers alone, and that the latter had
no power to distribute it to any extent what-
ever upon the consumers of the cotton, and
that in these respect.s , owing to the facts and
laws to which I have referred, it is entirely un-
like any other tax now or heretofore imposed
by the United States. The correctness of my
conclusion on this point is further verified by
the practical experience of all the dealers in
raw cotton. They are compelled, in fixing
prices and making sales, from day to day 10
consult, not the markets of New York, New
Orleans, Memphis, or Boston, but the daily
quotations from Liverpool.
The prices in all the business centers of our
country, either for buying and selling, or for
manufacturing, are thus daily determined
abroad. It is a fact that admits of the most
conclusive and authentic proof, that during
much of the time the tax was enforced much
of the cotton sold for absolutely less than it
cost the planters to produce it. The tax was,
therefore, grossly oppressive, and affected
production most injuriously. If it had been
continued a few years it would have tended
strongly, if not fatally, to destroy our leader-
ship as a cotton-producing country, and to
deprive us of the incalculable advantages which
result to our entire country, in its commercial
and financial interests, from the great extent of
our cotton export and its indispensable aid in
the adjustment of our exchanges and balances
with other nations. It should never be for-
gotten that we enjoy no monopoly of cotton-
growing—other countries can produce it also
in vast quantities—and the superior excellence
of our cotton is not alone sufficient to give us
command of foreign markets.
Cotton can be raised in greater or less quan-
tities between the parallels of forty degrees
north and thirty-six degrees south latitude, and
under every meridian where land is uplifted
from the sea ; and, with the exception of
merely local incompatibilities, near half of the
entire body of cultivatable earth is capable of
its production. Sound policy, humanity, and
statesmanship, therefore, concur to demand
that the production of cotton in our country
shall not be crippled or discouraged by un-
friendly and oppressive legislation. It should
be left as free as possible from ail intermed-
dling ; and then it would speedily attain its
maximum of success and power, and the whole
country would gather most important and valu-
able advantages from its prosperity. The
statesmanship which imposed this tax origin-
ally was most unwise, and seems to have been
inspired by "a ha'penny worth of wisdom to a
pound of folly."
SHOULD THE TAX, OK ANY PART OF IT, BE REFUNDED?
Mr. Speaker, I now come to the last in-
quiry which I propose to consider in con-
nection with this subject. My answer may be
correctly anticipated from what I have already
said. It logically results from my argument
that there is no legal obligation resting upon
the Government to refund to the producers
all the tax collected. That portion of it which
was paid upon cotton sold and consumed in
the United States, never exported, should not
be refunded to the producers. But I have
shown from official statistics that about sixty-
six per cent, of each year's crop was in
fact exported, and I think I have established
by authority and argument that the tax on that
portion was a tax on exports from the States,
and was therefore unconstitutional, and that
that tax was borne and suffered solely by the
producers. Is the Government, then, under
either a legal or equitable obligation to refund
the latter tax ?
If, under our Constitution and laws, the
United States suffered themselves to be sued
in the proper courts of the country, by the
citizens who held pecuniary demands against
the Government, 1 believe that the producers,
or other persons, who owned, paid the tax
upon, and then exported the cotton, could
legally recover the amountof the tax, if a draw-
back or repayment of the same were refused at
the time of the actual exportation. But such an
action is not permitted'by the Government. It
would, of course, be necessary for the claim-
ant, on whom the burden of proof would rest,
to show that he, or those under whom he held
title, had m fact paid the tax on the identical
cotton being exported.
The tax should have been refunded at the
time of exportation. It is my judgment,
therefore, that the producers of that portion
of our cotton crops of the years I860,1807, and
1868, upon which the tax was in fact assessed and
paid, and which was afterward exported, have
a clear equitable claim upon the Government
for the repayment to them of the amount of
such tax. To make good this claim in behalf
of the individual producers would require the
latter by proof to follow the cotton to and
identify it at the points of actual exportation,
or show that it was in fact exported. This
might bo utterly impracticable in many cases.
I do not now see how it could be done.
I have no data upon which to base an intel-
ligent opinion. But it seems to me that in the
course of transportation from the place of
growth to the seaboard inextricable confusion
of the products of different planters must have
resulted. Indeed, the refuuding in any view
and upon any construction of the law, and
whether of the whole or only a part of the tax,
would inevitably be attended with almost insur-
mountable difficulties. If ever repaid, it should
only be to those who lost it—the producers.
But many thousands of them are dead, and
others have changed their places of abode,
and their relations to the places of the pro-
duction. Many of them are white men, own-
ers of the cotton plantations, or share tenants,
and many are colored men of feeble memory
and capacity.
In any effort to do justice to all these people,
the utmost care should be exercised to guard
them against the merciless exactions of mid-
dlemen, and to protect them and the Treasury
and the country against the operations of the
lobby. I am unalterably resolved never to
countenance by my votes or action in this
House any measures which will favor the
schemes of the lobby at the expense of the
people. None of the bills now on our files
proposing the refunding of this cotton tax
are so framed as to meet my views of the
duty of Congress. lean see no practicable
or safe mode of disposing of the subject, except
by its reference to the courts of the United
States for judicial determination of the claims
upon the principles to which I have referred.
It may be urged that even if my construc-
tion of the Constitution and law be accepted,
still the tax was so exceptionally unequal, sec-
tional, and oppressive, .that it ought all to be
repaid to those who suffered it. But I do not
think so. It will not do -to repay taxes on
such grounds. The adoption of such a policy
would speedily deplete the Treasury. Our
statute-books are burdened, and in my judg-
ment dishonored, by taxes that are grossly
unequal and more or less oppressive and sec-
tional. Oar whole system of external duties
on imports is subject to these objections. It
imposes taxes in such manner as to rob the
many for the benefit of the favored classes.
If the people desire to reform such wrongs and
abuses, they must choose more faithful, wise,
and honest Representatives. We have to-day
no Federal tax that may not be justly criticised
for lack of equality in some of its bearings
and influences upon the country, the people,
and their prosperity. -We have not one tax
that is not in some sense more oppressive upon
certain classes than upon others. If we would
entirely eliminate all these evils and imper-
fections from our systems of taxation, we must
henceforth see to it that ourtaxesare imposed
for revenue aloue and with constant relation to
the ability of the taxpayer to pay.
But it may be further urged that since I find
that the tax on exported cotton was unconsti-
tutional, and that about sixty-six per cent,
of the taxed cotton crops was exported, I
ought, therefore to be willing to assume that
sixty-six per cent, of each producer's crop
was exported, and wa,ive the necessity of any
proof of actual exportation and pay to each
producer sixty-six per cent, of the tax upon
his cotton crop on mere proof of the amount
of liis crop, without more. Remarkable and
unprecedented, as this proposition is, I might
still be willing to adopt it if cotton were the
only article of export in our country that has
been compelled to pay an excise tax, and that
has been denied a rebate or drawback of the
tax when the article was exported. But it is
not. There are hundreds of subjects of taxa-
tion, which were also to a greater or less
extent articles of export, upon which within
the last twelve years, at one period or another,
excise taxes were imposed, and rebate or
drawback of the taxes denied in case of export-
ation. For years, during and after the close
of the war, the great body of the productions
of the country were so taxed. Taxes were
imposed on crude petroleum, and on tobacco in
all forms of manufacture ; on slaughtered
animals; on turpentine; on copper, lead, and
iron in pigs; on manufactures of cotton,
silk, and worsted; and of leather, paper, iron,
steel, lead, tin, copper, zinc, brass, gold, and
silver. When, at length, a drawback was
allowed on some of the taxed articles and
products of the country in case of exporta-
tion, it was the invariable practice of the
Government to demand full and specific proof
of actual exportation as a condition-precedent
to the refunding of any tax.
Can we now safely depart from this rule ?
And if we do so in the interests of the pro-
1 ducers of cotton, can we refuse to do so in the
interests of all other classes against whom the
rebate of taxes was denied under past laws ?
If we do it now, how long will it be before like
claims will be pressed upon the Government
for payment to the extent of many millions
more ? In my judgment, there is neither
safety nor sound policy in adopting such a rule
of action in this case. We must regulate our
conduct in all matters of great public concern
by something like settled and safe general
