1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
be a very much better way not to print them.
I think we had better stop this business of
printing so many documents.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thisis amatterin which
gentlemen from the Pacific eoast have a par-
ticular interest, and I will leave it to them.
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly this is a
very valuable document. It is a document
that the people take a great deal of interest
in. I speak for myself (and I suppose every
Senator can say the same thing) that I get
letters every day asking for a copy of Hayden's
report. Every person who takes an interest
in geology or mineralogy writes for a copy of
these reports. But I understood that we were
to stop this business of franking books, that
we were not to lumber up the mails with them
any more. I think we might as well begin
here as anywhere and confine ourselves to
those public documents that are absolutely
indispensable, as the reports of the Depart-
ments.
Mr. COLE. I do not understand that we
have come to any determination to stop the
printing of public documents, but only to stop
their being sent free through the mail under
franks. I think there will be some way found
to distribute these very useful documents the
printing of which is now asked for. They are
called for very frequently by people of all parts
of the country and people from abroad, and I
think it is exceedingly useful to the whole
country that they should be published. I hope
there will be no hesitancy on the part of the
Senate in this case.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would observe
to the Senator from Ohio that the expense of
preparing these works has already been in-
curred, and also that the contracts for carrying
the mails for the year are made; so that it will
cost no more to circulate these books than if
they are not circulated. Therefore I shall
propose, if no one else does, when the Post
Office appropriation bill comes up, that the
law abolishing the franking privilege as to those
books which are already prepared, inasmuch
as it will be no additional expense to the Gov-
erment, shall be postponed until the 1st of
January. There certainly is no such merit in
this abolition of the franking privilege that we
need deprive the people of the benefit of these
publications wheu they ean have them without
any additional expense to the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish again to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that the
English Governnnent have settled this question
in a very practical and sensible way, which
has resulted in great profit to the Government
and has distributed information in a much
better way. They publish weekly—I had a
specimen here the other day—a little pamphlet
showing the price of all public documents from
a half penny up to five pounds sterling, the
net cost of those documents, and the returns
of the post office department show that the
people themselves sending for the documents
to the public printer get about the usual num-
ber that had been formerly distributed in the
way that we have been accustomed to distribute
them. The abolition of the franking privilege
has not stopped the distribution of documents
through the mail at all, but persons who de-
sired them have sent to the public printer,
inclosing half a penny, or one penny, or five
pounds sterling, for varioijs documents, aijd
they have been distributed in that way. A
member of Parliament has to pay in the same
w'iy as any other citizen. I introduced the
other day a resolution on this subject and had
it referred to the Committee on Printing, and
1 think i also sent the document to which I
refer with it for the purpose of illustration, to
show that these books ought to be printed and
distributed in this way.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Ifsuchameas-
ure is introduced so that we can have the ben-
efit of it during the current year, then let the
franking privilege remain dead as it is ; other-
wise, I certainly would extend it.
Mr. THURMAN. There may be some
mode devised, and I have no doubt there will
be some mode devised, for distributing public
documents—those that are proper to be dis-
tributed ; but in respect to that, I think if it is
left to the people to send here an order at their
own expense, a good many of the documents
that we publish will never be ordered. I
think in respect to others that there would be
a hundred orders where one could be filled,
and I think it would be pretty difficult to
arrange any system by which the documents
could be published in sufficient numbers to
meet the demand. For instance, this report
of Raymond's, if it can be obtained by the
people by sending the postage necessary to
send it through the mails 
Mr. SHERMAN. The postage and the net
cost.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, the postage and
the net cost, you will have to publish a much
larger edition than is proposed.
I think here is as good an opportunity to
test whether the Senate intend to continue the
book-making business or not, as can arise.
Here is a report that is valuable ; here is a
book that every member of the Senate would
like to send to intelligent constituents in his
State ; men who would appreciate it; a report
by a very able man, and a very good report as
I am told by those who have looked into it.
It is a very good opportunity, therefore, to test
whether the Senate will proceed in this book-
making business since the abolition of the
franking privilege. I think that until some
other mode shall be adopted by which these
documents can be disseminated, if it is advis-
able to adopt any mode at all, the best way is
to stop the printing, and for the purpose of
testing the sense of the Senate upon it I ask
for the yeas and nays upon this resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am sorry-thatmy friend
from Ohio, who is usually so judicious as well
as considerate, has drawn his trusty blade of
retrenchment in printing first upon this min-
ing report. A greatdeal that he says is doubt-
les applicable to such a community as he has
in his own State of Ohio, where the popula-
tion is comparatively dense and facilities for
obtaining books and pamphlets are very great.
It has no application, he wiil allow me to say,
or next to none, to such a population as that
for which this book is mainly intended. I
speak of the population lying west of the Rocky
mountains. There is a sparse population, far
from post offices, and still further from book-
sellers' shops. To expect of those people that
' they can dispense without prejudice to their
own interests with the kind of information
which this book gives them, and which can be
made to reach them efficiently only through
the distribution by members of Congress, is to
expect a great deal too much. The book I
believe to be one of peculiar value to the
mining interest, which is so large and indeed
almost exclusively confined to the great dis-
trict of which I am speaking. I hope that the
course suggested by the Senator from Ohio
will not be adopted. Let him commence
upon some other book that is not so essential
to a population situated like that to which I
now refer, and which, unless it can have such
a book as this in this manner, will probably
not get it in any other.
Mr. ANTHONY. The committee have no
sort of preference about this matter; what-
ever the Senate chooses to do will be very
satisfactory to us; but it strikes me it is ex-
ceedingly bad economy to go to the expense
of preparing all these statistics, making all
these investigations and inquiries, and then
not print the information. The book is all
prepared. If it is not desirable to print such
books in the future, then we should not go to
the expense of preparing them. This reso-
lution should have passed long ago, and I
thought it had passed; but the copy that came
from the House of Representatives was mis-
laid, owing to my own carelessness, in my desk,
and therefore it is brought up at this late day;
otherwise it would have been brought up a
month ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thukman] demands the yeas
and nays on agreeing to this resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask when are
these boobs to be ready for distribution?
Mr. ANTHONY. On the 1st of June.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 12 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man", Brownlow, Caldwell, Casserly, Chandler, Clay-
ton. Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Davis, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, FrelinKhuysen,
Gilbert, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, Trum-
bull, Vickers, Wilson, Windom, and "Wright—40.
NAYS—Messrs.- Penton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Machen.
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Pratt, Bice, Steven-
son, Thurman, and Tipton—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Blair, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cragin, Goldthwaite, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hill, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Os-
born, Patterson, Ransom, Robertson, Sprague, Stock-
ton, Sumner, and West—21.
So the resolution was adopted.
amendatory bankrupt act.
Mr. POOL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3702) to declare the true
intent and meaning of the act approved June
8, 1872, amendatory of the general bankrupt
law, to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage. It is a bill to declare
the meaning of an act passed at the last ses-
sion to amend the bankrupt law, applying to
some of the southern States, and I ask that it
be put on its passage now.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. DAVIS. What committee does this
bill come from?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a House
bill reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think the
bill had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut desires the bill to be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Con-
necticut withdraw his objection to the bill?
It is a bill in which my constituents are very
much interested, and I should be very much
obliged to him if he would withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I certainly
should be unwilling to have a bill of the tenor
of that which has just been read passed with-
out some consideration, because I believe the
bill, in attempting by the legislative depart-
ment to give judicial construction to a statute,
is an absurdity? Moreover, the effect of the
bill, if passed, is necessarily to relate back
and give construction to a former statute upon
which proceedings in the courts may be now
pending and suits may be pending that may
be affected by placing this sort of legislative
construction upon a statute which has been in
existence for some years.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the object of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut objects.
Mr. POQL. I am very sure if the Senator
from Connecticut really understood what the
bill is he would not object. It does not have
the effect that he seems tq suppose it has. It is
not based upon a construction of the law, but
the trouble arises from the fact that they fol-
low the decision of the State courts in applying
the bankrupt law. That certainly was not
meant by the last act of Congress amending
the bankrupt law, and it affects those persons
who have homesteads at stake in proceedings
in bankruptcy. While the bill is general in its
terms, it really in effect only applies to some
of the southern States. I am very sure that
it ought to be passed, and that no one who
thoroughly understood it could have any objec-
