106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Union Pacific Railroad—Report.
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
rules, or we will soon find ourselves at sea
and the Treasury depleted.
And here, Mr. Speaker, 1 mighs stop and
say no more ; but a sense of duty impels me
further to say that I condemned and opposed
this unjust and oppressive tax in its origin,
and aided to accomplish its repeal at the ear-
liest practicable moment, because I never
doubted that it was a tax unfit to be imposed,
unkind, unequal, sectional, and almost merci-
less. The whole system was wrong in policy,
hurtful to the people and the Government, and
tainted with the evil motives of ungenerous
power. It rested with cruel hardship upon
people already crippled and impoverished.
All other taxes during the same years assessed
by the Federal Government, save only the
income tax, were charged up by those who
first paid them to the cost of their productions
and were finally paid and suffered by the con-
sumers of their commodities, of whom the
poor people of the South were a part. But
this cotton tax was an irremediable burden,
against which there was no relief or escape,
and it was shared by nobody; it was bread
snatched from their hands with no hope of
return. No such indefensible tax was ever
before exacted in our country. To me it is a
source of sincere and profound regret that I
cannot consistently with convictions and safe
principles of action find some more efficient
mode of relief. But I cannot, and I am not
willing to adopt a mode that will establish
additional vicious, precedents and endanger
the interests of the whole country.
Union Pacific Railroad.
REPORT
OF THE
Select Committee to Investigate the Alleged
Credit Mobilier Bribery.
The select committee appointed under the
resolution of the House of January 6, 1873,
to make inquiry in relation to the affairs of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, the
Credit Mobilier of America, and other mat-
ters specified in said resolution and in other
resolutions referred to said committee, now
submit to the House the following report as to
a portion of the matters therein :
By the statutes of July 1, 1862, and July
2, 1864, which, for most of the purposes of
this discussion, may be treated as a single act,
Congress created a corporation to be known
as the Union Pacific Railroad Company, with
authority to construct and maintain a railroad
and telegraph from a point on the one hun-
dredth meridian of longitude west from
Greenwich to the western boundary of Nevada
Territory, upon a route and on the terms spe-
cified, there to connect with another road
largely endowed by the Government, so as to
form a continuous line of railroad from the
Missouri river to the navigable waters of the
Sacramento river in California, and thereby
to unite the railroad system of the eastern
States with that of California, strengthen the
bonds of union between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts, develop the immense resources
of the great central portion of the North
American continent, and create a new route
for commerce from the Atlantic and Europe
to the Pacific and Asia.
By an act passed July 3, 1866, the company
was authorized to locate and construct its road
from Omaha, in Nebraska, without reference
to the original initial point at the one hundredth
meridian. To aid in accomplishing these vast
results, the corporation was clothed by the Gov-
ernment with a proportionally vast endow-
ment. The right of way through the public
laud, the Government undertaking to remove
all Indian titles for a space of two hundred feet
in width on each side of its entire route—the
right of eminent domain to appropriate neces-
sary private land space for depots, turn-outs,
&c.—public lands to the amount of ten alter-
nate sections per mile within the limits of
twenty miles on each side of said road were
given to this corporation.
It was further provided that upon the certifi-
cate of three commissioners, appointed by the
President, of the completion and equipment of
every section of twenty consecutive miles of said
railroad and telegraph in accordance with the
provisions of the act, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury should issue to the corporation bonds of the
United States of $1,000 each,payable in thirty
years after date, with interest at the rate of six
per cent, per annum, payable semi-annually, to
the amount of $16,000 per mile for a portion
thereof, and $32,000 per mile for a portion, and
$48,000 per mile for a portion. These bonds
were to be a loan to the corporation. To secure
their repayment the act of 1862 provides that
their issue shall, ipso facto, constitute a first
mortgage on the whole property of the com-
pany. This lien was, by the act of 1864, sub-
ordinated to a jnortgage executed by the cor-
poration to secure its own bonds for an amount
equal to the amount issued by the Government,
as aforesaid. Pursuant to these provisions, the
company has received from the Government
bonds to the amount of $27,236,512, and has
issued its own bonds to the amount of $27,-
213,000. The corporation has also received,
by patients issued, 654,419 acres of the public
lands, leaving about 11,345,580 acres not yet
patented, embraced in the grant. It has issued
bonds called land-grant bonds, to the amount
of $10,400,000. These land-grant bonds are
secured by a deed of trust executed to John
Duff and Cyrus McCorinick, covering all the
lands embraced in the grant.
It has also issued what are called income
bonds to the amount of $9,355,000. These
bonds are secured by a pledge of the income
of the road to three trustees, Benjamin E.
Bates, John Ii. Duff, and F. Gordon Dexter.
It has also issued stock to the amount of
$36,762,300. It has also taken possession of
and is enjoying the land needed for its way,
turn-outs, stations, &c.
It will thus be seen that all that the Govern-
ment stipulated to do in aid of this enterprise
has been done.
The aid thus afforded by the Government
was accompanied with precise directions as to
the proceedings of those to whom it was in-
trusted, and Congress endeavored to provide
sufficient safeguards to secure the faithful
performance of their trust. It was provided
that the capital stock should bo paid in in
money. In relation to this the act is em-
phatic and unmistakable. There were to be
ten directors, each of whom must be the bona
fide owner of five shares of the capital stock.
The act of 1862 provided that the shares should
be of the par value of $1,000 each, of which
not more than two hundred should be owned
by any one person. This was changed by the
act of 1864, so that the shares might be held in
small quantities, and the par value was fixed
at one hundred instead of one thousand dol-
lars. Both acts provided that the stock should
be actually paid in full in money, in assessments
of not less than five per cent., at such inter-
vals, not to exceed six months, as should be
determined by the directors.
The interests of the Government were to
be especially protected by five Government
directors appointed by the President, one of
whom should be a member of every standing
and special committee. Annual reports were
required to be made to the Secretary of the
Treasury, setting forth the names and residence
of the stockholders and officers, the amount of
stock subscribed, the amount of stock paid in,
the indebtedness of the road, and its receipts.
The claim of the Government to a reim-
bursement for the loan of its bonds was secured
by a second mortgage or lien upon the road by
the obligation to apply at least five per cent,
of the net earnings after the road is finished
thereto; and whenever the net earnings of the
road amounted to ten per cent, of the cost,
Congress reserved the right to legislate for the
reduction of the fares ; and, if unreasonable in
amount, to fix and establish the same by law;
and further reserved the power, having due
regard to the rights of the corporation , to add
to, alter, amend, or repeal the act.
The purpose of the whole act was expressly
declared to be "to promote the public inter-
est and welfare by the construction of said
railroad and telegraph line, and keeping the
same in working order, and to secure to the
Government at all times, but particularly in
time of war, the use and benefit of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes."
Your committee cannot doubt that it was
the purpose of Congress in all this to provide
for something more than a mere gift of so
much land, and a loan of so many bonds on
the one side, and the construction and equip-
ment of so many miles of railroad and tele-
graph on the other.
The United States was not a mere creditor,
loaning a sum of money upon mortgage. The
railroad corporation was not a mere contractor,
bound to furnish a specified structure and
nothing more. The law createdabody politic
and corporate, bound, as a trustee, so to manage
this great public franchise and endowments
that not only the security for the great debt
due the United States should not be impaired,
but so that there should be ample resources
to perform its great public duties in time of
commercial disaster and in time of war.
This act was not passed to further the per-
sonal interests of the corporators, nor for the
advancement of commercial interests, nor for
the convenience of the general public alone ;
but in addition to these the interests, present
and future, of the Government as such were
to be subserved. A great highway was to be
created, the use of which for postal, military,
and other purposes was to be secured to the
Government at "all times," but particularly
in time of war. Your committee deem it im-
portant to call especial attention to this de-
clared object of this act, to accomplish which
object the munificent grant of lauds and loan of
the Governmant credit was made. To make
such a highway, and to have it ready at " all
times,'' and "particularly in time of war," to
meet the demands that might be made upon
it; to be able to withstand the loss of busi-
ness and other casualties incident to war and
still to perform for the Government such
reasonable service as might under such cir-
cumstances be demanded, required a strong
solvent corporation, and when Congress ex-
pressed the object and granted the corporate
powers to carry that object into execution,
and aided the enterprise with subsidies of
lands and bonds, the corporators in whom
these powers were vested and under whose
control these subsidies were placed were, in
the opinion of your committee, under the
highest moral, to say nothing of legal or
equitable obligations, to use the utmost degree
ot good faith toward the Government in the
exercise of the powers and disposition of the
subsidies.
Congress relied for the performance of these
great trusts by the corporators upon their
sense of public duty ; upon the fact that they
were to deal with and protect a large capital of
their own which they were to pay in in money ;
upon the presence of five directors appointed
by the President especially to represent the
public interests, who were to own no stock ;
one of whom should be a member of every
committee, standing or special; upon com-
