1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
tion whatever to it. I hope the Senator from
Connecticut will withdraw his objection and.
let it be put on its passage.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I will with-
draw the objection, and call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not know that I am
opposed to the principle of this bill; but there
are several other bills pending for the amend-
ment of the bankrupt law, and if we go on in
this way the consequence will be that we take
up this matter by piecemeal, and the main and
practical question that is before the Senate
and before the country, as to whether the bank-
rupt law shall remain, will be passed over. I
am not in favor of taking up these bills in this
way, and acting upon them iu the morning
hour, and I am therefore compelled to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa objects to the present consideration
of the bill, and it must be placed on the Cal-
endar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1610) for the more convenient transaction
of business in the district courts of the United
States for the district of Alabama ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1611) granting a pension to Thomas
Reilly, late private company H second United
States infantry; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1612) for the relief of Theodore S. Com-
paret; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1613) for the relief of Minerva Tilley, of North
■Carolina, widow of Durell Tilley, deceased;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
.printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
■consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1614) in relation to the public lands of the
State of Nevada; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON (by request) asked, and by
unanimous conserft obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1615) for the relief of Pat-
rick Sullivan, late a first lieutenant in the
nineteenth regiment of Missouri volunteers ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
BANKRUPTCY EXPENSES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be directed
to procure and report to the Senate at its next De-
cember session complete information of the amounts
of the salaries, compensation, and emoluments ot
the marshals, clerks, registers, and assignees, and
also the established fee bills in bankruptcy Croneed-
ines in all the district courts of the United States
respectively, from the time of the passage of an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout theUnited States, approved
March 2,1867, to the present time, classified so as to
give such information for each separate jear, and
also to obtain and communicate, as aforesaid^ a stat s-
ment of all the bankruptcy causes which have been
entertained in said courts, with their disposition,
and a statement of those now pending.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have
that resolution lie over, that I may look at it
and speak to the Senator about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over. _
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the resolution
be printed.
That order will
The VICE PRESIDENT.
be made.
KANSAS SENATORIAL INVESTIGATION.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to
inquire into the charges of bribery and corruption
in the recent senatorial election in Kansas have
leave to sit during the sessions of the Senate.
COMPENDIUM Of THE CENSUS.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the
Senate copies of the Compendium of the Census
of 1870 in addition to those heretofore ordered.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. HARLAN. I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 3919, to authorize the Presi-
dent to ascertain the value of certain lands in
the State of Iowa, north of the Raccoon fork
of the Des Moines river, held by settlers under
the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States.
TWENTY-SECOND JOINT RULE.
Mr. MORTON. I am instructed by a
majority of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections to report back the resolution to
rescind the twenty-second joint rule and to
recommend its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to say a word
in regard to that report. I do not concur in
the report to repeal the twenty-second joint
rule. I think, perhaps, it might be modified
and changed in some respects, but I am
opposed to its absolute repeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be placed on the Calendar.
senator Caldwell's election.
Mr. MORTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Privileges and Elections to sub-
mit a renort in regard to the election of Alex-
ander Caldwell in 1871 to the Senate of the
United States by the Legislature of Kansas,
together with the accompanying evidence. I
ask that the report be laid on the table, and
printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the report
conclude with any resolution?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That Alexander Caldwell was not
duly and legally elected to a scat m the Senate ot
the United States by the Legislature of the btato
of Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely rise to say in
reference to the report just made by the
Committee on Privileges and Elections that,
although there is no minority report—and I
am not authorized to speak for the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter]—I enter
my dissent from the majority report.
Mr. ANTHONY. In regard to the report
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections
in the case of the Senator from Kansas, I have
to say that I did not arrive at the same con-
clusion with the majority of the committee. I
have no desire to present any report or state-
ment of my own views in writing ; but when
the case conies up I shall doubtless express
them to the Senate. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
goes on the Calendar. .
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently said : I think
I did not express myself clearly, although it
was perhaps 3f no importance to any one but
myself in the remark that I made about the
report relating to the Senator from Kansas.
What I intended to say was that my dissent
was simply to the conclusion of the report; I
did not mean to express any opinion upon any
other part of it.
LANDS IN IOWA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no further morning business.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 now renew the motion
to take up House bill No. 8919, to authorize
the President to ascertain the value of certain
lands in the State of Iowa, north of the Rac-
coon fork of the Des Moines river, held by
settlers under the preemption and homestead
laws of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, being before the
Senate during the remainder of the morning
hour, the Senator from Iowa moves to post-
pone it for the purpose of considering the bill
which he has indicated.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be taken up, subject to
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to take it up, to postpone the Calendar during
the remainder of the morning hour and pro-
ceed with the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this motion will
not be agreed to: first, because I think it our
duty to go to the Calendar of unobjected cases;
second, because I believe we have passed a
bill, through an inadvertence, about lands in
Iowa at this session, and I think we had bet-
ter be very careful before we pass another ;
third, because having some knowledge about
the history of the Raccoon fork and the lands
there, I think this is a bill we ought not U)
pass without very careful examination and dis-
cussion, which will take an hour, or two, or
three, as the case may be. It opens a very
important question.
Mr. HAliLAN. I ask that the bill may be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That the President of the
United State? shall be, and ho is hereby, authoi-
ized to appoint three commissioners, who shall
ascertain the number of acres, and by appraise-
ment or otherwise the value thereof, exclusive
of improvements, of all such lands lying north
of Raccoon fork of the Des Moines river, in the
State ot Iowa, as may now be held by the i)es
Moines Navigation and Railroad Company, or per-
sons claiming title under it adversely to persons
holding said lands either by entry or under the pre-
emption or homestead laws of the United States:
and on what terms the adverse holders thereof will
relinquish the same to the United States ; and that
they report the facts at the commencement ol the
next session of Congress; but nothing heroin con-
tained shall be held to affect, in any manner, the
question of title to any of said lands.
Sec. 2. That the compensation ot said commis-
sioners shall be eight dollars per diem during the
time they shall be engaged m said service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on postponing the Calendar, under the
Anthony rule, for the purpose of considering
this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Allow me to say one word
before the vote is taken. I am quite unwilling
that any incorrect impression should obtain
with reference to the character of this bill. I
am very sure the Senator from Vermont does
not wish to make any such impression. This
bill, iu substance, as it is now before us, passed
the Senate at the last session. It went to the
House, and the House, instead of passing the
bill that came from the Senate, passed a House
bill and sent that to us; so that in all itsegsen*
tial features, so far as it affects the Government,
it is the bill that has passed the Senate. I will
state briefly the object of the bill.
This Government by its patent made title to
the persons who are affected by the bill, some
of them twenty years ago, and they have made
improvements on these lands upon the faith of
the patent they held from the Government
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Iowa, that debate on
the merits is prohibited on this motion. I he
Chair did not interpose as against the Sen-
ator's general remarks, but this is specifically
to the bill.
