1S73.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44A
just ground for this publication, or for incur-
ring mi* such expense as that which is pro
pO*ed. It •> mt:re!v unwarranted.
The SPKAK F.U. Th ort4 is no necessity of
argum£  i. objection I he ^ent.eiuan from
IiKlum* objtvi.v 11 ^ ihe counauu't* further
AUMluSlON OK rOLOK\tH).
Mr. TAFKE. from the Committee on the
Territories. reported back a bill H. R. N'o.
IV i to enable lb* p«>pie of Colorado to form
a eon-uiuion and Stale government, and tor
tk« admission ot Haiti State into the Union on
an equal fooling with the original States, with
iKe r«rmnmend*tiou that it do pass.
The hill, which wan r *ad, provides m the
tirst wtiou that the inhabitants of the Terri-
tory of Colorado included in the bouml H ries
hereinafter delimitated be authorized to form
for themselves out ot said 1'eriHory a State
government with ibe name of the State of
Colorado ; which Slate, when formed, shall be
admitted into the Union upon an equal foot-
ing w.'h the original States in ait respects
wr.alsoe«*r, as h-rein.ifter provided.
The >eC"iid section provider that the said
State of Colorado *hail consist ot all the ter
ntory included within the following bounda-
ries. to wit, commencing on the thirty-seventh
parallel of north latitude where the tweuly-
bfta meridian of longitude, west t'rom Wash
lngton, crosses the same; thence north on said
meridian to the forty-tirst parallel of north
latitude ; thence along said parallel west to the
tc rty second meridian of longitude west from
Washington ; thence sou[n on said meridian
to the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude ;
taeoce along said thirty-seventh parallel of
notth latitude to the place of beginning
The third sect.on provides that all persons
qualified by law to vote for representatives to
the General Assembly of said Territory at the
date ot the proclamation of lite Governor,
m ii'.ioned in this act, shall be qualified to be
elected, and they are authorized to vote for
and choose representatives to form a couven-
'.ina under sncti ruiee and regulations as the
Governor of und Territory, the chief justice,
and lb- United States attorney thereof may
prescribe ; and also to vote upon the accep'-
ance or rejection of  ach constitution as may
be formed by mid convention, under such
rules and regulations as said conveuliou may
pre «nbe ; and the aforesaid representatives
to fnrni the aforesaid convention shall be ap-
portioned among the several counties in said
Territory in proportion to the population as
•bown by the census of 1H70 as near as may
be ; an# said apportionment shall be made for
said Territory by the Governor, United States
district attorney, and chief justice thereof, or
any two of them ; and the Governor of said
Territory shall, by proclamation, order an
election of the representatives aforesaid to be
held throughout the Territory at such time as
sbail be fixed by the Governor, chief justice,
and United .States attorney aforesaid, or any
two of them, which proclamation shall be is-
imrd at least thirty days prior to the time of
••id election, and such election shall be con-
ducted in the same manner as is prescribed
by the )aw  of sa.id Territory regulating elec-
tions therein for members of the House of
Representatives, and the number of members
to said convention shall be the same as now
constitutes both branches of the Legislature
of the aforesaid Territory.
The fourth section provides that the mem-
bers of the convention thus elected shall meet
at the capital of said Territory on a day to be
fixed by said Governor, chief justice, and
United States attorney, not more than ninety
days subsequent to the day of said election ;
and after organization shall declare on behalf
of the people of said Territory that they adopt
the Constitution of the United States; where-
upon the convention shall be authorized to
form a constitution and State government for
' said Territory ; provided that the constitution
shall be republican in form, and make no dis-
tinction in civil or political rights on account
ot race or color, and not be r< pugnanl to the
Constitution of the United Stales and the
pr.ucip.es ot the Declaration of Independence ;
and (<ro\ ided further that said coinenlion shall
provide by au ordinance, irrevocable without
the consent of the United States and the peo-
ple of said State —
First. That there shall be neither slavery
nor involuntary servitude in the said State,
otherwise than ill the punishment of crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed.
Second. That perfect toleration of religious
sentiment shall be secured, and no inhabitant
ol said Stale shall ever be moles'ed tu person
or property on account of his or her mode of
religious worship.
lnird. That the people inhabiting said Ter-
ritory do a^ree and declare that they forever
disclaim all right and title to the unappropri-
ated public lauds lying within said Territory,
and that the same sha'l be and r< main at the
sole and en tire disposition of the Utnteu States ;
and that the lai.ds belonging to citi^eus of the
United States residing without the said State
snail never be taxed higher than the land
belonging to residents thereof, aud that no
taies shall be imposed by the State on lands
or property therein belonging to. or which may
hereafter be purchased by, the United States.
1 he fifth section provides that 111 case a con-
stitution and State government, shall be formed
for the people of said Territory ot Colorado,
ill compliance w.th the provisions of this act,
said cotiveuttou forming the same shall pro-
vide by ordinance tor submitting said con-
s' itutiou to the people of said Stale for their
ratification or rejection, at an election to be
heid at such nines and at such p'acs and
under such regulations uia;. oe prescribed
by said convention, at which election the law-
ful voters of said new State shall vote directly
for or against the proposed constitution ; and
the returns of said election shall be made to
the acting Governor of the Territory, who,
with the Un.ted States district attorney aud
chief justice of said Territory, or any two of
them, shall canvass the same; and if a major-
ity of legal votes shall be cast for said consti-
tution in said proponed State, the said acting
Governor shall certify the same to the Presi-
dent of the United States, together with a
copy of said constitution and ordinances to
that effect ; whereupon it shall be the duty of
the President of the United Slates to issue
his proclamation declaring the Stale admitted
into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States without any further actiou
whatever on the part of Congress.
The sixth seeiion provides that until the
nexl general census said State shall be entitled
to one Representative in the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, which Repre-
sentative, together with the Governor and
State and other officers provided for in said
constitution, shall be elected on a day subse-
quent to the adoptiou of the constitution, aDd
to be fixed by said constitutional convention;
and until said State officers are elected and
qualified under the provisions of the constitu-
tion the territorial officers shall continue to
discharge the duties of their respective offices.
The seventh section provides that sections
numbered sixteen and thirty-six in every
township, and where such sections have been
sold or otherwise disposed of by any act of
Congress, other lands, equivalent thereto in
legal subdivisions of riot more than one quar-
ter section, and as contiguous as may be, are
granted to said State for the support of com-
mon schools.
The eighth section provides that, provided
the State of Colorado shall be admitted into
the Union in accordance with the foregoing
| provisions of the act, fifty entire sections of the
I, unappropriated public lands within said State,
to be selected aud located by direction of the
Legislature thereof, oil or betore the 1st of
January, 187o, shall be grauted in legal sub-
divisions ot not less than one hundred and
sixty acres to said Stale for the purpose of
erecting public buildings at the capital of said
Slate for legislative and judicial purposes, in
such manner as the Legislature shall prescribe.
The niuth section provides that fifty other
entire sections ot laud, as aforesaid, to be
selected and located as aforesaid, in legal sub-
divisions as aforesaid, shall be granted to said
State for the purpose of erecting a suitable
building for a peuitentiary or Slate prison in
the manner aforesaid.
The tenth sectiou provides that seventy-two
other sections of land shall he set aparl and
reserved for the use aud support ot a State
university, to be selected in manner as afore-
said, aud to be appropriated and applied as
the Legislature of said Slate may prescribe,
for the purpose named, aud for no other pur-
pose.
The eleventh section provides that all salt
springs within said State, uotexceedmg iwelvo
in number, with six sections of land adjoining
or as contiguous as may be to each, shall bo
granted to said State for its use, the said land
to be selected by the Governor.thereof within
one year after the admission of the State, and
when so selected to be used or disposed of on
such terms, conditions, and regulations as the
Legislature shall direct; provided that no
sal; spring or lands, the right whereof is now
vested in any individual or individuals, or
which hereafter shall be confirmed or adjudged
to any individual or individuals, shall by this
act be granted said State.
The twelfth section provides that five per
ceut. of the proceeds of the sales of public
lands lying within said State, which have been
or shall be sold by the United States prior or
subsequent to the admission of said State into
the Union, after deducting all the expenses
incident to the same, shall be paid to the said
State for the purpose of making aud improv-
ing public roads, constructing ditches or canals,
to effect a general system ot irrigation ol the
agricultural lands in the State, as the Legisla-
ture shall direct.
The thirteenth section declares that the
eighth section of an act to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to
grant preemption rights, approved the 4th
ot September, 1841, shall bo applicable to the
State of Colorado, when admitted into the
U nion.
The fourteenth section provides that any
balauce of the appropriations for the legisla-
tive expenses of said Territory of Colorado
remaining unexpended shall be applied to and
used for defraying the expeuses of said con-
vention, aud for the payment of the members
thereof, under the same rules and regulations
and rates as are now provided by law for the
payment of the territorial Legislature.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 ask that the report from
the Committee on the Territories accompany-
ing this bill be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Upon a careful elimination into the condition of
Colorado, in respect to its resources, wealth, popu-
lation, and capability for maintaining a Slate gov-
ernment, the committee find the area to he 10">,7(K)
nf|uare miles—larger than New England and the
State of Ohio, and larger than the four Middle
States. About two fifths of said area is on the cast -
ern slope of the Itocky mountains, the remainder
consisting of mountains and parks. Timber is
abundant on the high divides and mountain*, and
gold, silver, load, and copper exist in inexhaustible
quantities along the whole range of mountains, lrom
northeast to southwest, in a belt four hundred miles
in length and varying from fifty to one hundred
miles in width. It is estimated there are about
seven million acresof land now susccptiblo of culti-
vation, and by a proper system of irrigation, which
the State would doubtless inaugurn tn, the arable
area would bo increased many millions of acre .
The Territory is not surpassed as a grazing country,
as the number and quality of cattle and sheep dem-
onstrate, and immense deposits ot coal exist in
nearly every section, and generally with large beds
of iron ore. The water power ib perhaps not
equaled in any Stale of the Union.
