18*73.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
42d Cong 3d Sess.
Union Pacific Railroad—Report.
Ho. of Reps.
missioners to be appointed by the President,
who.should examine and report upon the work
as it progressed; in certain cases upon the
certificate of the chief engineer, to be made
upon Ms professional honor; and lastly, upon
the reserved power to add to, alter, amend, or
repeal the act.
Your committee find themselves constrained
to report, that the moneys borrowed by the
corporation, under a power given them, only
to meet the necessities of the construction and
endowment of the road, have been distributed
in dividends among the corporators; that the
stock was issued, not to men who paid for it
at par in money, but who paid for it at not
more than thirty cents on the dollar in road-
making; that of the Government directors
some of them have neglected their duties, and
Others have been interested in the transactions
by which the provisions of the organic law
have been evaded ; that at least one of the
commissioners appointed by the President
has been directly bribed to betray his trust
by the gift of $25,000; that the chief engineer
of the road was largely interested in the con-
tracts for its construction; and that there has
been an attempt to prevent the exercise of the
reserved power in Congress by inducing influ-
ential members of Congress to become inter-
ested in the profits of the transaction. So that
of the safeguards above enumerated none
seems to be left but the sense of public duty
of the corporators.
Your committee, therefore, proceed to report
the facts as they have been able to gather them
from the evidence, relative to the manner in
which the parties in whom these trusts were
reposed have discharged them and the conse-
quences which have followed.
By reference to the first section of the act
of 1862, it will be seen that a subscription of
$2,000,000 two thousand shares of $1,000
each, and the payment of ten percent, thereon
was a condition-precedent to organization.
The sum of about $2,180,000 was subscribed,
and ten per cent, (about $218,000) paid iu,
and thereupon, in October, 1863, the company
was organized by the election of a board of
directors, &c.
The first contract for the construction of the
road was made with one H. M. Hoxie, who
seems to have been a person of little pecuniary
responsibility. His proposal to build and equip
one hundred miles of the railroad and tele-
graph is dated New York, August 8, 1864,
signed H. M. Hoxie, by H. C. Crane, attorney.
It was accepted by the company September
23, 1864. On the 30th of September, 1864,
Hoxie agreed to assign this contract to Thomas
C. Durant, who was then vice president and
director of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, or such parties as he might designate.
On the 4th of October, 1864, this contract was
extended to the one hundredth meridian, an
additional one hundred and forty-six and forty-
five hundredths miles, the agreement for exten-
sion being signed by Crane as attorney of Hoxie.
Hoxie was an employe of the company at the
time, and Mr. Crane, who signed as Hoxie's
attorney, was Durant's " confidential man," as
Durant himself expresses it.
By this contract and its extension Hoxie
agreed to build two hundred and forty-six and
forty-five hundredths miles of road, to furnish
money on the securities of the company, to
subscribe $1,000,000 to the capital stock, and
he was to receive $50,000 per mile for the
work.
On the 11th day of October, 1864, an agree-
ment was entered into by Durant, Bushnell,
Lambard, McComb, all directors of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and Gray, a stock-
holder, to take from Hoxie the assignment of
his contract, (which assignment he had pre-
viously bound himself to make to such per-
sons as Durant should designate,) and to con-
tribute $1,600,000 for the purpose of carrying
the contract out.
This Hoxie contract and its assignment were
a device by which the persons who were the
active managers and controllers of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company caused said cor-
poration to make a contract with themselves
for the construction of a portion of its road,
by which also they got possession of all the
resources which it would be entitled to by the
completion of said portion, and by which they
evaded, or sought to evade, the requirement
that the capital stock should be fully paid in
in money, by substituting for such payment
a fictitious or nominal payment in road build-
ing and equipment, each share being treated
as being worth much less than its par value.
That this was the substance of the transaction
will more fully appear when we come to speak
of a subsequent arrangement of the same
nature, but on a larger scale.
That in making this contract the interests of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company were
utterly disregarded, your committee do not
doubt. That it was deliberately done we do
not hesitate to believe. That belief is founded
upon the following summary of the evidence
in addition to the facts heretofore stated.
Peter A. Dey, esq., then engineer in chief,
testified that before this contract was made he
had surveyed and estimated the one hundred
miles embraced in it, and that upon a full esti-
mate he made the cost not to exceed $30,000
per mile; that after this Mr. Reed, an agent
and director of the company, came there and
directed him to make a larger estimate, putting
heavy embankments where none were required,
which he did, making an estimate of about
$50,000 per mile. When the Hoxie contract
was submitted to him he objected to it, and
when he found that it was to be executed and
the work done under it, he resigned his posi-
tion as chief engineer, as appears from the
following written resignation and private letter
addressed to the president of the company:
Enoineer's Opmce,
Union Pacific Railroad,
Omaha, December 7,1864.
Dear Sir: I hereby tender you my resignation as
chief engineer of the Union Pacific railroad, to take
.effect Docember 30,1814, one year from thedatoof
my appointment. I am induced to delay until that
time that I might combine the results of surveys of
the present year and present them to the company
and to myself in a satisfactory manner. My reasons
for this step are simply that I do not approve of the
contract made with Mr. Hoxie for building the first
hundred miles from Omaha west, and I do not care
to have my name so connected with the railroad that
I shall appear to indorse this contract.
Wishing for the road success beyond the expecta-
tion of its members, I am, respectfully, yours,
PETER A. DEY.
Hon. John A. Dix.
Mr. Dey further testified as follows :
" Question. Did you send the letter of which this is
a copy to General Dix ?
"Answer. I did.
" Question. Was your resignation accepted?
"Answer. Not that I know of.
" Question. Did you write any other letter to Gen-
Answer. On the same day that X wrote the letter
I have just read to you I wrote and inclosed in the
same envelope the following :
" Omaha, December 7, 1864.
"Dear Sir: With this X send you my resignation
as chief engineer of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. My reasons I have given. I received the
contract nearly a month ago. When I first read it I
felt that it was made against my known views, and
I could not bo held in any measure responsible for
it, but it has since been a constantly recurring sub-
ject of thought to me, and Xamnotnowsatisfiedthat
I shall be able to acquit myself of all blame if I
become an instrument of its execution. You know
the history of the M. and M. road, a road that to-day
could be running to this point if its stock and bonds
only represented the amount of cash that actually
went into it. My views.of the Pacific railroad are per-
haps peculiar. X look upon its managersas trustees
of the bounty of Congress. I cannot willingly see
them repeat the history of the II. and M. by taking
a step in the incipiency of the project that will, 1
believe, if followed out, swell the cost of construc-
tion so much that by the time the work reaches the
mountains the representative capital will be accu-
mulated so much that at the very time when the
oompany will have need for all its resources, as well of
capital as of credit, its securities will not be negotia-
ble in the market. From my boyhood I have asso-
ciated Mr. Cisco and yourself with Mr. Bronson and
Mr. Iflagg, men whose integrity, parity, and sinsle-
ness of purpose have made them markedmen in the
generation in which they lived. Of course my opin-
ion remains unchanged. You are doubtless unin-
formed how disproportionate the amount to be paid
is to the work contracted for. I need not expatiate
upon the sincerity of my course when you reflect
upon the fact that X have resigned the best position
in my profession this country has ever offered to
any man. _
With respeot, PETER A. DEY."
The parties above named having procured
the assignment to themselves of this contract,
were liable individually as partners for all
debts incurred in the joint undertaking. They,
therefore, took steps to procure corporate
powers as a shield against such risk, and
secured for that purpose the control of a cor-
poration afterward known as the Credit Mo-
biiier of America. The following is a brief
history of the corporation :
On the 1st day of November, 1859, the
State of Pennsylvania granted a charter for
the incorporation of the Pennsylvania Fiscal
Agency. That charter gave powers of so ex-
traordinary a character that your committee
deem it important to insert it here in full. It
is as follows:
An aet to incorporate the Pennsylvania fiscal
agency.
Section 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of
Representatives of the Commonwealth, of Pennsylvania
in General Assembly met, and it is hereby enacted by
the authority of the same. That Samuel J. Reeves,
Ellis Lewis, Garrick Mallory. Duff Green, David R.
Porter, Jacob Ziegler, Charles M. Hall, Horn R.
Kneass, Robert J. Ross, William T. Dougherty,
Isaac Hugus, C. M. Reed, William Workman, Asa
Packer, Jesse Lazear, C. S. Kauffman, C. L. Ward,
and Henry M. Fuller bo, and thoy are heroby, ap-
pointed commissioners to receivo subscriptions and
to organize a company, by the name and style of the
Pennsylvania Fiscal Agency; and the owners of the
shares herein authorized to be issued, when tho
company is organized, shall, under the name and
style aforesaid, have perpetual succession; and
may purchase, hold, and acquire, by any lawful
means, estate, real and personal, and the same may
use, sell, lease, let, mortgage, transfer, and convey,
and otherwise dispose of; and may sue and be sued,
plead and be impleaded, contract and be con-
tracted with, and have and use a common seal, and
the same may ohange at pleasure; and may make
by-laws and regulations for the government of their
affairs, and may have and use all therights, powers,
and privileges which are or may bo necessary for
them to have as a company incorporated for the pur-
poses herein stated: Provided, That the said com-
pany shall not at any time hold, in this State, more
land than may be requisite for the convenient trans-
action of their business.
Seo. 2. That the purpose of this act is to organize
an incorporated company, and to authorize them,
as such, to beoome an agency for the purchase and
sale of railroad bonds and other securities, and to
make advances of money and of credit to railroad
and other improvement companies, and to aid in
like manner contractors and manufacturers, and to
authorizo them as a company to make all requisite
contracts, and especially to receive and hold, on
deposit and in trust, estate, real and personal, includ-
ing the notes, bonds, obligations, and accounts of
States, and of individuals, and of companies, and of
corporations, and the same to purchase, collect
adjust, and settle, and also to sell and dispose thereof
in any market in the United States, or elsewhere,
without proceeding in law or in equity, and forsueh
price and on such terms as may be agreed on between
them and the parties contracting with them, and
also to indorse and guaranty the payment of tho
bonds and the performance of the obligations of
individuals, of corporations, and of companies.
Sec. 3. That the capital stock of said company
shall consist of fifty thousand shares of $100 each;
and tho commissioners aforesaid, or a majority of
them, may, in person or by proxy, open books of
subscription at such times and places as they deem
expedient, and when five thousand shares shall have
been subscribed; and five per cent, thereon shall
have been paid in, the shareholders may elect five
or more directors; and the directors of the said com-
pany, when it shall have been organized, may and
they are hereby authorized and empowered to have
and to exercise, in the name and in behalf of the
oompany, all the rights, powers, and privileges
which are intended to be herein given; and may,
from time to time, increase their resources by bor-
rowing money on a pledge of their property, or
without such pledge, or by new subscriptions, not
exceeding fifty thousand shares ; and any eitizen or
subject, company or corporation, of any State or
county, may subscribe for, purchase, and "hold shares
of the said company, with all the rights and subject
only to such liabilities as other shareholders are
