1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
. Mr. WRIGHT. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Vermont objects to taking up the
bill because of its features.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He did not state
its features, but only objected generally. If,
however, the Senate desires the rule to be
related, the Chair does not feel bound to
object.
Mr. WRIGHT. My only object was, tbat
the Senate should not have an erroneous im-
pression in reference to this bill. 1 insist that
the Senate ought to take the bill up for the
reason that we have already passed the bill, in
substance, after discussion 
Mr, EDMUNDS. That is argument on the
merits, most clearly.
Mr. WRIGHT. And that it has gone to the
House and come back in the same form that
it passed here. I am very sure we can dispose
of it in a few moments if the objection will be
withdrawn and we can take the vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
thinks a statement that the bill had once
passed the Senate is not perhaps strictly de-
bate on the merits, but any explanation of the
bill or vindication of it or opposition to it is
debate on the merits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is in order to refer
to the fact that the bill has once passed the
Senate, then I can say from some observation
and some little experience that it woyid rather
raise a presumption against the bill if it passed
sub silentio, without debate, because it ia a
misfortune which we all bear alike that a good
many bills pass this body without havingcome
under debate, without our understanding pre-
cisely what their effect may be, that never ought
to pass. I cannot state what my belief is about
this one, because I should be arguing the
merits; and so I must confiue myself to the
point. But the bill opens a very broad ques-
tion as to the rights of the United States in
respect to the Des Moines Navigation and Im-
provement Company, if it be so called. Their
obligations to the United States, and the
amount of land they have already got from
us. whether according to law or otherwise,
would be a subject for some inquiry and dis-
cussion, and the whole field, therefore, of land
grants in that section of Iowa is necessarily
opened. We cannot consider this bill in a
short time and do justice to public interest.
PETITION FROM UTAH.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has>expired and the naval appropriation
bill is before the Senate, pending which the
Chair will state that since the Senate opened
he has received a telegraphic dispatch from
Salt Lake City of about ninety pages of manu-
script, signed by a number of citizens there,
in reply to a memorial of members of the
legal profession residing in Utah Territory
addressed to the Congress of the United
States ; and they state that they send it in this
way, though they know it to be irregular, on
account of the proximity ol the adjournment
of Congress. If there is no objection, the
paper will be received and referred to the
Committee on the J udiciary,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it addressed to the
President of the Senate officially ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It ia addressed
to the President of the Senate and Speaker of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. THURMAN. I move tbat it be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As a document
or in the Globe ?
Mr. THURMAN. Printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be laid on the
table, as the Committee on the Judiciary has
reported on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid
on the table.
BRIDGE ACROSS ST. LOUIS RIVER.
Mr. HOWE, I was about to appeal to the
Senate to give me unanimous- consent to con-
sider the bill which I hold in my hand. I
have to say that the war between the cities of
Superior and Duhith has recently been term-
inated by a treaty of peace, amity, and com-
merce ; and to carry out the treaty it is neces-
sary that the Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany should be authorized to construct a
bridge ever the St.. Louis river, which is not
navigable in any valuable sense of the term ;
and this bill reported by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads authorizes the
construction of that bridge. The bill is drawn
with all the usual safeguards. I do not know
of an interest outside of the Senate which is
opposed to it. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to its passing now, for it ia very important
it should be got through in order to go to the
House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The naval ap-
propriation bill being before the Senate, the
Senator from Wisconsin asks unanimous con-
sent for the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1499) to authorize the Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company to construct and maintain a
bridge across the St. Louis river.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Thfe Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads proposed to amend it by strik-
ing out the following words:
Said bridge to have a draw of not less than
eighty feet and to be located under the direction
ofthe Secretary oFWar, and so as to cause the least
obstruction to the navigation of said river; and that
said bridge when so constructed shall be a post
road.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
That the said bridge shall not be less than ten feet
above the level of the water of said river at the point
where its construction i^ hereby authorized; that
said bridge shall have a pivot-draw, giving two clear
openings of one hundred feet each, measured at right
angles to the current at the average stage of water
in the river, and located in a part of the bridge that
can be safely and conveniently reached at that stage;
and the next adjoining spans to the draw shall not
be less than onehuudred and fifty feet, if the proper
location of the draw over the channel will admit
spans of this width between it and the shore; and
said spans shall not be less than ten feet above
extreme high-water mark, measuring to the bottom
chord of the bridge; that said draw shall be opened
promptly,upon reasonable signal, for thepassage ot
boats whose construction shall not be such as to ad-
mit of their passage under the stationary spans of
said bridge, except when trains are passing over the
same; but in no case hhall unuecessaty delay occur
in opening the said draw before or after the passage
of trains.
Sec. 2. That the piers of the said bridge shall be
built parallel with the current at that stage of the
river which is most important for navigation; and
that no ripraps or other outside protection for im-
perfect foundation will be permitted in the channel-
way of the draw-openings.
Sec. 3. That the said Northern Pacific Railroad
Company shall submit to the Secretary of War. for
his examination, a design and drawings of the
bridge and piers, and a map of the location, giving,
for the space of at least one mile above and one
mile below the proposed location, the topography
ot the banks of the river, the shore linos at high
and low water, the direction of the current at all
stages, and the soundings, accurately showing the
bed of the stream, the location of any other bridge
or bridges, and shall furnish such other information
as may be required for a full and satisfactory under-
standing of the subject by the Secretary of War;
and if tho Secretary of War is satisfied that the
provisions of the law have been comp ied with in
regard to location, the building of the piers may be
at once commenced; but if it shall appear that the
conditions prescribed by this act cannot be complied
with at the location where it is desired to construct
the bridge, the Secretary of War shall, after consid-
ering any remonstiances filed against the building
of said bridge, andfnrnishing copies of such remon-
strances to the board of engineers provided for in
this act, detail a board composed of three experi-
enced officers of the corps of engineers, to examine
the case, and, on their recommendation, authorize
such modifications in the requirements of this act, as
to location and pieis, as will permit the construction
of the bridge, not, however, diminishing the width
ofthe spans contemplated by this act: Provided,
That the free navigation of the river be not mate-
rially injured thereby.
Sec. 4. That all parties owning, occupying, or
operating the said bridge shall maintain, at their
own expense, from sunset to sunrise, throughout the
year, such lights on their bridges as r ay bo required
by the Light-House Board for the security of navi-
gation ; and all persons owning, occupying, or oper-
ating the said bridge shall, in any event, maintain
all lights on their bridge that may be necessary for
the security of navigation.
Sec. 5. That any bridge constructed under this
act, and according to its limitations, shall be a law-
ful structure, and shall be recognized and known as
a post route, upon which, also, ho higher charge
shall be made for the transmission over the same of
the mails, the troops, and the munitions of war of
the United States than the rate per mile paid for the
transportation over the railroads or public highways
leading to said bridge ; and the United States shall
have the right of way for postal telegraph purposes
across such bridge; and m case of any litigation
arising from any obstruction or alleged obstruction
to the navigation of said river, created by the con-
struction of said bridge, under this act, the cause or
question arising may be tried before the district
court of the United States of any State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. 6. That all railway companies desiring to use
the said bridge shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same, and
in the use of the machinery and fixtures thereof, and
of all the approaches thereto, under and upon such
terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of War, upon hearing the allegations and
proofs of the parties in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 7. That the right to alter or amend this act so
as to prevent or remove all material obstructions to
the navigation of said river by the construction of
said bridge is hereby expressly reserved, without any
liability of the Government for damages on account
of the alteration or amendment of this act, or on
account of the prevention or requiring the removal
of any such obstructions; and if any change be made
in the plan of construction of any bridge constructed
under this act, during the progress of the work
thereon, or before the completion of said bridge, such
change shall be subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of War; and any change in the construction,
or any alteration of said biidge that may be directed
at any time by Congress, shall be made at the cost
and expense of the owners thereof.
Mr. COLE. Without attempting to justify
this discrimination in favor of this one bill, i
wish to give notice now that I shall object to
any other bill being interposed until the naval
appropriation bill is completed.
Mr. KDMUNDS. Will not the chairman
allow me to pass one or two little bills after
that?
Mr. COLE. 1 rose for the purpose of cut
ting off any such application.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I think I had bet-
ter object to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont object ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir. The chairman
ofthe Committee on Appropriations has charge
of the appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to make an
inquiry. I wish to inquire whether this bill
settles the hostilities that have existed between
the cities of Duluth and Superior, whether
it is agreed to by both contending parties;
and then I want to inquire whether this is a
proper mode of legislation to submit to a
board of engineers, the alteration of an act of
Congress, as they shall think proper.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make one in-
quiry. I heard something ^ead about giving
the Federal courts jurisdiction in case of ob-
struction. I ask that that may be read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the part alluded to by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. HOWE. The provision to which the
Senator from Ohio alludes is apiovision which
provides that in case of complaint of obstruct-
ing navigation the district court of the United
States m either State in which any part of the
bridge may be may have jurisdiction.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that a navigable river?
Mr. HOWE. It is a quasi navigable river.
Mr. THURMAN. What is a quasi naviga-
ble river? I do not understand. Is it navi-
gable for canoes?
Mr. HOWE. Navigable for fiat'boats and
canoes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be of very great
value to the people of the United States who
are obstructed in navigating that river to have
the right to sue in a United State court when
the same statute which gives them the right 10
sue says they shall not recover because that
bill says the bridge shall be a lawful structure.
It will be of infinite importance to tell a sailor
that he shall have a right to sue in a United
States court, and to tell him at the same time
that he shall have no right to sue therein, or
that his suit shall be dismissed at once. If it
