1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Union Pacific Railroad—Report.
Ho. of Reps.
heirs, executors, administrators or assigns for work
as stipulated in this contract, and according to the
terms thereof, then such deficiency shall, from time
to time, be subscribed by said party of the second
part, his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns
to tne'capital stock of said company, and proceeds
of such subscriptions shall be paid to said party of
the second part, bis heirs, executors, administrators
or assigns on this contract/'
This contract was signed on behalf of the
railroad company by Oliver Ames, as president
pro tempore, who was the brother and business
partner of Oakes Ames ; it was approved by
Oliver Ames, C. S. Bushnell, Springer Har-
baugh, and Thomas C. Durant, as executive
committee of the- railroad company, all of
whom, excepting Harbaugh, were interested in
the Credit Mobilier.
Pursuant to the previous understanding that
this ccmfcract was to be for the benefit of all the
shareholders of the Credit Mobilier, on the 15th
day of October, 1867, it was assigned by a
tripartite agreement to seven trustees, namely:
Thomas C. Durant, Oliver Ames, John B.
Alley, Sidney Dillon, Cornelius S, Bushnell,
Henry S. McComb, and Benjamin E. Bates,
all stockholders in the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and in the Credit Mobilier, Oliver
Ames occupying the anomalous position of
president of the railroad company making the
contract, and one of the parties to whom it was
assigned, and all of them were directors of the
railroad company.
The beneficiaries of the contract under this
assignment are shown by the following extract,
namely;
"Fourthly. To hold all the rest and residue of the
said proceeds and avails for the use and benefit of
such of the several persons holding and owning
shares in the capital stockof thesaid CreditMobilier
of America on the day of the date hereof* in propor-
tion to the number of shares which said stockhold-
ers now severally hold and own, and for the use and
benefit of such of the several assignees and holders
of such shares of stoek at the times herein set forth,
for the distribution of said residue and remainder
of said avails and proceeds, who shall comply with
the provisions, conditions, and limitations herein
contained, which are on their part to be complied
W" fifthly. To pay over, on or before the first Wed-
nesday of June and Decemberineachyear.orwithin
thirty days thereafter, his just share and proportion
of the residue and remainder of the said proceeds
and avails as shall be justly estimated by the said
trustees to have been made and earned as net pront
on said contract during the Preceding six months, to
each shareholder only in said Credit Mobilier or
America who, being a stockholder m the Union
Pacific railroad, shall have made and executed his
power of attorney or proxy, irrevocable, to,said sev -
eral parties ot the second part, their survivors and
successors, empowering thena, the said parties ot tuo
second part, to vote upon at least six tenths of. all
the shares of stock owned by said shareholders of the
Credit Mobilier of America in the capital stock ot
the Union Pacific Railroad Company on the day ot
the date hereof, and six tenths of any stock in said
Union Pacific Railroad Company he may have re-
ceived as dividend, or otherwise, because or by vir-
tue of having been a stockholder in said Credit
Mobilier of America, or which may appertain to any
shares in said Union Pacific Railroad Company
which had been so assigned to him at the time or
times of the distribution of the said profits as herein
provided; and this trust is made and declared upon
the express condition and limitation that it snail
not inure in any manner or degree to the use or ben-
efit of any stockholder of the Credit Mobilier of
America who shall neglect or refuse to execute and
deliver unto the said parties of the second part his
proxy or power of attorney, in the manner and tor
the purpose hereinbefore provided, or who shall in
any way, or by any proceeding, knowingly hinder,
delay, or interfere with the execution or performance
of the trust and conditions herein declared and set
forth."
It will be seen by this, that in order to
secure any of the proceeds of this contract,
the stockholders of the Credit Mobilier who
owned stock in the Union Pacific Railroad
Company were compelled to give an irrevo-
cable proxy to these seven trustees to vote in
all cases six tenths of their railroad stock.
The stockholders in the two^ corporations
were substantially identical. Ihese proxies
were executed and delivered to these trustees;
they represented a majority of the stock, and
by this means the entire control of the rail-
road company passed out of the hands or
the stockholders of the latter company and
was reposed in these seven trustees, and
for two years they exercised the power thus
acquired.
The management of the affairs of the rail-
road company during the execution of the
work under this contract (and the Davis con-
tract hereafter to be treated of) was under the
control of the beneficiaries thereof. These
trustees, having acquired this power by means
of these proxies, were manifestly not espe-
cially looking after, or proposing in the future
to very carefully guard the interests of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
If any one doubts that this railroad com-
pany's interests were to be disregarded and the
interests of the contractors vigilantly cared for,
that doubt must be speedily dispelled by read-
ing the following agreement entered into by
these trustees the next day after the Oakes
Ames contract was assigned to them. It was as
follows:
Memorandum of Agreement made this 16^A day of
October, 1867, between Thomas C. Durant, Oliver
Ames, John B. Alley, Sidney Dillon, Cornelius S.
Bushiell, Henry b. McComb, and Benjamin K
Bates., witnnsseth as follows :
The undersigned, being the owners of shares and
holders of certain proxies of tho shareholders of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and expecting
hereafter to hold other shares and proxies for other
shares therein, for the protection of our mutual
interests and the interests of our constituents, do
hereby mutually agree each with the other at any
and every election of directors of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company to vote upon the shares of stock
then standing in our own names respectively, and
upon such shares as we hold or may hereaiter hold
proxies therefor for such peisons as directors of the
said Union Pacific Railroad Company as may bo
nominated at or before each annual stockholders'
meeting of said company, by a majority of the then
existing board of directors, not appointed by tho
President of the United States, and no others. And
on failure of such nomination for any reason by the
said existing board of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, we then agree to vote for tho reelec-
tion of the elected members of the then existing
board. It is further agreed, that incase any one
or more of tho parties hereto fails or neglects to
perform andstand to any of the agreements and cove-
nants herein contained, that heshall not be entitled
to or claim any benefit or right under or by virtue
of any of the trusts or agreements contained m a
certain memorandum of agreement heretofore made
and concluded by and between Oakes Ames ot
North ISasfcon, Massachusetts, party of the first part,
the parties hereto parties of the second part, and the
Credit Mobilier of America, a party of the third
part, but the said shaies and proportion of thesaid
party so in defaultshall beeome tho property of and
be divided among the said several remaining par-
ties, for whose benefit said trusts iu said agreement
are declared. .
In witness whereof the said parties have hereunto
subscribed their names, this day and year firstabove
OLIVER AMES,
JOHN B. ALLEY,
CORNELIUS S. iiUSHNJSLL,
SIDNEY DILLON,
11. S. McCOMB,
- THOMAS 0. DURANT,
B. IS. BATJiS.
Signed, sealod, and executed in presence of
CdlARL wo aLiiJ*
Comment, upon this is unnecessary. It is
plain that the men who made this contract on
the part of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany through Oakes Ames with themselves,
were determined to hold the control of the
railroad company until their purposes were
accomplished.
In addition to all this your committee find
that the wife of the engineer-in-chief, General
Granville 31. Dodge, who was appointed to suc-
ceed Mr. Dey, whose letter of resignation
has been given, was the owner of one hundred
shares of stock in the Credit Mobilier, which
was issued in her name when the capital
stock of that corporation was increased from
$2,500,000 to $3,750,000. This stock was
paid for originally by John Duff, and General
Dodge was written to by Mr. Ham, secretary
of the Credit Mobilier, to forward $10,000 to
reimburse Duff. Whether Dodge paid for this
stock with money of his own, or whether it
was paid for wilh moneys of his wife, is of
little consequence. Whether it was the one
way or the other, it placed him in a position
where his pecuniary interests were adverse to
the interests of the railroad company he was
representing in this most vital capacity.
In making this contract the stock of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to-be sub-
scribed for by the contractors, in pursuance of
the eleventh section, above quoted, was deemed
worth not more than thirty cents to the dollar,
and the price of the work was increased accord-
ingly. If it had been treated as worth par in
cash the price of the work would have been
lower by the amount of at least seventy per
cent, on the par value of so much of the stock
as was to be subscribed for. The subscription
was never paid in in money, but checks were
taken for amounts due on construction, and
these checks were passed back by the con-
tractors to the railroad company in payment
for stock.
The effect of this is stated by Mr. Oliver
Ames in his testimony, as follows:
"By Mr. Hoas:
"Qucatwn. When these subscriptions were made
by the Credit Mobilier trustees to the capital stoek
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company, what was
the process ? What happened at the time of tho
payment? Was there any absolute payment in cash
on these subscriptions, or was it a mere payment in
road-making? ,
"Answer. It was a payment in road-making. We
paid cash for building the road, and then we took
stock from the company iu payment of the expend-
i fcures
"Question. But you would not have considered
that stock as equivalent to so much cash in payment
for your expenditures ?
hXAnswer. No, sir; we would not.
"Question. Therefore you do not consider the
amount of expenditure iu road-building which you
paid in for the stock as equivalent for so much cash,
did you? , , , . .
"Anmcer. No, sir: I would have been loth to havo
taken it. . .
''Question. Then, so far as the subscriptions of the
Credit Mobilier wore concerned, there was no cash
payment for subscript inns except so tar as this might
be considered equivalent? TT .
"Answer. We actually paid cash. The Union Pa-
cific llailroad Company agreed to pay to contractors
bo much money; when the contractors came to us
with their bills we, tho Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, if we had not bonds to pay them, paid the
balauce in stock; we sold our bonds and paid in
cash as far as it would go, or we paid them in
bonds, which, by the contract, they were obliged to
take; and the balance due on the contract we were
obliged to pay in stock. #
"Question. My question is whether $100 in stock,
so subscribed for and so paid, was deemed by either
party of the transaction as equivalent to $100 in
^"Answer. By the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany of course it was equivalent to $100, but the
man who took it wouid havo been very glad to sell
it for thirty or forty dollars.
" Question. As contractors you got cash, bonds ot
the company, and Government bonds lor building
the road?
" Answer. Yes.
" Question. You did not regard thatfin payingyou
for building the road, $100 m stoqk was worth its
face to you?
" Answer. No, sir.
"Question. You expected to get something else
besides that $100 in stock as your &100 worth on
your contract?
"Answer. Yes. The stock was really not worth
to the contractor who took it at par by any means,
because it could be always bought in the market as
low generally as from thirty to forty dollars.
"Quc>Hoa. Then, if the $100 in stock was only worth
about thirty or forty dollars to the contractor to
whom it was paid, in proportioning what he ren-
dered to the company between what was given as
an equivalent for its stock and what was given as
an equivalent for its Government bonds, and what
was given as an equivalent for its own first mortgage
bonds, he did not render to the company $100 in
value for every $100 m stock, di<i he?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Quest-ion. Was there any actual going through
the ceremonial of paying m cash on those subscrip-
tions to the treasurer of the Union Pacific llailroad
Company? .
"Answer. Yes, there was always a chcck given.
" Question. But the money never got into tho
treasury of the Union Pacific llailroad Company, I
suppose?
"Answer. The Union Pacific llailroad Company
gave the trustees a check for the amount due, and
the trustees turned over that check in payment to
the Union Pacific llailroad Company for stock.
" Question. There never was any interval between
the payment of this check for stock and handing of
it, over again in payment of the contract?
^Answer. Probably not.
