1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1409
is meant to confer jurisdiction for acta for
negligent management of the bridge, or the
improper use of it by the company, this claim
ought not. to be in, because the parties injured
ought to be at liberty to sue the railroad com-
pany in the local courts like other people, and
then if they have a right to remove the suit
under any question about an act of Congress,
let them do it under our general laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate- as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 14th
instant, approved and signed the following
acts:
An act (S. No. 868) for the relief of J. and
C. M. Dailey;
An act (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim
of John B. Chapman ; and
An act (S. No. 1142) for the relief of S. E.
Ward.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had, on the 15th instant, approved and
signed the act (S. No. 198) for the relief of
Warren & Moore.
election of senator caldwell.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to give notice that
I shall, on next Saturday morning, at the ex-
piration of the morning hour, ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion reported by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections in relation to the election of the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Caldwell.]
message prom the iioush
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherkon, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3970) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of
War to release twenty-five acres of the lands
of the United States at Plattsburg, New York,
to the New York and Canada Railroad Com-
pany, and for other purposes," passed June
8, 1872;
A bill (H. R. No. 3953) relative to private
contracts or agreements made with Indians;
A bill (H. R. No. 3139) to provide for the
just and equitable distribution of the award
made to the United States by the commis-
sioners at Geneva under the treaty of Wash-
ington ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3971) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property," approved Jane 10,
1372 *
A bill (H. R. No. 3972) to authorize the
construction of a railroad and draw-bridge
across the Genesee river, in Monroe county,
New York ; and
A bill (H. R. N. 3973) for the relief of the
College of William and Mary, in Virginia.
enrolled bills sioned
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; andthey were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3315) for the relief of
Henry Goldhammer;
A bill (H. R. No. 3352) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense;
A bill (H. R. No. 2703) authorizing and
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause plans and estimates to be made, and a
suitable site provided, for a public building at
Memphis, Tennessee; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3258) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic service
42jj ooaii. 3d >8e&3.—89,
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes.
naval appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on concurring in the Senate in the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole upon the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Cragin] in regard to
naval officers upon which no quorum voted at
the close of the session on Saturday. The
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole was to insert at
the end of line seventeen, on page 2, the fol-
lowing proviso :
Provided, That no officer on the retired list of the
Navy shall be employed on activo duty except in
time of war: And provided. That those officers on
the retired list, and those hereafter retired, who
were, or who may be, retired after forty years' ser-
vice, or on attaining the age of sixty-two years, in
conformity with section one of the act of December,
1861, and its amendments, dated June 25, 186-t, or
those who were or may be retired from incapacity
resulting from long and faithful service, from
wounds or injuries reoeived in the line of duty, from
sickness or exposure therein, shall, after the passage
of this act, be entitled to seventy-live per cent, of
the present sea pay of the grade or rank which they
held at the time of their retirement. And the rear
admirals provided for in the act of Juno 5, 1872,
shall be considered as having been retired as rear
admirals.
Mr. CRAGIN. Does that road "after forty
years'service?" It should be forty-five.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They may be retired
after forty years' service on their own appli-
cation. That is what that has reference to.
Mr. CRAGIN. They are retired after forty -
live years' service in case the President so
elects, especially if they enter the service at
the age of sixteen.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand it, the
law is absolute, retiring every officer at the
age of sixty-two. There is also a law that
authorizes the retirement of officers after forty
years' service. I think the language is cor-
rect as the amendment now stands.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is only one officer
on the list retired in pursuance of that, at his
own request. In offering the amendment I
wrote "forty-five;" there is an error in the
print in saying " forty." I move to amend in
that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. When I was not present
my friend from New Hampshire seemed to
quesiion the accuracy of the statement I made
the other day in regard to the aggregate in-
crease proposed by this amendment. I simply
want to say now, without enlarging the debate,
that I was substantially correct. I have looked
over the Navy Register, and I find that there
are twenty-six rear admirals on the reti red
list. The increase given by this amendment
is $1,500 to each, or an aggregate of $39,000.
There are sixty-seven commodores, and the in-
crease given to each is $1,250 per annum,
making an aggregate of $83,750. There are
captains, lieutenants, and commanders, sixty-
one in number, and the average increase is
$875, making $53,575. There are about one
hundred andtwenty-five masters, ensigns, boat-
swains, gunners, and the like, and the average
increase of them isabout$400, making $50,000.
The aggregate increase proposed by this amend-
ment is, therefore, $226,125. That, however,
must be modified somewhat by the fact that
many of the officers named on the retired list
were retired as rear admirals or commodores,
and probably hold a less lineal rank, say cap-
tains ; and making an allowance for these cases,
of which I have no list 
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator will repeat
that part of his statement again, I will correct
him as he goes on.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not do it because
it will take time. If they were not retired as
rear admirals they were retired as commodores
or captains, so that that may make a slight
modification.
Mr. CRAGIN. A very great modification.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very likely if they were
not retired as rear admirals they were retired
as commodores or captains, and the pay
would be slightly reduced.
Mr. CRAGIN. How many commodores d
we now have?
Mr. SHERMAN. There are sixty-seven on
the retired list.
Mr. CRAGIN. Only fifteen were retired as
commodores.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the rest were
retired as captains.
Mr. CRAGIN. Thirty-six were retired as
captains; twelve as commodores; and four as
lieutenants.
Mr. SHERMAN. That only makes the
aggregate somewhat lower ; but it cannot be
less than $200,000. The Senator says that,
under the present law many of these men are
employed on the active list and get full pay.
That is simply discretionary. The President
could do what is done here by a simple order.
The Secretary of the Navy can issue an order
to-morrow stating that no one on the retired
list shall be employed on the active list, be-
cause the employment of the active list is sim-
ply discretionary, and we are required to make
a law making it mandatory and raising the pay
of the Navy $200,000 at least, or the interest
on a capital of $4,000,000. That is the ques-
tion.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
made a very clear mistake. I see by the
Globe that he said that the present retired pay
of a captain in the Navy was $1,150. and lm
thought it very hard indeed to put him on that
allowance and said a captain cannot live on
$1,150. Well, their present retired pay is
$2,250, just about twice what he said, and the
increase proposed here is $1,150.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator lakes the entire
retired list to base his argument upon, when
this amendment only applies to the honorably
retired officers—those Retired at the age of
sixty-two and those retired in consequence of
wounds and disabilities incurred in service.
It does not, apply at all to about one third of
the entire list who were retired for causes
other than those which are specified in this
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take the list as it is
printed in the Navy Register. I have no other
source of knowledge. My friend has docu-
ments of some other character that I do not
know anything about.
Mr. CRAGIN. This is a document that I
have prepared for my own use.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has some
private information which I have not. I act
on the public documents.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is all in the Register,
under different heads.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate, an increase
of pay is proposed by this amendment to a
class of officers who are prohibited by it from
performing duties. In other words, it is pro-
posed to increase the pension list of the Navy
fifty per cent, above the present rate, to estab-
lish a pension for retired naval officers of
seventy-five per cent, of their full sea-going
pay, or more than any officer on the active
list of the same rank gets for waiting orders
or leave of absence pay. While the amount,
it is true, is not so very large, being only
$200,000 per annum, it, represents a principle
which will lead to a similar application on the
part of the Army.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Army pay is higher
than that now, and the Senator knows it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us look. The old
retired pay of the Army was based on the sim-
ple pay proper without the allowances. The
allowance composed a great part of the actual
pay. When the retired list was created we
gave in one sum seventy-five per cent, of the
whole pay without allowances ; but by the bill
