1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
42d Cong....3d
Union Pacific Railroad—Report.
Ho. of Reps.
$37,667,095 43 profit on these two contracts
from the books is very strong, if not conclusive
evidence that the statement of profit is cor-
rect, and consequently that the books do not
show all that was divided, or that there is yet
in the hands of the trustees undivided profits.
In this connection the committee calls at-
tention to the following facts :
Erst mortgage bonds issued $27,213,000 00
Sold at a discount of.  3,494,991 23
Not proceeds $23,718,008 77
Government bonds issued #27,236,512 00
Sold at discount of.  91,348 72
127.145,163 38
Aggregate net proceeds of both classes $50,863,172 05
Cost of whole road to the contractors... 50,720,958 94
$142,213 11
And attention is also called to the time of
the receipt of Government bonds, as shown
by schedule thereof set forth in the evidence.
It appears then, speaking in round numbers,
that the cost of the road was $50,000,000,
which cost was wholly reimbursed from
the proceeds of the Government bonds and
first mortgage bonds ; and that from the stock,
the income bonds, and land grant bonds, the
builders received in cash value at least $23,-
000,000 as profit, being a percentage of about
forty-eight per cent, on the entire cost.
The committee have examined, as will be
seen from the evidence, the parties who have
been participating in these transactions as to
the amount of profits. Their testimony on the
subject has been widely variant.
The committee deem it proper here to direct
attention specifically and separately to the fol-
lowing transactions in disbursement of por-
tions of the assets of this road which seem to
the committee to have been wrongful, and
to demand the immediate and grave consid-
eration of the present directors of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company and of whatever
authority may be charged with the duty of
securing the recovery of the property of the
company from those who are responsible for or
the recipients of these illegal disbursements :
1. One hundred and twenty-six thousand
dollars were paid to G. S. Bushnell on the 9th
day ojf March, 1871, and denominated "spe-
cial legal expenses," which was disposed of as
follows:
First. To G. M. Dodge for services in procuring the
passage of the act of March 3,1871, in relation to
transportation by said company for the Govern-
ment  $24,500
Second. Amount paid by C. S. Bushnell to
Thomas A. Scott on private account  19,000
Third. Amount retained by C. S. Bushnell on
his own actfount  82,500
$126,090
2. Fifty thousand dollars were paid to Gov-
ernor John A. Dix as a purchase by the rail-
road company of its own stock.
3. Twenty-five thousand dollars were paid
to a Government commissioner to secure the
acceptance of a portion of the road as com-
pleted.
4. Four hundred and thirty-five thousand
seven hundred and fifty-four dollars and
twenty-one cents, designated as "suspense
account," were allowed to T. O. Durant, vice
president of the company, which appear from
the evidence to have been disbursed in con-
nection With the passage of the amendatory
act of July, 1864, of the particulars of which
disbursement the committee have been unable
to obtain satisfactory account. For disburse-
ment of such money, so far as ascertained,
the committee refer to the evidence herewith
reported, as they do also as to the disposition
of the other moneys above named.
Justice to the,parties interested requires that
the grounds on which they rely for their defense
or extenuation should be understood by Con-
gress and the country in their full force. The
contractors, or some of them, justify these
transactions on the following grounds:
1. That nearly every railroad which has been
built in the United States for the past twenty
years, although its charter may have required
the payment of its capital in cash, has in fact
been constructed under an arrangement by
which the capital stock was in large part paid
in road-building.
2. That it would have been impossible to
build the road under the acts of Congress, if
the condition requiring the capital to be paid
in money had been strictly enforced.
3. That the act required the books to be
kept open for subscriptions until the comple-
tion of the road, or until one hundred millions
of capital stock were subscibed. If at any time
before the completion of the road, the stock
was in actual value above par, it would be in
the power of any person by subscribing and
paying for new stock at par to avail himself
of the value which the stock had derived
wholly at the risk, and through the labors of
former subscribers, and that this provision
rendered a compliance with the act impos-
sible.
4. That all the stockholders of the railroad
company consenting and being parties, these
transactions though in form a contract were
in substance a dividend which they had a per-
fect right to make, and with which no outside
party can justly find fault.
5. That the railroad company acquired by
the transaction something more than the mere
construction of a road for cash ; that the ar-
rangement called into their service the vast
personal credit of Oakes Ames and others,
without which it could never have been built,
and which could not have been called into the
service of the road at less expense.
0. That if the road had been built by con-
tractors in the ordinary way, either under one
contractor or cut up into numerous subdivis-
ions, then a profit of sixteen to twenty per cent,
would not have been unreasonable or improper,
and that no more profit has in fact been made
here.
7. That the managers of the road believed
they were complying with the requirements of
the law in substance.
8. That they were advised by eminent coun-
sel that they were so complying.
9. That the country has in fact received not
only the vast public benefit resulting from
the early completion of the road, but the
pecuniary saving to the United States in postal
and military transportation and the mainte-
nance of troops is so great that they are enti-
tled to gratitude and not censure for having
departed from the letter of the law which
rendered the construction of the road impos-
sible.
10. That it may be partly true that the cap-
ital stock ought not to be divided, and that
the bounty of the Government or the moneys
borrowed ought to have been kept in the
Treasury; but that if they had dealt with a
stranger they could have got no better terms
than they in fact got for building the road.
And if they added to the credit of the road
their own personal credit it was not unreason-
able that they should make a dividend of so
much as they would have had to pay to a
stranger as profit.
These arguments the committee have care-
fully weighed. Some of them are not without
force.
We will consider them in their order. It is
perhaps true that the clause in railroad char-
ters requiringpayment of the capital in money,
has been of late years constantly disregarded
or evaded. But these conditions are com-
monly inserted in charters granted by State
authority as a protection to the public against
the contracting of debts by organizations with-
out either corporate funds' or the power to s
pledge the personal liability of their members.
The fund, as is said by Judge Story, is a sub-
stitute for personal responsibility. Where the
purpose of the charter, namely, the construc-
tion of the railroad has been accomplished and
the road acquired by the company by exchang-
ing its stock for construction, and no person is
misled, the public benefited by the enterprise
has been disposed to d eal leni ently with the vio -
lation of law. Bat in this case the Government
gave to this corporation its franchise, its right of
way, including substantially its entire roadbed,
a vast area of public domain, its credit to the
amount of over $27,000,000, and enabled it to
obtain a like amount by mortgaging the prop-
erty the Government gave it. The Govern-
ment never consented to trust its property to
men who had not put their own money into
the enterprise. It never consented to take
security for its reimbursement at the end of
thirty years, solely on the property it had ad-
vanced. It never expected to rely for the per-
formance of these great public duties upon a
company whose debts equaled its whole prop-
erty. The law-making power, if its mandates
are to be obeyed or respected hereafter, cannot
accept as an excuse for disobedience to its ex-
press directions, by the corporation it has
created, that the members of that corporation
have decided that those directions were un-
reasonable and unnecessary.
In this case the provision of the charter, re-
quiring the stock to be paid for in money, has
been grossly violated; because, as is apparent,
nearly the whole of the stock that has been
issued represents no value to the railroad com-
pany ; or, to state it differently, was issued with-
out any consideration whatsoever.
2 and 3. If it was impossible to build the
road according to the act of Congress, they
had no right to build it. They could easily
have represented their difficulty to Congress,
which has dealt generously with them from the
beginning.
4. It may be that all the existing stock-
holders shared these profits so that what was
in form a contract was in substance a divi-
dend. But nothing is better settled than that
a railroad corporation has no right, either as
against creditors or a minority of its stock-
holders, to distribute any part of its capital as
dividends, and that a court of equity will inter-
fere to prevent it. There can be still less jus-
tification for using the proceeds of moneys
borrowed either of the Government or on the
first mortgage for the purpose of a dividend.
5. The claim that these gentlemen had
aided the enterprise with their own personal
credit at first seemed a forcible one, but it
disappears when carefully examined.
Let us see exactly what risk was assumed at
the beginning of the execution of the Oakes
Ames contract. If the contract on the whole
appeared at any time during the progress of
the work likely to be unprofitable, the clause
giving the trustees an irrevocable proxy to
vote on six tenths of every man's stock
enabled them to obtain the consent of both the
nominal parties to its abandonment.
They were to have their bonds of both
classes for each twenty miles when that twenty
miles was completed, and, on the certificate of
the chief engineer and commissioners, a pro-
portionate share for incompleted work. They
were entitled by their contract to about
$3,000,000 profits on the portion of the road
which had been completed under a previous
contract, but was included at a higher price in
theirs. All they put at risk, therefore, was
what they had to advance to build each twenty
miles of the road, and this risk only lasted
