1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Union Pacific Railroad—Report,
Ho. of Reps.
made because of the desire of the committee
to submit it to the consideration of the House
without that delay which would be unavoid-
able if the report should be attempted to be
made complete before any part of the matters
submitted to the committee are presented to
the House. It is the purpose of the commit-
tee to proceed at once to consider and report
upon the residue of the matters referred.
The committee have given much consider-
ation to the question of remedy. To discuss
it fully would extend this report, already too
long, to an undue length. We will briefly
state our conclusions. It is proper further to
state that nothing has been disclosed in the
evidence indicating any misappropriations of
the moneys of the company by the present
management.
We think the facts we have stated would fur-
nish ground for judgment of forfeiture of all the
franchises of the corporation, including the prin-
cipal franchise to be a corporation. On proper
process, according to the American decisions,
judgment of forfeiture on quo warranto is not
followed by an absolute forfeiture to the Gov-
ernment of all the property of a corporation,
as was the earlier English practice; but a
court of equity in such case has jurisdiction to
divide the assets among the creditors or stock-
holders. We have no doubt also of the right
of Congress to repeal the charter which is
expressly reserved in the act of 1862, and that
on such repeal equity would distribute the
assets in like manner. But the objection to
either proceeding is twofold : first, it would be
harsh and unjust to forfeit the rights of the
present stockholders, a large majority of whom
have bought their stock in good faith in the
market, for the wrong doing of their predeces-
sors ; second, in either case above supposed,
equity could only distribute the assets as in
case of bankruptcy or death, neither court nor
Congress could compel the present owners to
embark their property in continuing the exer-
cise of the same franchise under a new organ-
ization. The railroad must then stop or be
operated by the Government, or be sold at a
forced sale in the market. To either of these
proceedings there are grave public objections.
The committee have then sought for a remedy
which would compel the recovery of the prop-
erty of the road from those persons who have
received it wrongfully, and its application in
future to the purposes of the road and the pay-
ment of its debts, including that due the Uni-
ted States. The question of the right to such
recovery is of course purely judicial. Wecannot
by act of Congress impose upon any man a
legal or equitable obligation to pay money into
the treasury of the company. But we have the
right to make provision for as simple and
speedy and ample a remedy as possible.
Can this remedy be by suit in the name of
the United States? The United States sus-
tains several relations to this corporation.
First, it is the sovereign which created the cor-
poration. It may proceed by quo warranto at
common law for forfeiture ot the franchise.
The objections to this proceeding have been
stated. The sovereign m England has a vis-
itorial power over certain public corporations,
which is exercised through the chancelor.
But it has been held that this is a power which
the chancelor exercises as the king's servant
or representative, and is not a part of the
powers of a court of equity as such, and does
not reside in the national courts of the United
States. It is doubtful whether the equity
power-to regulate charities, though it has been
extended over certain trusts created for the
public interests which are not included within
the popular and perhaps not within the tech-
nical definition of a charity, would extend over
a corporation which, though created for a pub-
lic purpose, conducts its business for private
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—-No. 8.
gain. The United States also sustains the rela-
tion to this corporation of creditor. But as an
ordinary creditor it cannot go into equity for
relief against the equitable assets of its debtor
until it has first obtained judgment at common
law. Whether any present debt exists, due
and payable to the United States from this
corporation, is a matter of grave debate, which
is already before another committee of this
House.
But we think the corporation and the United
States sustain the relation of trustee and cestui
que trust. The United States have placed in
the hands of the corporation large properties
to be managed for a public purpose, for which
management the corporators are to be com-
pensated by the gains lawfully made in the
employment. After the completion of the road,
five per cent, of the net earnings of the busi-
ness are to be applied to the payment of the
debt of the United States. Bonds of the United
States, payable in thirty years from their date,
are issued to the company, and on the refusal
or failure of the company to redeem said bonds,
or any part of them, when required so to do
by the Secretary of the Treasury, in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act, the said
road with all the rights, functions, immuni-
ties, and appurtenanccs thereto belonging,
and also all lands granted to the said company
by the United States which at the time of said
default shall remain in the ownership of the
said company may be taken possession of by
the Secretary of the Treasury for the use and
benefit of the United States. (Statute 1862, sec-
tion five.) The statute of 1864, section ten
"subordinates the lien of the United States
to that of the bonds of the companies author-
ized by that act to be issued." This is not a
mere mortgage or lien on existing and ascer-
tained property. It is a right to have a fund
intrusted to the corporation for management
applied at a future day to the benefit of the
United States, and to have in the mean time a
share of the profits of such management also
so applied. A trust is an obligation on the
part of the legal owner of property to manage
and apply it for the benefit of another.
If the United States had reserved, as it
lawfully might, the right to five per cent, of
the net earnings and to enter upon the whole
property at the end of thirty years for its own
absolute benefit, it would have presented a
state of facts which would serve for a clear
and simple illustration of a trust. It can be
no less a trust that the benefits the United
States are to receive is limited to the payment
of a debt. Its security for the payment of the
debt is the equitable property reserved to it
by the act which creates the corporation,
endows it, and defines the terms on which the
endowment shall be held.
Both the grant of the land and the issue of
bonds to this company were made for the pur-
pose and on the trust expressly declared in
the grant in these words, "for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of said railroad
and telegraph line and to secure the safe and
speedy transportation of the mails, troops,
munitions of war and public stores thereon,"
and "to promote the public interest and wel-
fare by the construction of said railroad and
telegraph line by keeping the same in working
order, and to secure to the Government at all
times (but particularly in time of war) the use
and benefits of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes."
The committee do not doubt that the pro-
ceeds of these lands and bonds, as well as of
the first mortgage bonds which the Govern-
ment has provided to secure by a lien prior to
its own, are held as an express trust by this
company and applicable alone to said declared
purposes of the acts. Any distribution of
the proceeds o£ either of these funds as profits
or dividends to stockholders is illegal, as vio-
lative of the declared purposes of the trust.
We have, then, the case of a corporation
which is a trustee, in the taanagement of per-
sons who have divided the trust funds among
themselves, who have promised to pay for its
capital stock in cash, which promises they have
not lcejDt, and on which they are still liable,
and which the corporation neglects to enforce,
and who have made contracts with themselves
in reference to the trust fund, the profits on
which contracts they ought in equity account
for to the trust fund upon the most simple
principles of equity. A suitcan be maintained
by any cestui que trust to compel the collection
of these assets, and that the trustee shall hold
them hereafter as part of the trust property.
It will be no answer to this statement to say
that the ultimate security of the United States
has not been impaired. This is far from being
true in fact. If it were true, the United States
have a right to have the security which they
stipulated for, even if it be more than is neces-
sary.
If we are wrong in this opinion, there is no
remedy except by resorting to the extreme
power of repealing the act. Those questions
are judicial questions, as we have said. We
propose a simple method of raising and determ-
ining them in one suit, and of securing so
far as we can the administration of the fund
according to law in the future.
The committee, then, find that there are per-
sons connected with the Credit Mobilier hold-
ing such bonds as are contemplated by the
order of the House.
They are not holders of the same in good
faith p,nd for value, but did procure the same
illegally.
Wedonotrecommend thatthe United States
refuse to pay these bonds or their interest
without a judicial ascertainment of the facts.
We think that so many persons hold the first
mortgage bonds of .the Union Pacific railroad
in good faith and for value that the said mort-
gage ought not to be set aside.
We report the facts as to the character of
the organization known as the Credit Mobilier.
We refer for facts as to members of Con-
gress and officers of the Government connected
therewith to the evidence taken before the
committee of which Mr. Poland, of Vermont,
is chairman, and to that herewith submitted ;
and
We respectfully report the accompanying
bill, and recommend its passage.
J. M. WILSON,
SAM'L SHELLABARGER,
GEO. P. HOAR,
H. W. SLOCUM.
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and otherpurposes," and to secure
tbe interests of the united States and of
the people in the Union Pacific railroad.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of Amer-
ica in Congress assembled, That the Attorney
General shall cause a suit in equity to be
instituted in the name of the United States
against the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
and against all persons who may in their own
names or through any agents have subscribed
for or received capital stock in said road, which
stock has not been paid for in full in money,
or who may have received as dividends or
otherwise portions of the capital stock of said
road or the proceeds or avails thereof, or other
property of said road, unlawfully and contrary
to equity, or who may have received as profits
or proceeds of contracts for construction or
