114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. op Reps.
Washington Monument—Report.
42x> Cong....3d Sess.
equipment of said road or other contracts
therewith, moneys or other property which
ought in equity to belong to said railroad cor-
poration, or who may under pretense of
having complied with the acts to which this is
an addition have wrongfully and unlawfully
received from the United States bonds, moneys,
or lands, which ought in equity to be accounted
for and paid to said railroad company or to
the United States, aud to compel payment for
said stock, and the collection and payment
of such moneys and the restoration of such
property or its value either to said railroad
corporation or to the United States, which-
ever shall in equity be held entitled thereto.
Seo. 2. That said suit may be brought in the
circuit court in any circuit, and all said parties
may be made defendants in one suit. Decrees
may be entered and enforced against any one
or more parties defendant without awaiting the
final determination of the cause against other
parties. The court where said cause is pend-
ing may make such orders and decrees and
issue such process as it shall deem necessary
to bring in new parties or the representatives
of parties deceased, or to carry into effect the
purposes of this act. On filing the bill, writs
of capias and attachment may be issued by
said court against any parties defendant, which
writs shall run into any district, and shall be
served as other like process by the marshal of
such district, on which property, real and per-
sonal, may be attached to abide the event of
the suit as like property may by law be at-
tached on writs issuing from the circuit court
in such district.
Sec. 3. That the books, records, correspond-
ence, and all other documents of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company shall at all' times
be open to inspection by the Secretary of the
Treasury, or such persons as he may delegate
for that purpose.
Seo. 4. That the laws of the United States
providing for proceedings in bankruptcy shall
not be held to apply to said corporation.
Seo. 5. That no dividend shall hereafter be
made by said company but from the actual net
earnings thereof, and no new stock shall be
issued or mortgages or pledges made on the
property or future earnings of the company
without leave of Congress, except for the pur-
pose of funding and securing debts now exist-
ing, or the renewals thereof.
Seo. 6. That no director or officer of said
road shall hereafter be interested directly or
indirectly in any contract therewith, except for
his lawful compensation as such officer.
Seo. 7. That any director or officer who shall
pay or declare or aid in paying or declaring
any dividend or creating any mortgage or
pledge prohibited by this act, or who shall
offend against the provisions of the sixth sec-
tion thereof, shall be punished by imprison-
ment not exceeding two years, and by fine not
exceeding $5,000.
Minority report.
I concur in the facts and figures presented
in this report, so far as the same could be
ascertained through the testimony of those
who have been connected with the Union
Pacific and Credit Mobilier Companies, and
the legal remedies recommended by the com-
mittee, but I object to the adoption of the
report as incomplete, under the resolution
referred to this committee January^ 6, 1873,
until some recommendation is embodied in the
same in reference to certain members of Con-
gress who have had transactions with_ Hon.
Oakes Ames, as will be found detailed in the
report of Hon. Luke P. Poland, as chairman,
&c., believing that the same should be promptly
considered and disposed of without further
loss of time.
THOS. SWANK.
Washington Monument.
EEPOET
OF THK
Select Committee of Thirteen upon the Wash-
ington Monument.
Saturday, February 22, 1873, Mr. Chipmah,
chairman, submitted the following report:
On January 27, 1873, the following resolu-
tions were adopted by the House of Represent-
atives :
"Resolved, That a committee of thirteen be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, whose duty it shall be to
confer with tho officers and members of the Wash-
ington Monument Society upon the practicability
of completing tho Washington monument by the
approaching centonnial, and that said committeo
liavo leave to report at anytime, by bill or otherwise.
"Uesolvcd further, That Saturday, at two o'clock
P. m., February 22d next, be especially assigned for
the consideration of said report."
The committee authorized by the foregoing
resolutions have had under consideration the
subject referred to therein, and have become
fully impressed with the belief that the pres-
ent time is not only opportune for congres-
sional action in the matter, but that the honor
of the nation demands it. To present to the
House the facts connected with previous efforts
to erect a monument to the memory of Wash-
ington, a brief historical review becomes
necessary.
On the 7th day of August, 1783, the Conti-
nental Congress resolved unanimously, " that
an equestrian statue of General Washington
be erected at the place where the residence of
Congress shall be established." It was also
directed at the time that this statue should be
supported by a marble pedestal, representing
four principal events of the revolutionary war
in which Washington commanded in person.
Upon the monument was to have been in-
scribed the following declaration:
"The United States, in Congress assembled, or-
dered this statue to be erected in tho year of our
lord 1783, in honor of George Washington, the illus-
trious Commandor-in-Chief of tho armies of tho
United States of Americaduring the war which vin-
dicated and secured thoir liborty, sovereignty, and
independence."
Before the purpose of this resolution was
effected Washington died, and Congress, on
the 24th of December, 1799, resolved—
"That a marble monument, bo orected by tho
United States at the city of Washington, and that
tho family of G-onoral Washington be requested to
permit his body to be deposited under it; and that
the monument be so designed as to comroomorato
the great events of his military and political life."
The committee need hardly remind the
House that neither of these resolves of Con-
gress has been executed; and although Con-
gress has, on two occasions, authorized the
erection of statues to the memory of Wash-
ington, one now standing in the east Capitol
grounds, and the other in tho western part of
the city of Washington, they cannot but feel
that these statues in no just sense can be re-
garded as a compliance with the resolutions
of a Congress which was composed of those
who were associates of Washington in our
revolutionary struggle, and not only shared
with him the glory of that period of our history,
but were themselves witnesses of his life and
character.
Many of tho States of the Union have testi-
fied their reverence for the memory of Wash-
ington by enduring monumental tributes far
more appropriate than any which the nation
has yet erected.
For some reason not ascertained by the
committee, the resolutions of Congress which
have been referred to, remaining unexecuted,
in 1883 a voluntary association of patriotic
citizens was formed for the purpose of erect-
ing "a great national monument to the mem-
ory of Washington at the seat of the Federal
Government."
Chief Justice Marshall was, the first pres-
ident of this association, aud at his death he
was succeeded, in 1835, by ex-President Mad-
ison. Mr. Madison, then in the eighty-fifth
year of his age, in accepting his appointment,
said:
" X am *ery sensible of the distinction conferred
by the relations in which the society has placed me,
and feeling, like my illustrious predecessor, a deep
interest in tho object of the association, I cannot
withhold, as an ovidence of it, the acceptance ot the
appointment, though aware that in my actual con-
dition, it cannot be moro than honorary, and that
under no circumstances could it supply the loss
which the society has sustained. A monument
worthy tho memory of Washington, reared by tho
means proposed, will commeraorateatthesametame
avirtue, a patriotism, and a gratitude truly national,
with which tho friends of liberty everywhere will
sympathize, and of which our country may always
bo proud."
The progress of the society was slow. It
began upon the theory that to allow all an
apportunity to contribute, the amount #to* be
received from any one person should be limited
to one dollar.
In 1836 the subscriptions had reached the
sum of $28,000, and the funds were invested
in interest bearing securities.
The financial troubles which overspread the
country in 1837 caused the suspension of col-
lections for some time.
In 1845 the restriction as to the amount of
subscriptions to be received from any one per-
son was removed, and in 1847 the collections
and accumulated interest reached the sum of
$87,000, which was deemed sufficient to war-
rant the commencement of the monument.
On the 31st of January, 1848, Congress
passed a resolution authorizing the Washing-
ton Monumental Society to erect—
"A monument to tho memory of Qeo-rge Wash-
ington upon such portion of the public grounds or
reservations, within the city of Washington, not
otherwise occupied, as shall be selected by the Pres-
ident of tho United States and the board of man-
agers of said society as a suitable site on which to
erect the said monument, and for the necessary pro-
tection thereof."
The site selected under the authority of this
resolution was the public reservation on which
the unfinished monument now stands, contain-
ing over thirty acres.
As criticisms have been made with regard
to the site, the committee submit some of the
considerations which led to its selection, as
stated by the association, in its address to the
people of the Uuited States, in 1855, as fol-
lows :
"Tho site selected presents a beautiful view of
the Potomac,- is so elevated that the monument will
be seen from all parts of the surrounding country,
aud, being a public reservation, it is safe from any
tuture obstruction of tho view. It is so near the
river that materials for constructing the monument
can be conveyed to it from tho river at but little
expense." * * * * * * *
" In addition to this and kindred reasons, the adop-
tion of the site was further and impressively rec-
ommended by the consideration that the monument
to be erected on it would be in full view of Mount
Vernon, where rests the ashes of tho fhief; and by
the evidence that Washington himself—who with
unerring judgment had selected this site to be the
capital of the nation—had also selected this very
spot for a 4 monument to the American revolution,'
which in the year 1795 it was proposed should ' be
erected or placed at the permanent seat of Govern-
ment of tho United States.' This monument was to
have been executed by Cerracchi, a Roman sculptor,
and paid for by contributions of individuals. The
same site is marked on Major I/Enfant's map of
Washington city na the site for the equestrian
statue of General Washington ordered by Congress
in 1783, which map was examined, approved, and
transmitted to Congress by him when President of
the United States."
This reservation is a part of the public
grounds connecting the Capitol with the Ex-
ecutive Mansion 5 and the particular spot on
which the monument is being reared is among
the more elevated portions of the city of Wash-
ington.
The plan of the monument li was -adopted
after careful consideration and a wide consult-
ation with experienced and judicious experts,
and a careful comparison of the various plans
