1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IT,
If they are, I think the objection of the Senator
from Vermont is answered. He likened them
to dead men. I thank God tbey are a great
deal better than some live ones, and that they
can be called back to active service, and that
they can and would be well worthy of the
advanced pay proposed. Is not that proper?
Mr. EDMUNDS. If they are called into
active service they get the pay of the active
service.
Mr. BAYARD. They do not get the pay
of the active service under this amendment,
but three fourths of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is perfectly true ;
but when tbey are called into active service
they do get the full pay of the active service
men.
Mr. BAYARD. And they deserve it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; nobody de-
nies that they deserve it, but they get it by
existing law. You do not want this law to
give them active service pay when they are
performing active service. The simple ques-
tion is whether standing, as retired officers
under ancient laws, you are to bring up their
pay to the present standard and refuse to
bring up the pensions of the retired officers
and the widows or others who have died
hitherto to the present standard ; and if you do
it you are bound to make up all the arrear-
ages. There is the difficulty.
I think it much better, therefore, in the
interest of the Navy itself and in the interest
of all the people concerned, that we should
leave people's rights when they have retired
from the public service either by death or
otherwise to stand upon the laws that existed
when they were retired, otherwise you are
entirely at sea.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
(Mr. Edmunds) to the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and the ayes were 16 and the noes 27.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not vote on the
last division because the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] requested me to pair
with him. He was called to the discharge of
duties 011 a committee, and I paired with him
on the amendment just voted on and on the
question which follows.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T call for the yeas and
nays on the last question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called for the yeas
and nays more for the purpose of making a
single remark. It does seem to me that this
(jucstion cannot have been understood. What
is the provision it is proposed to strike out?
It is simply this : here are certain officers who
never were rear admirals at all, who were
retired as officers inferior to rear admirals,,
and they were having the pay of the rank on
which they were retired ; but a year or two
ago Congress in its bounty agreed that they
should have the pay of rear admirals although
they were^ not retired as rear admirals at all;
Congress increased their pay. They never were
rear admirals. Now, what is proposed? You
propose to pay men, instead of one half of
their pay when in active service, three quarters
of their pay ; and the provision then, in order
to meet this class of cases of persons who were
retired not as rear admirals, is inserted here
to give them the increased pay that is given to
rear admirals ; in other words, to make the
retired pay of a man who never was a rear
admiral, who was notretired as a rear admiral,
equal to the present pay of a rear admiral who
is retired. Is that right? If you do it in ref-
erence to these persons not retired as rear
admirals, I would ask you how you can refuse
to do it to any captain? Why is a man who
is retired to-morrow holding the same rank as
any of these persons who were retired years
ago, not to have the pay of rear admiral ? Why
this distinction? Are these gentlemen who
were retired as captains or commodores many
years ago entitled to any larger pay than one
who may be retired as captain or commodore
to-morrow? It does seem tome that this is
making a discrimination in favor of these per-
sons that cannot stand upon any principle.
Mr. CRAGIN. The objection of the Sena-
tor from Illinois would have applied well to the
law when we passed itayear or two ago. I wish
simply to read the statute here referred to:
"That from and after the 30th of June, 1870, the
rear admirals on the retired list of the Navy, who
were retired as captains when the highest grade in
the Navy was captain, at the age of sixty-two years,
or after forty-five years' r.ervice, and who, after their
retirement, were promoted to the grade of rear
admirals and performed the duties of that grade in
time of war, shall, when not on duty, be entitled to
and receive the pay of rear admirals on the retired
list."
The whole history of the case is this : at
the beginning of the war, as I stated before,
the highest grade was captain, but Congress
created the grades of commodore and rear
admiral, and just before that was done the
highest men in the grade of captain, String-
ham and Smith, and the others whom I named,
were retired, and in the same bill Congress
authorized the President to select the nine on
the list of captains who had performed the
most distinguished service to their country to
be retired as_rear admirals. Nine men were
selected. Five of them have died ; four re-
main ; and a year ago Congress thought there
was no reason why these four men who stood
at the head of men who were afterward pro-
moted as rear admirals because the law has
been changed, should not after coming to the
age of eighty years have the same pay as their
junior officers who were under them. It was
an act of generosity and magnanimity to these
few men, and in passing this amendment we
simply wish to keep them along as rear ad-
mirals. While we advance the pay of the tnen
who were under Rear Admiral Jo. Smith when
the highest grade was captain, we provide now
that they shall not get more than shall this
worthy.rear admiral on the retired list.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This illustrates this
method of legislation extremely well. Five
of these gentlemen have died and left widows
and families. Why should we not take care
of them upon the same principle ?
Mr. CRAGIN. There are no widows on
the retired list, my friend knows.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that very well ;
but there is a widow who is hungry, just as
hungry as if she were on the retired list, let
me tell the Senator. People cannot live with-
out eating if they do not happen to be honored
by being on the retired list. Now the Senator
proposes, because these poor families are left
destitute, to make a discrimination against
them, and to pay more to the living while he
makes no provision for the widows of the
dead. That is the attitude this kind of legis-
lation puts us into. It is exactly like another
amendment, which I shall ask to have recon-
sidered, that was adopted without being
noticed, which carries this same principle to
prize money. The Committee on Naval
Affairs squeezed into this bill a provision that
we shall go back as to prize money and give
to fleet captains and other people, who were
not entitled to prize money at the time it was
distributed out of the Treasury, all that they
would have earned if the law had been differ-
ent when the prizes were taken ; and that is
exactly on t.he same principle.
Mr. ANTHONY. The older captains when
they were retired and those to whom this pro-
vision applies would have been admirals if the
grade of admiral had existed, and they ought
to have been admirals; and now if they are
retired upon less than the pay of the admirals
and their juniors are retired upon the pay of
admirals, they receive less pay than men who
served under them." I think that appeals to the
justice of every man.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. As I mean to vote for
retaining the words now sought to be struck
out, I wish to speak of one objection to them,
spite of which I mean to vote for retaining
them. I understood my learned friend from
Vermont to propound this warning to us, that
there is an impropriety, if not an injustice, in
giving increased pay to some retired officers^
because when some other retired officer died the-
law did not give this increased pay to his widow,
and that by way of atonement or symmetry of
action if we are to do this, we ought to go oa
and give a pension to the survivors of those
who died under & different condition of the
law.
When we had the bill before us, to which
another Senator has referred, to give pay to
judges after having attained the age of seventy
and ceased to execute any judicial function,
I never heard that it was necessary as an act
of justice to go back also and give a pension
or pay to the widow or children of the late
Chief Justice of the United States who had
then died and had not died in affluence ; nor
have I ever on such an occasion as this heard
before that you did injustice to those whose
right had become fixed and had ceased to exist
under one condition of the law because for the
future you proposed to make a different pro-
vision. I must say I think that is almost a
refinement upon sophistry. If there is no
better reason than that for striking out these
words, I shall vote to retain the words with
more clearness of vision than I had until my
friend placed himself upon such a suggestion,
as that. I undertake to say that it does not
occur one time in ten where you increase
anybody's pay for the future, that the argu-
ment the Senator makes here would not be
just as applicable as to this case.
Mr. ANTHONY. These men who were-
retired as captains were admirals in every-
thing except name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So was Scott general
when he fought the Mexican war in everything
but name.
Mr. ANTHONY. If General Scott had'
been retired and there had been a higher
grade of the Army created after he retired,
would any man have refused to give him the
retired pay of the Commander-in-Chief of the
Army, whether he might be called nvijor
general, Lieutenant General, or General?
Mr. CRAGIN. Every one of these men
was a rear admiral during the war in active
service and commanded a fleet.
Mr. ANTHONY. Precisely. After having
been retired they came back into active ser-
vice and served as admirals ; and now because
they had been retired before they were put
back into service in the highest grade of the
service, we propose to pay them less than is
paid to their juniors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe I have exhausted
my time, and therefore cannot reply to the
refinement of sophistry which my friend from
New York has made upon the observations
that I made; and I can only say that he does
not state the case as 1 did at all, nor as it is,
as I understand it; but I do not wish to occupy
time in violation of the rule.
Mr. SCHURZ. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman,] who would have voted " nay" had
he been present, and I should have voted
'* yea" on this motion to strike out.
Mr. AMES. J am paired with the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Wright.] If present he
would vote ''yea," and I should vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays SO ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Cole, Djris, Edmunds, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Kelly,
Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Robertson,
Spencer, Sprague, Trumbull, and Vickers—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Conkling,
