1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freiing-
huysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Lewis. Mo ton, Nye,
Pool, Ramsey. Rice, Saulsbury, Sawye*, Stewart,
Wilson, and Windom—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Gold-
thwaite, Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Logan, Morrill
of Maine. Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Ransom, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, West, and
Wright—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. AMES. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Wright.]
If he were present he would vote " nay," and
I should vote " yea."
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam paired with the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.] If
he were here he would vote "yea," and I
should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Anthony. Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Harlan, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Rice, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, and Stewart—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitch-
cock, Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Spraguo, Tipton, Vickers, Wilson,
and Windom—17. „
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Boreman,. Brownlow,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clapton, Hamlin, Hill, Howe,
Johnston, Logan, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ran-
som, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurman, Trumbull, West, and Wright—-24.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment about prize
money, which is at the end of the print, I
think, was concurred in. I should like to
have the Secretary report it.
Mr. COLE. There are some other reserved
amendments yet to be acted upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to do any-
thing out of order, but I believe I am in order
in making the motion now; but I do not
know. 1 should like to have it, acted on now
while the Senate is full.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan.) The Senator from Vermont
moves to reconsider au amendment adopted
in Committee of the Whole and concurred in
in the Senate, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
That the second and third paragraphs of the tenth
section of the Navy prize law, approved June ot),
1864 which relates to the shares of fleet captains,
shall apply to officers serving in those positions
from April, 1861, the commencement of the late
war, and the shares shall be paid in the manner as
provided for division commanders in the second
paragraph.
Mr. EDMUNDS. While the Senate is
comparatively full, I ask leave to make a
statement as to how this matter stands, inas-
much as the amendment passed in committee
ill my absence and was concurred in without
being noticed as being a part of the general
amendments to the bill. _ ,
By the law as it stood in 1864 and during
the war, before that and since, several regu-
lations were made as to the people who were
entitled to prize money. Among those were
division commanders, as they were called ;
that is, those, I suppose, who had general
charge of a fleet guarding a particular part of
the coast or engaging in a particular naval
enterprise. Under those existing laws some
prizes were taken, never in actual warfare,
because in the only actual fight that took
place, that between the Kearsarge and the
Alabama, the Alabama went to the bottom,
and we have paid for that, so that that has
nothing to do with it; but blockade runners
were captured as prizes of war. One hail oi
the value of all those prizes was according to
existing laws distributed among the officers
and crews of the fleets making the captures,
and the other half was paid into the Treasury.
Now, it is said that it happened that there
were certain officers connected with some of
those fleets, not the officers on the very ships,
necessarily, who made the the captures, but
somewhere connected with the fleets, who
were called fleet captains, and that by the law
as it then stood they were not entitled to share
in these prizes by their constructive presence,
and so the prize money was distributed among
those who were entitled to it. The proposi-
tion now is to take out of the Treasury of the
United States the amount of money that these
respective fleet captains, as they are called,
would have been entitled to if the law during
the war had authorized fleet captains to share
in the prize money under the particular cir-
cumstances where the fleet captain did not
happen to get it under the existing law.
That is to say, we are to go back and reg-
ulate the distribution of prize money that has
long since taken place under law, and to make
up for supposed defects in the law by taking
the money out of the Treasury and giving it to
these fleet captains who were not entitled to it
by law at the time the prizes were taken and
the distribution made. That is the question.
If you are to do that, of course you must do it
in all other similar cases, and readjust all your
prize laws every time a person—although he
got what the law gave him—fails to get what
he thinks by existing law it would have been
better he should have had. I hope, therefore,
that this vote will be reconsidered, and that
we shall disagree to that amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the law for the distrib-
ution of prize money is right, and it was
made after full deliberation, then it ought to
apply from the beginning of the war. The
prize law dates, I think, in 1864, and this
amendment distributes to the chiefs of divis-
ions the same money for prizes taken during
the war previous to the passage of the prize
law that they would have subsequent 'to the
passage of that law. All the prizes that were
taken previous to the passage of that law and
not adjudicated were, I think, adjudicated
under the new law. This amendment gives
to chiefs of divisions in the case of prizes
taken before the passage of the law and not
adjudicated upon, the same rights that were
given to those whose prizes were adjudicated
upon afterward. If if is right in one case, it
is right in the other.
1 do not wish to cut off debate if any Senator
has anything further to say on this subject;
but if not, I move to lay this motion to recon-
sider on the table. That may be a good test.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does not that motion
carry the amendment with it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not,
but simply the motion to reconsider.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Caldwell,
Chandler, Clayton. Conkling, Cragin, lderry of Con-
necticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, and bawyer—22. .
NAYS—Messrs. Cole. Cooper, Corbett, Davis, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Machen, Morrill of \ er-
mont, Morton, Norwood, Patterson. Robertson,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Stew-
art Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—24
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard. Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cass-
erlv Frelinghujsen, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston,
Kelly, Logan, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool. I ratt, Ran-
som Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, West, and Windom—2i.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, contrary to that courtesy
that is characteristic of him, cut mo off from
any opportunity of making a reply to him.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator has
spoken five minutes, and that is longer than
ony one else has spoken on this subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not spoken three
minutes. The Chair would have pointed it out
if I had occupied the time allowed.
■Mr. ANTHONY. I distinctly said that if
any Senator desired to speak I would not press
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know my friend from
Rhode Island did not intend any discourtesy ;
but having succeeded by the skin of my teeth
in beating his motion to lay on the table, 1
want to occupy two minutes, if I have them
left, on this motion.
Mr. President, the pay of the Navy was dif-
ferent down to the beginning of the war from
what it was afterward, the pay of the Army was
different, and so was the prize-money question.
Now, if you are going back to readjust prize
money, or particular shares of it, taken from
blockade runners among people who were not
entitled to it, how are you going to refuse to go
back and readjust the pay of the Navy? That
has been changed. The principle involved here
is, that if you are going to declare that people
who were not entitled to prize money in 1804
shall have it now out of the Treasury, because
we have changed the law since, and if the war
were to be fought over again (hey would now
be entitled to prize money, then you ought to
provide that the soldiers and sailors, who were
not paid as much in the beginning of the war
as they were at a later period, should have
their pay made up to them to make it even.
You take care merely of the fleet captains,
and leave the sailors entirely unprovided for.
T am bound to say, not taking up the lime
of the Senate on this motion, although if
necessary I shall move to postpone this bill
indefinitely in order to express my opinion
upon it, it is the most extraordinary proposi-
tion I almost ever saw submitted to this body;
to go back ten years and declare that, people
shall now take money from the Treasury as
constructive prize money that they were not
entitled to when these blockade runners were
captured. I hope we shall disagree to^ this
amendment made as in Committee of flic
Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I he ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. KELLY. 1 desire to state that the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Johnston] is
detained from the Senate on account ot ill-
ness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, navs 20 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Cameron. Cole. Cooper, Davis.
Edmunds, Fenton. Hamilton of Maryland, Jiiteu-
cock, Kelly. Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Mutton.
Pratt, Robertson, Sauhbury, hchure, .Sherman.
Spencer. Stewart, Trumbull, and Wilson ZL
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Conkling, Cragin, Ferry ot Michigan. I'lana-
gan, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Hill. Lewis, Nye, lool,
Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Stockton, W est, and Wjn-
d°ABS'BNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Bore-
man Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Userl™Corbett, Ferry of Connect cut, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamilton ot Texas, llarlan, Howe,
Johnston, Logan Morrill of Maine. Norwood, Os-
born, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ransom, Scott, Spr.igut,
Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman, liplou, Vickors, and
Wright—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have at last reached
the point where this amendment itself, put m
by inadvertence so far as the action of the
Senate went, is open to discussion ; but 1 do
not wish to take the time of the Senate lor a
single moment beyond stating that 1 hope we
