116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Washington Monument—Report.
42d Cong.... 3d Sbss.
pletion of the monument rest wholly upon the
efforts of the monument society?
Second. Shall Congress assume the entire
responsibility, and to that end repeal th e
charter of the society?
Third. Shall Congress aid the society by an
appropriation, leaving it to continue its efforts
to raise funds for the completion of the mon-
ument?
As to the first, the committee find that the
society has made every reasonable effort to
revive public interest and to secure subscrip-
tions ; but its efforts have failed, and will con-
tinue to fail, without some expression of con-
fidence on the part of Congress in the form of
material aid.
As to the second view, the committee are
unwilling to recommend the disbandonment
of an association which has already done so
much, and is still willing to continue its
patriotic efforts to redeem the plighted faith
of the nation.
The committee have taken the third view
presented, namely, that of recommending an
appropriation by Congress, and of the contin-
uation of the society for the purpose of solic-
iting further subscriptions under the original
idea upon which it started. The committee
are satisfied that, with an appropriation suffi-
ciently large to enable the work to be resumed
in the early spring, the society will be able to
supplement the appropriation during the pres-
ent year by a sufficient amountto continuethe
monument to its completion.
The first century of our history, which is
now drawing to a close, has been one of
unparalleled prosperity in the history of
nations. No country has been so blessed as
ours. In the height of our prosperity we
may not forget the struggles of those men of
revolutionary times, who made this prosperity
possible.
The common consent, not only of the peo-
ple of these Uuited States, but of mankind,
has made George Washington the central fig-
ure of this wonderful republic. All nations,
civilized and uncivilized, have by monumental
testimonials commemorated the great events
of their history, and testified their gratitude
to public benefactors. Such testimonials are
not erected simply as personal tributes to the
character of the men, the remembrance of
whose association with such great events they
perpetuate, but they serve the further and loftier
purpose of constantly keeping in mftid the
importance of the events themselves in which
such public benefactors have figured; and
they also serve to stimulate the generations as
they succeed each other to a higher patriotism
and purer citizenship.
No one can doubt that the spectacle pre-
sented at the national capital to-day by the
unfinished monument to the memory of that
man whose history is the history of our repub-
lic, has tended to deaden patriotic feeling and
to diminish that grateful affection in which
Washington was once cherished, and in which
he should ever be held by the American
nation. No people can truly appreciate the
principles of tree government without cherish-
ing with something like religious fervor the
memory of those men who are conspicuous
from time to time in preserving those prin-
ciples.
We have been taught to look upon George
Washington as embodying those mental and
moral characteristics which are typical of a
free people, and it will be a sad day to this
Republic when this idol of the American heart
is broken.
Feeling assured that any reasonable effort
made by Congress at this time to redeem the
pledges of the nation in regard to this monu-
ment will meet the hearty approval of those
we claim to represent, and will rouse them to
active effort to remove the reproach against
our national gratitude which this unfinished
shaft daily utters, your committee report the
accompanying bill, and recommend its pass-
N. P. CHIPMAN, Chairman.
HORACE MAYNAKD.
N. P. BANKS.
S. S. BURDETT.
S. W. KELLOGG.
C. A. ELDREDGE.
STEVENSON ARCHER.
JOHN CR1TCHER.
D. W. VOORHEES.
JAMES MONROE.
W. L. SESSIONS.
JOHN HILL.
0. L. COBB.
An act to aid in the construction of the Wash-
ington monument.
Be it enacted, &c., That to carry out the
resolve of Congress of December 24, 1799, to
erect a marble monument at the Federal capital
in memory of George Washington, there be, and
hereby is, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated the sum
of $200,000, to aid the Washington National
Monument Society in the erection and com-
pletion of the Washington monument at the
city of Washington, which sum shall be ex-
pended under the direction of the President of
the United States: Provided, That no money
shall be drawn upon this appropriation until
the President shall be satisfied, from the report
of a competent engineer, to be detailed by him
to examine the same, that the present unfin-
ished obelisk can be safely carried to the pro-
posed height of six hundred feet, and that the
foundations are sufficient, for the proper sup-
port of the superstructure: And provided
farther, That the money herein appropriated
shall be drawn from time to time, as may be
required for the work, upon the requisition of
the President.
APPENDIX.
Report of Lieutenant W. L. Marshall.
Office op Public Buildings and Grounds,
Washington, d. o., February 21, 1873.
General: I have the honor to submit here-
with, in reply to the letter of Hon. N. P. Chip-
man, addressed to you 011 the 12th instant, and
which letter was referred to me, the following
report upon the Washington monument, made
by Lieutenant Marshall, of the engineer corps,
whom you detailed, at my request, to make
the examination of the present unfinished
monument, desired by Mr. Chipman.
Lieutenant Marshall was instructed, in mak-
ing his report, to confine himself to a mere
statement of the present condition of the struc-
ture ; and he has made only such recommenda-
tions as he would bo fully borne out in from
the examination which he has been able to
make in the very short time which has been
allowed.
I am, General, your obedient servant,
O. E. BABCOCK,
Major of Engineers, U. S. A.
General A. A. Humphreys,
Chief of Engineers, If. S. A.
[Report.]
Washington, D. C.,
February 19, 1873.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing report, in compliance with the letter to
the chief of engineers dated February 2,1873,
from Hon. N. P. Chipman, chairman of the
Washington Monument Committee of the
House of Representatives, referred to you for
report, and requesting information upon the
following points in regard to the Washington
monument:
1. Whether any grounds exist "for doubting
the security of the foundation.
2. The probable cost of completing the
obelisk in accordance with the present plans.
3. The probable cost of covering the ma-
sonry of the base in a plain and inexpensive
manner.
1. In view of the inadequate time allowed
(four days) for the examination of the founda-
tion, no borings, excavations, or examination
of the nature of the ground under the founda-
tion could be made.
The archives of the National Monumental
Association were searched for the records of
the original experiments and investigations
bearing upon this point, but no data whatever
could be found upon which to predicate an
opinion as to the security of the foundation
under the great pressure to which it must
ultimately be subjected should the monument
be completed.
It is therefore practicable at present to pre-
sent only the results of a necessarily hasty and
superficial inspection of the monument and its
foundation course.
In 1859 an examination was made by Lieuten-
ant I. C. Ives, topographical engineers, and a
report submitted by him, which is in the hands
of the committee.
My examination has failed to show any im-
portant changes in the condition of the shaft
or in the foundation since that time. In
addition to the chipping and splintering at
the edges of a few of the blocks of the lower
courses of the marble casing from flush join-
ing, several blocks have been cracked from
the same cause, but not materially impaired
thereby.
The masonry of the foundation courses is a
rubble of blue gneiss. The blocks are gen-
erally large, and the work, for this class of
masonry, good; but both the masonry and
the stone is objectionable for the foundation
courses of such an important and heavy struc-
ture. The stone, being badly selected, is not
sufficiently uniform in texture and strength,
and the masonry should be of dressed stone,
to offer the greatest pbssible resistance to
compression and to distribute the height
most uniformly over the bed of the founda-
tion.
A few of the blocks of the gneiss were found
cracked. As these cracks have been taken as
an indication of unequal settling, the upper
course of the foundation, upon which the obe-
lisk rests, was carefully leveled under my
supervision, with the results as shown in the
diagram below. The reference of the south-
east angle is assumed at ten feet; the numbers
at the angles show the relative levels of these
points:
9.95 N. 9.97
W.
E.
9.98
S.
10
showing a gradual inclination from southeast to
northwest, but, as the entire variation from the
true level is only six tenths of an inch, and the
course was originally, in all probability, leveled
with an ordinary mason's level, it cannot be
assumed that this shows any unequal settling
in the foundation beds. On the contrary, it is
much more nearly horizontal than could be
expected in such rough masonry.
The weight of that portion of the shaft
already completed approximates 58,705,000
pounds, and of the foundation itself 21,505,800
