1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Free Ships—No Subsidies—Mr. Gox.
Ho. op Reps.
pounds. The bed of the foundation has there-
fore borne for eighteen years, without signs
of weakness or failure, the weight of 80,270,800
pounds, and while there is no apparent reason
to believe that it will not bear the additional
weight of 67,095,000 pounds yet to be placed
upon it, there is only negative proof of its
security; and it Would therefore be culpable
to attempt to complete the obelisk on the
present plan until a thorough examination of
the nature of subsoil and its capacity to resist
compression makes it certain, as far as the
human mind can foresee, that the monument
will be as enduring as is the material of which
it is composed. Pears have been expressed
that the material of the lower courses will not
stand the superincumbent weight.
The weight of the entire shaft, if -reared to
the full height of six hundred feet, allowing
one hundred and seventy pounds to the cubic
foot of masonry, will be 125,800,000 pounds,
bearing upon a base of 2,400 square feet.
The pressure is therefore about twenty-six tons
per superficial foot, or less than an eleventh of
the crushing weight, supposing thatthestrength
of the material does not exceed that of ordin-
ary sandstone for building purposes. Owing,
however, to the faulty manner of cutting and
laying the blocks of the marble facing of the
obelisk, an undue pressure is thrown near the
exterior edges of the joints. The clippings
and splintering of the blocks from this cause
may become aggravated as the weight of the
obelisk increases, thus marring the appearance
of the monument.
All queatioas as to the stability of the shaft
itself have been answered by Lieutenant Ives,
in whose conclusion I concur.
In reply to an application for a detailed
plan of the obelisk, and for other information
pertinent to the present question, I received a
letter (herewith inclosed) from the secretary
of the Washington National Monument Asso-
ciation, stating that no such plans or details
could be found.
The want of time has rendered it impracti-
cable to collect from other sources the neces-
sary data upon which to base an estimate of
the cost of completing the shaft.
2. The base of the monument can be en-
cased in marble. If the lower course be cov-
ered with earth the marble casing would be
founded upon that course, and supposing that
the sides or faces are vertical the approximate
cost would be: two hundred and forty cubic
yards marble facing, at eighty-one dollars,
$19,440; three hundred and eighty-one cubic
yards of masonry filling, at twenty dollars,
• $7,620 ; marble steps for east and west faces,
$35,000. This would have a small offset or
landing at the base of the shaft eight feet six
inches wide.
By carrying up the marble casing in offsets
a slight saving would be effected, which would
not exceed the amount of the second item.
This covering, however, would appear like
a very insignificant pedestal, and would rather
detract from than add to the appearance of the
monument.
It would be more suitable to make a simple
terrace of earth of proper dimensions, with its
upper surface paved or otherwise suitably ar-
ranged, presenting the appearance of a mas-
sive obelisk shooting vertically from the solid
earth. As the details of such a terrace, steps,
walks, pavings, &c.,are matters which require
special study, no estimate will be made as to
their cost.
The approximate cost of constructing the
terrace itself, supposing it two hundred feet
square at the top, seventeen feet high, and ter-
minated by slopes of two thirds, is 30,004 cubic
yards embankment, at fifty cents, $15,002 ;
3,065 square yards (slopes) grading, curbing,
and sodding, at one dollar, $3,065; 4,065
square yards (top) grading, sodding, &c., e,t
one dollar, $4,065: total, $22,132. As the
upper surface of the terrace would probably
be paved, the additional cost would be the
difference between the amount of the third item
and the cost of the paving, or from eight to
forty thousand dollars, according to the paving
used, making the maximum cost of the ter-
race, exclusive of the steps and approaches,
$62,000.
Respectfully submitted:
W. L. MARSHALL,
First Lieutenant of Engineers.
Major O. E. Babcock,
Corps of Engineers, Washington, D, C.
Free Skips—No Subsidies.
SPEECH OF HON. S. 8. COX,
OF NEW YORK,
  '
1st the House op Representatives,
February 22, 1873,
On the bill to create shipping commissioners and
grant subsidies.
" If the roads, the railways, the banks, the in-
surance offices, the great joint-stock companies, the
universities, and the public charities were all of
them branches of the Government; if, in addition,
the municipal corporations and local boards, with
all that now devolves upon them, became depart-
ments of the central administration; if the em-
ployes of all these different enterprises were ap-
pointed and paid by the Government, and looked to
the Government for every rise in lifo; not all the
freedom of the press and popular constitution of
the legislature would make this or any other coun-
try free otherwise than in name."—John Stuart Mill
on Liberty, page 98.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, when I addressed
the House on the commerce bill introduced by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
my remarks were not so successful in matter
as I could have wished. I was called on hur-
riedly to respond, without that preparation
at my seat which I had in abundance at my
room. The gentleman gave us a learned,
elaborate, and eloquent speech. There was
nothing to desire in it as a piece of parliament-
ary elocution except the relation between its
premise and conclusion.
I want no better premise than that of the
gentleman from Ohio. Leaving out of ac-
count the poetry and history with which he
has draped his researches, he has proved, what
all admit, that in ancient days, as well as at
present, commerce gave vigorous and inter-
esting life to nations. Who denies that every
p.eople of maritime importance must neces-
sarily be carriers upou the sea? But why is
my learned friend silent in regard to the
" protection of home industry" as a producer
of magnificent results? Is it because that
doctrine was unknown to the ancients?
Where is his eulogy on the custom-houses of
Babylon and Phenicia ? Did they have any such
impediments to trade? In those days there
was no red tape to tie up trade. There was no
stealing of port charges and duties from the
profits of freight money. If my friend had
searched the Scriptures he would have
nowhere found that the " Castor and Pollux"
had any clearance papers, or that her master
was obliged to pay three months' extra wages
on the discharge of a seaman in a foreign port.
Yet to a clever and discerning mind, fruitful
with the observations of travel and the reading
of the Word—there is much in the Bible to
indicate the largest liberty in trade. I might
refer him to a quotation heretofore used here,
which illustrates the felicities of reciprocal
interchange.
We have improved upon all that. Oh, so
much 1 We are a progressive people, crablike
and rapid. Wehave almost "protected" our
merchants out of the ownership of vessels.
By our tyrannical shipping laws we have made
it more costly for them than for any other peo-
ple to sail the few old vessels that remain. That
is the policy of free and enlightened America
of the present day. How does it compare with
that of old Phenicia which, "being the merest
handful of men on the smallest territory that
ever claimed the dignity of an independent
State, became by her forces of caravan and
merchant fleet one of the wealthiest and most
powerful people in the world?" My friend is
so happy in his language; but is he so happy
in his logic?
It would be a literary pleasure, if not legis-
lative instruction, to follow the gentleman
down through the range of history. I rejoice
in contemplating his gorgeous picture of
Venetian opulence. With wondering eyes I
participate in his enthusiasm over the enter-
prise and seamanship of Vasco De Gama. I
then come to this culmination of the commer-
cial prosperity of the north of Europe:
" Mr. Speaker, to-day, as I address you, the cre-
ations of that prodigious commercial power, which
dominated the seas and land of north Europo
throughout centuries, are sending from Lubeek,
Hamburg, Bremen, and Frankfort, lines of steam-
ships which control more of the foreign trade of
New York than is controlled by all the ships under
the flag of this Republio."
I thank the gentleman for this allusion, so
pertinent to my conclusions, and so irrelevant
to his. The gentleman could not by any pos-
sibility have better proved the fallacy of his
own reasoning than by this illustration of com-
mercial prosperity.
What gave such prodigious power to these
cities of northern Europe? I refer first to
their dominant power through centuries. Gov-
ernment subsidies? No. Protection? Why,
if the gentleman had read even in the encyclo-
pedia the power of the Hansa, or Union, he
would solve the problem as I do. The Han-
seatic league was an alliance of traders, not
to extort largesses from the people by tax.
" Commerce," says Appleton, (volume eight,
page 709,) "where it existed was viewed by
the sovereigns as a thing which ought to sup-
ply their own rapacity, rather than as a benefit
to the realm. Petty lords followed the example,
and levied exactions under the pretense of
giving—protection!"
Mr. Speaker, in the debate the other day I
used the word piracy to illustrate the rapacious
character of subsidy and tariff exactions, which
prey upon our commerce as these petty lords
of protection preyed upon the Baltic cities.
A slight retrospect will not only show the
propriety of the phrase, but serve to demon-
strate the grandeur of that commercial empire
which dominated "through the centuries" by
its freedom from exactions. The very city of
New Amsterdam, for which I have a right to
speak, is the offspring of this very free-trade
bund. The commerce of to-day, so grand and
far-reaching that the zones of our earth, are
belted by its ships, steamers, and railroads; so
potential that the oceans are never so tempest-
uous that it cannot ride over its waves, while
speaking through the great depths with the
electric alphabet—harnessing the winds and
the water—vapor and the lightning to do its
bidding—this commerce in which we have so
much interest, and yet so little profit, is the
consequence of a vigorous commercial pro-
test for a free sea and unhampered shipping.
In that early day—as early as the thirteenth
century—the maritime cities of Germany suf-
fered first and most. The rich argosies of
Venice and Genoa, passing from the Mediter-
ranean to the Baltic, were made the prize of
pirates and princes. The Hanseatic league,
led by Hamburgh and afterward by Lubeck,
was banded to hunt these marauders^ from
the sea. The league grew. At one time it
had eighty-five cities. Amsterdam, Rotter-
dam, Ijondon, Bordeaux, Cadiz, and other
cities joined in it, until it became a power, with
