118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Free Ships—No Subsidies—Mr. Cox.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
a diet, an army, and a navy. It challenged
kings and made war on nations. It made
trade potential, and therefore respected. It
reformed the_ laws of the sea. These impe-
rial free cities were the nurseries of free-
dom, municipal and civil. It administered
justice. It created arbitration' for differences.
It circulated the bounties of Providence and
the results of labor for centuries. In fine, it
led the way to a better system of commercial
intercourse, for the refinement of mankind and
the advancement of civilization. Did it creep
on bended knee to the footstool of power and
beg to be fed on bounties ? Did it insist that
its keels should be laid in one port to the ex-
clusion of another? Did it reject the galleons
of Spain or the ships of Holland, because built
in foreign localities ? How bravely it held its
own till Columbus found this New World ; and
then it faded only as the stars pale at the dawn.
This league enriched Holland, made Venice
and Genoa cities of palaces, England the home
of enterprise, and founded in its expansive
spirit the colonial grandeur of India and
North America for England; Japan, NewYork,
and Java for the Dutch ; South America for
Spain; Brazil for Portugal— all blossoms of the
magnificent growth of the commerce from the
imperial cities of the League. The free Hansa
towns are all that remain of this power. Its
spirit of freedom and enterprise remain; but
remain to bless and enrich other lands. We
have lost its spirit and have destroyed its en-
terprise. Not altogether; for was it not this
spirit which made the United States as States
a free-trade bund or league ; no custom-houses
or tariffs between them; trade free between
Sitka and ETorida, California and Maine; a
new Atlantis—a bundle of republican trade
States!
At least this was our Union. This is the
Union of' our Federal Constitution. Now we
are hampered by Federal statutes in restraint
of trade, and the gossamer hardly felt in the
early days of this system has become a cable
of triple strength. Gradually we have unloosed,
by the repeal of our internal taxes, the bonds
which shackled our interstate commerce; but
much romainsto be done for foreign commerce.
Would you assure to our nation, to the city
I represent in part, that supremacy in trade and
commerce which she has almost lost, which
she is entitled to by the skill, enterprise, and
integrity of her merchants and her command-
ing position toward the inland and the sea ?
I pray you to forget your pride of old and
perverse opinion, and take the shackles from
commerce.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ohio him-
self confesses our signal inferiority to those
children of the Hansa. He says these "lines
of steamships control more of the foreign trade
of New York than is controlled by all the ships
under the flag of this Republic I" They do.
Are they not abundant proof of commercial
prosperity? Would he have us arrive at an
equal eminence ? One would so suppose ; and
yet he counsels us not to reach it by the same
process, but to attain the top of the ladder by
going down to the bottom. Free trade, sir,
has given these cities their maritime suprem-
acy. Tariffs and prohibition have deprived us
of ours.
These great lines of German steamships
whose success we may well envy; ships that
yearly earn $20,000,000 freight and passage
money that might as well belong to us ; ships
that employ five thousand German officers and
sailors while American seamen cannot have a
ilag of their own to sail under ; these ships
that give employment to the four thousand men
who work in the machine-shops of Hamburg
and Bremen, and which, besides paying their
cost clear to their owners in every four years,
support incidentally the families of various
employes by thousands; ships which in time of
war can be at the service of the Government,
as in time of peace they are for the profit of
the people; in short, these grand instruments
of commerce that make the wealth and power
of their country, ships that are now preparing
to seize the trident on the Pacific—who subsi-
dizes them, and where were they built?
Not one dollar of subsidy do they obtain
beyond the ocean postage of letters that they
carry, and every one of them was built upon
the Clyde I And yet the gentleman tells us
that if we wish to emulate the prosperity of
these cities which he holds aloft to our envious
admiration, we must arrive at the result to
which they have come by traveling away from
it. We must subsidize, and we must build our
ships at home or be without them. Was there
ever so lame and impotent a conclusion ?
In the old days of wooden sailing ships, be-
fore these steamship lines had commenced
their splendid career, we vverem great mari-
time people, notwithstanding our registry
laws; and why Mr. Speaker? Because favor-
able circumstances enabled us to build wooden
vessels as cheaply as any other nation. So
were the Germans, who built vessels of that
class which competed evenly with ours in the
carrying trade-between their country and the
United States.
Now, mark the change and the difference
between free trade and prohibition ! A new
motive power appears upon the ocean. Iron
screw steamships take the place of wooden sail-
ing vessels. Germany recognizes the fact and
sees in it her future success. But she does not
wait until by some concatenation of circum-
stances an iron steamship can be built in Ger-
many as cheaply as in Great Britain. She sees
that they are built on the Clyde. She foresees
that if she does not appropriate these British-
built vessels to herownuso, the British mechan-
ics will not only infallibly build them, but the
British merchants will own them, the British
seamen will sail them, and British families will
derive their support by the employment of
these vessels between Hamburg and Bremen
with New York and the rest of the world.
Have we so lost the use of our eyes that the
mists of sophistry can so blind us?
The Germans had no fear of us. They
knew that we were protectionists—prohibition-
ists. They knew to our cost that we would
"protect" ourselves against participation in
the profits of our own business. There was no
protection counsels with its selfish pig-iron in-
terests. There was no contractor and no lobby
and no statesmen to tell them that wooden-
shipbuilding was destroyed by hostile cruis-
ers. They had no registry laws to repeal,
and so they acted like men with brains. They
went forthwith to the cheapest market to buy
their ships, rather than let others go there to
ruin their trade. Gradually their old sailing
packets went out of vogue and their officers and
crews became educated to their new duties.
So that now the German officers and sailors are
most intelligent and efficient steamship men.
To keep their new acquisitions in repair
they built the splendid machine-shops to which
I have referred, which, so far from destroying
home labor, have given it a wonderful impe-
tus. In these shops the Germans are already
learning the art of building and the perfection
of machinery.
Thus much for the gentleman's illustration.
I speak of it with respect; I might say with
gratitude. It is most unhappy for his own
argument, most convincing for mine. I thank
him in the interests of my constituents5 and
of his own also, for they were once mine. My
gratitude is enhanced by this further illustra-
tion :
" But perhaps by far the most marvelous example
in human history of what are the results of a na-
tion's owning the lines oi international commerce is
furnished by England."
England! As to England, sir, there is no
" perhaps'' about it. It is so exactly. Now I
will omit all reference to what my friend says
about "coinage" and "bogs" and "wood-
cock. " These allusions are of no greater pres-
ent value than his description in this connec-
tion of " porphyry," " triple chain of Hima-
layas," and "Kohinoor." * I will come at
once to his English point. I quote from the
gentleman:
" I make no attempt at indicating what that
aggregate is of wealth and power which has come
to England from being the world's carriers and
merohants."
From being the world's carriers and mer-
chants—
" She maintains constantly on the sea twenty-two
thousand ships of commerce, excluding those of hor
colonies, manned by two hundred thousand seamen,
making a merchant navy owned at home of five and
throe quarter-million tons. Sho does onohalf ofthe
entire transportation of the sea commerce of the
globe, the gross annual reoeipts from which do not
tall short of 8400,000,000 per year. She receives from
the United States citizens every year, for freights
of Amerioan oommerce, $50,000,000."
"She receives from the citizens ofthe United
States, every year, for freight of American
commerce $50,000,000!" I have already shown
that Germany receives $20,000,000 from us in
the same way, all of which England would
have had in addition to her $50,000,000 if the
Germans, seeing that we would not take it,
had not been wise enough to appropriate it to
themselves.
Is there any special magic in England's
commercial success? Is it her isolation alone?
Steam has overcome, for other nations, that
advantage. Why does every man's work on
earth contribute to England's wealth? Is it
their old Saxon-Norman blood, full of the sea-
faring quality? Do we not have the same,
even in excess of our ancestral Scandinavian
sea gods? Why is the orange and pineapple
as cheap in London as in the Mediterranean?
Emerson has put and answered that question,
by quoting the vaunt of Pope. The palm,
the spice, the amber of other lands are com-
manded by the oak and the iron of England,
which bring them to her foggy shores. The
sea, which seemed to divide England from all
the world, proved her ring of marriage with
all nations. But why ? Because she had coal
and iron. We have the same. Because she
had the Tweed and Thames. Who speaks of
them beside our Hudson and Mississippi? To
make the reason of her grand maritime pros-
perity clear, turn which way you will, at last
you find Stuart Mill's proposition in his volume
on liberty, the key-note of her success and
the true method for the revival of our ship-"
ping and commerce. Our failures are found
in the three infringements of liberty by govern-
mental interference : first, when the thing to be
done is likely to be done better by Government
than by individuals. This principle condemns
the interference of the legislative with the
ordinary processes of industry. Secondly,
when individuals may not do the thing as well
as the Government, it is desirable that indi-
viduals should do it, for education, strength,
and judgment, to create diversity and incite
experiment and rivalry ; and thirdly, to restrict
the interference of Government, to prevent
the unnecessary addition to its power. How
pregnantly he states it, is found in the motto
to this speech: <£ Not all the freedom of the
press or the popular constitution ofthe Legis-
lature" would make a country free with a
bureauocracy like that proposed, a bureau of
commercial commissioners, who are to feed
their favorities with subsidies.
May I be allowed, Mr. Speaker, to make a
slight reversion to history ? I will not adven-
ture to Nineveh or Phenicia, but only make a
retrospect of twenty-five years of modfern times.
In 1849-50, in those days of wooden-ship
building, we had a great carrying trade.
