1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
42d Cong....3d Sess.
tree Ships—No Subsidies—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Reps.
England then had the same registry laws
which now cumber our commerce and dis-
grace our statute-books. We built the then
vehicles of commerce cheaper than England
could build them; consequently, we could carry
freights cheaper than she could. Moreover,
English merchants and statesmen saw that
if there was a continuance of that state of
things, the English carrying trade would be
given up to America, as the American carrying
trade is now given up to England. Uuder such
circumstances, what did England then do ? Did
she give bounties to ship-builders out of the
treasury of the nation to make the cost of her
ship-building equal with ours.? Did she try to
grow navigation in a hot-house, or did she
leave it to natural growth? She repealed her
prohibitory laws. She allowed her people
to buy ships anywhere. They came to our
markets. Did they think it a national humili-
ation ? Did they think it a disgrace to buy our
splendid Baltimore clipper ships? Was there
any humiliation or disgrace to sell them ?
In that way England regained her share of the
carrying trade, and she would have thus main-
tained it, even if steamships had not superseded
sailing vessels. Suppose no steamships had
been possible in the (then) future; and suppose
that England had maintained her registry laws
as they were: where would have been the car-
rying trade of England at this day ? But steam
and iron have almost superseded sails and
wood. Everything is reversed. England
builds steamships cheaper than we can, and
yet we refuse to adopt the wise policy estab-
lished in 1850 by a nation which the gentle-
man cites to us as an example to imitate.
I do not like to appropriate so much of the
gentleman's careful reading, but I cannot help
reproducing the vivid picture he has painted
of the triumph of our commercial adversary.
What a picture of our futile and senseless legis-
lation is his graphic delineation of the profits
we have failed to accumulate; and the im-
mense results in freight, storage, insurance,
labor, wages, and interest on capital, which
England has achieved by the liberality of her
commerce and her repeal of its restrictions!
How conclusively the honorable member
shows the madness of taxing our people at
the rate of $100,000,000 per annum in freight
money to foreigners! That man or that na-
tion is simply mad that makes a thousand
million dollars' worth of products a year, pur-
sues them nine tenths toward completion, and
then stops, stands stock still and idle, and
pays another nation $100,000,000 per year for
completing the manufactures!
I agree with my friend in his reprehension
of such midsummer madness. But I do not
agree with him that we should continue the
payment of this tax while trying the exper-
iment of further taxation upon ourselves.
Why not give every American citizen the
chance to own a ship on the same terms with
an Englishman, a German, a Japanese, or a
Fiji islander? Why accumulate taxation on
our people to put money in subsidized lines
and into the pockets of ship-builders who al-
ready have the monopoly of the coasting trade?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] has reminded me, in the debate the
other day, that we are building several iron
ships on the Delaware. 1 know it, and I know
too that nearly all of them are built there to
be used in the coastwise monopoly; and there
,.is not a single one of them intended for for-
eign trade that is not directly or indirectly
subsidized from the pockets of the people.
Even the contemplated Liverpool line is sub-
sidized by the Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany. This corporation owns the most of its
stock, and its shareholders must bear the loss
consequent upon the high cost of construction.
May I be permitted to produce some figures
furnished me by men who are experts in this
business 1 I do it to show how much it costs
to make iron steamers here, and who are ben-
efited by our peculiar registry and protective
bounties.
Mr. Roach is now building iron shipB at
Chester, Pennsylvania. He says one and a
half tons of weight in the hull is necessary
to carry one ton of cargo ; ergo, a thirty-
hundred ton ship requires forty-five hundred
tons of iron hull. To-day the Clyde price is
fifteen pounds sterling; freight, insurance,
interest, and commission, two pounds ster-
ling ; total, seventeen pounds sterling; which,
at custom-house valuation of $4 84 gold, is
$82 28, and at thirteen per cent, gold pre-
mium is ninety-three dollars currency, or four
and one eighth cents per pound, no duty be-
ing added. The same plates cost here, at
" hard pan " rates, four and' a half cents per
pound, or three eighths cents more. Three
eighths cents is $8 40 per ton ; on forty-five
hundred tons, say $38,000 per vessel, more
than if the iron were imported. It is the same
with steel-wire, rigging, &c. In my former
remarks I have shown how and why England
has achieved supremacy at sea, and why we
go back. Subsidies alone will not do. It is
just as right that ship-owners should be pro-
tected in being able to obtain cheap ships, as
that the Abbott Iron Company of Baltimore,
or any other mill, should have $30 24 per ton
protection on ship plates. That is the exact
gold duty per ton on ship plate iron. Last year
3,388,000 tons of iron and steel were exported
from Great Britain. What were our exports?
To what was Britain's export due, if not
to free trade? Why are the elements par
excellence in a ship's cost (an iron steamer, I
mean) saddled with such a charge ? Whose
broad-ax is being ground? Or is it a whole
factory of axes, hatchets, machetes, adzes, and
one knows not what, that is on the Federal
grindstone?
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
demanded of me in the same debate why I
'• ask that importers alone, of all the people
in the United States, shall have the privilege
of buying ships and bringing in their imports
free of duty, when everything else is required
to pay its proper duty ?" Will the gentleman
tell me how " everything else" arrives at our
shores unless it is imported in ships ? But if
he has paid attention to my remarks, he must
be aware that I have not said one word about
the cargoes of ships. I am talking about ships
themselves ; ships which we are not only prohib-
ited from purchasing by payment of duty, but
which we are not allowed to purchase at all.
Ships and obscene books are the only articles
upon which there is an absolute prohibition.
But I suppose he intended to ask me why,
when other articles of import pay a duty, ships
should be the exception ? In the hurry of de-
bate I did not make a satisfactory reply. A
man must be dull who cannot see that for one
ship to compete on equal terms with another,
she must be produced or own ed at an equal
cost. Who can dispute this axiom ? We want
to own ships as cheaply as they can be owned
by foreigners ; otherwise foreigners will still
carry off that $100,000,000 of freight money.
You can legislate on the land as much as you
please for "protection." You can make the
living of the people at large expensive for the
benefit of a few others of their own countrymen.
But you are not content to do this. You
"protect" us out of ship owning, for the benefit
of foreigners. You forget that your tariff can-
not touch the ocean. It is inoperative beyond
low-water mark. Whoever can put the cheap-
est ships on the ocean will take the freight
money. That is all there is about it. Why
must I forever be driving this spike and forever
clinching it, with fair economy? Will we be
forever pursuing a phantom when the reality is
so near and palpable? You will never, Repre-
sentatives, regain your old maritime position
until you march up to the bill I propose, for
the free registry and free materials for the
building of our ships.
American ship-owning cannot be revived
by subsidies which are partial to certain in-
dividuals or companies. There is no greater
falsehood, or I should say falacy, than that
continually repeated by the beggarly lobby,
that England maintains her carrying trade
by subsidies. She only subsidizes certain
ships for mail purposes. She does not sub-
sidize one in fifty of her occan steamships.
Germany subsidizes none. Wherever there is
subsidy, there is death to competition, in so far
as the discrimination and injustice go. Mor-
ality and fairness alike condemn subsidies.
Ocean-steamship owning cannot be revived
altogether by remission of duties. No such
remission is sufficient to balance altogether
the cost of foreign labor and material. Have
we not already found that other trades are
jealous of being assessed for the benefit of
ship-builders ?
Ship-builders and subsidy men are contin-
ually supplicating you for the public money
wherewith to build ships. A11 that ship-own-
ers ask of you is to allow them to buy ships
with their own money. Revive the carrying
trade ? Take off its shackles and it will revive
itself. It wants none of your "protection,"
none of your money. It is no beggar. It
aspires generously for its own liberty. For
three years—ever since the failure of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] to com-
prehend that his business was to propose
means to revive American ship-owning, as
well as American ship-building—your com-
mittees have not been able to accomplish any-
thing. In the mean time the carrying trade
of this country has swiftly and surely gone to
ruin.
Our taxation, not only on the articles of ship-
building, but on the necessaries of life which
make living dear, forbids us to build ships;
and, as I have often said here, you forbid us
to own them. In all his Babylonian and Phe-
nician researches the gentleman from Ohio
has found no such suicidal policy as this. No
emperor} king, or mikado maintains it now.
No Government exercises it over its subjects;
but it is the rod which a free and enlightened
American Congress holds over the heads of
the citizens of this Republic I Nor is this all.
We cannot build ships, we cannot buy them;
but we are so hampered by onerous maritime
laws that the cost of sailing a ship under the
American flag is greater than under any other.
You have driven our ship-owners into the
business of stockjobbing and speculation.
You have turned our sailors ashore to dig
clams, or to get a precarious living in the
streets. You have "protected" foreign ship-
owners and sailorR into a new life, and you
have protected your own people to death.
I have risen again, and for the last time,
Mr. Speaker, in this House, for the freedom
of commerce from these illogical and de-
structive exactions. Government can raise
revenues for its support without them. Since
I have been a member here, as early as 1857,
I raised my voice and gave my vote for the
largest liberty of trade. When our Pacific and
Atlantic oceans shall no longer be disturbed
by our keels, when England and Germany
shall, by their enlightened policies, have suc-
ceeded us in every sea, and when, at length,
this Congress, under a larger view of human
affairs, shall endeavor to recover our lost
position as a maritime Power, that we may
have the enterprise and opulence so well pic-
tured to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shf.l-
labaroek.] as the rich consequence of renewed
commerce,-then, indeed, some one may arise
here and press with an emphasis then to be
rendered potential by the lapse of time and the >
