1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
nounced that the House had passed the bill
(H. R. No. 2388) to encourage and promote
telegraphic communication between America
and Asia, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
THE CALENDAR.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the Mili-
tary Academy bill is now before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
who has charge of the bill to let it be laid
aside informally, in order that we may proceed
to the Calendar, with the understanding that
the Military Academy bill shall be the special
order at one o'clock to-morrow. We have
not had a chance at the Calendar for some
time, and it has accumulated, and we might
dispose of some of the unobjected cases to-day.
I think we ought to give a little time to the
Calendar every day we can.
Mr. WEST. Unless some objection should
be made by some other member of the Senate
to the course suggested by the Senator from
Rhode Island I will make none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island asks unanimous con-
sent that the pending measure be laid aside
informally, to be the unfinished business to-
morrow at one o'clock, in order that the
Calendar of unobjected cases may be pro-
ceeded with. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. POOL. This morning I reported a bill
from the Judiciary Committee, House bill No.
3702, explanatory of the amendment passed
at the last session to the bankrupt law, and it
was objected to by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Wright.] I ask for its present consid-
eration. The Senator from Iowa has since
withdrawn his objection, and I should be glad
to have the bill put on its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina asks unanimous con-
sent to proceed at this time to the considera-
tion of the bill he has named.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have just agreed to
take up the Calendar, and I really think we
ought to go on with it.
Mr. POOL. We were about to take the
vote this morning on this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the vote can be taken
without debate I will not object; but I feel
bound to object to anything that is going to
create debate and take precedence of the
Calendar.
Mr. POOL. It will not cause debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is no debate, I
shall not object; if there is I shall.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let us go on with the
Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the proposition of the Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. CASSERLY. As we are about to take
up the Calendar I ask whatever consent is
necessary, unanimous or otherwise, that a bill
which was passed over the other day on the
objection of the Senator from Vermont now
in the Chair, [Mr. Edmunds,] Senate bill No.
1263, may be restored to its place on the Cal-
endar. I understand that it has been so
amended as to obviate the objection of that
SbThe0 PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thony m the chair.) The Senator from Cal-
ifornia asks unanimous consent that the bill
indicated by him be restored to the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the title be read.
The Chief Clerk. The title of the bill
is (S. No. 1263)' granting to the California
Central Narrow-Gauge Railroad Company cer-
tain rights upon the lands of the United States
at Benicia, in California.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the Senator
to state that the suggested amendment is satis-
factory to me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I so understood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it be, I make no ob-
jection, although if we go back and put back
all the cases we have heretofore reached we
shall never reach those which have not yet
been acted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The bill will be returned to the
Calendar.
deputy collector at st. paul.
Mr. RAMSEY. When the Calendar was
last up, Senate bill No. 1279 was reached, and
the Senator from Vermont made an objection
to the bill in its then form. It has been made
to accord with what he thinks will be entirely
right, and 1 hope the Senate will proceed to its
immediate consideration. It is but a few
lines, and can be disposed of now and sent to
the House and passed. It is a bill to fix the
compensation of the deputy collector of cus-
toms at St. Paul.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves to postpone the
Calendar for the purpose of taking up the bill
indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1279) to fix the com-
pensation of the deputy collector of customs
at St. Paul.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the word " compensation,"
in the third line, the words " including official
emoluments of all kinds."
The amendment was agreed to ; and the bill
as thus amended makes the compensation (in-
cluding official emoluments of all kinds) of the
officer appointed in pursuance ol the second
section of the act entitled "An act to estab-
lish the collection district of Duluth, and to
create St. Paul, in the collection district of
Minnesota, a port of delivery," approved May
23, 1872, not to exceed the sum of $2,000 per
annum ; and that the officer may be required,
in addition to his duties as such deputy coi
lector, to perform the duties of an inspector of
the customs, without additional compensation.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con
curred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
tecum collection district.
Mr. WEST. I ask a like favor from the
Senate in regard to a bill that we can pass in
two minutes, thatwil! facilitate commerce in
our section of the country very ranch.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island calls for the regular
order.
Mr. WEST. It is a little unfortunate that
on every occasion when I apppal to the Senate
some Senator or other objects. The Senator
from Maryland ohjected the other day. and
now the Senator from Rhode Island does : but
Senators get up on the other side of the
Chamber, and submit their bills, and get them
passed, when I cannot get any. I think it is a
little ill-natured.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw my objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Louisiana asks that the Calendar be
passed over informally in order to consider
the bill indicated by htm.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill?
Mr. WEST. Senate bill No. 1156, to define
the limits of the collection district of Teche,
in the State of Louisiana, and for other pur-
P°Mr." HAMILTON, of Maryland. One word
of explanation.
Mr. WEST. I do not ask any explana-
h°Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I did not
object to the Senator's bill because I was op-
posed to it; but I want to get back to the Cal-
endar again. If everybody is permitted to do
this thing, where will it end? I have four or
five bills that I should like to pass. I have no
objection to the Senator's bill, or to passing it,
but I want to go on with the Calendar.
There being no objection, the Senate, a3 in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 1156) to define the limits of
the collection district of Teche, and for other
purposes. AH that portion of the State of Louis-
iana commencing at the town of Plaquerniue, in
the parish of Iberville, thence down the western
bank of the Mississippi river to the town of
Donaldsonville, in the parish of Ascension,
thence down the Bayou Lafourche, and along
its eastern bank to the sea, thence westerly
along the coast, including all the islands, bays,
&c., to the mouth of the Sabine river, thence up
the said Sabine river and along its eastern
bank to a point due west from the town of
Plaquemine. and thence to the place of begin-
ing, is by the bill constituted and created the
collection district of the Teche.
The collector of the district is to reside at
Brasliear, in the parish of St. Mary, which is
made the port of entry of the district, and to
receive a salary of $1,000 yearly, which salary
is to cover all expenses to the United States
for house-rent and storage.
The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment, to strike out the last section of
the bill in the following words :
Sec. ■">. That all acts inconsistent with this act bo,
and the sumo are hereby, repealed ; and this act
shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THE CALENDAR.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before anybody else
calls up a bill, I object to anything but going
through the Calendar regularly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the first bill on the Calendar
at the point where its consideration is now to
be resumed under the order of the Senate
heretofore made.
The first hill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1167) authorizing the extension of the
railway of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany in the District of Columbia.
Mr. SAWYER. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. No. 11) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution will be passed over.
The next bill on the Cal-ndar was the bill
(II. II. No. 3625) to amend an act entitled
"An act governing the colored schools of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
ALIENATIONS BY PltEKMPTORS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1434) to authorize preemptors or set-
tlers upon homesteads on the public laud
to alienate portions of their preemptions or
homesteads for certain public purposes.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let it be read. That is
a good bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I trust it will not be
objected to. It is a very important bill, and I
hope it will be passed.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. The bill
provides that any person who has already
settled or hereafter may settle on the public
lands of the United States, either by pre-
emption, or by virtue of the homestead law
