1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Foreign Policy—Mr. Sargent.
Ho. op Reps-.
Mr. BANKS. There were but four on this
side.
Mr. SARGENT. That is the fault of the
House, not of the Administration.
Mr. BA^KS. If the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia voted with me on that occasion, it was
the wisest vote I have ever lmown him to give
since I have been on this floor. But of the
members of the Administration party there
were but four who stood up here iu favor of
the execution of this treaty between us and
Great Britain, and to which the honor of this
country has been pledged.
And if this Congress shall finally adjourn
without action on this subject, and the Presi-
dent should not call the next Congress together
and recommend its consideration, we shall
on the instant have a recurrence of the con-
troversies between this country and Great
Britain which had brought us a short time
since to the verge of war, when we initiated the
negotiations that led to the formation of this
treaty. We willput it within the power of inter-
ested men, men who profit by the disturbance
of the public peace, men who have little regard
for the public welfare or the honor of the Gov-
ernment—we shall put into their hands the
power of such men to force these two coun-
tries into a war. What have we gained, then,
by the treaty so much vaunted by the support-
ers of the Administration, if by the united
action of its friends here we are thrown back
to the controversies from which it is pretended
we have escaped, and into which we are cer-
tain to be driven within the present year?
How much has it contributed to the perma-
nent peace between the two countries, so much
desired by all parties ?
What is-this treaty worth, that the gentle-
man prides himself so much upon ? He says
we have got the money. Yes, we have got the
money. As I said a little while ago, the
country has been dwarfed and will at no distant
day be destroyed by this insane contest for
money. We forget and discard everything
else. It is nothing but money. _ If we get
money, no matter how, we are satisfied. Sir,
let me tell the gentleman from California, and
other members of the House that the fifteen
millions of dollars will be the curse of the
country instead of a blessing, if it is retained
upon the judgment of the Geneva arbitration
under the pretext that it is a settlement of all
our difficulties with Great Britain. If the
policy of this Government is narrowed to a
contest for money, as it seems to be, we may
be certain that it will undermine and destroy
in the end the liberty of the country. It is
therefore no satisfaction to us that the award
is in our favor, if the conditions of the treaty
accompanying the treaty are insolently disre-
garded without so much as a respectful consid-
eration by the legislative department, whose
concurrence is necessary to the execution of
the treaty.
We must be influenced by higher motives
than that which is presented to us here_; by
higher than mere pecuniary considerations.
If the gentleman from California is interested
in maintaining the peace and honor of the
country, as he seems to be, let him go to work
to-morrow and change the purposes of his
Republican associates on this side of the House.
Let him persuade them, if he can, that some-
thing more is required than the payment of
money by Great Britain to secure public peace,
maintain, the national honor, and justify the
high claims to the favor of the people which
he claims for the executive department of the
Government; that it does not become them to
stand in unbroken phalanx against the meas-
ures necessary to execute the treaty of which
he is so proud. That should be his duty.
It does not relieve him to say that the party
with which he is associated here is no part of
the Administration. The cooperation of the
legislative and executive departments is indis-
pensable to the success of any administration,
and his friends are entitled to no favor if one
portion defeats measures which the other sup-
ports.
Now, while he is so well satisfied with
this money which has been wrung from Great
Britain in the expectation that all parts of the
treaty are to be executed, of which the payment
of money was but one, and the least important,
it is but an evidence of dishonor, if not of
fraud. It will blight the fair fame of this Ad-
ministration and discredit the American peo-
ple. Now, sir, let me call his attention to the
other side of this picture, to which he has
adverted in his eloquent vindication of the
Administration. Let me call his attention to the
scene where men and women and children,
students of the public schools, have been put
to death in,cold blood by the representatives
of the Spanish Government that now exercises
despotic power in the island of Cuba, almost
within sight of our own shores, and who would
not hesitate to treat Americans in the same
manner they treat their own people if in their
view of public interests occasion should re-
quire it.
Sir, before the world we are responsible for
this barbarism. It is the Government of the
United States that suffers this to be done. It
is the Government of the United States that,
by her position, prevents other civilized Chris-
tian nations from taking the necessary steps to
suppress these atrocities. And so long as this
Administration continues to occupy its present
position, so long will wc be dishonored before
the nations of the earth.
But we shall have the money; y es, that which
seems most to delight the partisans of the
Administration ; we will have the money. But,
like gold that does not belong to us, that will
be obtained by false pretenses if we carry out
what seems to be the present purpose of the
Administration party of the House and adjourn
witfiout the passage of the necessary laws for
the execution of this treaty; that gold will dis-
honor the country and the people. We shall
be remembered in all coming times as a nation
that had been assisted by other Governments in
obtaining our liberties, and yet looked upon
a neighboring people, while we are almost
within the sound of their guns, struggling for
their liberties as our fathers struggled for ours,
with stolid indifference as if they deserved
nothing better than to be cut down by Spanish
adventurers who have possession of their island,
and continue to hold it through the indiffer-
ence of the United States.
We restrain every other American republic
and most other foreign Governments from
extending to them sympathy and protection.
Yes, that is our position ; but we shall have
the money which we may recover from the
execution of one part of the treaty by Great
Britain, while we reject another because it
imposes duties upon us which we do not like;
and it is money recovered in this manner that
seems to give so much satisfaction to the par-
tisans of the Administration. For one I do
not share in the satisfaction nor rest content
with the decision.
Mr. SARGEN T. The gentleman arraigned
the foreign policy of the Administration. He
does not sustain that arraignment by criticising
the action of the House. He arraigned the
Administration, moaning thereby the Execu-
tive. He now dodges the question by showing
that he has not influence enough iu this House
to get a majority to take up his bill. If the
gentleman was so anxious upon this question,
why did he not make his speech showing the
importance of this bill in the presence of the
Housa weeks ago? Why let it go till the last
ten days of the session, when all business
presses and motions to suspend the rules are
iu order ?
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman knows very
well that I have had no opportunity to open
my mouth heretofore upon this question. If
I had had an opportunity I would have charged
upon this House the dishonor and the fraud
in this matter which I have charged- here to-
night.- If I had had the opportunity, I would
have taken advantage of it; and whenever,I
may have the.opportunity I shall do so.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man .got no votes of any consequence on
either side of the House.
Mr. BANKS. Twenty on the other side,
among the opponents of the Administration
and the treaty.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; the gentle-
man, I have no doubt, has more influence on
the other side of the House than on this.
Mr. BANKS. Very well. I am thankful
for it if it is shown in that way; I do not want
influence with any people or any party; but
those who are willing to sustain the national
honor.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman _ is the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. The matter was just as important the
first week of the session as it is ftow. He has
had the whole session to bring it formrd and
have it acted upon. I say it was'his duty to
do so. I happened to know by conversations,
partly with himself and partly with others,
but not from anything I heard on this floor,
that this was a matter of importance, and
that perhaps the honor of the nation was in-
volved. But his own colleague [Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts] stood here and insisted
that it was a measure that ought not to pass,
and his own State was opposed to it.
Mr. BANKS. My colleague is the repre-
sentative of the Administration. He flouted
i« our faces the private telegrams sent from
Spain during the last session, by which the
wrongs to an Americau citizen appeared to be
justified. He does not represent my views,
nor do I represent his. He was in that mat-
ter the organ of the Administration. I was not.
Mr. SARGENT. I deny that he is the
organ of the Administration. He does not
at any rate assume it himself. He did, how-
ever, claim to speak for Massachusetts, and to
say that this part of the treaty was very injuri-
ous to her interests. Whether that was so I
did not know; but 1 thought that a matter of
so much importance should be discussed, and,
therefore, I voted on two occasions against my
own committee, which had the floor, to make
the privileged motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole, so that this matter might come
up, and I am satisfied with that vote without
the gentleman's commendation.
Mr. BANKS. The committee allowed a
member to make the motion who had no proper
right to make it—one not a member of the
committee.
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do
not know whether this question can be acted
on at this session. I do not know but that it
is entitled to the importance which the gentle-
man gives it. I would like to hoar his remarks
and the remarks of his colleague in opposition
thereto. I think, however,^ that if the question
involved is one of good faith under a treaty,
the House should hear the discussion. There-
fore, lam still in favor, as I have been, of
bringing the question before the House. But
there has been during this session ample time
much worse employed and which might have
been occupied by a consideration of this mat-
ter. The gentleman who is the organ of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, its chosen chair-
man, a position iu which he has been con-
firmed by the House at this session, when he
proposed to resign for reasons which he then
gave, the gentleman having been continued in
this position, certainly had the right to assume
that he had sufficiently the confidence of the
