1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
district colored schools.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I objected to the bill (H.
R. No. 3625) to amend an act entitled "Anaet
governing the colored schools of the District
of Columbia," in consequence of the absence
of the Senator from New Hampshire, the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, who is now present and would like
to call it up.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should be very glad
to have the bill called up.
Mr. COOPER. I object.
george s. gustin.
The next, bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3369) for the relief of George S.
Gustin, late a private of company D seventy-
fourth regiment Illinois infantry volunteers;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole._ It provides for the payment, to George
S. Gustin, late private of company D seventy-
fourth regiment of Illinois volunteer infantry,
the same additional bounty provided by the
act of July 28, 1866, to which he would have
been entitled bad he been mustered out of the
service with his regiment.
The bill was reported to be Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
public park at mackinac.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1304) to set apart a certain portion
of the island of Mackinac, in the straits of
Mackinac, within the State of Michigan, as |
a national park.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to that.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask the Sen-
ator who has made the objection to hear me
for one moment. I have not often claimed
the attention of the Senate. I should like to
state a few reasons why the bill should pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island withdraw his ob-
jection ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask that the
bill be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is that a
proper bill to be passed under the rule upon
which we are now acting?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope the
Senator from Maryland will listen to me for a
minute.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I renew my objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objec-
tion is renewed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I trust the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island will not persist in his
objection. I believe he will bear me out that
I have not occupied much of the time of the
Senate, and I desire to state briefly a few of
the reasons which I desire to present, showing
why this island should be dedicated for public
purposes.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is evident that there
will be objection to the bill; its reading indi-
cates that there will be discussion ; and I trust
that the Senator from Michigan will find some
other opportunity to make his remarks. I
must insist on the objection.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. This bill has
been reported favorably by the Military Com-
mittee, and I hope the Senator will not per-
sist in bis objection. The Secretary of War
recommends it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the next bill on the Calendar.
district colored schools.
Mr. COOPER. I was mistaken in nay
objection to House bill No. 3625. I with-
draw it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask that that bill be
taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the proposition to take up the bill?
There being no objection, the bill (11
No. 3625) to amend an act entitled "Ai. ..et
governing the colored schools of the District
of Columbia" was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that the board of
trustees of schools for colored children in the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, District
of Columbia, shall consist of nine trustees,
seven of whom shall be citizens of Washington,
and two shall be citizens of Georgetown, who
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out " Secretary of the Interior" and
insert " Governor of the District of Colum-
bia," wherever that phrase occurs in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line six, after the word " board," to insert the
words:
In accordance with the provisions of the acts of
Congress and Legislative Assenbty of the District of
Columbia governing the disbursement of moneys
appropriated for the support of the public schools
of Washington and Georgetown.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of sec-
tion five, to insert the following additional
proviso:
And provided further, That the proportion of
school money now due, or that may become due, to
said board from the cities of Washington and
Georgetown shall be paid to the treasurer of said
board, and not to the trustees, as now provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
house bill referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask consent of the Senate
to take from the tablp a bill just communicated
from the House of Representatives, for the
purpose of referring it to the committee. The
committee will meet in the morning.
The bill (H. R. No. 2388) to encourage and
promote telegraphic communication between
America and Asia was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Movday, February 17, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bt'TLEit,
D. D.
The Journal of last Saturday was read and
approved.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the !
first business in order will be the call of the j
States and Territories, beginning with the j
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills ;
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider. Under this j
call memorials and resolutions of State and j
territorial Legislatures are in order. The
morning hour now begins at twelve minutes j
past eleven o'clock. '
patents. j
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R. j
No. 3955) relating to patents, amending sec-
tion twenty-five of the law of July 8, 1870; j
which was read a first and second time. 1
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the bill be j
read at length. !
The bill was read at length ; and was referred i
to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to
be printed.
thomas allcock.
Mr. CLARKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3956) granting a pension to Thomas Allcock,
a soldier in the war of 1812; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812, and ordered to be printed.
•i011n b. hays.
Mr. McCLELLANI) introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3957) for the relief of John B. Hays,
late assessor of internal revenue for the twen-
tieth district of Pennsylvania; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
BERNARD RICK.
Mr. DUBOSE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3958) for the relief of Bernard Riee ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
R. w. m'mullkn.
Mr. DARRALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3969) for the relief of R. W. McMullen,
late collector of customs in Louisiana; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
he printed, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
washington and rock cheek railroad.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3960) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Rock Creek Valley Railroad Com-
pany; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
CHENEY OLDS.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H.
11. No. 3961) granting a pension to Clu-ney
Olds, a surviving soldier of the war of 1812;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812.
improvement of mississippi.
Mr. KING presented amemoria.1 of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Missouri, asking
appropriations for improving the navigation
of the Mississippi river: which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
mississippi and missouri rivers.
Mr. KING also presented a concurrent res-
olution of the General Assembly of the State
of Missouri, asking appropriations for improv-
ing the navigation of the Mississippi and Mis-
souri livers and their tributaries; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
bridge across arkansas river.
Mr. BOLES introduced a bill (II. R. No.
3962) authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Arkansas river at Dardanelles, Ark-
ansas ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
bounty lands to soldiers.
Mr. COTTON presented a memorial of the
General Assembly of the State of Iowa, ask-
ing a grant, of one hundred and sixty acres of
land to each honorably discharged soldier of
the war of the rebellion ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
height of railway bridges.
Mr. MITCHELL introduced a bill (II. II,
No. 3963) relating to the height at which rail-
way bridges may be constructed across the
Mississippi river; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
