122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. McOrary.
42d Congl...3d Sess.
House upon both sides to insist upon the hear-
ing of a question of so much importance.
I desire simply to say, sir, that to-morrow
or any other time when the gentleman will
bring the matter forward I will be disposed to
give it fair consideration.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman knows, and
every member of the House knows, I have
repeatedly tried to get this bill up for con-
sideration, but the majority of the House,
almost the entire Administration party has been
satisfied with the idea with which the gentle-
man started in this discussion, that they had
obtained the money in compensation fordepre-
dations on commerce and did not want any-
thing more. We had got the money, sir, and
what did we care about what was due from us
to Great Britain or'tothehonorof our country?
Money which satisfies our demands and we
disregard everything else. It is that against
which I protest.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman has re-
peated something which 1 have no doubt he
believes to be something good. That was not
the only reparation England made. She made
an ample apology.
Mr. BANKS. She made no apology at all.
Mr. SARGENT. An ample apology she
did make, and it is in every line of the treaty
which is complained of to-day by English
statesmen as so humiliating. In reference to
this money reparation, we had the right to
demand it. We had the right to insist on it at
the cannon's mouth. We did not do that; but
we received it. It is money that was honestly
owed to us. It was money sounding in dam-
ages. We received it because of our right to
have it on account of reparation for injuries
done our commerce. Whatever disposition is
made of it, whether to insurers or those in-
sured, rests solely upon our own responsibility.
It is a matter of legislation. The Administra-
tion is not responsible for it at any rate. Until
we shall provide for its distribution we hold
possession of the money.
But, sir, we got more than that; but the
very fact of having that money shows that the
power, the majesty, and the dignity of the
American Government were recognized by
Great Britain. That of itself is worth more
than money. In what other form should it
come except by humble apology which was
made and complained of by English statesmen;
what other form except the payment of money
into the Treasury, into our hands as trustees,
to make good the damages done by English
pirate ships on our flag. It is complained
of in the English Parliament that they had
to pay anything at all. It was admitted that
the American side of the question was well
handled. Nobody denies that it was well
handled and justly handled. And I stand here
as an American citizen and a member of this
House of Representatives to repel the idea
that the Government of the people has been
guilty of sanctioning perfidy or fraud. I say
that we insisted upon our rights as a nation
and compelled their recognition by other
nations.
Mr. BANKS. Mark, sir, the humility of
this apology. Great Britain said she regretted
the escape, under whatever circumstances, of
the Alabama and other vessels from British
ports and the depredations they had com-
mitted. Those are the words. Of course she
regretted it. But would she have regretted it
had the southern cause succeeded, or was it
their failure she regretted ? It is very satis-
factory to know her regrets, but it would be
more satisfactory to know their foundation
and the interpretations she would put upon
them if compelled to speak the truth. But
there is nothing like national humiliation in
this declaration. There is no confession of
wrong and regrets for having done wrong.
There is no apology on the part of Great
Britain. She regrets the events of the past,
but upon what grounds and with what idea it
is not for us to say. So much for her humble
apology with which the people of this country
have been gratified.
Let me ask the gentleman's attention again
to the manner in which we got this award.
She asked us to settle her controversies with
us on account of the fisheries, which were
nearly plunging us into war. My colleague
[Mr. Twichell] here knows it very well.
We said we would not negotiate with her on
these questions unless she agreed to settle the
Alabama claims, and she yielded to our de-
mands. It is well understood that these prop-
ositions were all prearranged. We made the
treaty. We had an arbitration. The reward
was in our favor. She agreed to pay the
money. We agreed to receive the money,
and are making legislative provision for its
distribution. And now we repudiate the very
first condition upon which she made the first
proposition, negotiation, and settlement, in
order that the peace of the country might be
maintained. We shall see as soon as this
Congress adjourns that this whole controversy
will be reopened with more embittered feel-
ings on the part of the people of this country
and Great Britain than ever existed heretofore.
But the gentleman will have the satisfaction
of saying, as he repeated to us so often, that
we have got the money. We have at least all
the advantages it is possible for us to gain
from the treaty.
Mr. TWICHELL. I am very glad, Mr.
Speaker, to find my colleague [Mr. Banks]
prepared for action to-night. If 1 mistake not,
when the President's message was distributed
among the appropriate committees my col-
league, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, had referred to his committee
that portion of the message relating to this
subject. He has had the opportunity of re-
porting this matter if he had been of the same
mind as to night, in December, when his com-
mittee reported. Had he done so I have no
doubt that this question would have been
entirely disposed of long before this. 1 regret
that it comes up at this very late hour in the
session. I have asked my colleague many
times when it was to come up. I knew that
he had some reluctance ; I knew that he had
some fears that he would not be able to carry
the measure through. I regret that this
discussion lias come up here to-night when
there are, comparatively speaking, no members
present to hear it. I fear myself that there is
danger of this matter going by for this session
for want of time.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir ; for the want of the
vote of my colleague.
Mr. TWIOHELL. You have not had the
vote of your colleague against you.
Mr. BANKS. But I have not had it for
the measure, although he was present. I
believe that my colleague has been opposed
to this measure from the beginning.
Mr. TWICHELL. My colleague has no
authority for saying that.
Mr. BANKS. 1 have no authority for say-
ing it, but I know it and have seen it.
Mr. TWICHELL. How does my colleague
know it?
Mr. BANKS. Because you did not vote
yesterday for bringing the bill before the
House.
Mr. TWICHELL. When it came up yes-
terday the vote was overwhelmingly one way.
I did not vote either way.
Mr. BANKS. Is that the support the bill
ought to have received from its friends?
Mr. TWICHELL. It is now too late in the
session; and no man knows that better than
my colleague, who has had this important mat-
ter in his hands since the commencement of
this session. I regret that it did not come up
earlier, and that my colleague should now be
charging the fault on the Administration.
Mr. BANKS. I am not charging the fault
on the Executive Departments of the Admin-
istration, but on this House. When the friends
of the Administration vaunt this treaty and
boast of the money received, I call attention
to the fact that they have repudiated almost
unanimously their obligations under it. And
I want to say to my colleague that I have done
just as much from the beginning of the ses-
sion as to-day to bring this subject before the
House, and I have not been able to do it.
And I should not have undertaken it yester-
day, except that I had notified the Secretary
of State that if he expected this part of the
treaty to be carried into execution he should
call upon his friends here to support the prop-
osition when presented.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask my colleague if
this measure has not gone over time and again
on his own motion ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir, last session, when
my colleague and other members refused to
consider it because the British Parliament
and the British Provinces had not legislated,
when they declared that we should not legis-
late on the subject first, I did move that_ it
should go over. But since the President in-
formed us that the British Parliament and
Provinces had passed the acts necessary to
carry the treaty into effect, I have since then
been pressing the House constantly for its
consideration. But I do not propose now to
pursue the subject any further.
Mr. TWJCliELL. I watched my colleague's
course on that subject with great interest.
Mr. BANKS. You can consult my col-
leagues on the Committee on Foreign Affairs
as to my interest in the matter.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. G. W. McCRARY,
OF IOWA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 25, 1873.
The House having under eonsderation the report
of the seloet committee appointed to investigate the
alleged Credit Mobilier bribery—
Mr. McCRARY said:
Mr. Speaker: It is a difficult thing, and an
exceedingly unpleasant thing as well for a
member of this House to sit in judgment and
decide without fear or favor upon the acts of a
fellow-member. The committee whose report
is now under consideration have had occasion
to realize this at every step throughout the
long and weary course of this most unpleasant
investigation. And I rise to address the
House, feeling that I have a duty to discharge
from the performance of which I would gladly
escape. But, sir, under the Constitution, this
duty has devolved upon me; and I believe
it is a duty as imperative as it is unpleasant.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wake-
man] who has just spoken, and other gentle-
men in the course of this discussion have
referred to the popular clamor throughout the
country, and have insinuated that this Com-
mittee has been perhaps somewhat influenced
by the excitement existing among the people,
to report the resolutions now under consid-
eration.
All such insinuations are groundless. The
committee base their conclusions upon the
evidence and upon that alone. Nevertheless
there is excitement among the people. And
why? What has so alarmed the country from
one end of the land to the other? Why are
the people excited ? Gentlemen call it mere
clamor; gentlemen would have us believe that
it is the cry of an excited populace demand-
ing a victim. Sir, it means something more
