458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
believe, was held at the city of Indianapolis.
I happened to be a member of that conven-
tion, as was the honorable gentleman from
the Indianapolis district, [Mr. Coburn,] and
my colleague, [Mr. Burdett,] and possibly
other members of this body. That conven-
tion, although called by the Governors of the
western States principally, was attended by
delegates from a majority of all the States of
the Union, and very largely attended. This
whole subject was very carefully discussed
tbere, and the result of those deliberations was
that the convention sent a memorial to this
Congress asking that the Federal Government
might take this whole subject of immigration
into its charge ; and I believe that that is not
only the opinion of that convention, but of
the western people generally. It is my own
individual opinion that that should be done.
The subject is essentially one of national
concern, and not of local concern. If the im-
migrant is to be taxed for his protection I say
the United States is the proper trustee to col-
lect that tax and see that it is impartially and
properly applied. If the immigrant ia to be
anybody's ward let him be the ward of the
Federal' Government. If the immigrant is a
burden, as is sometimes claimed by gentlemen
from New York, although they seem to be
very anxious to retain control of this matter—
if he is a burden let him be a burden to the
Federal Government, which will hereafter reap
the greatest advantage from his coming here.
I am ready, therefore, to vote for a bill which
will transfer this whole subject to the care of
the Federal Government. 1 believe that itwill
be a grand philanthropic institution, self-sus-
taining in expense, yet having all the power
and influence of the Federal Government to
sustain it, which no State institution can have.
Now, sir, as to this bill, I do not suppose
that it is perfect in all its details. I do not
suppose that the gentleman who has intro-
duced it claims that it is so; but I believe that
it is as carefully framed aa, under all the cir-
cumstances, any bill could be; that if it is
passed it will be a grand step in the right
direction, and that in the light of experience
we may hereafter amend it so as to conform to
any future wants that may develop themselves.
I apprehend that for awhile there will be dif-
ficulty in enforcing some of the provisions of
this bill, owing to the fact that the carrying
trade, as we all know, is principally done by
foreign bottoms; and so far as personal offenses
committed in foreign-bottoms are concerned,
t doubt whether our courts have any jurisdic-
tion of them. It is a matter for negotiation
with foreign Powers. Our Government has
been trying for the last four years to get for-
eign Powers to agree upon treaties covering
that ground. Thus far they have not been
successful; but there is a great deal in this
bill which can be reached by our law; there is
a great deal in this bill which will be an im-
provement on the present state of affairs, and
I give it my hearty support as such.
I have two amendments to offer, and if the
gentleman from Michigan will permit me I will
offer them now.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman can have
them read as a part of his remarks.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows:
Amend section two by adding at the end thereofthe
following:
And such fines shall be liens on the vessel or ves-
sels violating the provisions of this act, and such
vessel or vessels may be libeled therefor in any cir-
cuit or district court of the United States where
such vessel or vessels shall arrive,
Amendsection four, line five, by inserting after the
word " departure " the words " if in his power to do
so without violating any law, order, or rights in the
country to whioh he is accredited.
Mr. CONGER. How much ia left of my
hour?
The SPEAKER. Fifteen minutes.
Mr. CONGER. I yield, then, to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] for five
minutes.
Mr. COBURN. I have not time in five
minutes to enter into a general argument upon
the merits of this bill. Suffice it to say that
I believe that its purpose is generally bene-
ficial, and that I have no doubt it will do
great good. This matter has been neglected
too long. Immigrants have suffered greatly
and the State authorities have been guilty
of abuses. As the gentleman from Missouri
£Mr. Finklenburg] has said, the subject of
immigration is not a mere State matter, but is
one of national concern, and of great interest
to everybody in the land from one end of it to
the other.
There are some provisions in the bill which
I regard as not sufficiently protecting and
guarding the immigrant. I call the attention
of the House more particularly to this point.
In the first place I see no provision in this bill
prohibiting the levying of head money by a
State. I would inquire of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who reported this
bill, whether there is any provision preventing
the levying of such a tax?
Mr. CONGER. There is such a provision.
Mr. COBURN. I see that provision abol-
ishes it for the State but puts it on for the
nation. I would abolish head money alto-
gether. Then in section twenty is a provision
in relation to the duties of railroads in con-
nection with passengers. That section pro-
vides that in case of the violation of this law
the Secretary of the Treasury, upon applica-
tion of the commissioner of immigration, may
revoke the license to carry passengers. The
bill seems to contemplate that a license for
the purpose shall be granted to railroads.
But no penalty attaches to any officer of a rail-
road company, to a conductor or any one else
connected with it, for a violation of this law.
I see no propriety in not attaching a penalty
to the violation of a provision as important as
one to protect the rights of these poor people
upon railroad cars. It is well- known that
heretofore they have been crowded in large
numbers into small, uncomfortable, and un-
healthy cars, transported very great distances,
without water and without an opportunity to
get water to drink and to wash themselves,
and without fire, in cold and uncomfortable
cars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentle-
man allude to cars in Canada, oc in this
country ?
Mr. COBURN. In this country of course.
We are not legislating for Canada; this is not
the Parliament of the Dominion.
Mr; FARNSWORTH. We are legislating
for immigrants who come through Canada.
Mr. COBURN. When we get Canada we
will legislate for it; but we do not propose to
do it now. I ask the Clerk to read a substi-
tute for section twenty of this bill, which I
would like to have an opportunity to offer.
It fixes penalties upon railroad officers for
violations of law, provides for a forfeiture of
fares, and an abolition of the right to carry
passengers, and I think will be effectual.
The Clerk read as follows:
That it shall be the duty of railroad companies to
provide comfortable and commodious passenger
cars for the transportation of immigrants. Each
car shall be provided with a stove and fire when
needed, and constantly with vessels for holding
water, and with a supply of clean water for drinking
and washing, with a water- closet, and with proper
ventilators and movable sashes to at least one
fourth of the windows. The trains carrying immi-
grants shall be run at the ordinary rate of speed of
passenger trains, and no more passengers shall be
allowed upon them or in any car than can b<i seated
therein, and the same shall be swept out and cleaned
at least once each day. And it shall be the duty of
the proprietors and officers of every steamboat or
canal boat carrying immigrants to provide for them
the same amount of room as in vessels upon the
high seas hereinbefore required, and keep such
boats in a cleanly condition. And any railroad or
other transportation company, or proprietor of a
boat or other conveyance, who shall fail or refuse to
comply with these conditions, shall not be allowed
to make contracts for carrying such passengers, and
shall not be allowed to carry such passengers. And
in case the officers or agents of such railroad or
other transportation company, or proprietor of any
boat or other conveyance, shall violate or permit
violations of this act in relation to their duties, such
company or proprietor shall forfeit the full amount
of fare paid by the passengers on such conveyance
at the time of such violation, to be recovered by
such passenger or passengers in an action of debt
against said company or proprietor as aforesaid.
And the conductor of any train, or the captain or
master of any boat in charge of the same, when any
violations of this act in relation to the carrying of
passengers therein shall occur, shall bo deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shalL
be fined in any sum not less than $500. And it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint inspectors of trains, boats, and other con-
veyances, who are authorized to go at any time
upon such trains, boats, or conveyances, and inspect
the same, to secure the health, safety, and the direct
and speedy transportation of such passengers.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ments bills of the House of the following
titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 630) in relation to new
; trials in the Court of Claims;
A bill (H. R. No. 1028) to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other offi-
cers of the Government," approved June 11,
> 1864; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2774) to prevent certain
officers of the United States and Territories
from practicing as attorneys or solicitors in
courts of the united States in certain cases.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a
bill of the House of the following title :
} A bill (H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish the Department
i of Justice, and for other purposes."
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in bills of the following
titles :
A bill (S. No. 1100) to repeal certain pro-
visions of the laws of the United States re-
lating to advancement in the Navy;
A bill (S. No. 1312) authorizing deputy
collectors and other officers of customs to act
as disbursing agents in certain cases ;
A bill (S. No. 1318) to authorize certain
postmasters to deposit public moneys in
national banks ; ana
A bill (S. No. 1325) to grant an American
register to the propeller Oliver Cromwell.
IMMIGRATION.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the bill to promote immigration.
Mr. CONGER. I yield to the gentleman?
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
regret that, owing to the condition of my
health, I was away when this bill passed
through our committee, and therefore I have
not the familiarity that I ought to have with
the bill and the substitute. I know of no one
in Congress who is not anxious to forward the
purposes of this bill. They commend them-
selves so completely to our ideas of what is
right, and their very great necessity has been
so well stated by the gentleman who has charge
of the bill, that I know we shall not fail to
agree in our desire to attain the ends aimed
at by the measure ; and the only doubt prob-
ably that there will be in the House will grow
out of the question whether the bill is well
framed for the accomplishment of those pur-
poses, and whether or not we ought to inter-
fere with the existing laws of the State of New
York upon the subject.
In the five or six minutes allowed me, I wish
to say a few words in addition to what has been
«aid, in regard to the condition of things in
New York, as a reason why I think it would
be wise for the General Government to take
charge of this whole subject. The first con-
sideration I would urge is that, as has been
again and again stated, and as is well known
to gentlemen familiar with the adjudications
of ourcourts, the State regulations of harbors,
&c., have force and operation by the mere
