1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1423
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts makes the point of order this
is not the bill of which notice was given.
Mr. MERRIAM. Then I will strike out
all but the first three sections.
The SPEAKER. That is too late ; thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts making the point
of order, the bill is not before the House.
SALE OP PUBLIC PROPERTY
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I ask to put upon
its passage at this time, of which I have given
notice, a bill (H. R. No. 3971) to amend an
act entitled "An act to authorize the sale of
certain public property," approved June 10.
1872.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that nothing contained in the
first section of the act to authorize the sale
of certain public property, approved June 10,
1872, shall be so construed as to prevent the
Secretary of War from withdrawing anv of the
property from sale in cases where in his judg-
ment the highest bid offered is insufficient or
unsatisfactory.
The second section provides that any of the
property withdrawn from sale under this act
may be again offered either at public sale or
by inviting proposals after six days' consecu-
tive notice fifteen days before the day of sale
in the newspapers mentioned in the act of
which this is an amendment.
The third section provides that it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of War to appoint a
board of three Army officers, which board shall
appraise each piece or parcel of land with the
buildings thereon before the same is offered
for sale, and no sale shall be made at a price
less than two thirds of the appraised value.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, ii was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. E. II. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS GENESEE RIVER
Mr. LANSING introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3972) to authorize the construction of a
railroad and draw-bridge across the Genesee
river, in Monroe county, New York; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. LANSING. This bill is unanimously
recommended by the Committee on Com-
merce. I move the previous question on the
engrossment and third reading.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Lake
Ontario Shore Railroad Company of the
State of New York to construct a draw-
bridge across the Genesee river, iti Monroe
county, New York, in accordance with the
provisions of an act passed by the Legislature
of the State of New York, March 17, 1871,
to facilitate the construction of the Lake On-
tario Shore railroad, and to amend the several
acts in relation thereto; and provides that the
bridge when completed shall be deemed and
taken to be a legal structure, and shall, with
the railroad of which it is to be a part, be a
post road for the transmission of the mails of
the United States, with therightsand privileges
of other post roads.
The second section provides that the struc-
ture authorized shall be built and located
under and subject to such regulations for the
security of the navigation of said river as the
Secretary of War shall prescribe, and shrill
be at all times so kept and managed as to offer
reasonable and proper means for the passage
of vessels through and under the same ; and
the said structure shall be changed at the cost
and expense of the owners thereof from time
to time as Congress may direct, so as to pre^
serve the free and convenient navigation ot
the river; and all authority to erect and con-
tinue such bridge shall be subject to revoca-
tion or modification by law, whenever the
public good shall in the judgment of Con-
gress so require, without any expense or
charge to the United States.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to say that this bill
has been considered by the Committee on
Commerce, and is unanimously approved by
that committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LANSING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CRIMINAL AND PENITENTIARY STATISTICS.
Mr. WARREN introduced a bill for the col-
lection of criminal and penitentiary statistics
in the United States and Territories of the
United States.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be paid, out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to Horatio Sey-
mour, James G. Blaine, James Brown, and
Enoch C. Wines, the sum of $10,000, in trust
for the National Prison Association of the
United States of America, for the sole use and
purpose of collecting from all the States and
Territories of the Union the fullest criminal,
penitentiary, and reformatory statistics attain-
able, and of reporting to the President of the
United States the result of their investigations
on this and other points connected with the
penal and reformatory institutions of the
country; provided that the money thus appro-
priated shall be paid only on presentation
from time to time, to the proper officer of the
Government, of vouchers showing that the
work required has been done.
Mr. RANDALL. Does this bill appropri-
ate any money ?
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
on this bill; first, that no notice has been given
of it.
The SPEAKER. That is sufficient. No
notice has been given, and the Chair sustains
the point of order.
Mr. WARREN. I withdraw the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I give notice that, if 1
have an opportunity, I will introduce this bill
next Monday.
NIGHT SIGNALS.
Mr. ELY submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question:
Remlved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to report to the House whether in his
judgment some general system of night signals
should be established for use in the merchant marine
of the United States.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
RETIRED OFFICERS.
Mr. CARROLL presenteda concurrent res-
olution of the senate and assembly of the
State of New York, in relation to reducing the
pay or pensions of veteran officers retired
from service ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
college of william and mary.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3973) for the relief of the college of William
and Mary, in Virginia ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. STORM. I move the previous question.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
College of William and Mary, in Virginia, the
sum of $65,000, out of any moneys in the
Treasury hereafter to be appropriated for
that purpose, to reimburse the college for the
destruction of its building and other property
destroyed without authority during the late
rebellion ; provided that no money be so paid
except upon account of such destruction and
the damage caused thereby, duly verified and
proven.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has notice been given of
this bill ?
Mr. STORM. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the question of
order whether the bill contains an appropria-
tion ?
Mr. STORM. It does not.
The SPEAKER. The bill refers to money
hereafter to be appropriated. It does not of
itself take money out of the Treasury. The
point of order does not lie.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I ask for the read-
ing of the notice.
The SPEAKER. Notice has 1
the Journal.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to ask for the
reading of the notice, to see if the bill con-
forms to the notice?
The SPEAKER. The notice given of a bill
upon the Journal states the title. The title of
this bill does not seem to have been changed.
As to that, the word of the gentleman who
introduces it is sufficient. Has the title been
changed?
Mr. STORM. It has not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair then, without
consulting the Journal, holds that the notice
is sufficient.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to call for the reading of that portion of the
President's message bearing on the subject?
The SPEAKER. It would not. That would
be in the nature of debate.
On seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion there were—ayes 77, noes 70.
Mr. IIALE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Storm and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 91, noes G9.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, "Shall the main ques-
tion be now put? "
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On that ques
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 111, nays 82, not voting 47 ; as
follows:
Y1SAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur. Barnum, Biirry,
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bird,
James O. Blair, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Burdett,
Roderick It. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll. Cobb, Coprh-
lan, Coimngo, Conner, Crebs, Critchcr, Cropland,
Davis, Dodds, Dox. DuBose, Duke, Diinnoll, Ebl-
redge, Kly, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Giddirigs, Gel-
laday, Griflith, Haldeman, Hamblcton, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, lliirmcr, Harper, Goorgf K. Har-
ris. John T. Harris, llay, Hays. Hereford. Ilerndon,
Hill, iloar. Hooper, Iicllogg, Kendall, Kerr, King,
Lamison, Maclntyro, Manson, Marshall, Maynard,
McCormick, MeGrew, McKiriney, Benjamin b. Mey-
ers, Mitchell, Morcy, Morgan, Silas L. Jfiblack,
Uosea YV. Parker, Perce, Perry, Piatt, Porter, Pr ice,
Rainey, Read, Edward Y. Rico, John M Rice.
Ritchie.William R.Roberts, Robinson,John Rogers,
Sion II. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober. Slater, Sloss, Speei, Stovonton. Storm,
Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher.Terry. Tuthill fwich-
ell Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace, Warren,
Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Winchester, and
Young—Ill.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barber, Beatty,
Bell. Bingham, Austin Blair, Buckley, Ijuttmton,
Bunnell, Burchard, Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cotton,
Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Eames. Elliott, ij^ty,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, H ilder
D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, llaveii^,
John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Ilasselton, Hibbard, Holuian,
Houghton, Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe,
Lynch, McClelland, McJunkin, Merriam, Jloni'"':,
Moore. Morphia, Orr, Packard. Palmer, Isaac 0.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Prindle, L li- II.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shank?.
Shoemaker, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith. Worthingon C. Smith,Snyder, Sprague, Stark-
weather. Stoughton, St. John, Taffe, iurner. lyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Waldron. Wheeler, Willard,
and John T. Wilson—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, A verill,
