1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Banks, Boarman. Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler,
Campbell, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Dickey, Harwell,
Worker, Getz, ilalsey, Keiley, Killinger, Kinsella,
Leaob, Lewis, McCrary, McHenry, McKee.McNeely,
Merrick, Leonard Myers, Negley, William E. Nib-
lack, Packer, Poland, Potter, Randall, Seeley,
Shellabarger, Snapp, Stevens, Swann, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Wake-
man, Walden, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—47.
So the main question was ordered. ■
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has, fourteen minutes
since; but that makes no difference, as the
House is now acting uuder the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. AMBLER, I call for the yeas and
nays on ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 111, nays 80, not voting 49; as
follows:
YBAS—Mossrs. Acker, Arthur, Barnum, Barry,
Erasmus W. Beck. James B. Bock, Bigby, Biggs,
Bird, James (i. Blair, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Bur-
dett, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb,
Coghlan, Cotningo, Conner, Crebs, Critcher, Cross-
land, Davis, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Bunnell, Eldredge,
Ely, Esty, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Giddings, GoS-
laday, Griffith, Haldeman. Hambleton, Hancock,
Hanaiey, Hanks, Ilarmer, Harper, George E. Har-
ris, John T. Harris, Hays, Hereford, Herndon. Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Kolio&g, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lami-
son, Macfntvre, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick,
McGrew, McKinney, Benjamin i. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Silas L. Niblack,
William E. Nibhick, Ilosea W. Parker. Perce, Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Price, llead, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent,
Sheldon, Sherwood. Shober, Slater, Sloss, Speer,
Stevens, Stevenson. Storm, Stowell, Sutherland,
Sypher, Terry, Tuthill, Twichell, Vaughan, Voor-
hoes, Waddell, Wallace, Warren. Welts. Whiteley,
Whitthorno, Winchester, and Young—111.
NA^S—Messrs. Ainbier, Arnoa, Barber, Beatty,
Bell, Bmerham, Austin Blair, Buckley, Bultmton,
Bunnell, Burchard, Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cotton,
Darrall, Donnan, Duell, Karnes, Elliott, Farns-
worth, Fiukwlnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, Havens. John B.
Hawley. Josoph R. HawUty, Gerry W. Hazelton,
.John W._ Hazelton, liibbard, Uolman, Houghton,
Kelley, Ketohaui, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch,
Manson, McClelland, MuJunkin, Merriam, Monroe,
Moore, Morphia, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Peters, Ellis H. Roberta,
Rusk, Sawyor. Sessions, Shanks, Shoemaker, Slo
cam, 11. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worth
V.MiVlk (Jn.trl/i* A...   O t I -   i [. ..
NOT VOTJ NG—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Averill,
Banks, Boartuan, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler,
Oamnbell, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey,
Potter, Pruidle, Rainey, Randall, Scotield, Seeley,
SheHabargcr, Snapp, Swann, Thomas, Bwighfc
iownsend, Washington Townsend, Wakeman. Wal-
den, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—19.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move to
suspend the rules.
fhe SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain that motion. The usage is and has been
fpr years that when during the morning hour
of Monday the previous question has been
ordered upon the engrossment and third read-
ing of a bill, the House shall go on and decide
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. AMBLER. As a parliamentary inquiry,
I desire to know whether that is simply the
usage that has grown up without objection or
■whether 
Mr. HOAR. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. It is a usage which has
Income a matter of right.
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 111, nays 75, not voting 54 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur. Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Bigby, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Boarman, Boles,
Braxton, Bright. Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Carroll, Cobb, Cogblan, Conner,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dodds, Dox, Du-
Bose, Duke, Bunnell, Eldredge, Ely, Esty. Henry D.
Foster, Garrett, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith, Halde-
man, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Har-
per, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hay, Hays,
Hereford, Herndon, Hill, Hoar. Hooper, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach, Maclntyre,
Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, MeGrew, Mc-
Kinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Silas L. Niblack, William E. Nib-
lack, Hosea W. Parker. Perce, Perry, Piatt, Porter,
Price, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion II. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sargent. Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Suther-
land, Sypher, Terry. Tuthill. Twichell. Vaughan,
Voorhees. Waddell, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Winchester, and Young—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barber, Beatty,
Bell, Bingham. Austin Blair, Buckley, Buffinton,
Bunnell, Burchard, Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cot-
ton, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Eames, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Cnarles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Good-
rich, Halo, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R,
Hawley, Gerry W. Hazclton, John W. Ilazelton,
Hibbard, llolman, Houghton, KeJlcy, Ketcham,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch. McClelland, Mc-
Junkm, Merriam, Monroe, Morphis, Negley, Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Ellis 11. Rob-
erts, Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Worthuigton C. Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Stark-
weather, StouKhton, T.tile, Turner, Tyner, Up^on,
Van Trump, Wakeman, Waldron, Wheoler, Wil-
lard, and JobnT. Wilson—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Oommgo, Cox, Creely, Crocker,
Dickey, Duell, Elliott, Farwell, Porker, Wilder D.
ioster, Getz, Ilalsey, Harmer, Kilhngor, Kinsella,
Lewis, Manson, McCrary, McHenry, MeNeely,
Moore, Leonard Myers, Packer, Lsaae C. Parker.
Peters, Poland, Potter, Prindle, Rainey, Randall,
John M. Rice, Scolield, iSeeley, Shanks, Sloss,
fenapp, Stowell, St. John, Swann, Thomas, Dwight
rownsend. Washington Townsend, Walden, White-
ley, Williams ot Indiana, Williams of New York,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—54.
So the bill was passed.
burin# the roll call,
Mr. TWICHELL said: My colleague, Mr.
Crockior, is contined to his room by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. PERCE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also muved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
improvements in the dist1uct.
I he SPEAKER, There comes over from
Monday last a motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to suspend the rules
and pass a resolution in relation to improve-
ments by the Board of Public Works in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw that resolu-
tion.
Mr. MONROE. I move to suspend the
rules and 
WILLIAM AND MAItY COLLEGE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to move to
amend the title of the bill just passed. It is
in order, is it not? And upon that motion I
have the floor, have I not?
The SPEAKER. That is not a debatable
motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The motion to
amend the title of a bill is certainly a debata-
ble question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. MONROE. I understand that I had
the floor on a motion to -suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fabnsworth] address the Chair
before the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Pkkoe] moved to reconsider and lay on the
table?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did address the
Chair before he had moved anything about the
title, not before he moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed.
The SPEAKER. That includes the title.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment of
the title is a different question from the passage
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. But any point upon the
title must be made before laying on the table
the reconsideration of the vote by which the
bill is passed. That is obvious, as the gentle-
man must see.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not so under-
stand the rules.
The SPEAKER. The House by recon-
sidering and laying on the table the vote on
the passage of the bill agrees to pass the bill
as it stood, title and all. If there be a point
upon the title, it must be made before the
reconsideration of the passage. The Chair
thinks the gentleman from Illinois is a little
late.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I un-
derstand that every vote of the House may be
immediately reconsidered or the motion to
reconsider may be laid on the table. But a
vote passing a bill is no vote upon the adoption
of the title.
The SPEAKER. The vote passing the bill
is a vote in which the title is involved. Im-
mediately after the passage of the bill any
gentleman may raise the point that the title
should not stand as reported; but if the point
is not then raised, and the House lays on the
table the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, the matter is closed
against any further question. The gentleman
from Ohio moves to suspend the rules to pass
the following bill 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before going to that
I desire to ask a question. I know the usage
of the House was, after the bill had been
passed, to raise the question as to the title,
and the member in charge of the bill formerly,
if anxious the title should stand, made that,
motion directly himself, and often used to call
the previous question on the title as well as on
the bill. 1 thiuk the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will sustain
me in my recollection on that point, that the
title is a different question and is to be taken
as no part of the bill. If it cannot be amendci
because a vote has been had 011 the bill and
that has been reconsidered, then when can id
be amended ?
The SPEAKER. The Speaker has indi-
cated the exact point of time when the title is
amendable. It is often the custom of the
Chair to state, shall the title of the bill stand ?
That always is announced before the vote is
taken 011 the motion to reconsider and lay
upon the table the vote by which the bill was
passed. Any question in reference to the title
must be raised before the vote by which the
bill is reconsidered and that motion laid upon
the table. The Chair announces ''The bill
is passed and the title will stand unless there
be objection and that probably is the phrase-
ology to which the gentleman refers. The
gentleman knows that is often omitted when
there is no question raised upon the title.
The only necessity for leaving that point open,
as the gentleman from Illinois is aware, and
the Chair now only calls his attention to it—
the only necessity for leaving the title open to
amendment is that in the process of passing
the bill it may have been so amended and so
changed that the original title will not apply
to the bill as passed by the House. Thai,
however, does not attach in this case, because
no amendment has been made to the bill The
title is the very last thing considered because
there may be something iu amendments to tlie
bill which may call for some amendment of
the title, but in this case, as I have said, this
would not apply; and besides, after the puss-
age of this bill the vote by which it was passed
was moved to be reconsidered and that motion
laid upon the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I may be per-
mitted 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman upon the rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The rule says "the
