124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
IIo. of Keps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. McCrary.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few days after that
letter .was written, Mr. Ames and Mr. McComb
met in the city of New York. Mr. McComb
wanted to know from Mr. Ames who were the
persons to whom he was going to sell the stock.
It will be observed he does not state in these
letters^ the names of the individuals, but the
localities in which he had placed the stock.
Mr. Ames gives to Mr. McComb a list of
twelve names, corresponding exactly in point
of locality with his letter of January 25 ; and
all these names are the names of members of
Congress except one ; and this is the name of
the elerk of one of the committees of this
House.
In this letter Mr. Ames further says :
"I am here on tho spot, and can bettor judge
whero they should go."
Where was he? He says he was " on the
spot." Was there any particular object in
selling shares of stock of the Credit Mobilier to
citizens of Washington ? Certainly there is no
evidence that a single share was ever sold or
ever offered to any citizen of Washington. He
was here " on the spot," and therefore able to
"judge better where they should go." He
was here in this House, and considered him-
self better able to judge as to what members
of the House should be placed under obliga-
tions to the Credit Mobilerthan Mr. McComb,
who was in the city of New York. If it does
not mean that, pray what does it mean?
" I think after this dividend is paid wo should
make our capital four millions, and distribute tho
new stock where it will protect us."
Protect them how? Protect them from
what? Was the Credit Mobilier threatened
with anything on earth except an investigation
into its affairs by the Congress of the United
States ? If there was any other danger will
any gentleman tell me what it was? Yet
Mr. Ames proposed to Mr. McComb to in-
crease the capital stock from $3,750,000 to
$4,000,000, and to place it " where it will pro-
tect us." Then he adds " let them have the
stock at par, and profits in the future." Let
whom have it? Why, sir, the whole corre-
spondence between Mr. Ames and Mr. McComb
was with reference to placing stock with these
members of Congress. Mr. Ames had said in
one of his letters that he had not enough to
give everybody some that might want it; and
in this letter he suggests an increase of the
capital stock to $4,000,000 in order that it
may be placed where it will do most good;
and he suggests to " let them have the stock
at par, and profits in the future." This means
most unquestionably that he proposed to Mr.
McComb to let members of Congress have the
stock at par, and to increase the capital stock
to $4,000,000 in order to place it where it
would prevent unfriendly legislation.
Then he says still further, " the sixty per cent,
increase on the old stock X want for distribu-
tion here, and soon." Now, has he told us of
anybody except these public men to whom he
proposed to give it? Where did he want
to distribute it? Here in Washington city.
He wanted to distribute it soon. Now, to
whom did he want to distribute it? Unques-
tionably to members of Congress; for he
never sold or offered to sell to any others, and
never proposed to sell at par to any others.
Then in his letter of January 30, 1808, he
says:
"Yours of the 28th is at hand inclosing copy of
letter from, or rather to Mr. King. I do not fear any
investigation here."
An investigation, then, had been suggested.
"Whatsome of Durant's friends may do in New
York court cannot be counted upon with any cer-
tainty. I have used this where it will produce most
good to us, X think. In view of King's letter and
Washburne's mo*e, I go in for making our bond
dividend in full. We can do it with perfect safety."
Now, " Washburno's move " was a move
against the interests of the Credit Mobilier. I
would like to call the attention of the House
to a little history contemporaneous with the
writing of these letters. About this time Mr.
Washburne made a speech in Congress in sup-
port of the bill which he had introduced to
regulate freight on the Union Pacific railroad.
His speech was .delivered March 28, 1868, and
I call attention to some passages in it to show
that this coufpany had good reason to be appre-
hensive that Congress would institute an in-
vestigation into its affairs. In the course of
his speech Mr. Washburne said among other
things:
"With the first grant seourod—a grant worth un-
told millions—instead of proceeding to build tho
road, this Union Pacific, before sponding a dollar
in building the road, or, as I believe, in moving a
shovelful of earth, came down upon Congress—
" 1 Like the wolf on the fold,
And their cohorts were gloaming in purple and
gold,'
and in 186i succeeded in securing the passage of an
act to wipe out every provision mado in tho original
act for the security of tho public.
Of the manner by which said last act was passed I
care not to spoak. It is of the act itself that I speak.
Who voted for this amended act it is impossible to
ascertain, as the record shows that all attompts to
obtain the yeas and nays on its linal passage tailed.
Wo know this, that ovory iutoreat of thopeoplo that
was guarded in the first act. was sacrificed in tlio
second. Wo know that tho security of the Govern-
ment was subordinated to a fiist wortgago, amount-
ing to over $(10,000,000; that tho reservation of any
part of the bonds until theroad should becomploted
was repealed, also tho fivo per cent, net earnings to
apply to liquidato the bonds, and tho provision for
applying tho earnings of tho road on Government
transportation was also altered so as to require but
ono half to be so applied, and all restrictions as to
amount of stock that any one man could hold was
removed.
"Now, Mr. Speaker, I will assert, prove, and main-
tain that tho Government of tho Unitod Statos will
furnish every dollar neoossary to build those roads,
and that for these vast advances Government has
practically no security whatever. By computation
it appears that the Government subsidy will average
about $30,000 per milo for tho ontire distance. In
tho judgment of roliablo railroad wou there is not
to exeoed throo hundred milesof the ontire lino that
will cost to exceed that sum per milo, whilo a largo
part of the rest of the line will oost far loss; yet I
iind that when tho bill of 1804 was up for considera-
tion it was stated on tho floor of tbn House that there
were many miles that would cost £500,000 per mile.
" I, of course, do not believe any corrupt mlluence
was used on any member of Congress. X would not
intimato anything of the kind, but X believo I stato
nothing more than what is notorious when I say the
vice president of that road has charged the company
with $500,000 as having been expended in Washing-
ton to socure tho pasago of that act, claiming tile
money was expended in a confidential way, and de-
clining to furnish any vouchors."
And the House knows this fact was recently
developed and brought to light by the commit-
tee of which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Wilson] is chairman. Mr. Washburne went
on to state other things by way of charges
against the management of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, which undoubtedly created
an alarm among those gentlemen. There is
an incident which will be fouud testified to in
the testimony of Mr. Durant which will illus-
trate the anxiety at that time lest there should
be an investigation into their conduct ordered
by Congress. There was a quarrel among
tho directors of this company over in New
York, Mr. Durant on one side and Mr. Ames
and others oil the other. Mr. Durant being
offended at something the other party had
done, declared his intention to write a letter
to Washington and advise Washburne to
institute an investigation to determine whether
it was right and proper for the stockholders
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company to
contract with themselves under the name of
the Credit Mobilier of America. Mr. Durant
swears he did write such a letter, and that
the other gentlemen connected with the Credit
Mobilier, upon hearing of that fact, yielded
to him what he demanded in that particular
controversy, and prevailed upon him to allow
one of their number to go to the post office
in New York city and get out of the mails
the letter he had addressed to Mr. Wash-
burne. I call attention to this fact to show
that these gentlemen at that time were appre-
hensive that an investigation might be made
by order of the Congress of the United States.
In the last letter which appears in the testi-
mony written by Mr. Ames he uses this lan-
guage, about the meaning of which there can
be no question, " I want that fourteen thou-
sand increase in Credit Mobilier to sell here.
Wcwantmore friends in this Congress." Now,
if he had stopped there I think no one would
have mistaken what he meant; he wanted these
$14,000 of stock for sale here because he
wanted more friends in this Congress. Of
course he wanted to sell it to members of Con-
gress, but as if with a view to prevent all dis-
pute about his meaning, he proceeds to use
this language, " We want more friends in Con-
gress, and if a man will look into the law—and
it is difficult to get them to do so unless they
have an interest to do so—we cannot be inter-
fered with." If that means anything in the
world it means Mr. Ames wanted these $14,000
of bonds in order that he might sell them to
members of Congress so as to have more
friends in Congress, and so as to have friends
in Congress who would take an interest in the
Union Pacific railroad and in the Credit Mo-
bilier of America, which would induce them, to
look into it and take care of their interest. It
cannot mean anything else it seems to me.
And Mr. Ames's testimony in the course of
this investigation puts the case on precisely
the same ground. I observe in his statement
which was read from the Clerk's desk to-day
he puts it on a little different ground, or
attempts to. In the testimony before the
committee he did not hesitate to say it was
because he desired to interest members of
Congress in this stock so they would look into
it that he sold it to them at less than its value.
This is his testimony:
" Question. What was your motive in endeavoring
to induce mombcrs of Congress to become share-
holders in tho Credit Mobilior and the Union Pacific
iiailroad?
"Answer. My object was to have associated with
us men of influence and charaetor to investigate
it and hoe for themselves in regard to the rights
and privileges of tho Onion Paeilic Iiailroad Com-
pany.
Question. Investigate what?
"Answer. There was a. prejudice against {ho Union
Pacific railroad. It was charged we wero a set of
scoundrels and swindlers, and had committed ait
sorts of crimes against tho public."
And in the carefully prepared statement
which was read as his testimony before the
committee he says:
" There was first a complaint made by Mr. Wash-
burne of the value of tho land grants, In view of
this I desired tliatwoshould put it out of the power
of any one to take from us what we had, in my view,
paid tho Government for. It was to get these land
grants as private property. I wanted tliem sold and
the bonds divided. Mr. Alley thought we could not
afford to do this; and tho event proved that he was
right.
"It was also complained that we were excessive
in our chargcs for freight and transportation, not
that we exceeded our legal ritfht, but it was pro-
posed t.o trammel that right. Being a mere private
right, I had always found it difficult to induce any
one to take the trouble to look at the case. I did
not want any assistance or privilege, but that our
legal vested rights should not be taken troui us. I
thought wo had fairly bought or earned them, and
I knew if any ono would examine he would see this.
For this reason I wanted more shares to bo issued ;
for I have found that there is no difficulty in induc-
ing men to look after their own property."—Puge 22.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us inquire what
ground was there for apprehension on the part
of these stockholders in the Credit Mobilier
that Congress mightlook into their operations,
and that as the result of investigation their
schemes might be thwarted. I f an investiga-
tion bad been ordered at that time, what facts
would have been developed? Well, sir,
among other things let me call the attention
of the House to the following : it would have
appeared-that in I8G4 the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company had represented to Congress
that it was utterly impossible to go on with the
construction of that road unless the United
