460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Sir, let us reverse the case. Let us suppose
that England should pass a law like this,
applicable to vessels going with immigrants
from the United States to England. Let us
suppose that the English consul should go on
board one of the American steamers lyiug in
the portof New York and demand the right
to examine that vessel with reference to immi-
grants going from this country to England.
Suppose an English officer, a consul or consul
general, should attempt to exercise jurisdic-
tion over an English vessel lying in American
waters, what should we say to that? Why,
sir, the life of that officer, be he consul or
anything else, would not be safe in the port
of New York if he were to attempt to exer-
cise in an American port the same rights
which we propose by this bill to delegate to
an American consul in a foreign port. And
I would say to the gentleman that we are
already in negotiation with the empire of
Germany on this whole question of immigra-
tion. VVe are at present considering this
question in the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
of which I have the honor to be a member ;
and unless there should be a treaty provision
whicli would authorize the American consul
to visit the American vessels in the ports of
Hamburg or Stettin, it would be impossible for
him ever to carry out the provisions of this
law.
Now, I submit to this House whether they
are prepared to enact here, in the first place,
what is impossible of execution*, and what,
in the «econd place, if attempted to be exe-
cuted, would lead to foreign complications of
a very serious character? I ask the House
whether in legislation of this kind they are
not gradually encroaching upon the treaty-
making power, no portion of which is dele-
gated to the House of Representatives, and
whether unless by a treaty, unless by the con-
sent of the President and the Senate under
the form of a treaty, they could execnte such
an act as is proposed to be passed here, in
foreign waters ?
And all through this bill, sir, we provide
that a foreign vessel, fitted up in a foreign
port, shall be fitted up in the way we direct;
that she shall be provisioned and provided
with the things which we direct in this act.
Sir, the thing is impossible, and indeed, with
all respect to the committee which has report-
ed the bill, I would almost say it is absurd.
But, sir, that is not all. To show how crude
and how absurd many provisions of this bill
are, I will call the attention of the House to
the seventh section, which provides that the
owners, agents, or master of each immigrant
vessel shall furnish good and well-cooked food,
three meals a day. And then if you turn to
the eleventh section you will find that the
three meals a day must all be furnished before
two o'clock!
Then, again, the twelfth section provides
"that no such vessel carrying passengers to
or from the United States shall carry, as cargo,
horses, cattle, gunpowder, bituminous coal,
naphtha, benzine, petroleum, nitro-glycerine,
lucifer matches, or other explosive articles,"
thus including horses and cattle as explosive
articles! I only refer to these matters, imma-
terial on their face, to show how carelessly,
how unthinkingly the framers of this bill have
attempted to make provisions of law which
are impossible of execution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with these few remarks,
and intending at the close of my hour to test
the sense of the House upon a proposition
refer this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr#POTTER. Mr. Speaker, this bill deals
with two subjects; one part relates to the treat-
ment of immigrants while embarking and on
board ship ; the other portion of it relates to
the treatment of immigrants after they have
lauded within the United States. In respect
of that portion which treats of immigrants
upon shipboard I shall say little. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] asks who
there is in this House who dare put himself
on record against a measure for the better
treatment of immigrants. I hope, sir, there
will be no one when that single question
arises, and if I oppose myself, as I do most
earnestly and after most careful reflection, to
this bill, it is because I do not believe it is
calculated either to promote immigration, as
it is entitled, or better the condition of im-
migrants on shipboard, or after they have
landed, but generally the contrary.
Now, sir, so much of this bill as relates to
the treatment of immigrants upon shipboard
has been considered by the Chamber of Com-
merce of New York, a chamber composed in
large part of Republican merchants, and their
general declaration in respect of that portion
of it is contained in these few words, which,
omitting their specifications, I read from their
memorial to Congress:
" In the sections that relate to the passage across
the ocean, we find the provisions of some of thein
impracticable, while compliance with the demands
of some other sections would have the effect of
checking immigration, if not stopping it altogether."
So that as regards that portion of the bill, it
proposes in the first place to enter into foreign
countries in order to regulate the shipping of
immigrants in foreign ships, a matter about
which the Congress has no power to legislate
whatever; and then, in tfee second place, it
proposes to enforce regulations which prac-
tical merchants say will have the exact reverse
of the effect intended.
But passing from that matter let me now
briefly speak to the portion of the bill which
relates to the treatment of immigrants after
they are landed in the United States.
This bill, it should be understood by the
House, is aimed at the city and State of New
York. Gentlemen may say that it is intended
for the whole of the United States, but it is
. really and in practical working aimed at the
i State of New York. I say that because of
the six million European immigrants that
have come to the United States since 1846,
five million thirty-three thousand have come
to the port of New York. Doubtless, if you
add the Chinese immigrants and the immi-
grants from Canada you may reduce the pro-
portion to the figures given by the gentleman
from Michigan; but of the European immi-
grants five sixths of the whole number for the
last quarter of a century have come to the
port of New York. This bill, therefore, I am
warranted in saying, is aimed at the city and
State of New York.
Well, now, what is the system in that State
in respect of immigrants proposed to be wiped
out by this bill? By the laws of New York
' ship-owners who land immigrant passengers
! on her soil must give bonds to meet any charge
, that may come to the State by reason of such
immigrants becoming paupers within a limited
time, I believe five years. Instead of giving
such a bond, however, the ship-owner has the
option of commuting by paying to the State the
sum of $1 50 for each immigrant passenger
landed. The amount was formerly $2 60, but
it has been reduced at the instance of the
present commissioners of emigration to $1 50.
That is the head money that is spoken of by the
gentleman from Missouri. And how does this
charge operate? Does it prove practically a
tax on immigration? It is added undoubtedly
to the passage money, and yet it is a well-
known fact that the passage money to the city
of New York to day is as low as it is to any
part of the United States where this charge is
not imposed.
Now this fund, amounting last year to
$440,000, is the fund out of which the immi-
grants are cared for and supported in our
State. They are received on arrival by the
commissioners ; are disembarked under their
care ; are protected from over charge and im-
position, are supplied with interpreters and
information ; are put in communication with
friends in this country if they have any, and
with facilities for corresponding with their
friends at home ; are furnished with labor till
they can find employment for themselves ; are
aided to that employment through an employ-
ment bureau ; are forwarded to their destina-
tion if going beyond New York, having a
choice of routes; are, so far as practicable,
protected and cared for en route; are sent to
the hospital if ill, and generally are taken
care of there, or for any time within five years
afterward, if found in the State requiring care.
How did this system grow tip? Did it
have its origin as a partisan measure or one of
profit? Not at all. It began originally in New
York as a charity. In 1846, at the instance
of some of the most eminent merchants and
private citizens of New York, moved by the
immigration which was then assuming large
proportions, a charitable commission was es-
tablished, and that commission has to this day
continued to manage immigration. It is not
a partisan commission, although a portion of
the members are nominated by the Governor
of the State. For in addition to those so nom-
inated the commission embraces the mayors
for the time being of New York and of Brook-
lyn, who are ex officio members of the com-
mission, and also the presidents of the two
great charitable societies of those nationalities
to which the immigrants mainly belong—the
German and the Irish societies.
How, sir, has this commission discharged
its work? It has been now in operation for
some twenty-five years, and on the whole with
the most admirable results. Now and then a
railway agent will be found who is dissatisfied
because lie cannot plunder or abuse the im-
migrants as he would wish, and he makes an
outcry. Occasionally similar influences raise
an outcry through the press, and a movement
is made to have the commission overhauled.
And it has been overhauled again and again,
and with what result? Uniformly and invari-
ably, I understand, in favor of the commission.
I do not suppose that in handling five millions
of passengers some abuses have not occurred.
But upon the whole the administration of this
commission has been such as, I believe, to com-
mend it to the best judgment of the country.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man allow ineto ask him a question for inform-
ation?
Mr. POTTER. Certainly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understand that
a year or two ago the Legislature of Nevfr York
ordered an investigation of this commission.
That investigation was had in part, perhaps
not fully. The result of this ascertainment
was that the Legislature of New York passed a
bill abolishing the whole concern. That bill,
however, failed to become a law, owing to a
pocket veto. I would inquire of the gentle-
man what is the fact, and what about the
information that was thus elicited.
Mr. POTTER. I will answer the gentle-
man from Ohio by saying that the bill passed
by the Republican Legislature of New York
at its last session was a bill to change the
members that controlled the commission from
the Democrats who then happened to be upon
it to such others as might be appointed in
their stead. It was not proposed by that act
to abolish the commission itself at all. And
here let me say a single word in answer to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Fixkelnbttrg,]
who said that he understood that the present
commissioners had so abuaed their trust that
they had deposited a large amount of money
in some Tammany bank, where it had been
lost. It is true that at one time the commis-
sioners deposited a small amount of money in
the only bank convenient to Ca"stle Garden,
their place of business, and from the failure
of that bank they lost about $300, of which,
since that time, they have recovered $150.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The statement
sent to us was that the amount was about
$200,000.
