1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. McOrary.
Ho. of Reps.
States would give up its first mortgage lien
and allow the company to execute bonds for
thirty-eight or forty million dollars, and
secure them by a first mortgage on the road.
It would have appeared that very soon after
that legislation was procured these contracts
were entered into between the Credit Mobilier
of America and the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, by which the greater part of the
money which the Union Pacific Railroad
Company had been enabled to raise by reason
of the legislation of 1864, and which they were
bound to use in constructing that great high-
way or in payment of honest debts, had been
divided among the stockholders of the Credit
Mobilier under the guise of profits, while the
road itself was built with other securities ob-
tained from the Government. It would have
appeared if an investigation had been insti-
tuted that the Hoxie contract, which had been
assigned to the Crebit Mobilier, and under
which that corporation was receiving $50,000
per mile for constructing a portion of the
Pacific road, was extended over fifty-eight
miles of road which had been built, completed,
and accepted under another contract at a cost
of only $'27,'000 per mile.
Let me .call the attention of the House to
the report of another committee of this House,
in which this particular fact has been brought
out. In the report of the committee of which
Mr. Wilson", of Indiana, is chairman, this fact
is stated as follows. After showing that the
fifty-eight miles in question was built under
the Boomer contract at a cost of not over
$27,000 per mile, the committee say:
"But notwithstanding this, on tho fifth day of
January. 1867, the board of directors by a resolution
extended the Hoxie contract over this fifty-eight
miles of then completed road, thereby proposing to
pay to tho Credit Mobilier the sum of $22,500 per
mile for this fifty-eight miles, amounting to the sum
of $1,345.01)0, without any consideration whatever.
" The following is the resolution of date January
5,1867:
"' llesolved, That the Union Pacific Rail road Com-
pany will, and do hereby, consider the Hoxie contract
extended to the point already completed, namely,
three hundred and five miles west from Omaha, and
that the officers of this company are hereby author-
ized to settle with the Credit Mobilier at $50,000 per
mile for the additional fifty-eight miles.'
" That it was proposed to give the Credit Mobilier
this profit, if that is tho proper word to be used in
such a eonncotion, is verified by tho fact that sub-
sequently the sum of $1,101,000 waspaid to tho Credit
Mobilier on account of this fifty-eight miles, for the
construction of which it never had even the sem-
blance of a contract. Of this $1,104,000 further men-
tion will be made hereafter,"
An investigation would have shown that a
similar fraud, for it deserves no belter name,
was practised under the Oakes Ames con-
tract. This contract, under which the Credit
Mobilier received from $42,000 to $96,000 per
mile, was extended over one hundred and
thirty-eight miles of road constructed under
another contract at a cost of over §27,000 per
mile. These facts explain the testimony of
Dr. Durant that immediately upon the execu-
tion of the Oakes Ames contract there was a
profit of $4,000,000 -to be divided. Upon
this point the committee from whose report I
have already quoted say:
"This contract extended over one hundred and
thirty-eight miles of road completed and acceptcd.
No work was done under ituntil after its assignment.
That portion already completed had cost no t to exceed
$27,5CH} per mile, and by embracing this one hundred
and thirty-eight miles in it, these trustees derived a
profit,' if such a term is admissible in such a connec-
tion, which enabled them to make a dividend among
the stockholders in less than sixty days after tho
assignment, namely, on the 12th of December, 1867,
as follows: Sixty per cent, in first-mortgage bonds
of thfc Union Pacific Eailroad Company, $2,244,000 ;
sixty per cent, in stock of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, $2,214,000. .
" This was mamly, if not entirely, derived from
the excess of tho contract price over what the ono
hundred and thirty-eight miles had cost.
These are some of the things which would
have Been developed if an investigation had
been ordered. While these things were pro-
gressing it is not strange, Mr. Speaker, that
Mr. Ames and the stockholders in the Credit
Mobilier were alarmed by the threatened in-
vestigation. It is not strange that they pre-
vailed upon Dr. Durant to withdraw from the
mails the letter which he had addressed to
Mr. Washburne after it had been placed in the
post office. It is not strange that Mr. Ames
alluded to this threatened investigation in his
letter to McComb. They dreaded an investi-
gation because they were engaged in opera-
tions which would not bear the light.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am obliged to con-
clude from these facts that Mr. Ames did in-
tend by selling stock to members of Congress
at less than half its value to influence their
official eondnct. It has been said here by sev-
eral, and it has been stated elsewhere, that it
is impossible to conclude that Mr. Ames had
any corrupt purpose iti this transaction unless
you conclude that these gentlemen with whom
he dealt had a corrupt purpose likewise.
Gentlemen have said that bribery is a crime
which no one person can commit. That is a
statement to which I cannot assent at all. It
may very often happen that a person will
undertake by improper and corrupt means to-
influence a public officer and to control or
influence his official acts, while at the same
time he secretes his purpose from the officer
whom he approaches. In this particular case,
and I apprehend it is likely to be so in many
cases, the real facts from which the corrupt
purpose of Mr. Ames is to be deduced were not
only not known to the members he approached,
but were carefully, and 1 have no doubt de-
signedly, concealed from them.
I apprehend that it is hardly to be expected
that a transaction of this kind would be so
conducted as to advertise to everybody its
purpose. Now what knowledge had the mem-
bers to whom Ames sold stock? Mr. Ames
said to them in substance: " 1. think this is
good stock; I am willing to guarantee to you
ten per cent, upon it." He did not say to
them, or to any one of them, that a large divi-
dend had already been earned upon the stock.
He did not say to one of them that the stock
was at that time worth from two to three
hundred per cent, of its par value. He did
not explain to any of them the particulars of
the contract between the' Credit Mobilier and
the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
All this was carefully concealed, undoubt-
edly for the reason that he knew the moment
any of these facts were disclosed to any one
of those gentlemen, if he were an honest
man he would spurn the offer. So he went to
them offering this stock as a simple invest-
ment, carefully concealing from them the fact
that it had recently become very valuable,
carefully abstaining from stating to them any-
thing except that he believed it to be a good
investment, and that he would guarantee ten
per cent, upon it, and that this Credit Mobilier
had a contract for building the Union Pacific
railroad; that was all.
Now I ask again, can we conclude from that
alone that these gentlemen had a corrupt pur-
pose, or that they knew of a corrupt purpose
on the part of Mr. Ames? It seems to me
that to so hold or to so find would be the gross-
est injustice to and the grossest disregard of
the right of members of this House.
But these gentlemen have testified and Mi'.
Ames has testified. They and he agree in the
fact I have stated as to what was communicated
to them by him. They have each one of them
solemnly sworn that they had no suspicion
whatever of any improper motive on the part
of Mr. Ames, and that it did not occur to them
that an attempt was being made to improperly
influence their conduct as members of this
House. 3 will read the testimony of Mr.
Dawes upon this point. The testimony of the
other gentlemen named is to the same pur-(
port.
Mr. Dawes testifies:
"Neither during this transaction, nor before it,
nor since its close, have I entertained any thought
or purpose in connection with it; nor was anything
ever suggested to me in that connection in any way,
directly or indirectly, having reference to any official
conduct of mine in or out of Congress. Nor did any-
thing in connection with it pass Between me and 'Mrs
Amks or any other person other than would natur-.
ally have passed had I purchased of him the Iowa
railroad bond I endeavored to get, or had I pur-
chased any share of national bank stock or a United
States bond either of him or of any banker outside
of Congress. Before and up to that time I do not
remember to have heard the Credit Mobilier men-
tioned, or any measure touching the Pacific rail-
road since the legislation of 1864, under which it
was then being constructed; nor did I know of Mr.
Ames's dealings with any other person in or out of
Congress."—Page 113.
Therefore there is no testimony upon which
we can say that there was any corrupt purpose
on the part of the gentlemen who purchased
stock from Mr. Ames. We may criticise the
transaction; we may question the propriety
of it. But to say that any one of those gentle-
men was guilty of corruption in that act is to
say what the evidence does not justify, and
what no man can say is proven by the testi-
mony here recorded. "
These gentlemen were informed that this
Credit Mobilier was a Pennsylvania corpor-
ation. That was a fact rather calculated to
prevent suspicion than to create it, because
upon the face of it a member of Congress
might properly hold the stock of a State cor-
poration which is not at all and cannot ordin-
arily be under the control of the legislation of
Congress. Unless they knew the further fact
that this corporation not only had a contract to
build the Union Pacific railroad, but a contract
by which it proposed to defraud the Government
of the United States, which we now'know was
the case, the simple fact that it was a corpor-
ation under the laws of Pennsylvania, and had
a contract to build the road, would not lead a
man of even excessive caution to believe or
to suppose that it was a corrupt thing per $e
for a member of Congress to hold stock in it.
Therefore the committee have come to the
conclusion that whiie Mr. Ames had this cor-
rupt purpose, as is disclosed by the evidence
and -by his own letters, the gentlemen to
whom he sold- the stock had no notice or
knowledge whatever of that, fact, and there was
no corrupt purpose on their part.
Mr. MOOIlfcj. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question, if it does not interrupt
him.
Mr. McCRARY. Very well.
Mr. MOORE. In determining tho motives
of the gentlemen who bought this Credit Mo-
bilier stock from Mr. Ames, did the committee
at any time take into consideration the fact
that those gentlemen manifested a very great
anxiety to create the impression upon the pub-
lic mind that they never did own any of this
kind of stock ? And did the committee take into
consideration the fact that whenever anything
was said in reference to the possibility of a
suit growing up those gentlemen began to
see if they could not get rid of this stock 1 I
wish to know whether the committee, in mak-
ing up their estimate, had not presented to
them in the testimony some such facts as
these : that those men, as soon as they saw
any intimation that this question might go into
thecourts or be publicly agitated, made an effort
to get rid of the stock that they had received ;
that they were not not seared at the large divi-
dends they had received, but immediately
became scared when they saw there was a
probability of the case being investigated in
the courts; but then they made an effort to
have the country believe that they never had
had any connection directly or indirectly with
the Credit Mobilier stock; in considering the
question of motive, J have been troubled to
know how the committee was enabled to get
over all these matters and finally come to the
