1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
said bill having passed and the title having
been read now the title -was not read in
this instance.
The SPEAKER. Nor is it usual.
Mr. EARNSW0RTH. The Speaker then
states if there be no objection this will remain
the title of the bill. The title may be then
subject to amendment, an<} unless the previous
question is ordered 011 it it is -also debatable.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve- 
Mr. FARNS W0RTH. The previous ques-
tion may be called upon the 'title as well as
upon the bill itself.
The SPEAKER. Tlie gentleman will ob-
serve he has nop touched the point in this case
at all. Just as.be has stated, the phraseology
is, " The bill is passed and the title will stand
if there be no objection." Then if there be
any question in reference to the title it must
be made at that time; but the gentleman will
observe the House had proceeded one step
further—the House had not only entertained
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was passed, but had also laid that motion
upon the table. There was then nothing be-
fore the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the Chair for-
gets, that he did not state " The bill is passed
and the title will stand if there be no objec-
tion."
The SPEAKER. Nor is it usual.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The question was
not put upon the title at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair admits he did
not, nor is it usual, as the gentleman well
knows. The Chair very rarely does it unless
some change has been made .by amendments
to the bill calling for some change in the title.
In this case there was no reason why there
should be any change in the title. Where
there has been no amendment to the bill, and
where obviously there is no necessity for
changing the title, the usage has been to omit
the statement that the bill having passed the
title will stand if there be no objection. At
all events the Chair must decide that the point
of order comes too late, for not only was the
motion made to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed, but that motion was laid
upon the table.
THREE PER CENT. TEMPORARY LOAN
Mr. MQNROE. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of passing a bill (H. R.
No. 8974) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to prQyide for the redemption of the
three per cent, temporal^ loan certificates,
and for a,n increase of national bank notes,"
approved July 12, 1870.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that, in addition to the amount of
national bank notes for circulation heretofore
authorized by acts of Congress, there may be
issued $25,000,000, which shall be furnished
to banking associations organized or to be
organized in those States and Territories which
have less thai} their proportion under a reap-
portionment of the national bank circulation,
based upon the census of 1870 and upon the
principle of apportionment contemplated by
the provisions of an aot entitled "An act to
amend an act to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved March 3, 1865. The
additional circulation authorized is to be se-
cured by the deposit of bonds with the Treas-
urer of the Pmted' States as provided by the
act. of,'July 12, 1870, J,o which this is supple-
mentary. The second section provides that
section. six of the act of July 12, 1870, be
repealed.
Mr. HOLMAl^. Will not the gentleman
allow an amendment, so as to make it "green-
backs" instead of national bank notes?
Mr. MONROE. J will not; and I now call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
4vd Cong. 3d Sess.—Iso 90.
Mr. MITCHELL. I ask that the bill be
again reported.
The bill was again read.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 121, nays 73, tiot voting 40 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber. Barry,
-Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, James G. Blair, JJo.iruiaii,
Boies, Braxton, Buckley, Bunnell, Burehnnl. Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. liutlc,. Cald-
well, Cobb, Coburn, Ooiutnfro, Conner, Cotton.
Critcher, Ijarrall. Donnan, DuBose, Daell, Duke,
Duaneli. fclhott, Farneworth, Far well, Finkeinburg,
Charles ioster, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett, Guidings, i
liandley, Harmer, Harper, George E. lUrris, .Johti I
I. Hams; Havens, John B. Hawley, Uav. Havs, !
, W. Haseltoo, John W. Hazelton, llerndon.
Hill, Houghton, Kelley, Ketoham, King, Lamison, I
,' Litnsnit. Loach, IlOwe, Lvnch, Msiynanl, I
McCormick, McCrary. McGrew, MoJunkin, McKoo, !
Merriam, Merrick, Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Mor- !
phis, Leonard Myers, Negloy, Silas L. Niblaok, Orr, !
Packard, Palmer, Isaac 0. Parker. Peek, Porce. 1
Perry, Piatt, Porter, Rainey, Robinson, John Rogers, :
,,, R'.cr:> Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, bhellabarger, Shober, Sloss, If. Boardman
gmith, fsnyder, bpraguo, Stoughton, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Terry, Turner, Tuthill,
|w;ohell iynor Upson Vaughan, Voorbeos, Wiul-
dell, Wallace, Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorno, Wil-
'iams of Indiana, John T. Wilson, and Young—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Aeker, Adams, Ambler, 'Archer,
Arthur,. Barnum, Erasmus W. Book, .Tames B. Beck,
Ben Biggs Bird, Austii) Blair, BuBinton, Carroll,
Clarke, Cogblan, Crebs, Crosslnnd, Dims, Dnwes,
Karnes, Eldredfte, Ely, Esty. Henry D. Foster, Uar-
fjeld, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, If ale,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hereford, IUbbard, How, Hol-
man, Kellogg; Kerr, Maclutvre, Manson, Marshall,
Moulelland, Benjamin F. Mevers. Mitchell, Wil-
liam B. Niblack, llosea W. Parker, Pendloton,
Peters, Randall. Read. Edward Y. Rice. John M.
Riee, Ellis II. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Roose-
velt, Sargent, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater. SIo-
cum, John A. Smith, WorthinKton C. Smith, Spoor,
Starkweather, Stevens, Storm, Washington Town-
send, Wiikeman, Waldron, Warren. Wheolor, Wil-
lard, and Winchester—73.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Banks, Bright,, Brooks,'
Campbell, Conner, Cox, Creoly, Crocker, Dickey,
Dodds, Dox, Forker, Frye, Got*, llalsey, Hainble-
ton, Hancock, Hanks, Hooper. Kendall, Killinger,
Kinsella, Lewis, Mcllonry, McKinnoy, MeNeely,
Moore, Packer, Poland, Potter,- Price, Prindle,
Ritchie, Scofleld, Sceloy, Snapp, Stevenson, Stowell,
Swann, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Van Trump,
Walden, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and Wood—46.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. TWICHELL said: My colleague [Mr.
Crocker] is confined to his room by indispo-
sition. If he were here he would approve a
portion of the bill and disapprove another
portion, and vote just according to his judg-
ment.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
election of president and vice l'rksidknt.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution :
Resolved. That the Committee on the Judiciary
be, and they are horeby, directed to examine and
report at any time an article to be proposed as an
amendment to r.ne Constitution, by which the Presi-
dent and Vice President may bo elected by a dircct
vote of the people of the several States.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman will
strike out the permission to the committee to
report at any time I will not object.
Mr. PORTER. I agree to modify my reso-
lution in that way.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
Mr. PORTER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 197)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
providing for the election of President and
Vice President by a direct vote of the people;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee <5n the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PORTER. I ask that it be printed also
in the Globe.
Therp was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
The joint resolution Is as follows :
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution providing for 'the election of Presi-
dent and Vice President by a direct vote of the
people.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State* of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds ofeach House concurring therein,) That
the following article be proposed as an amendment'
to the Constitution of the United States, which,
when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of
the several States, shall be valid, to all intents and
purposes, as part thereof:
Article —.
Section 1. The President and Vice Presidentship!
; be chosen by the electors in the several States quali-
' fled to vote for Representatives to the Congres.-.
: The person having the greatest number or plurality
t "f vote; for President shall bo tho President; and if
| I here be two or more receiving the highest number--,
and who have an equal number of votes tor Presi-
[ dent, then thollouse of Representatives shall choose,
by a viva v<>c> vote, one of them for President; and
if upon tho first vote no one shall have a majority of
the wholo number of votes east, the House shall im-
mediately proceed to a second vote, in which a plu-
rality of votes shall prevail; but if there he two or
more reooiving the highest numbers, and who havo
equal votes, then tho Speaker shall determine the
question by announcing his vote. The porson hav-
ing the greatest number or plurality of votes for
Vice President, shall bo tho Viee President: and if
thoro bo two or uiure receiving tho highest numbers,
and who have an equal number of votes for Vice
President, then the House of Representatives shall
choose ono of them for Vice President, in the sumo
mannor and under tho same proceedings as above
provided for tho election of the President by tho
same body.
Skc. 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation.
OltDKR OP B0SINKHS.
Mr. GARKIISLD, of Ohio. I hope there
will be no objection now to the House going
into Committee of tho Whole on the river and
harbor appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will in the
lirst place «ntnrtain motions by unanimous
consent for the introduction and reference of
hills by gentlemen who were not in their seats
when thair States warn called.
COMPENSATION OV CI,AIM AOKNT8.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. li. No. 8976)
to regulate the compensation of agents and
attorneys prosecutiug claims or demands
before Congress and the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, and foe other pur-
poses s which was read a first ami second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I give notice
that at the first opportunity I will move to
pass this bill under a suspension of the rules.
1 ask that the bill may bo printed in the Globe,
together with an extract from a decision ol'
the Supremo Court of the United States in the
support of the principles of the bill.
1 ne extract which i desire to call the atten-
tion 'of the House to in connection with this
bill is from an opinion delivered by Justice
(Jrier as the organ of the Supreme Court of
tho United States in the case of Marshall vs.
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad on appeal from
the United States couTt in Virginia, (16 How-
ard, pp. 334-85.)
There was no objection.
The bill and accompanying extract from
the decision of the Supi-eme Court are as
follows:
A bill to regulate the eohi^ensation of agents and
attorneys prosecuting elaims or demands before
Congress ahd the Executive Departments of the
Government, and for other purposes.
Whereas tho secret employment of persons by
those interested in legislation before Congress, and
in the payment of claitifs by the Departments of the
Government, for the " " ' "
   j -of influencing mem-
bers ot Congress ana Government officials in legis-
lation and official oondtai;, hjfe grown to be not only
asyspem utterjy cprrujjt ana'demoralising, against
public policy, subversive of justice, and a fraud
alike upon the employer ami the Treasury, but also
unjust and derogatory to the character for honesty
and integrity of those in position and offioers who
desire to aot alone for the public good: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from'and after the passage of this
act no person shall be permitted to appear or act as
agent or attorney for any individual, body politic
or corporate, relative to any claim or demand
against the United States, either before Congress or
any committee thereof, or before any Department
of the Government, when either he or any other
person has any interest, directly or indirectly, in
aid claim or demand, or any agreement for com-
pensation for services in obtaining payment of such
claim or demand, until such agent or attorney shall
file with the proper committee of Congress or the
proper officer of the Departments a statement on
