1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
oath, in writing, of the amount and character of
compensation which the'claimant has agreed to pay
for services rendered relative to said claim, and no
greater sum than the amount thus stated shall be
collectable out of or because of services .rendered
concerning said claim or demand. All other and
further agreements for the payment of additional
compensation relative to the collection of said claim
or demand shall be null and void. If any money or
other thing of value is paid, directly or indirectly,
by thedaimant, or any one for him, to any person
or persons, beyond the amount so filed, or other-
wise than as stated in said paper required to be
filed as aforesaid, it may be recovered 'by any per-
son suing for the same, from any person so receiving
it, or from any person interested in the payment so
made, by suit in any court of the United states,
one half of which recovery shall be paid to the per-
son suing therefor, and the other half shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States. And all per-
sons direetly or indirectly receiving any compensa-
tion in excess of or otherwise thanas set forth in
-said, statement, required to be filed as aforesaid,
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction
before any court of-the United States shall be fined
not less than $1,000, and may, in addition thereto,
be imprisoned for any time not exceeding one year,
at the discretion of the court: Provided, That, in
any case whatever, either before Congress or the
Executive Departments of the Government, the
amount of allowance to, the agent or attorney shall
be subject to the orders of the Departments, or ot
the Congress allowing or ordering payment of such
claim or demand.
The following..is the extract .above referred
tq: >
It is an undoubted principle of the common law
that it will not lend its aid to enforce or to do an
act that is illegal, or.which is inconsistent with
sound morals or public policy, or which tends to
corrupt or contaminate, by improper influences, the
integrity of-'our-social and political institutions;
hence ull contracts to evade the revenue laws are
void. Persons entering into the marriage relation
should'bo free frtim extraneous or deceptive influ-
ences; hence the law avoids all contracts to pay
money for procuring marriage. It is the interest of
the State tnat all places of public trust should be
tilled by men of capacity and integrity, and that the
appointing power should be shielded from influences
which ihay prevent the best selection; hence the
law annuls every contract for procuring the appoint-
ment or election of any {person to an office. The
pardoning pofrer,' committed to the Executive,
should be exercised as free from any improper bias
or influence as the trial of the conviet before the
co\irt; consequently, the law will notj enforce a con-
tract to pay money for soliciting petitions or using
influence to obtain a pardon. Legislators should act
from high considerations of public duty. Public
policy and sound morality do therefore imperatively
require that courts should put the stamp of their dis-
approbation on every act, and pronounce void every
contract the ultimate or probable tendency of which
would bo to sully the purity or mislead the judgments
of those to whom the high trust of legislation is con-
fidcd.
" All persona whose interests may in any way be
affected by any public or private act of the Legisla-
ture. havo an undoubted right to urge their claims
and arguments, either in person or by counsel pro-
fessing to act for them, before legislative committees
as well as in courts of justice. But when persons
act as counsel or agents, or in any representative
capacity, it is due to those before whom they plead
or solicit that they should honestly appear in their
true characters, so that their arguments and repre-
sentations openly and candidly made may receive
their just weight and consideration, A hired advo-
cate or agent assuming to act in a different character
is practicing deceit on the Legislature. Advice or
information flowing from the unbiased judgment of
disinterested persons will naturally be received with
more confidence and less scrupulously examined
lh.yn where the recommendations are known to be
th'e result of pecuniary interest, or the arguments
prompted and pressed by hope of a large contingent
reward, and the agent 'stimulated to active parti-
sanship by the strong lure of high profit.' Any
attempts to deceive persons intrusted with the
high functions of legislation by secret combinations,
or to create or bring into operation undue influences
of any kind, have all the injurious effects of a direct
fraud on the publib.
"Legislators should act with a single eye to the
true interest of the whole people, and courts of
justice can give no countenance to the use of means
which may subject them to be misled by the perti-
nacious importunity and indirect influences of in-
terested ana upscruphlous agents or solicitors. "
" Influences secretly urged under false and covert
pretenses must necessarily operate deleteriously on
legislative action, whether it be employed to obtain
the passage of private or public acts. Bribes, in the
shape ot high contingent compensation, must neces-
Ntrily lead to the use of improper means and the
exercise of undue influence. Their necessary con-
sequence ic the demoralization of the agent who
covenants for them; he is soon brought to believe
ilsat any means which will produce so beneficial a
sesult to himself are "proper means," and that a
^har« of these profits may have the same effect of
quickening the perceptions and warming the zeal
ot influential or " careless" members in favor of his
bill. The use of such means and such agents will
have the effect to subject the State governments to
the combined capital of wealthy corporations, and
produce uniform corruption, commencing with the
representative and ending with the. elector. Specu-
lation in legislation, public and private, ^ compact
corps of venal solicitors, vending their secret influ-
ences. will infest the capital of the Union and or
every State till corruption shall become the normal
condition of the body-politic, and it will be said ot
us as of Rome,' Onint Romas venale.
PREBMPTORS ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr DUNNELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3796) to extend
the time for two years to all preemptors on
the public lands in the State of Minnesota and
Territ&ry of Dakota to make final payment of
the same ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
AFFAIRS IN UTAH.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous
consent, presented the following memorial;
which was ordered to be printed in the Globe,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary:
Salt Lake, Utah, February 16,1873.
To the President, Senate, and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled :
Having read the memorial of the members of the
legal profession residing in Utah Territory; addressed
to the Congress of the> United States, an i knowing
the same to be in many respects untruthful and
unjust, wronging alike the Legislature of the Terri-.
tory and its citizens, we respectfully beg leave to
point out some of its manifold err,ors and misrepre-
sentations, and humbly suggest to the.Presidentand
your honorable body, to the honorable gentlemen
who signed the memorial, and to the public, why it
is that the condition of Utah is exceptional from
that of all other Territories, as stated by the memo-,
rialists, and if possible trace the source from which
the evils flow. The statement and memorial to
which we have referred were not presented, as the
language would seem to indicate, by the members
of the bar of Utah, but only by a portion of them,
many of those who signed it never having read it nor
fully known the nature of thestatements.and alarge
portion of the bar being wholly ignorant of its very
existence. That there are imperfections and omis-
sions in the laws of Utah Territory is undoubtedly
true.andweknowofno code of laws ofwhichthesame
thing cannot with equal candor and truth be alleged,
a fact undoubtedly sufficiently proved by the amend-
ments and new laws that crowd alike the statutes of
territorial, State, and General Government. That
there are greater omissions and imperfections in the
laws of Utah than in those of other Territories, or
that -they have occcurred through any design or
want of attention on the part of the Legislature of
Utah, as stated by the memorialists, is certainly -un-
true. and we most confidently and respectfully sub-
mit the statutes tu investigation. The memorialists
first complain of long-continued and hitherto un-
checked abuse of legislative power. Allow us to
inquire with what justice this complaint can be
made? The Governor of this Territory, appointed
by the President of the United States, possesses ex-
traordinary powers, which have been unknown
to any other portion of the United States, except
New Mexico, since the time of George III. He has
the absolute veto power. His powers in legislation
are coextensive and coequal with those of the
Legislature itself, save that he cannot originate
an act. Every law that is passed .for the. people is
enacted by and in'the name of the Governor, and
must receive his sanction and signature -before
it is voted for any purpose or enrolled among
the statutes. (See section two, organic act of the
Territory.) All th,e laws passed by the Legisla-
ture must receive the approval of Congress. Con-
gress can at any time annul and disapprove any
law or municipal charter. To a, common mind, un-
acquainted with the legerdemain of memorials, this
would seem a sufficient-check on,the Legislature.
The inemorialistsset forth, first, from the beginning
the Legislature of Utah has been immoral and sub-
versive of the Federal authority-Within-that Ter-
ritory; second, thatt the territorial Legislature has
resorted to every device short of open rebellion to
deprive the Governor and judges appointed by and
representing the General Government of all power
within the Territory to sustain those propositions;
and as proof df these wholesale assertions, they refer
to the statutes of 1855, page 29, laws of Utah. This
statute, it is claimed, attempts to deprive the Fed-
eral courts of their authority, and the memorialists
add it is too plain for argument. On examination
of the statutes referred to, we find (laws of 1855, page
29, section one) that the district courts shall exercise
original jurisdiction both in civil and criminal ca^es
when not otherwise provided for by law; they shall
also have a general supervision over all inferior
courts to preventand correct abuses. Section twen-
ty-nine, probate courts have power to exerciso ori-
ginal jurisdiction both civil and criminal, and as well
at chancery as at common law, when not prohibited
by legislative enactments, and they shall be gov-
erned in all respects by the same rules and regula-
tions as regards practice as the district courts. Sec-
tion thirty of thesameact provides for appeals from
, all decrees or decisions of the probate court to the
: district court
I The memorialists claim that these sections seek
to deprive the district courts of somo of the powers
. delegated to them by the organic act and to confer
i the jurisdiction on the probate court.
A more fdir and correct construction of even these
sections would show that it was only the intent of
the Legislature t& confer on the probate courts con-
current jurisdiction with the district courts in civil
and criminal matters of (.he Territory; but if there
is any doubt in regard to the construction of these
sections this dotibt is? set at rfist and made too plain
for argument by the first section of chapter four,
page 34, which provides all courts of the Territory
shall have oommon-law and equity jurisdiction.
That the Legislature! did not intend to take away
any of the powers of the district court is further
proved and illustrated by the fact that they pro-
vided for an appeal on all cases to the district court.
See sections one and thirty of the laws of 18o5, pages
29 and 30. Under these sections the power ot the dis-
trict court over inferior courts is almost absolute.
It is plain from the examination of these sections
that the Legislature did not intend to deprive the
district court of any of its jurisdiction, but that it
did by direct legislation confer upon it jurisdic-
tion in criminal cases in territorial matters which,
in the opinion of many eminent lawyers, it did not
possess by virtue of the provisions of the organic
act. When we add that no attorney or court has
ever sought in any way to question the jurisdiction
of the district court, the enormity of the misrepre-
sentations on the part of the memorialists in charg-
ing the Legislature with reasonable intentions can
be fully appreciated. Touching the oomplaintof the
memorialists that the Legislature has conferred com-
mon-law, chancery, aad criminal jurisdiction upon
the probate coi|rt.,we wisfr to submit the following
propositions: ' ^' 7 , , *
" First, had the Legislature under the organic act
aright to confer this jurisdiction upon a probate
court; second,,.if they had the right to confer the
jurisdiction} was it wise and proper legislation. In
support of the affirmative of the first proposition
we would submit that the source of legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial authority in the Territories is
in Congress, $ind Congress„to enable the people of
this Territory to have fult protection of life and
property, has given them a constitution, Or charter,
through the organic act.by which the people are em-
powered to legislate upon all rightful subjects con-
sistent with the Constttutidn of th4! United States
and said organic act. W e think that the right of the
Legislature to determinejurisdiction of .the probate
courts is clearly given by the organic act; but as the
question has been much discussed, we will admit
the argument that the organic act is not clear on this
subject. Under these circumstances it is a rule of
construction known to every lawyer that the inten-
tion of the Legislature passing the law is to be as-
certained and must'gOYern in construing the law to
determine the intention of Congress*
It is pertinent to inquire for What purpose does
the Constitution of the United States confer on Con-
gress the right to proyide government for the
Territories. Was it ueeause the Government was to
derive any profit therefrom? CleaiOy not, as the
government of the Territories is an expense and
not a source of revenue to the General Govern-
ment. It could not be for the sake of governing,
or, in other words, for the glory thereof. It was
not because the Government wished to deprive the
citizens, but to aid and assist them in establishing a
government of their own. The district judges \v«re
not sent to Utah for the purpose of depriving its
citizens of any right or privilege,, but for the pur-
pose of aiding in securing those rights and pritileges
and administering the laws both of Congress and of
the territorial Legislature till the Territory should
be able to establish courts df its own. In the lan-
guage of Chief Justice'Chase, (Clinton vs. Erigle-
brecht,) the theory upon which the various govern-
ments for portions of territory of the United States
have been organized has fever been that of giving
to the inhabitants all the powers of ^elf-govern-
ment, consistent with supremacy and supervision of
national authority and witfh certain fundamental
principles established by Congress, the Legislature
has given the supremacy to the district and supreme
courts, presided over by judges appointed by Fed-
eral authority, and has also made it their duty to
report to the Legislature all omissions, discrep-
ancies, or other evident imperfections which fall
under their observation from time to time. (Section
lour, judiciary act of 1855, page 29.) The several
Territories have taken upon themselves the expense
of courts in territorial business, according to their
respective abilities, by proper legislation, all of them
establishing local tribunals, or nearly all of them
havo conferred jurisdiction upon the probate courts.
The statutes of Colorado provide (see page 526,
section twenty-seven) that the probate court of the
said several counties shall have concurrent jurisdic-
tion with the district dourt in all civil cases at law
and equity where the debt or sum demanded shall
not exceed $2,000.
The organic act of Colorado Territory is similar to
our own in the matter of the authority conferred
on the territorial Legislature. Like statutes under
similar organic acts have been passed by all the
Territories sinco the formation of the Government,
and although Congress has possessed the absolute
authority to annul all territorial laws, it has never
manifested any disposition to interfere with laws of
this Territory. They have rarely been questioned
by bench or bar.
Is it not, under these circumstances, fair to sup-
pose that it was the intention of .Congress to give to
the Legislatures the right to legislate on thesubject,
and that it has approved of such legislation ? Such,
indeed, is the language of Chief Justice Chase in tho
opinion above referred to. ft will not be disputed
thatjf the Legislature of the Territory could extend
the jurisdiction of the probate court to the amount
