1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
of two thousand, that it may extend to ten thousand,
one hundred thousand dollars, or give it unlimited
jurisdiction. Principles are not affected by amounts,
and the right of the Legislature having been estab-
lished, it may confer such jurisdiction as in itsjadg-
ment seems necessary for the best interests- of the
people. Congress in defining the powers of the
justices courts (section nine of the organic act) has
limited their jurisdiction to cases where the sum
demanded does not.exceed $100, and prohibited
them from jurisdiction where the title for bound-
ary of land is ip dispute. In the same connection,
and in the same section, it provides that the jur-
isdiction of the probate court shall be as limited
by law. This section shows that the mind of Con-
gress was especially directed to the jurisdiction of the
different courts, and the fact'that it limited the
Legislature in their power to confer jurisdiction on
the justices courts and did not limit the power
of conferring jurisdiction on the probate courts
proves conclusively tbkt they did not intend so to
limit it. The act says the jurisdiction of the
probate court shall be as limited by law. What
law ? As limited by law of Congress ? No ; there is
no law of Congress on the subject. By the law of
Vermont or Massachusetts? No. But it is undoubt-
edly intended that the law, the jurisdiction of the
court, should be passed by the territorial Legisla-
ture.
It is contended that the same probate court,
of itself, limits and defines its course, duties, and
jurisdiction. If the term probate courtis so well
understood, why is it necessary for this Territory, or
any other State or Territory, to pass laws regulating
and defining the powers of such court? All that it
would be necessary for the Legislature to do would
be simply to provide for the election of a probate
judge, and the court springs into existence armed at
all points exactly, cap-a-pie, with its term regularly
appointed and fully prepared to administer on the
estates of the deceased. The term' probate court
never had any such narrow significance under any
code of laws in the United. States. No such court as
the probate court is known to the common law. It
has always been a creature of statute', with such
authority as th? Legislature ofjtsrespectivelocality
hasseenfit to confer upon it. Probate court in Illi-
nois means acourtthat has jurisdiction in all crim-
inal matters below the grade of felony, and in
civil matters to the extent of $500, and the parti-
tion and sale of real estate. Probate court in Col-
arado Territory means a court that has jurisdiction
in criminal matters, and common law and equity
jurisdiction where the amount does not exceed
$2,000. Probate court in Nevada means a district
court that has unlimited jurisdiction in all things.
Probate court in Wyoming Territory means a
court of limited juristiction in criminal and civil
matters; and so we shall find the term has a dif-
Jerent significance in every State and Territory.
" What's in a name?" Had Congress established a
court here, and called it the Salt Lake court, it
might with equal propriety be urged that on account
of its naine it had no other than maritime jurisdic-
tion over the waters of Salt lake.
Having shown that Congress has given to the
Legislature the right in relation to the jurisdiction
of the probate court, we now addfe'ss ourselves to
the second proposition: was it wise and proper for
the Legislature to confer common law equity juris-
diction on the probate court?
The Territory of Utah extends three hundred and
sixty miles north and south, and two hundred and
sixty-four miles east and west, and now contains
a population equal to that of any otner two Terri-
tories of the United States. Its inhabitants are
settled mostly in towns and villages. For this
Territory and population Congress has provided
three courts: first district court, held atProvo;
second district court, held at Beaver; third dis-
trict court, held at Salt Lake City. Of these
courts the first two mentioned hold one term ayear,
and the last mentioned two terms a year. The time
during which the first and second district courts
have been in session up to within the last two years
will not average two 4&ys breach year; andthere
has been a year or mote at times when no district
court has been held outside of Salt Lake. The dis-
trictcourt of Salt Lake is in session but a small por-
tion of the time. Of the judges appointed to the
first and second districts, some have never seen the
place appointed for holding their courts, and none
of them have fesided in their districts until very
recently, unless an occasional visit can be called a
residence. Consequently, any application for judi-
cial interference, either in criminal, common law,
or chancery jurisdiction, has been'wholly lmprac-
But supposing these courts had been in regular
Mission. St. George, a city of two thousand in-
habitants, possessing large agricultural and manu-
facturing interests, is situated in the southern por-
tion of the Territory, in the second judicial district,
and one hundred and twenty miles from Beaver,
where the court is held. The facilities for traveling
would require a citizen of St. George to arrive at
Beaver in about three days. Would it not. Under
these circumstances, be highly inconvenient lor aim
to transact any business in the district court. A
citizen of Boston can travel to Chicago quicker ana
cheaper and more comfortably than a citizen oi St.
George can travel from his home to Beaver; yet we
apprehend that the citizen of Boston would consider
it something.of a hardship should he be obliged to
transact all his business at Chicago; and he would
not be considered unreasonable should he asK lor
some local tribunal. Other towns in the Territory
are similarly situated to that of St. George, and
without local courts of some kind they are wholly
without protection by judicial authority in property
or person.
Under these circumstances, can it be said that the
Legislature-of Utah afcted unwisely in conferring
jurisdiction ef-the probate courts? Would they have
fallen fat shortof tbfeir duty had they neglected to
throw around their infant Settlements, so widely
separated,-such protection as the probate courts have
afforded ? Itis said by your memorialists the statute
was purposely neglected for twenty-one years, to
pass a wholesome general system of laws necessary
to the welfare of a civilized community. It is a well-
known fact that prior to the construction of
railroads in this Territory the people of Utah
were almost exclusively engaged in agricultural
and pastoral pursuits. With simple habits and but
small property, a people thus situated needed but
few and simple laws, which the Legislature from
time to time, as their wants and necessities de-
manded, enacted; and when the political economy
of the country became so ehanged by the growing
mining, commercial, railroad, and other interests
incident thereto as to require additional legislation,
the people were not slow to demand it, and the
Legislature has responded most willingly and
promptly, by prtfper and wise legislation, as an ex-
amination of the valuable- and well-arranged code
of laws passed February 17, 1870, will fully attest;
and although the capital of this Territory is far re-
moved from great commercial centers, and the Legis-
lature unaided by any great legal minds, a few of
the memorialists alone accepted, and without access
to legal libraries, still we venture the assertion that
this code will favorably compare with any code of
laws passed by any Legislature, whether State or
territorial.
It is also said by the memorialists that the
powers granted to the municipal corporations are
monstrous for oppression and tyranny, and the
ordinances or laws adopted by such corporations are
oppressive, vexatious, dnd arbitrary. The municipal
regulations in the main were copied-from those of
the cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
Chicago, and are in every respect quite as whole-
some and liberal. Doubtless these regulations have
seemed vexatious and oppressive to some classes;
" No man e'er felt the 'halter draw,
With good opinion of the law."
But how, in what manner these wholesome re-
gulations can vex or oppress the gentlemen who
signed the memorial they do not explain, and we
will not be unkind enough to suggest.
It is also said* that these municipal corporations or
governments, so established by the Legislature, are
unauthorized by law. With what propriety can
this be said when Congress has fully ratified the
same, not only by failure to disapprove, but by
a direct recognition, by subsequent legislation,
(see act of Congress of 1867, volume fourteen United
States Statutes, page 541,) which, among other
things, declares that all these corporations, through
their, respective corporate authorities, may take the
title "to the lands and lots, and hold the same in trust
for the people of said cities, to be conveyed under
such regulations as the territorial Legislature might
provide ? • Again, by act of July 1,1870, (volumo six-
teen, United States Statutes, page 183,) Congress rec-
ognizes the validity of the Salt Lake City charter,
and confers upon the municipal authorities thereof
additional power. That such legislation is legiti-
mate and proper in all well regulated communi-
ties, let the statutes of all the States of Ameri-
can Union attest and the many well-governed cities
throughout the land bear witness. True it is that
many of these municipalities have been peopled
throughout this Territory, and the propriety
and necessitv for thus massing the people is terribly
explained. The early settlers labored under many
hardships and disadvantages which are not now ex-
perienced. They found here wild and roving bands
of Indians, whose principal pursuit was theft, rob-
bery, and murder, and who, when opportunity per-
mitted, indulged in taking the scalps of the defense-
less settlers. These facts more than any others
forced the people to settle in close proximity to each
other, that they might more readily and effectually
fortify themselves against the attacks of the savages.
For these widely separated settlements some local
government was necessary. The ordinary municipal
rorm was therefore adopted.
The memorialists further complain that the Legis-
lature has cantoned out to some of its favorite
citizens timber, water, &c. This has never been
done to the extent claimed, nor has the Legislature
ever attempted a disposition of the soil, or in any
other way interfered with the rights of the General
Government, or individuals. Until about the year
1868 the-people were all squatters, as the land was
not, prior to that time, subject to entry and sale.
The wood and timber of the Territory was all
found in canons unaccessible to the settler with-
out a largo expenditure of money and toil, and
for this reason the Legislature, in some cases,
thought it advisable to induce men of means to
construct roads and build bridges in the canons, that
the people might thereby have access to wood and
timber; hence these grants as a remuneration for
the expenditure. The grantees were permitted to
collect toll of the persons using these roads and
going into these canons for wood and timber.
Experience has shown the wisdom of these grants,
as both individuals and the General Government
have been thereby benefited, as this Territory could
never have been settled to any extent without the
use of such materials as were thus brought within
the reach of the people seeking an existence on the
public domains. The increased facilities for travel
and the improved roads have induced the repeal of
most of these grants. It is alsd said fch'at the legis-
lation has neglected to provide for common schools.
This statement is without truth, as will fully appear
by the examination of the very wise and liberal
school law of the Territory, approved February 21,
1868, and found on page 25 of the laws of that year
whieh law provides for a general superintendent
and trustees' for school purposes in their respeet
ive districts, and whose duty it is to report annually
to the Legislature of their doings in the prem-
ises. It is also said that the property of deceased
persons is "by law confiscated and placed in the
perpetual emigration fund. This statement also is
wholly unfounded, as the law referred to provides
that where a person dies or absconds, leaving prop-
erty, and no legal claimant is known, the judge of
probate shall take charge of the same and have it
appraised, making two lists of the property so ap-
praised, one of which lists the said judge shall place
on file in his office, and the other he shall deliver
with the property or the avails thereof to the treas-
urer of the emigration fund, there to remain until
called for by the person entitled to the same, when •
the said judge shall deliver an order on said treas-
urer, and he shall dfeliver said property or money to
such person on proper proof that he is entitled to
receiveit. And the law further provides that any
person failing to comply with any of the provisions
of this law shall -besubject to damages and be fined
andimprisdned by any court having competent, juris-
diction of the subject. In 1854, the time of the pas-
sage of this Jaw, the emigration fund was the most
solvent if not the only solvent moneyed institution of
the Territory, and'the Legislature probably consid-
ered this the best 'depository for such property or
money. With some propriety it might now cause
such depositsto be made in any national bank. We
can see no hardship that can result through the pro-
visions of this law; but time has shown its wisdom
and beneficence,'as the books of that institution show
that such money and property thus deposited has
been fairly and honestly accounted for and paid
over with interest when demanded by the person or
persons entitled to the same.
It is also urged that this property is taken in dis-
regard of creditors and heirs. We would suggest
that the words "legal claimant" must include both
creditors and heirs, and this construction of the term
has been uniformly'followed in practice. It is said
that the law of December 30,1852, found on page 34
of the statutes of Utah, gives to all courts of-the
Territory equal jurisdiction in both law and eqity,
and that justices are thereby given unlimited juris-
diction in equity This statement is wholly without
foundation. By reference to the law referred to it can
in no ease apply to a justice of the peace, but only
to a court of record, the Legislature having decided
the jurisdiction of a justice's court. (See page 105,
Laws of Utah, 1870, justice's act.)
The memorialists say further, that the power given
to a justice of the peace is monstrous, in that it per-
mits him to decide matters without process, and to act
as arbitrator in certain cases, and refer to sections
four and thirteen of the law, found on page 33. As a
complete answer to this. It may be said thatthese
sections give'to tire justice such power only on the
agreement of the parties in interest, which makes
this exercise of power on the part of the justice
a very harmless matter; but a convincing answer
to this charge is found in the fact that these sections
are repealed by the law of 1870, found on page 124
of the statutes of Utah.
It is also charged by the memorialists that the
jury law of the Territory is complicated and bur-
densome, and cumbered with so much machinery
that to obtain a jury panel in any case not justly
subject to challenge would be very difficult, and
thus the right of trial by jury is in effect denied,
and that criminals go'unpunished and the rights of
the people are unprotected. In answer we would
say that the only law in force on that subject in this
Territory is found on page 126, and is as follows:
"An act to amend an act entited 'An act defin-
ing who are exempt from serving on juries, and
prescribing the mode of procuring grand and p.etit
jurors and juries for district courts, and for other
purposes, approved January 21, 1859/ approved
February 18,1870.
"Be it enacted by the Governor and Legislative
Assembly of the TerHtorg of Utah, That sections five,
six, and ten bf the act defining who are exempt from
serving on j uries, and prescribing the mode of procur-
ing grand and petit jurors and juries for district
courts, and for other purposes, approved January
21, 1859, be, and is hereby, repealed, and in lieu
thereof the following be enacted: when a district
court is to be held for a district, and a judge thereof
isreliably advised that the ends of justice will be
materially promoted by so doing, he may apportion
the jurors, both grand and petit, between two or
more counties of his district.
"Sec. 2. When a district court is to be held,
whether for a district or for a county, the clerk of
said court shall at least thirty days previous to the
time of holding said court issue a writ to the terri-
torial marshal if said court is to be holden for a dis-
trict, or the sheriff of the county in which said court
is to be held if said court is to be held for a county,
specifying the time and place of holding said court,
requiring him to summon eighteen eligible men to
serve as grand jurors, and eighteen eligible men to
serve as petitjurors.
"Sec. 3. Upon the reception of said writ the
territorial marshal or sheriff, as the case may
be, shall proceed to the office of the clerk of the
county court of the county, from which jurors are
to be summoned, and the said clerk shall in the
presence of the officer thoroughly shake the tick-
