1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 127
4 2d Gong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
Dr. Durant testifies as follows :
I finally arranged it with Mr. Brooks to give
him on© hundred shares of Credit Mobilier stock at
par, and with the one hundred shares to give $20,000
Union Pacific railroad stock and $5,000 Union Pacific
railroad bonds. I preferred to do that rather than
to give him what he claimed, two hundred shares of
stock. About that time he had been appointed
Government director, and very properly suggested
that he could not and would not hold the stock,
being a Government director; in fact, I think an
act of Congress prohibited the Government direct-
ors from holding any of the stock of the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and it was transferred
to Mr. Neilson, by his instructions, without over
being in his own name.
Question. Have you had any negotiation with
Mr. Neilson on this subject?
"Answer. Oh, no.
"Question. The whole transaction was with Mr.
Brooks 1
"Answer. The whole transaction was with Mr.
Bkooks. At that time I had no idea that we should
ever bo before Congress for anything; and the trans-
fer of this stock had nothing whatever to do with any
past or future services in Congress.
"Question. From whom did you receive payment
for the one hundred shares ?
"Answer. Mr. Brooks made the payment to Mr.
Crane, I think. Mr. Brooks made no concealment
of the matter at all. He mentioned Mr. Neilson,
and stated that he did not wish to have ittransferred
to his own name.
" Question. Did you understand that this was really
to be transferred to Neilson as Neilson's stock, or
that it was to be transferred to the name of Neilson
for the benefit of Mr. Brooks?
"Answer. I knew nothing of it, except that it was
transferred to Mr. Neilson.
"Question. From the negotiation you had with Mr.
Brooks did you understand that the stock really
became the stock of Mr. Brooks when you made
this transfer ?
"Answer. I do not know whether he had sold it, or
what he had done with it.
"Question. You had nothing to do with Neilson?
"Answer. Oh, nothing at all. I did not see Neil-
son."
Mr. Crane testifies as follows:
"Question. Do you know anything in relation to
Mr. Neilson becoming the owner of one hundred
shares of that stock in December, 1867 ?
"Answer.- Yes, sir.
" Question. State what you know about it.
"Answer. The 24th of December, 1867, James
Brooks paid a check of $7,000 a,nd .a draft, due tho
22d of January, 1868. for $3,000, and my impression is
that I delivered to Mr. Brooks, or somebody lor
him, $6,000 first mortgage bonds of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and transferred to Mr. Neilsofi
two hundred shares of the Union Pacific railroad
stock and one hundred shares of Credit Mobilier
stock.
"Question. Now state to the committee all you
know in reference to the negotiation for that stock.
How did it come to you ?
"Answer. That is all I know about it. I received,
as I stated, flO.OOO, and at the request of Mr.
Brooks transferred to Mr. Neilson one hundred
shares Credit Mobilier stock and two hundred shares
Union Pacific railroad stock, and on the same day,
December 24, gave to Mr. Brooks five bonds of the
Union Pacific railroad stock.—Page 185."
The agreement for the fifty additional shares
was made wi,th Mr. Brooks in writing, and in
his own name, and signed by the principal
stockholders of the Credit Mobilier of America.
(See page 345 of evidence.)
In view of all these facts and circumstances
I am disposed to credit the following state-
ment of Mr. McComb, notwithstanding it is
denied both by Mr. Brooks and Mr. Alley.
Mr. McComb swears, as follows, (page 11:)
"Answer. All I know in regard to Mr. Brooks's
receiving any of this stock is this: I saw Mr. Brooks
aud Mr. Alley together several limes, and heard
Mr. Brooks pressing Mr. Alley to let him have fifty
sharesof the Credit Mobilierstock, and I heard him
say to Mr. Alley that if ho would accord him that
privilege and give him the stock he would take care
of the Democratic side of the House. Mr. Brooks
was at that time either a Government director or
said he would have himself made a Government
director of the Union Pacific railroad. I overheard
such conversation between Mr. Brooks and Mr.
Alley on several occasions. Mr. Alley finally con-
sented to give him fifty shares of that stock, and it
was transferred to Mr, Brooks or to his son-in-law,
Neilson. I do notknovv precisely when the transfer
was made. Mr. Alley gave his pledge that Mr.
Brooks should have tho fifty shares."
But, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a few
words before taking my seat upon the question
of jurisdiction. I will not discuss the general
question of jurisdiction. I confess that it is a
question fraught with much difficulty. There
seem to be almost insurmountable difficulties
on either side. I commenced the investiga-
tion, feeling for myself that we would find
that we could not go back and investigate the
acts of members in any previous Congress.
The more I investigated the subject the more
I was compelled to doubt as to the correctness
of that position, and I am forced now to say
that it is not safe for this House to establish
the precedent that we cannot in any case in-
vestigate the acts of a member done before his
election. I can imagine many cases which
might occur in which it would be absolutely
essential that the House should assert the
authority to inquire into the acts of a member
before his election.
But, sir, I wish to advert to another ground
upon which the jurisdiction in this case I think
can be maintained. That is, the ground that
these offenses were continuing in their char-
acter. I know that this position has been char-
acterized pretty sharply in a document, which
was read yesterday from the Clerk's desk,
really as an argument in this case, but osten-
sibly as a report from the Judiciary Commit-
tee of this House. But, sir, I think any gen-
tleman who will examine it carefully will con-
clude that it is a sound doctrine notwithstand-
ing. I quote from the document referred to,
as follows:
"Your committee do not feel themselves called upon
to discuss in this connection the legal consequences
following from the doctrine of continuation of the
offense in a man once receiving a bribe, because if
it may bo laid with a continuando at all the offense,
it must continue to affect him ever after, and there-
fore, having once taken a bribe, he is always deemed
to be under tho effect of it, for the reason that we
are inclined to believe that at some time the effect
of tho bribe might have spent its force, and it would
hardly be a safe rule of legal action to undortake to
determine whethor that would not happen in fivo
years and might happen in ten. Certainly such
considerations would not apply to one who had
given a bribe, because the virtue thereof all went
out of-him when he parted with his money, and
there was nothing left continuing in him save the
loss of it."
1 am not aware that anybody has claimed
that a man having once taken a bribe is
"always deemed to be under the effect of it."
Nor am I disposed to dispute with the learned
author of that report as to whether he is cor-
rect in saying that in the case of a man who
has given a bribe "the virtue thereof," that
is, the virtue of the bribe, "all went out of
him when he parted with his money."
This report totally misrepresents the posi-
tion taken by the special committee of which
I have the honor to be a member. Not, I
think, because that position was not under-
stood, but because it could not be readily
answered.
What I assert and what the committee assert
is this: that if a great corporation in this coun-
try is subject to the control of Congress, if it
has great interests, subjected to the decision
and legislation of Congress at its annual ses-
sions, interests that continue from Congress to
Congress; and if that great corporation pays a
consideration to any member of this House
with any view to induce him to stand by its
interests, that is an offense which does con-
tinue so long as that member is here in the
House and so long as that corporation is here
asking legislation at our hands.
Establish the other doctrine, sir, and what
is the consequence? These great corporations
throughout the country which have great inter-
ests to be affected by congressional legislation
have nothing to do but to influence members
of Congress by paying them a consideration
before their election and insisting upon their
carrying out their pledge afterward. If the
doctrine of that report of the Judiciary Com-
mittee upon this point shall become the law
of this House, everybody can see how easy it
would be to carry out a grand scheme of cor-
ruption. According to this doctrine we can
be compelled to allow a member to sit here
and vote under the influence of a bribe,simply
because the bribe had been paid to him, or be-
cause the contract had been made with him,
before his election to this House. If this new
doctrine be sustained by the House, we may
well say that bribery has been made easy, and
the way opened for corrupt men to come here
and vote in the interest of corruption and
monopoly for a consideration, and defy us to
remove them. To this doctrine I trust the
House will never assent.
Sir, I assert the true doctrine to be this: that
if any man or any corporation pays a consider-
ation to any member of Congress to stand by
a particular measure or a particular interest
without any measure being specified, that cor-
rupt arrangement continues to be an offense as
long as anything remains to be done in carry-
ing out the original corrupt undertaking. I
trust, sir, that no different doctrine will ever
be established here.
Now, sir, in this case, if the facts which the
committee have found are true, the purpose and
object of these corrupt transactions was to se-
cure influence not alone in the Fortieth Con-
gress, but in subsequent Congresses as well.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company and the
Credit Mobilier expected to require, perhaps,
not positive legislation, but they desired to
prevent unfriendly legislation in all these Con-
gresses. I have no doubt that they would
have been glad if they had the power to have
prevented this present investigation.
Without discussing the. general question of
jurisdiction, about which, I confess, I have
some difficulty, I am perfectly satisfied to rest
the jurisdiction of the House in this case upon
the ground which I have just stated.
In conclusion I will say that I am very sure
that the members of the committee have only
desired to discharge their duty foithfully ac-
cording to the oath which was upon them. If
the House can find that the two members
named in the resolutions shall go acquit, so
be it; but I feel for one that it will be an un-
fortunate thing for the country if the House
shall so decide. I believe that the honor of
the House, the vindication of its dignity and
its purity, as well as a just regard for the laws
of the land and for the rights aud interests
of tlie people, demand that we discharge this
high and important, though most unpleasant,
duty of pronouncing these two members guilty,
and as therefore unworthy to retain their seats.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. J. F. FARNSWORTH,
of illinois,
1st the House of Representatives,
February 25, 1873.
The House having under consideration the report
of the select committee appointed to investigate the
alleged Credit Mobilier bribery—
Mr. FARNSWORTH said:
Mr. Speaker : Since the committee have
made their report in this case there has scarcely
been time for any member of the House con-
sistently with the due performance of his other
duties to become master of the testimony in
all its bearings. I have contented myself with
making an examination of the report of the
committee, which I have I think done care-
fully, and of most of the important testimony
in the case. "While I shall antagonize the con-
clusions of the committee, and shall some-
what criticise those arguments, I intend to do
it in all fairness, giving to the committee what
I believe it deserves, credit for intentional fair-
ness, for great patience and industry in the
performance of the very delicate and disagree-
able duty devolved upon them.
Without further preliminary remarks I -will
state what I understand to be the charges in
