1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
what will be the effect] under the rules of the
House seconding the demand for the previous
question'!
The SPEAKER. It would bring the House
in the first place to a vote on the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,]
and if that should prevail, then upon the prop-
osition as amended ; if rejected, the question
would then be on the notion of the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] to send the bill
back to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the previous ques-
tion, if seconded, opesate only on the motion
of the gentleman from New York, or on that
of the gentleman from Michigan also ?
The SPEAKER. On both. The operation
of the previous question does not exhaustitself
on the amendment, but goes clear through the
whole proposition.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask the Chair
another question, whether the hour of four
o'clock having arrived, the previous question
is not considered as operating ou my motion ?
The SPEAKER. Th.e Chair qould not con-
strue the order of the House in that way—that
the House had ordered the previous question
so far as to second the demand for it. The
sense of the House must be taken upon that.
Mr. FINKELNBUfeG. If the previous
question is not seconded what will be the
effect ?
The SPEAKER". The Chair would then
submit the motion for the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
The tellers having taken their places, the
House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 42.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was first op
Mr. Woop's amendment, to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole instead of re-
committing it to the Committee on Commerce.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
91, noes 42.
So the amendment was agrfeed to.
The "SPEAKER. The amendment having
been agreed to, the question recurs on agree-
ing to the motion ,«s amended; that is, will
the House refer this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.?
Mr. CONGER. On that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95/ nays 61, not voting
85; as follows:.
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler. Archer,
Arthur. Barnum. Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James
B. Beek, B011, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Brigkt, Caldwell, Csurroll,
Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,
De Large, Dox.DueTl, Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Farns-
worth, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Gar-
field. Get I, Haldemas, Halsey. Hancock, Hand ley.
phis. Palmer, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Price, Prindle,
Read, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeley,
Sheldon, Shober, Sloss, Worthintgon C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder. Sprague, Swann, Sypher, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner, Van Trump,
Vivughan, Voorhees, Wallace, Walls, Warren,
Whiteley, Williams of New York, and Winches-
ter—85.
So the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Wholoon the state of the Union.
.Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was so referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
JJOrl, UaiiBlUgt JJCavu, nxaunvii, jaoiouau,
land, MeCormiek, Mclntyre, McKee. Mernam, Mer-
rick,Benjamin F. Meyers,Mitchell,Morgan,Niblack,
Hosea W. Parker. Perry, Potter, Rainey, Randall,
Edward Y.Rice,Ellis H.Roberts,William R.Roberts,
Sargent, Sessions, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, H.
Boardman Smith, Speer, Stevens, Storm, St. John,
Sutherland, Taffe. Terry, Waddell, Wakeman,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitthorne. Willard, Wood, and
Young—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Barber, Buckley, Boffinton, Bun-
nell, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Ooburn, Conger, Cotton, Dawes,
Donnan.Dunnel), Karnes, Eaty, Finkelnburg, Wilder
D. Foster, Hale, Harmer, George E. Harris, John B.
Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Houghton, Lowe,
Lynch, Maynard, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendle-
ton, Perce, Porter, Rusk, Sawyer, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Washington Town-
send, Turner, Twichell. Upson, Walden, Waldron.
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—61.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barry, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Boles, Brooks, Camp-
bell, Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Conner .Creely, Crocker,
Darrall, Dickey, Dodds, DuBose, Elliott, Farwell,
Forker, Garrett,- Gidaings, Golladay, Goodrich,
Griffith, Hambleton, Havens, Hays, Herndon,
Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Killinger, Kin-
Bella, Lewis, McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, Mc-
Junkin, McKinney, McNeely, Moore, Morey, Mor-
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON : The memorial of
Jabes Delano and others, of Fairhaven, Mas-
sachusetts, who served for a time in the war
of 1812, praying that the act of Congress of
February 14, 1871, may be so modified as to-
allow those who served their country for less
than sixty days to receive pensions ;
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of Jesse Gano and 280 others, asking an
appropriation for the improvement of Grand
river.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of
C. W. Murphy and 36 others, citizens of
Greene county, Pennsylvania, praying the
extension of route No. 3016 to Board Tree,
West Virginia.
By Mr. MORGAN : The petition of G. H.
Miller, L. D. Stoner, and 82 others, horticul-
turists, praying Cohgress to pass a law allow-
ing packages of four pbunds weight to be sent
through .the mail at.the rate of two cents post-
age on every four ounces or less of matter.
By Mr. RANDALL : The petition of Cath-
erine Gallagher, widow of Hugh Gallagher,
late a ship armorer in the United States Navy,
asking a pension.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Otto
Troemil and 160 others, citizens of Mani-
toowoc, Wisconsin, in favor of the passage of a
law for the better protection of immigrants to
the United States.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The petition of George
Smith, for bounty.
By Mr. SPEER: A petition of soldiers for
equalization of bounties, the granting of pen-
sions to soldiers of 1812 and their widows,
and for the passage of a law giving each sol-
dier of the late war, his widow or children,
one hundred and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of Thomas
and William L. Winans, of Baltimore, Mary-
land, praying an extension of their letters-
patent for the cigar steamer.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 10, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev, J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 3364) regulating the
compensation of the members and officers of
the Legislative Assemblies of the several Ter-
ritories of the United States and limiting the
duration of the sessions of said Assemblies,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Territories.
SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS ACT.
The bill (H. R. No. 3365) to amend section
twelve of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the appointment of shipping commissioners,"
&c., approved June 7, 1872, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. \ am authorized by
the Committee on Commerce to ask that that
bill be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to amend section
twelve of the "act to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners," &c., ap-
proved June 7, 1872, by adding to the section
the following proviso:
Provided further. That this section shall not
apply to masters of vessels when engaged in trade
between the United States and the British North
American possessions or the WeBt India islands, or
the republio of Mexico.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Henry W. Palmer, praying for an increase of
pension for soldiers who lost the entire right
arm in the war of the rebellion; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have also a petition of
merchants, largely signed by the leading
prominent merchants of Bangor, Maine, ask-
ing for' the removal of the tax on State and
national banking institutions. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present also the memo-
rial of the Ghent Temperance Association of
the State of New York, signed by their presi-
dent and corresponding secretary, aBking for a
commission of inquiry concerning the results
of the liquor traffic; also of restrictive and
prohibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance. I do not know that any me-
morials of a like character have heretofore
been presented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some were pre-
sented yesterday, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move that this peti-
tion be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present a memorial of
the Massachusetts Temperance Alliance, signed
by A. A. Miner, president, and William M.
Thayer, secretary, and Edwin Thompson,
general agent, containing the same prayer as
the memorial just presented by the Senator
from Maine. I move its reference to the same
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
the Rhode Island Temperance Union, signed
by Charles E. Carpenter, president, and Rev.
H.W. Conant, secretary, asking for a com-
mission of inquiry concerning the results of
the traffic in intoxicating liquors, and of
restrictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of intemperance; which was
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of R.
M. Law, a commander in the United States
Navy, praying to be restored to the position in
the Navy held by him prior to 1866, next
below Captain W.W. Low ; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Rev. Father McColgan, of Baltimore, Mary-
land, executor of John McColgan, deceased,
Eraying to be repaid moneys expended by his
rother in aid of the captain and crew of the
American brig Phoenix in 1823; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. VICKERS. I also present the memo-
rial of the Friends' Library and Literary
Association, signed by E. Stabler, jr., presi-
dent, and George M. Lamb, Secretary, of the
Society of Friends of Baltimore, asking for a
commission of inquiry concerning the results
of the traffic in intoxicating liquors; of re-
strictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of intemperance ; and what addi-
tional legislation, if any, by Congress would
