1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
ets previously deposited in a box or safe place of
deposit and draw therefrom promiscuously tlie num-
ber of jurors required to be summoned from such
county for grand jurors and for petit jurors, keeping
separate lists, and those drawn, for grand jurors
shall be summoned for grand jurors, and tho^e drawn
for petit jurors shall be summoned for p^tit jurors,
which lists shall be signed, by th6 clerk and officer
having said writs, and filed in the office of said
clerk,
"Sec. 4. The court shall impanel out of the list
summoned as grand jurors fifteen eligible men, to
serve as a grand jury; provided, if from any cause
there shall not be in attendance upon the court of
those summoned for a grand jury enough to make the
number of fifteen, the court may order the#panel to
be made up of those summoned for petit jurors, or
from eligible talesmen, summoned fro>;m thp body of
the county or district, as the case may be, and not
from the bystanders.'' , .
This law is substantially a copy of the jury law of
many of the States, an^ has been found ample for
all purposes. The memorialists further complain
that the Legislature has elected a set of territorial
officers who acquire and hold tbpir offices m a man-
ner contrary to the provisions of the organic act.
The officers referred to aye the territorial marshal,
attorney, and others, who are alleged to have been
elected by the Legislature—evidently an offense of
great magnitude in the eyes of the memorialists.
Can the memorialists, who cl$im to be lawyers,
candidly aiyl seriously urge this objection in the
face of the very plain language of Judge Chase,
who in the case of Clinton vs. Enslebrecht, here-
tofore referred to, says it is insisted, however, that
the jury law of Utah is defective iu two material
particulars: first, that it'requires the jury list to
be selected by the county c,our,t, upon which .the
organic l^w did not permit a^thori^y for that- pur-
pose to be conferred,; second, that it requires the
jurors to'be summoned by the territorial .marshal
who was elected by the Legislature andnotappointe4
by the Governor. We do not perceive how these facts,
if truly alleged, would make the mode actually
adopted for summoning the jury in this case illegal,
but wiiliexamine the objections in the first place.
Wcobaeiye that the law ha? received the implied
sanction of Congress. It was adopted in 1859; it has
been upon the statute-books fo* more than twelve
years. It must have been transmitted to Congress
soon after it was enacted, for it was the duty of 3the
secretary ofthe Territory t6 transmit to that body
copies; of all the laws on or before the 1st of the
next December in each year. The simple disapproval
by Congress at any time would have annulled it.
It is no unreasonable inference, therefore, that it
was proved by that body. If then these officers have
been elected by the Legislature, as is claimed, such
election does not appear in the opinion of Judge
Chase to be illegal; but, having deceived the implied
sanction of Congress, may be inferred to be valid.
The memorialists assume that because the probate
courts are given jurisdiction in civil and criminal
matters the rights of the district courts are thereby
abridged, and as a necessary'sequence the different
courts are hostile to each other, and for that reason
the administration of law has fallen into utter dis-
order and confusion. It is true the probate courts
are by statute given this jurisdiction concurrent
with this district court, and, as wo have already
shown, such j urisdiction has bee,n supplied a wan t for
meeting which no other adequate provision has been
made. But how the fact that the exercise of this
jurisdiction by the probate courts can legitimately
create hostility between the different tribunals, we
iail to understand when we remember that theLegis-
laturein giving to the probate courts this powerhas
made them in every rcspectsubordinate to thcdistrict
courts, giving to the said district courts supervision
over all inferior tribunals, and also providing for
appeals in all cases from the prghate to the district
courts; andit is found by reference to section four
of the judiciary act, page 29, that the Legislature
reposed such lull and complete confidence in the
learning, ability, and honesty ,of the judges of the
district courts that it intrusted to them the import-
ant duty of reporting to the Legislature such omis-
sions, imperfections, and evident discrepancies as
should fall under tneir observation, which alone
would seem to acquit the Legislature ol any desire
to deprive these officers of any of the power and
authority delegated to them by the Federal Govern-
ment. . We have endeavored fairly and candidly to
meet the objections urged by the memorialists, and
in our judgment have fully exonerated the Legis-
lature of this Territory from any and ail charges
made against it. We think toat we have shown that
none of the evils complained of exist. In fact, it
would be strange if, upon a critical examination of
the statutes, no imperfection could be found, but we
believe thorn to be framed with ordinary legislative
intelligence.
That some confusion exists in the administration
"oi the laws of Utah is undoubtedly true, but that
this confusion is the result of any design on the
part of theLegislature to enact unjust and oppressive
laws, or to fail to enact satisfactory ones, cannot in
our opinion be truthfully asserted, We deem it
our duty to add, that the unsettled condition of
affairs in the administration of justice in Utah is
chiefly, if not altogether, due to the eonstruction
placed on the statutes by the district and supreme
courts of the Territory. They held the jury law to
be invalid, and in effect established a new- law by a
decision of the court placing the selection of jurors
entirely in the hands of the United States marshal.
This manner of selecting jurors was held to be erro-
neous by the the Supreme Court ofthe United States
in the case of Clinton us. Engelbrecht, and had the
effect to destroy the validity of all verdicts, rendered
by a jury in the district courts from the time when
the decision was made until it was revised by the
United States Supreme Court, extending. over a
period of about seventeen months. This erroneous
decision of the court has unquestionably produced
disorder and confusion.
They also decided that they were United btates su-
preme and district courts, and refused to allow the
territorial officers to perform their duties in con-
nection with said courts. This decision has also
been revised by the United States Supreme Court,
in the case referred to, but much irregularity in
legal proceedings was induced thereby.
They have also decided that the probate courts have
nojurisdiction exceptin probate matters. Thisleaves
the Territory without proper protection by judicial
authority,which iscertainly productive of great hard-
ship as well as disorder and confusion. A case in-
volving the question of the jurisdiction of the pro-
bate court was appea'ed to the Supreme Court of
the United States some two years ago and will soon
be reached for trial, when-it is to be hoped this mat-
ter will be fully settled. We are firmly of the opin-
ion that when these vexed questions are decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States the confu-
sion and disorder complained of by the memorialists
will no longer exist, and we respectfully protest
against any legislation on the part of Congress
which would abrogate the method of obtaining
jurors by lot from the body of the county, and
which would provide for their selection from a
particular class of persons, a,s being most dangerous
to the lives, liberties, and property of the citizens of
the Territory. We deem it not a,miss to contradict
the assertion, so widely published, and lately uttered
on the floor of Congress, that the courts established
here by legislative enactment are wielded in the
interests ot despotism; that voters are intimidated
andjoverawed; or that any class of citizens are by the
civil authorities excluded from any of the rights,
privileges, $nd enjoyments appertaining to citizen-
ship elsewnere. We assert that entire freedom of
religious and political opinion exists, and that the
most unlimited license of expression goes unchecked.
Whatever occurs may be chargeable upon the body
of the people. It is evideut to us that they counte-
nance no known encroachment upon the inherent
rights of their fellow-lnen.
In conclusion, we desire to reassert in strong terms
our unqualified belief that the Legislature of Utah
in its past history has endeavored to enact wise,
salutary and just laws, and that it has never sought
to contravene or set at naught the Federal author-
ity. If it has failed ,in its efforts to meet wisely all
the demands of legislation, that failure has resulted
from the interference of the law-makers rather than
from any desire to discriminate between different
classes in the community. That its statutes will
compare favorably with those of other Territories
will sufficiently appear to any one who will take the
trouble to institute the comparison. With increase
of population and the added needs of a changing
condition, we do not doubt that existing statutes
will be enforced and new laws enacted,in orderthat
the rights of all classes may be protected.
In view of the foregoing facts, we, the undersigned
petitioners, members of the legal profession, and
business men residing in the Territory of Utah,
wowLd respectfully and earnestly protest against the
reception by your honorable bodies of the memorial
to which we nave alluded. We thus protest because
we know how baseless are its charges, how unfair its
deductions, how malevolent the intentions of its
authors. We regret the attitude assumed by the
United States courts in Utah, because that attitude
effectually blocks the wheels of justice and gives
practical immunity to crime. We prefertodo busi-
ness, if we can do it fairly, but we willnotseal our own
success in the destruction of the rights of others.
Deeming the existing laws sufficient for the protec-
tion of society if properly enforced, we protest
against the interference with them which the me-
morialists demand. As citizens, we protest against
any legislation of a destructive tendency, in view of
the vase financial interests which would suffer from
such an act.
In the interests of good order and fair dealing,
and of that far-reaching commerce which would
have peace in all our broad domain, and which
would be the first to suffer were all power to punish
crime wrested from the people and given over to
aliens and strangers, as the memorialists evidently
desire, we ask that the prayer of said memorialists
be refused.
While thus protesting against any ill-advised
action on the part of your honorable bodies, we
would respectfully suggest that the appointment of a
commission empowered to visit Utah, and to fully
investigate all matters of complaint, would further
the ends of justice and meet the approval of every
worthy citizen.
And in as duty bound your petitioners will ever
pray.
F. M. Smith, attorney at law; E. D. Hoge, attor-
ney ; John II. McCutcheon, attorney; S. A. Mann,
attorney; Thomas P. Akers; Hadley N. Johnson,
attorney; H. G. Eldridge, banker; William Jen-
nings, banker; John T. Caine, editor; Aurelius
Miner, lawyer; S.B. dawson, merchant; Legrand
Young, attorney; James Linforth, merchant of
San irancisco; Frank Fuller, president insur-
ance company; E. AI. Barnum, attorney; C. L.
Dahler, late vice president National Bank; A. W.
White, banker; R. R.Hawkins, mining engineer;
JamesT.Little, banker; L.S. Hills, cashier Deseret
National Bank; Henry Sadler, merchant; Jacob
Lawrence, mining; Philip A. Eagle, secretary
Utah buver Mming Company, (limited,) and many
others, embracing all professions and interests, with-
out regard fco political or religious opinion.
Original, withsignatures, by mail.
Citizens join in forwarding this copy by telegraph,
fearing action by Congress on imperfect and biased
information. M. SMITH, '
Attorney-at-laio. and
Chairman of Committee of Citizens.
' FRAUDS ON THE REVENUE.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3977) to amend an act passed March 3, 1863,
entitled "An act to prevent and punish frauds
upon the revenue, to provide for the more
speedy and certain collection of claims in favor
pf the United States, and for other purposes
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS presented the follow-
ing memorial of the New York Women Suf-
frage Association ; which was ordered to be
printed in the Globe, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
To the members ofthe House of Representatives :
Gentlemen : The undersigned, officers and mem-
bers of the New York Woman Suffrage Society, do
respectfully protest against that clause of the sixth
section of the bill regarding Utah recently presented
to the House of Representatives, which clause pro-
poses tb restrict suffrage in that Territory to male
citizens. We firmly believe if the first portion of
that section is enforced, .and a free expression by the
ballot is secured to all citizens, that the vote of the
women will be found a powerful aid in doing away
with the horrible institution of polygamy. Women
are the principal sufferers from this cruel custom, and
it is unjust to depriye them of a voice in its suppres-
sion. We asb, therefore, that you will modify this
section of the bill so that it shall not disfranchise
that portion of the inhabitants which most needs the
protection of the ballot. [Signod by forty persons.]
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3978) to better regu-
late the United States district courts in and
for the State of Alabama; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
MRS. p. D. SPAIN.
Mr. BIGBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No..3979) for the relief of
Mrs. P. D. Spain, widow of William B. Spain,
deceased; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
CHEROKEE, CREEK, AND .OTHER NATIONS.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3980) for the ap-
pointment of a commissioner to take testimony
relative to alleged frauds in connection with
military pay and bounty due Choctaw, Creek,
and other nations of Indians; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
MARY A. MAYDOLE
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3981) granting a
pension to Mary A. Maydole, widow of John
Maydole, a soldier of the war of 1812 ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
JULIA P. LYNDE.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. .3982) for the re-
lief-of Julia P. Lynde, minorchildof U.'D.
Lynde, late surgeon United States volunteers ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committe.on Military Affairs.
THOMAS J. DEWS.
Mr. READ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. K. No. 3983) to increase the
pension of Thomas J. Dews, of LaRue
county, Kentucky; which was read a first and
