1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
iluce a bill (S. No. 1336^ to provide for the
appointment of a commission on the subject
of restrictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of intemperance : which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws, and ordered to be
pri 11 ted.
Mr. NYE ^by request^ asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bni i S. No. 1'iS"! to aid in the construction of
the Sutro tunnel from the proceeds of the
sale of mineral lands; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
kan's \s 8rnat0r!\l election
Mr. MORTON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanim>'u<
consent, and agreed to:
That the Committee on Privileges aud
El i tions ha* e leave to sit duriug the sessions of the
:i -te wh<!c making the examination touching the
eii-.-tt in of hi>u.'ruble alkxaxdeis caldwell as
Senator fr Kansas.
officer? and chew of tilk wyoming.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having been completed, the consider-
ation ot the Caleudar until one o'clock, under
the Ar.'liony rule so called, is next in order.
Yesterday, by unanimous consent, a bill which
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton]
reported was ordered to be placed at the head
of the Calendar to-day. It will be found on
page 8, order of business No. 557. It is sub-
ject, however, to objection.
By unauimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee, of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States ship
Wyoming.
Mr. STOCKTON. I move to amend the
bi,'i on pwge 2, line fourteen, after the word
'"distributed," by inserting the words ''as
sea i>sy." 1 am authorized by the Committee
on Naval Affairs to propose this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. On line sixteen, instead
of the word "June," I move to insert "July."
Th is is a mere change of date to correct an
error.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. On line seventeen, after
the word ''crew,-' I move to insert the words
'• detached from the United States ship James-
town and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. On line twenty-six, in-
stead of the word "June," I move to insert
*• July."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a brief bill, I
believe, and I ask that it be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should be pleased also
if the Senator from New Jersey would give
us a statement of the facts on which the bill
is b'-.sed. 1 have forgotten tliem somewhat,
although 1 have some impression about them.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair will
remiud Senators that they are limited to five
minutes in debating a bill on the Calendar
under the rule now applicable.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to inquire
of the Chair whether the reading of the report
will occupy a portion of my time under the
five-minutes rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I ask is a statement
of the general facts, to enable us to recall the
case to our recollections.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will state in the first
rlace that I have before me in my hand, which
will send to the Chair if gentlemen are will-
ing to let the time be occupied in reading it,
the report of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] from the Naval Committee,
recommending the passage of that bill. This
report was made July 9, 1870. I have aleo a
report made by the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. A xthoxy] from t!.« same committee,
42d Coxa. 3d Sess.—!No. UO.
February 22, 1871. The reports state all the
facts of the case of the Wyoming. I have
also before me a printed report made by
myself, by the direction of the Naval Commit-
tee, May 20, 1S72, which refers to the case of
the Wyoming as reported by the other gentle-
men whom I have mentioned, and attached to
it the case of the crew of the Ta Kiang, who
also took part, but who, not having presented
their claims at first, were omitted in the ear-
lier reports. I will send these reports to the
desk, and they can be read or not according to
the pleasure of the Senate ; but at the request
of the Senator from Ohio, I will make a brief
statement of the case.
In the year 1803, when nearly all our avail-
able naval forces were actively engaged in the
patriotic struggle for the maintenance and
preservation of the Union, an edict was issued
by the Mikado of Japan excluding foreigners
from the empire, excepting at certain ports.
In pursuance of this edict, one of the daimios,
the Prince of Nagato, erected shore batteries
on his side of the narrow and dangerous strait
of Simotioseki, and undertook to suppress all
commerce and capture or destroy all merchant
vessels attempting to pass through this strait;
through which, it must be remembered, nearly
all the commerce between China and Japan is
carried on.
Accordingly, in June, 1863, the Pembroke,
an American steamer, bound from Yokohama
to Shanghae, when passing through the strait of
Simonoseki, was attacked by armed Japanese
vessels bearing the ensign of the empire. At
the same time the shore batteries opened fire
on the Pembroke. The attack was made on
the Pembroke in the night time aud while '
she was lying at anchor, with her guns lashed.
Her topmast was cut away and she was other-
wise damaged, aud only escaped capture or
total destruction by weighing anchor and
steaming through ''Bungo channel, a narrow
| and unfrequented strait."
I Hon. Robert H. Pruyn, then United States
' minister resident in Japan, made known to
the State Department the piratical outrage
that had been committed upon the Pembroke
| by the Prince of Nagato, under the Japanese
,, ensign, and in the execution of the anti-na-
tional edict of the Mikado, and asked for in-
structions.
Mr. Seward, evidently after a full consulta-
tion with President Lincoln, in reply to the
official dispatch of the resident minister, gave
him large discretionary power, as the follow
ing extract will show :
" If in your judgment it should be necessary for
the Wyoming to use her guns for the safety of the
legation, or of Americana residing in Japan, then
her commander will employ all necessary force for
that purpose.
" The Secretary of the Navy will give all necessary
instructions to the commander of the Wyoming in
harmony with the views of the President expressed
in this dispatch." (See Executive Document, vol. 2,
1863-&4, No. 43. p. 1127.>
In pursuance of this authority and these in-
structions the minister resident issued the fol-
lowing orders:
legation op thk united states,
Y'okahama, JvXU 15, 1863.
* # ##
I indulge the hope that by the time this reaches
you their piratical vessels will have been destroyed
or captured. If so, you may have been attacked by
the batteries, and have doubtless demolished them.
Should their ships unfortunately have taken the
alarm and escaped, 1 would recommend that you do
not return without vindicating our flag and taking
full satisfaction for the outrages upon it.
And I beg you to cooperate with Admiral Juaris
in the destruction of the batteries and forts in the ter-
ritories of the prince, thus giving a lesson which will
not soon be forgotten, and which will put a stop to
acts of lawless violence which the hostile daimiso,
encouraged by the humane forbearance of the treaty
Powers, are so ready to commit.
I am, very respectfully, your most obedient hum-
ble servant, ROBERT II. PRUYN,
Minister Megident in Japan.
| Captain D. MoDougal,
i United State* Stenmer Wyoming, &c.
■ The considerations which prompted the res-
, ident minister in issuing this order are l'ully
stated to him by his official dispatch to Mr.
Seward, and which appears in full in Execu-
tive Document, 1863-64, No. 48, page 1129.
In obedience to the orders of the properly
constituted authorities of the United States
Government, the Wyomiug weighed anchor
at Kanagawa on the 13th of July, 1863, and
set out on her voyage to the strait of Simono-
seki. She was armed with four 32-pounders
and two pivot guns. She was destined to meet
a hostile force of six shore batteries, masked
on commanding heights, and working three
guns each ; a steamer of two, a bark of six,
and a brig of eight guns, making in all thirty-
four guns, mostly 30-pounders.
The battle was to be fought in a narrow
strait, full of dangers from projecting rocks
and rapid currents, with which the enemy was
entirely familiar, but of which the officers of
the Wyoming practically knew nothing, not
even having a chart of the strait or bay. The
barbarous custom of the enemy of putting to
death, by the most painful and ignominious
torture that cruelty could invent, was well un-
derstood by all. But in spite of these learful
odds and disadvantages, and with death aud
torture staring them in the face, this gallant
crew put outto sea with the unfaltering determ-
ination to avenge the outrage committed upon
their country's flag, or die in the attempt.
The Wyoming entered the bay of Simon-
oseki on the morning of the 16th of July.
When she approached the entrance to the bay
the fort next to her fired a signal gun, which
was answered by all the forts and by the ships
in the harbor. At this time the Wyoming had
no flag up, but upon the signals being fired
she hoisted her flag and proceeded into the
bay, keeping as close as she could to the uortn-
ern shore, contrary to the expectations of the
Japanese. The first fort immediately opened
a heavy fire upon her, and so did all the others,
as Bhe moved slowly on shelling the forts with
such an effect as to silence such of them as
received her fire. The men in the forts which
received shells from the Wyoming were ob-
served to rush off and to jump from the heights
in such a precipitate manner as to lead to the
belief that the shells must have told with
great effect and done more damage than the
Japanese anticipated.
The bark and the brig Lanrick, the two
vessels which fired on the Pembroke, were
still there, aud another vessel also, the steamer
Lancefield. Those vessels lay close under the
town, the bark being inside, the Lanrick next
to her, and the Lancefield outside with steam
up, and a great number of men on board ap-
parently making preparations to approach and
board the Wyoming. Captain McDougal or-
dered the Wyoming to be taken iu between the
Lancefield and the Lanrick, and prepared to
give each of them a broadside in passing.
The Lanrick fired first, but immediately after
the Wyoming delivered her broadside on the
two Japanese, and sent a ball through the
stern of the Lanrick in such a way as to leave
her apparently sinking. The Wyoming moved
on slowly, firing into the forts and the town as
she went, and makiug a curve to enable her
to return to fire on the ships again ; but as she
was turning the Lancefield moved on across the
track of the Wyoming further into the bay to
escape at the western outlet, and the Wyoming
while curving brought her great pivot gun to
bear on the Lancefield in her new position, and
sent a ball right through her boiler, causing
her to blow up, and scattering destruction
through every part of the vessel. Steam,
cinders, &c., were blown out in all directions,
and such of the crew as were not immediately
overwhelmed jumped overboard. The Wyom-
ing returned uuder a slack fire from the forts,
and having done all that she deemed necessary
for that time she returned to Kanagawa to
report what had taken place. She arrived here
about two a. m. on the 20th of July. The
engagement lasted an hour and ten minutes.
The Wyoming received eleven shots, and had
