466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January lOr
four men killed hi action and seven wounded,
one of whom did on the passage back.
The official report of Captain McDougal to
the Secretary of the Navy and of Minister Pruyn
to Mr. Seward fully confirm this account of the
affair. (Executive Document, 1863-64, first
session 1 hirty-Eighth Congress, No. 36.)
This engagement was promptly followed up
by an attack at tlie same point by the com-
bined forces of the American, English, French,
and Dutch fleets bombarding the forts, and
completely vanquishing the enemy. The result
was the reopening of the straits of Simon-
oseki to the commerce of our merchantmen,
and it secured the peaceful enjoyment of that
important outlet as a highway of trade and
commerce.
The next result was that the Tycoon, being
forced to acknowledge and recognize the active
hostilities of his subject prince as acts of
piracy, was constrained to enter into a conven-
tional treaty with the diplomatic authorities
of theUnited States of America, Great Britain,
France, and the Netherlands, which was con-
cluded on the 22d day of October, A. D. 1864,
and afterward accepted and ratified by all the
aforementioned Powers, the public proclama-
tion of all which was formally made by the
President of the United States on the 9th day
of April, A. D. 1866.
Article one of that treaty stipulates and pro-
vides that the Japanese Government shall pay
to the other four Powers the sum of $3,000,000
as indemnity for piratical depredations of
'' Movi Daizen, prince of Nagato and Smoo."
This sum was to be paid in quarterly install-
ments of $500,000 each. It was so paid,
received, and accepted, and divided by and
between the four Powers mentioned, the Uni-
ted States Government receiving the snm of
$586,125 87 in gold, which was afterward con-
verted into United States Government bonds,
that are still in the custody of the Secretary
of State, under the designation of the '' Japan-
ese indemnity fund."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair dis-
likes to interrupt the Senator, but his five min-
utes have expired. If, however, no objection
be made the Senator will proceed.
Mr. STOCKTON. I shall detain the Senate
but a few moments longer.
The law as it stands awards prize money in
piratical cases only when a capture is made
and the craft condemned, in which case one
half the proceeds is retained by the Govern-
ment, while the other half is distributed among
the captors. But in the ease of the Wyoming
there was no capture. The swift currents and
dangerous rocks, together with the position of
the enemy's vessels, protected as they were
by the shore batteries, made a capture impos
sible. All that could be done was to send
her shijJs to the bottom by shots fired from
beyond the range of the shore batteries. This
was done, and well and nobly done. The
enemy was vanquished, our flag was vindi
cated, our high position as a naval Power
established and respected, our citizens resid-
ing in Japan secured in their rights, our
commerce protected against all unlawful in-
terruption, and our Government made the re-
cipient of an indemnity fund vastly.greater in
amount than would have been received from
the proceeds of a capture if one had actually
been made. In view of the admitted facts in
tbi3 case is it not substantially true that the
Wyoming actually earned this fund? She
was certainly the meritorious instrumentality
through whose perils it had its origin. On the
1st of January, 1870, according to a report of
the Secretary of State, this fund, principal and
accumulated interest, then amounted to the
sum of $767,000 in United States currency.
It lies there yet, and in the name of justice,
equity, and right, I feel warranted in asking
that as much of it as would amount to the
prize money which would have been awarded
to the Wyoming in case the piratical crafts
had been captured, instead of destroyed as
they were, be appropriated and distributed
as prize money among her surviving officers
and crew, and the widows and orphans of her
noble dead. It will not take a dollar from
the Treasury proper. No part of this fund
was derived from tuxes or imposts. Every
dollar of it came from the exchequer of a
foreign empire, and is the direct result and
legitimate fruits of the almost unparalleled
daring, skill, valor, and patriotism of the
brave and gallant officers and crew in whose
behalf this claim is made.
This case was first presented to the Senate
in a bill which embraced the Kearsarge,founded
upon precisely the same principle. It was then
ascertained that the crew of our vessels who
went on board the Ta Kiang had also taken
part in the action. The bill was referred back
to the committee, and my report, which I ask
to have read, as it is very short, is in refer-
ence to the Ta Kiang only, relying as to the
Wyoming upon the facts related in the reports
of the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott]
and the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. As
thony.] What is the principle of it? By the
common maritime law of the world parties are
entitled to prize money who take prizes and
bring them into port. But it often happens
that it is necessary to sink vessels, that it is
better for the interests of the country repre-
sented that those vessels should be sunk ; and it
so happens that where ships are fighting in a
narrow strait batteries on shore, they have no
prize to bring in The Kearsarge sank the
Alabama. The Kearsarge claim was in this
bill originally, and the feeling which Senators
had in reference to that patriotic matter in-
duced their action to give the crew of the
Kearsarge, in lieu of prize money, a certain
sum ; and you did that, not for the first time
nor as an isolated case, but yon did it in ac-
cordance with the laws on your statute-books,
which, where property at sea is sunk under
such circumstances, allow pay in lieu of prize
money or a valuation of the property.
In the records of congressional legislation
there are precedents without number in which
Congress has rewarded those who in the dis-
charge of their duties in tke Army ^nd the
Navy have suffered great loss, endured pecu-
liar hardships, or performed some dangerous
and noble service resulting in great advantage
to the Government in averting impending
calamity, or adding to her wealth and power,
or shedding additional luster upon her arms,
and spcuring thereby a higher and more envi-
able position among the nations of the earth.
These precedents are the legitimate offspring
of that enlightened sense of justice that ignores
all mere technicalities and quibbles which may
be interposed between her equitable awards
and the faithful, self-sacrificing, brave, and
patriotic servant who in equity has earned and
won them, and which are almost guarantied
to him by the liberal principles and grateful
sentiments that mark and distinguish a free
people, who always have, and I trust always
will, point with pride and satisfaction to every
proper, just, and equitable recognition of a
noble service performed amid danger and peril,
and reflecting honor and renown upon their
republican Government.
It is because the general law fails to meet a
particular case of acknowledged merit that
special legislation is always properly invoked.
And it is because the case of the Wyoming is
beyond the reach of the law as it is, and be-
cause her case has merits equal, if not superior,
to any case within the provisions of the law,
that gives to her officers and crew the equit-
able right to the claim now made. It so hap-
pens, as stated in the reports, for the reason
there given, that neither this case nor the case
of the Kearsarge is embraced within your law.
In other words, Mr. President, it is precisely
like the case of parties who apply for pensions
to this body. They are entitled to pensions
under the principle of the pension law, but
not entitled to pensions under its letter.
Out of the three quarters of a million of dol-
lars which these men obtained as satisfaction
and put in your Treasury you are asked
now to appropriate simply $125,000, which
is to be distributed by the amendment I have
offered to-day as sea pay ; that is, not shara-
ble share and share alike, as in mere prize
money, which gives a larger proportion to the
higher officers of the service, but according
to sea pay. I hope the chairman will correct
me if 1 am wrong, but my recollection is that
the estimate was made on the basis of giving
two years' pay to each one of the parties con-
cerned.
I regret to sit down without having an op-
portunity of explaining this bill further. But
1 see the morning hour is expiring, and I do
not wish to be guilty of that unfortunate mis-
take of talking a good thing to death. I will
take my seat, simply asking permission of the
President of the Senate to have my report
read which refers to the Ta Kiang, about
which I have yet said nothing. It is quite
short.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York [Mr. Conkling] desires the
bill to be reported as amended. It will be re-
ported as amended, still subject to objection,
Mr. CAMERON. I rise for the purpose
of moving that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations for investigation
and reflection.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope that will not be
done. This bill has been investigated and re-
investigated a great many times by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and it has nothing to
do with any subject before the Committee on
Foreign Relations. It is a simple matter of
prize, the same as was paid away back in 1816
to Commodore Decatur and others for vessels
that were taken from the Algerine Govern-
ment and restored to that Government, and
Congress then appropriated $100,000 to those
men in the nature of prize.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Whenever the time comes
that I have a right to have this bill reported,
I should like to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Ohio proceeds with his remarks the
Secretary will report the bill as amended, on
the demand of the Senator from New York.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, <fce., That the Seoretary of State be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to sell so
many of the registered bonds of the United States,
now under his control, belonging to the Japanese
indemnity fund, as shall realize $125,000, and shall
pay the proceeds of the same to the Secretary of the
Navy, who shall cause the whole amount thereof to
be distributed among the officers and crew of the
Uni.ed States ship Wyoming, and officers and crew
who manned the Ta Kiang on the 5th, 6th, 7th, and
8th days of September, 1864, the same to be distrib-
uted us sea pay to the officers and crew a-ttached to
the Wyoming according to the pay-roll of said ship
on the 16th day of July, 18(53; and to the officers and
crew detached from the United States ship James-
town and who manned the Ta Kiang, according to
the pay-roll of said ship on the 5th, 6th, 7th, and
8th days of September, 1864: Provided, That the
provisions of this act shall be held and taken to be in
full satisfaction for all bounty, or claim for bounty,
on the part of the officers and crews aforesaid, under
any and all existing laws of the United States or
regulations of the Navy Departmentfor the destruc-
tion of piratical vessels at Simonoseki, on the 16th
day of July, 1863, and bombarding the forts erected
at the straits of Simonoseki in September, 1864.
And if any of the officers or crews aforesaid shall
have received any bounty for the service aforesaid,
the same shall bo deducted from the amount to bo
paid such officer or seaman under the provisions of
this act: And provided further, That no money shall
be paid to any assignee of the mariner entitled to
the same, but only to the mariner or his duly author-
ized attorney in fact, or, in case of his decease, to hia
legal representatives, excluding any such assignee.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to debate
this bill, but simply to express the hope that
the Senator from Pennsylvania will not insist
on his motion. This bill has been reported
upon three times and each time favorably,
after the fullest investigation by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. I think if there is a
meritorious measure on the Calendar, this i3
one. I doubt whether any exploit of our
