130
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Keps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Farnsworth.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
case the most shining marks in this House
have been singled out; the men who are chair-
men of leading committees, who have been
regarded as the leaders of this House, and
whom I have always believed, and do believe
to-day, are among the best men in this House.
Mr. Speaker, I have had many bouts
with some of these men; I have had many
sharp encounters in debate with them; but I
believe it has been a manly struggle, and that
the sharp words that have been uttered upon
either side have been forgotten and forgiven.
I will not, just as I am about to leave this Hall,
throw stones at them; Hudibras says that
some men—
" Compound for sins they are inclined to
By damning those they have no mind to."
Vicious men, men not half as good as these,
will compound for sins ten times worse and
will justify themselves to their conscience or
the crimes that they have committed, if they
can but drag down a better man to their own
level.
I do not propose to join in this hue and cry.
I do not know what member of Congress if
he had been offered by way of investment
what appeared to be a profitable thing, and
which this committee say was not of itself
wicked and what of itself did not disqualify
him from acting as a member of Congress
and voting in reference to this road—I say I
do not know what member of the House, if
offered such an investment, might not have
accepted it. I do not know. It is difficult
for us to place ourselves in other people's shoes.
But the old maxim, " Put yourself in his
place," is a good one, and I say to my fellow-
members here to-day, " Put yourselves in his
place."
While I say this with reference to the mem-
bers of this House who invested in this stock,
do not understand me as saying or arguing
that m point of law or as a conclusion of law
under the statute cited by this committee there
could be any difference between the man who
sold and the man who bought, and I was sur-
prised at the opinion of the committee that
Mr. Oakes Ames and Mr. James Brooks could
have been convicted under the statute cited in
their report of bribery and that the purchasers
of stock could not be, when precisely the same
penalties are provided by that act for the man
who buys that are provided for the man who
sells.
Mr. POLAND. If I do not interrupt the
gentleman, I would inquire what his idea is in
relation to the construction of that statute;
whether those who bought without guilty knowl-
edge are as guilty as the man who sold?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; if the seller had
a guilty intent, I do not think he would mor-
ally ; but as my friend is a Yankee, I answer
his question by asking him another, and that
is whether in his opinion a man who sold with-
out knowing what he required the buyer to do
or not to do could be convicted under that
statute ?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; that
answers the question on hand. Then why do
the committee say in the report that a man
who sold could be convicted while the man who
bought could not?
Mr. POLAND. Shall I reply now ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know what your
reply is: that he might know what he wanted
to influence the other man to do while the
buyer might not know it. Now, to illustrate:
a man in the city of Washington having some
measure which he wishes to get through Con-
gress, desiring to make an impression on a
particular committee, might invite that com-
mittee to dinner. He may surround them with
a great deal of elegance; he may satisfy their
appetites with all the delicacies of the season ;
he may seek in every way to attract and hold
their attention, and then when they are in that
malleable and impressible and delightful mood
that men.sometimes get in, he may approach
them with his subject and make an impression
upon their plastic minds in favor of the
proposition in which he is interested. Now,
m point of morals the man who gives the din-
ner may be very guilty, but I do not believe
you can convict him under that statute. Nor
do I believe you have any right to expel him
from his seat upon this floor because lie took
that method of engaging the attention of his
friends.
No, as I said before, in bribery there must
be two parties. To convict a man of bribery,
he must have used a bribe for some definite
purpose and object. If money was employed,
it must have been paid with the understanding
between the parties that it was for some such
purpose.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Allow me a
moment. Suppose the gentleman in question
who gave this dinner had written letters after-
ward and boasted of what he had done, claim-
ing that he had sought favors of members of
Congress on that account, he himself being a
member of the House. Would not that place
him in rather a different position, as disclosing
an intention on his part toward those gentle-
men who received the dinner, which intention
they were totally unaware of?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
think that would render him liable to convic-
tion under that statute?
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I ask if it
would not place the parties in a very different
light?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It may place him
in a very different moral attitude before the
world. A man who gave a dinner and after-
ward wrote letters and boasted of what his
purpose was, would do a very foolish and silly
and disreputable thing in very bad taste. But
suppose he afterward wrote a letter or said
to a friend, "I gave a dinner, and invited
several of my friends to dine with mo; I
engaged their attention, stimulated their
activities, and asked them to give some atten-
tion to the subject in which I was interested,
and I think they will do it." Now, while it
might be very foolish and in bad taste for him
to write such a letter, who will say that that
will render a man liable to indictment and
punishment under that statute, or to expulsion,
if a member of this House?
Sir, we are dealing with the subject of
bribery, with the charge of bribery made in
this report against a member of Congress, and
I say you cannot convict a man of bribery un-
less he bribes somebody, and a man cannot
bribe somebody unless that somebody knows
he is bribed ; and that somebody cannot be
bribed unless he receives a reward to do some-
thing or not to do something.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Is not the at-
tempt at bribery an offense at common law ?
and is not the resolution reported against
Oakes Ames a resolution referring to an at-
tempt at bribery, rather than a charge of
bribery?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will say to my
friend from New York [Mr. Smith] that the
committee does not refer to the common law
at all. They say in their report that this man
is guilty under the statute, and they quote
the statute. There is no reference to the
common law, nor to attempted bribery. Un-
doubtedly there is such a crime known to the
common law as an attempt at bribery; and no
doubt that in the absence of a statute a
man who should bribe a member of Congress
would be liable to punishment. But the ques-
tion of the gentleman from New York does not
change the argument I was making. Even at
common law there cannot be bribery without
more than one party.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. There can be
an attempt at bribery without anybody being
bribed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not the
charge here; nothing of the sort.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. There is noth-
ing else charged in the resolution, as I read it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. According to the
report of the committee the bribe was Credit
Mobilier stock, and it was accepted by the
members; now how can there be attempted
bribery when the bribe ia received? This is
changing the issue, and I do not propose to
allow the committee to change the issue in this
case at all.
Then, after all, Mr. Speaker, this matter, it
seems to me, resolves itself into the simple
question, was the stock of the Credit Mobilier
of America contraband property? Was it in
and of itself iniquitous so as to taint and cor-
rupt the men who held it? That is the ques-
tion. The committee in this case do not
anywhere pretend to take the affirmative of
this proposition. On the contrary, while Mr.
Ames was one of the largest stockholders in
that company and received the benefits from
his stock, the committee do not propose either
to punish or expel him because of that fact.
Thus the House, it seems to me, is permitted
to take it for granted that this stock, as prop-
erty, did not corrupt or taint the holder ;
and we are thus driven to examine the conclu-
sion of the committee which I have been ex-
amining, to wit, was there bribery? Upon
that question I need say no more. It seems
to me that enough has been said—enough was
said in the argument of Mr. Ames itself upon
the question—to convince every unbiased mind
that there was nothing like bribery in this
case.
Mr. Speaker, since I first examined the sub-
ject of the right of the House of Representa-
tives to expel a member, under that provision
of the Constitution which authorizes each
House to "punish its members for disorderly
behavior, and with the concurrence of two-
thirds expel a member," my conviction has
been growing stronger and stronger that this
House has no jurisdiction of an offense com-
mitted by a person before he was a member
of this body. I do not propose to enlarge
upon that subject. In reference to this ques-
tion, I concur in theconclusion of the Judiciary
Committee, whose report in another case was
yesterday read to the House.
It maybe recollected by gentlemen who were
members of the House three years ago, that I
opposed the resolution which was introduced
by my then colleague, now Senator Logan, re-
fusing to Mr. Whittemore admission to a seat
hero after his expulsion and after he had been
reelected to Congress. I believed then that the
act of the House in refusing him a seat was
an unwarrantable usurpation of the rights of
the constituency of Mr. Whittemore. I so
stated and so voted. We are fast tending in
the direction of usurpation of the powers of
the people. There is no more perilous tend-
ency. There is no more dangerous usurpa-
tion than that of taking into our hands the
prerogatives of the people" and exercising or
interfering with their powers. It was doubt-
less very well known, for instance, to the con-
stituents of Mr. Oakes Ames years ago, for it
was known in Congress that he was a large
holder of Pacific railroad stock and Credit
Mobilier stock. He has been twice or thrice
reelected to Congress since the time when
it is charged he committed this offense.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in my opinion this House
has no right to go back for six years and expel
a member because of acts committed at that
period. Why, sir, it was not a great while ago
