468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar, then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a
vote on the bill upon any motion pending, but
I shall object to any amendment paying the
money out of the Treasury.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the Indian appropriation bill, the
pending question being on the motion to lay
011 the table the amendment offered by the
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] upon
which the yeas and nays were ordered and
were once taken without a quorum.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to iuquire of
the Chair in what position now is the bill
which was being considered at the end of the
morning hour. Is the motion to refer with-
drawn '!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
refer is withdrawn. The motion to amend
the bill is now the pending question and will
remain so when the Calendar is resumed,
under the rule to take up unobjected cases
until action is had on the bill or some Senator
desires it to remain on the Calendar. It has j
been debated for thirty minutes, but no formal ;
objection has yet been made to its consider- f
ation. The Senator from Connecticut has
risen to make some statement to the Senate.
TIIE CUKUENCY SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the ,
Senate bill No. 1313 be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and on that motion I pro-
pose to make some remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That cannot be
done until the Indian appropriation bill shall
be passed over, formally or informally.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I suggest that it be
passed o*er informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks that the Indian appro-
priation bill be passed over informally, so that
the bill indicated by him in regard to specie
payments may be taken up, he desiring to move
to refer it and to speak on that motion.
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield informally for
the purpose of allowing the Senator to make
his speech; but I desire to say that I shall
insist on taking up the Indian appropriation
bill as soon as the Senator concludes his
r6m&rks
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection on the part of any Senator, the Indian
appropriation bill will be passed over inform-
ally.
The Senate proceeded, by unanimous con
sent, to consider the bill (S. No. 1313) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3,1864, and to secure an elastic currency,
to appreciate national obligations, and to reach
specie payments without commercial embar-
rassment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, my
object in introducing the bill, which I now
move to have referred to the Committee on
Finance, is to provide an elastic currency to
appreciate national obligations and to secure
specie redemption or its equivalent.
If I fail in convincing the Senate that such
will be the effect of this bill if it becomes a
law, I shall hope to provoke the wisdom of
this honorable body to adopt some other meas-
ures that will secure the objects named.
The industrial interests of the country re-
quire and demand a currency elastic, secure,
and convertible into that which is of more
value than the currency itself. A circulating
medium that shall combine these three quali-
ties would stimulate our energies, increase our
commerce, and facilitate exchanges both for-
eign and domestic. It would also mitigate,
if it did not wholly prevent, the pecuniary
distress felt on every "black Friday" and
in all departments of business during those
periods of embarrassment when relief has
been sought and heretofore secured by sub-
stituting the lesser evil of suspension of specie
payments.
In order to cure a disease it is important to
understand its character, to know what reme-
dies have been tried, and how far they have
proved a failure or a success. To remedy our
financial evils let us first inquire as briefly as
possible into measures which have heretofore
been adopted, and determine the effect which
they have produced.
The United States Bank, under the author-
ity of Congress, furnished the country with a
part of the circulating medium for a limited
period. With that exception, bank notes
have been issued by banks organized under
State authority, but they have not maintained
either one of the qualities named for any
considerable length of time.
Under the delusiou that banks could enrich
a community the States have been prolific in
granting charters. But the powers granted,
the securities required, and the restraints im-
posed have been as varied as the judgment of
the Legislatures of the several States. Com-
missioners have been appointed to exercise a
guardianship o i-their action. Penal statutes
have been enacted to prevent the exercise of
powers not granted. Pledges of real estate
and of State and other stocks have been
made to secure the payment of ci't • dtion, but
the fraudulent and erroneous rep. esantations
of the value of the real estate and the depre-
ciation of stocks have often been so great that
the holders of the notes have been large losers.
The years 1857 and 1858 furnish abundant
proof of such loss. They show that neither
the stringent provisions of bank charters, nor
the watchfulness of commissioners, nor the
penalties imposed, nor the securities required
by the States, have proved a sufficient guar-
antee against loss to the bill-holder. Nor
have State banks furnished an elastic currency.
Expansion has often been regarded as evidence
of insecurity and contraction as cowardly con-
servatism. Currency has been abundant when
business was dull and unattainable in seasons
of activity. Restraints upon the issuing of
currency have been as rigid as ribs of iron,
which would yield to no pressing emergency,
however good the security offered. Severe
commercial embarrassment has been the
legitimate consequence.
But the directors of some of our State banks,
desirous of preventing undue expansion and of
maintaining rigid redemption, made arrange-
ments to secure bank-note redemption in the
business centers of Boston and New York.
This plan is knowu as the Suffolk and the Me-
tropolitan bank systems of redemption. They
were not the result of State legislation, but of
the combined wisdom of financial men, whose
views were broad enough to comprehend the
fact that the interests of commerce required a
sound currency, and that it could not be se-
cured by State legislation. The systems were
highly beneficial in checking the issues of un-
sound banks and in diminishing the cost of
exchange, but the banks failed to maintain
continued specie payments. They were by
agreement under obligations to keep a reserve
at the places of redemption sufficient to meet
any demand that should be made. But no
amount of deposits was a full guarantee for re-
demption unless they should equal the amount
of circulation. Such a reserve would not be
profitable to the banks, and was never de-
signed. The theory was that when bank notes
were issued it would take a certain length of
time for them to reach the place of redemp-
tion, during which the banks would gain some
interest, and all they were required to do was
to watch their circulation, and just before ic
should be presented for redemption slip iu a
proper deposit to meet the demand.
But when there was a money panic or dis-
trust, or when business pressed for quick ex-
changes, circulation returned with great rapid-
ity, and the banks in order to meet these
demands were under the necessity, not only of
denying their customers accommodations which
had usually been extended in the way of dis-
counts, but of pressing them to pay such notes
as the banks held against them. The press-
ure was sometimes so great as to hazard the
solvency of the debtor, the effect of which was
to diminish his ability to meet his obligations
to the bank, and this in turn weakened the
bank. Thus the credit both of the- banks and
their customers became impaired, and their
solvency endangered. The banks, fearing in-
ability to redeem, dared not expend their cir-
culation, and men in business, being unable to
obtain money, could not meet their obligations.
It became a contest between the borrower and
the lender. Each party was powerless to re-
lieve the other. They contended against each
other, a merchant failing here and a bank stop-
ping payment there, until the business public
triumphed over the banks by compelling them
to suspend specie payments. The banks vio-
lated their obligations to redeem to-day that
they might fulfill other obligations to-morrow.
, They were dishonest that they might be honest.
This was the case in 1837, in 1857, and again
early in the rebellion. The failure of the
banks to redeem diminished the value of
currency and was an injury to business, but
that injilry was partially compensated by
expansion which followed. A depreciated
currency was better in such emergency than
none. But the theory that banks, under such
a system, or under any that can be devised
and put in operation by the Legislatures of
; thiriy-seven States, Can expand and have
J ability to redeem their circulation at all times
j in coin, has proved and ever will prove a
: fallacy.
i In view of the embarrassments in 1857, Pres-
ident Buchanan, in his message to Congress,
expressed similar views when he said :
"These revolutions must continue to occur at suc-
cessive intervals so long as the amount of bunk loans
and discounts of the country shall be left to the dis-
cretion of fourteen hundred irresponsible banking
institutions, which from the very law of theirnature
will consult the interests of stockholders rather than
the public welfare."
The Constitution of the United States gives
Congress power to coin money and regulate
the value thereof. It prohibits the States from
coining money, and from making "anything
but gold aud silver legal tender in payment of
debts." It has been generally understood that
the power to coin money gives authority to
form and stamp metals and to fix upon them
a value at which they shall be received iu
liquidation of all debts which may be incurred
in our own country. The metal has an intrin-
sic value, but the stamp aud the law give it a
commercial value above its intrinsic value.
This is the power which Congress exercises
aud has ever exercised under the clause of the
Constitution to which I have referred. But
while the Constitution gives Congress power
to coin or stamp money and to regulate 'the
value thereof, it does not declare that the
stamp and value shall be placed upon metals
only. So far as I am able to discover, that
instrument gives Congress as clear a right to
stamp paper, and to determine that the com-
mercial valu-e thereof shall be ninety-nine per
cent, above its intrinsic value, as it does to
stamp pieces of metal and declare their com-
mercial value to be one per cent, above their in-
trinsic value. I have not legal acumen sufficient
to put any other construction upon that instru-
ment; and if it is correct, then the clause which
prohibits the States from coining metals and
putting them in circulation as money must
also prohibit the States from stamping paper
and putting that in circulation as money. I
have for years entertained the opiniou that
banks of issue under the authority of the sev-
eral States were never contemplated by those
who framed our national Constitution, nor
