1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1408
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed tt>.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Gommittee oa
Enrolled Bills, reported that the commitee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same: , • .
An act (S. No.. 96) for the relief of Cowan
&, Dickinson, of Knoxvitle. Tennessee^
message krom the president.
A message was received from- the President
of the United States, by Mr. Babcock, one,of
bis secretaries, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed bills of the follow-
ing titles:
An act (H. R, No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and- for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribes for the year-ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1325) to remove the dis-
abilities of certain persons herein named ;
An act (H. R. No. 3481) to authorize the
trustees of the Presbyterian congregation of
Georgetown to dispose of real estate ;
An act (EL R. No. 3482) prohibiting gift
enterprises in the District of Columbia ;
An act (H. R. No. 1626) to confirm certain
entries of land therein named;
An act (H. R. No. 2420) pranting a pension
to Margaret Renshaw;
An act (H. R. No. 2437) granting a pension
to Martin Zeeb;
An act (H. R. No. 2438) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Davis, of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 2508) granting a pension
to Eliza J. Pracker ;
An act(H. R. No. 2556) granting a pension
to Jane Thompson and Margaret Thomp-
son ; and
An act (H. ft. No. 2593) to readjust the
western boundary of Dakota Territory.
river and harbor appropriations.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to move that the
rules be so suspended as to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No 3922) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes, and that
the same be considered in the House as in
Committee of the Whole under the five-minutes
rule, all general debate to be limited to one
minute.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me, to offer a resolution which
will give rise to no debate.
Mr. SAWYER. If it will take no time.
congressmen accepting office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I' move that the
rules be suspended so as to enable me to
submit and the House to adopt the following
resolution-:
Resolved, That it shall be in order upon the sun-
dry civil appropriation bill to move an amendment
providing that no member of Congress shall be
elected or appointed to, or accept, or take, or exer-
cise the duties of any office whatever either hereto-
fore or hereafter created or provided for by any act
or acts of Congresswhile he is such member, whether
such oft ice be salaried or otherwise.
Mr. RANDALL. I think that should be
limited to offices to which pay is attached.
As it now stands it seems to me that Visitors
to West Point Academy would be embraced
in the resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I think the gentleman
should say " except a Senator of the United
States."
Mr. PARNSWORTH. It does not apply
to such an officer.
The question was taken; and there were
upon a division—ayes 85, noes 37; two thirds
voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the work was an-
nounced,
Mr. HOAR called for the yeas £lnd nays.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not yield with the
understanding that- the yeas and nays should
be called.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and -nays; and there were thirty-two m the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more tlian one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I motfc
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BARRY : The petition of bankers
of Columbus, Mississippi, for the removal of
the taxes on banking.
By Mr. BIGBY: The petition of Mrs. F. D.
Spain, widow of William B. Spain, asking com-
pensation for services rendered by herdeceased
husband in carrying the United States mails
from Talbotton to Geneva, in the State of
Georgia.
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of druggists
of Wilmington, Delaware, praying the repeal
of proprietary stamps^
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Charles R. Tucker and 57 others, citizens
of New Bedford, Massachusetts, in behalf of
underwriter claimants, against exclusion from
their just participation in the damages awarded
by the Geneva tribunal.
By Mr. CLARKE: A petition in favor of
th$ passage of an act allowing pensions to the
widows of soldiers of the war of 1812.
Also, a petition for the relief of Sarah F.
Lincoln, postmistress at Spencerport, Monroe
county, New York.
Also, the petition of members of the bar of
Monroe county, New York, in favor of increas-
ing the salary of the justices of the Supreme
Court and of the circuit and district judges
residing in the State of New York.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Hon.
Horatio Ballard and others, members of the
bar of Cortland county, New York, praying
the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Also, the petition of Mary A. Maydole, of
Marathon, New York, praying a pension as
the widow of John Maydole, a soldier of the
war of 1812.
By Mr. DUKE i The petition of school
trustees of Manassas, Virginia, requesting
Congress to pay for the use of Bradly school-
house in Manassas township, Prince William
county, Virginia, during the war.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of the wine and
liquor importers of New York, for a restora-
tion of the law allowing a reduction of duty
for breakage and leakage.
By Mr. FINKELNBURG: The memorial
of the German Woman Suffrage Association
of New York, against abolition of female suf-
frage in the Territory of Utah.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of C. N. Shepards and others, asking a
repeal of the law requiring stamps on medi-
cines.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of
druggists of Nashville, Tennessee, for repeal
of proprietary stamps.
By Mr. FRYE : The petition of Oliver Por-
ter and others, and the petition of Freeman
Josselyn and others, for the' extension of the
money order system to every post office in the
United States, with a lower rate of charges.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Fair-
banks & Piper and others, citizens of Wor-
cester, Massachusetts, praying the repeal of
stamp duties.
By Mr. HOUGHTON: The memorial of
citizens of San Diego, California, praying the
passage of the .bill f or tuciiing the .San Diego
river into False bay, and that the War Depart-
ment be specially authorized to .preserve, and
protect the harbor of San Diego from, injury
through the acts of private individuals.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The memorial of citi-
zens of Cuylerville, Livingston county, New
York, in relation to French claims.
By Mr. MoCLELLAND : The petitions of
Chill W. Huzz&rd, of Monongahela City,
Pennsylvania, and T. W. Pbtts; & Co., of
CanonSburg, Pennsylvania, setting forth that
the second section of the bill to amend the
postal laws provides "that from and after
the 1st day of January next, under such
regulations ahd in such manner as the Post-
master General shall prescribe, the postage
provided by taw to be paid upon printed mat-
ter or mailable matter of the seeond class
shall in all cases be prepaid and collected at
the offices respectively where such matter shall
be mailed; provided that weekly newspapers,
within the respective counties where the satne
are actually and wholly printed and published,
and none other1, may pass through the mails
free of postage, as provided in the eighth clause
of section one hundred and eighty-four of the
act to revise, consolidate, and amend the stat-
utes relating to the Post Office Department;"
and asking that the' four words "and wholly
printed and" may be stricken from the bill,
and thus place publishers of weekly news-
papers all upon the same footing.
By Mr. McKEE: The niemorial of the
trustees of the University of Mississippi, in
favor of the bill granting additional public
lands -to agricultural colleges.'
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petitions of Bos-
worth & Sons, Greene & Buttow, and others,
druggists, perfumers, and manufacturers of
medicinal preparations, asking for repeal of
that portion of the act of Congress known
as schedule C, by which manufacturers are
taxed by stamps.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of citizens
of Lincoln, Maine, in favor of a general postal
money-order system.
By Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina: The
memorial of Pescud, Lee & Co., J. R. H.
Carmer, Williams &. Haywood, and William
Simpson, druggists, &c., of the city of Raleigh,
North Corolina.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of J.
W. Eglen, of West Union, Ohio, against the
passage of the bill to amend the postal laws
so far as it discriminates against newspapers
not wholly printed at the county where pub-
lished.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of
Yockey & Connelly, publishers of the Bedford
Banner, State of Indiana, in relation to the
postage upon newspapers.
By Mr. WAKE'MAN : The petition of the
citizens of Pembroke, Genesee county, New
York, praying a general law prohibiting the
traffic in all intoxicating liquors as a bever-
age so far as Congress has the constitutional
power.
Also, the petition of members of the.bar
of Genesee connty, New York, praying an
increase of salaries of the district judges of the
United States in northern and southern New
York.
post route bills.
The following notice for leave to introduce
bills was given under the rule :
By Mr. ADAMS: Bill establishing'a post
road from Beattyville, Lee county, Kentucky,
to Jackson, Breathitt county, Kentucky.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: A bill to
establish a post route from Shown3'cross roada
to Butler, Tennessee.
By Mr. TERRY : A bill to establish a post
route from Rural Retreat, by Cedar Springs,
Corner's Rock, to Cleins Branch, in Virginia.
