1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
authorised by that instrument. The rijjht to !
issue money is one of the highest privileges j
which belongs to the sovereign, and should !
never have been exercised except under au-
thority of the national Government.
Mr. Buchanan, in his message to which I
have referred, says:
"The trainers of the Constitution when they save
to Congress the power 'to coin money and to regu-
late the value thereof.' and prohibited the States from
coining money, emitting bill? ot' credit, or making
anything but gold and silTer coin a tender in pay-
ment of debts, supposed they had protected the peo-
r'e against the evil* of an excessive and irredeem-
able paper currency. Tbey are not responsible for
the existing anomaly that a Government endowed
with the sovereign attribute of coining money, and
regulating the value thereof, should have no power
to prevent others Irom driving this coin out of the
country and filling up the channels of circulation
wi'h paper which does not represent gold and silver.
It is one of the highest duties of Government to
insure the people a sound circulating medium; the
amount of which ought to be adapted, with the
utmost possible wisdom and skill, to the wants of in-
ternal trade and foreign exchange. Unfortunately,
under the construction of th«> Federal Constitution,
whten has now prevailed too long to be changed, this
important and delicate duty has been dissevered
f-ora the coining power,and virtually transferred to
more than fourteen hundred State banks, acting
independently of each other and regulating their
paper issues almost exclusively by a regard to the
present interests of their stockholders."
Here that distinguished statesman clearly
expressed his judgment that the power to issue
a circulating medium is attached to the power
to coin money, and should never have been
separated from it, and that the exercise of this
power by the several States is such a separa-
tion. and a violation of our national Constitu-
tion. But, fortunately for the future pecun-
iary interests of the people, the necessities of
the Government forced Congress to assume its
rightful power, in the exercise of which a bank-
ing system has been established, regulated and
controlled by national authority, which has
dried up and driven from circulation the notes
ot'State banks of undetermined value, and given
us a currency perfectly secure. This aecnrity
cannot be obtained by the legislation of the j
several States. I
The bill proposes free banking. It will
open the business of banking to any and all
persons who will organize associations in ac-
cordance with the provisions of law. It will
be as free as agriculture, or manufacturing,
or'commerce, and like those interests will be
pros *cuted in every section of the country
where banking shall be needed and can be
madeprofitab e, but wiil be discontinued when
ever the business shall fail of producing bene-
fits. The bill does not limit bank-note cir-
culation, nor require positive redemption in
specie, but requires redemption eitherin United
States bonds bearinginterest, or in legal-tender
notes which can be converted into interest-
bearing bonds or in coin at the option of the
banking association' either one of which is at
times bett«r than bank notes. Enforce such
redemption and you will prevent undue expan-
sion. _ ;
Much has been said and written about the
necessity of redeeming bank and legal-tender
notes in coin. Whether it can be done so as
to benefit the public is a practical question.
1 he honorable Secretary of the Treasury says:
" There are two effectual and certain ways of plac-
ing the country in a condition when specie and paper
will pt).jse s the same commercial value. By dimin-
ishing the amount of paper in circulation the differ- j
ence between the commercial value of paper and
coin will diminish, and by pursuing this policy the
difference will disappear altogether. All legisla-
tion limited in its operation to the paper issues of i
the banks and ot the Government, whether bearing
interest or not, and which in its effects shall tend to
diminish the market value of coin, will be found,
upon analysis, to contain a plan tor contracting the
volume of paper currency; and all legislation so
limited which does not contain such a plan will
prove ineffectual. Accepting this proposition, and
believing that the country is not prepared to sus-
tain the policy of contraction, it only remains for i
me to consider the means by which the value of our !
currency may be improved. The basis of a policy
of improvement must be found in a sturdy refusal
to add to the paper in circulation until it is of the
tame value sabstantially as coin."
Which ipeans, that we must wait until an
increase of business shall bring about the re-
sult, or that we must contract the present vol-
ume of currency. Accepting the proposition of
the honorable Secretary as calculated to bring
about specie resumption, I would not adopt
either measure as a remedy for our financial
embarrassments. The idea that the business
of the country will increase so that with the
present limit of circulating notes they will
appreciate so as to be equal in value to coin
cannot, in my judgment, be realized until this
generation of business men shall become crip-
pled and pass away to give place for another.
But an increase of business will require an
increase of currency or of coin, especially in
the producing sections of our country, and
the policy that will iucrease our productions
and sustain our business may postpone the day
of specie resumption. The experience of
more than three quarters of a century fur-
nishes evidence that we have often exerted our
energies until they have been nearly exhausted
in order to maintain a system of specie pay-
ments which as yet has been only intermittent.
Who is so credulous as to believe that our cur-
rency will be restricted even to its present vol-
ume against the clamor for an increase every
time speculators lock up money, or so long as
men embarrassed by such operations can in-
fluence the Government to exercise a doubtful
power for their relief?
I do not claim that the proposed bill will
be a specific for all evils connected with bank-
ing and business. Embarrassments are as
incidental to commerce as is friction to ma-
chinery, aud while they cannot be wholly
removed they may be diminished. The bill
will not create capital. It will not prevent
banks from becoming insolveut, for it will
have no power to make bank directors honest
or to endow them with common sense. It
will not furnish a redeemable currency of
equal value in all parts of the country. No
banking system can.
The value of currency will diminish in pro
portion to the cost of transmitting it to the
place of redemption. The business of ex-
change becomes involved, and exchange can-
not be made without transportation and cost.
If a traffic in grain takes place between two
sections of the country and on an adjustment
of accounts it is found that one section owes
the other a thousand bushels of wheat, that
balance must be paid by the transportation
and delivery of the wheat. That will cost
something. That cost will be the cost or value
of exchange. It will make no difference with
the principle whether you pay the balance in
wheat or in that which represents its value;
but it will cost less to transmit a bill of ex-
change drawn against some other commodity
than it will to transport the wheat. If a bank
note is redeemable in that which is of more
value to the holder than the note itself, then
such a note is not worth as much at a distance
from the place of redemption as that with
which it is to be redeemed by the cost of
returning it. Express charges for returning
notes are proof of the statement.
The internal commerce of the nation does
not absolutely require specie resumption.
That is desirable, but we can prosper without it.
In looking over the countfy I notice its mar-
velous progress, and when I see that industry
has been richly rewarded and that nearly
every branch of business has .been productive
of profit during the past five years, I am not
so ready as I have been to curtail the currency
by an arbitrary statute for the sake of deceiv
ing the people with the old idea that banks
can always maintain specie payments. They
have not done it heretofore, for when the
pressure came they were no more held by their
obligations to redeem than was Samson held
by the green withes of Delilah. Nor am I
willing to wait in a state of inactivity for busi-
ness to increase until it shall make coin and
paper of equal value. 2 would lay aside a
theory which in times of great commercial
embarrassment has famished no relief, and
try the more excellent and practical measure
of redeeming circulation in United States
bonds as well as in coin. There is now no
redemption until a bank becomes insolvent.
The holder of a bank-note wants something
better than the note. He presents it to
the bank for redemption, and is paid with a
United States legal-tender note. He presents
that to the United States Treasurer for pay-
ment, and is paid in another legal-tender note
of the same value. He has secured an ex-
change of promises but has gained nothing,
and unless he can get something better than
his note he will keep that and make the best
use he can of a depreciated currency. He
is entitled to coin, and if in consequence of
difficulties arising from the recent rebellion or
from any other cause the Government and its
institutions are unable to meet such obliga-
tions, the Government should adopt measures
which will come nearest and which will lead
most rapidly to their fulfillment. If they can-
not redeem their promises in coin, the stand-
ard of value, they should redeem in that
which is of more value than the old promise,
and which in value comes nearest the stand-
ard. The bill proposes to do this. It pro-
vides that if the Government and banking
associations cannot redeem in coin they shall
redeem in United States interest-bearing
bonds, which are better than bank or legal-
tender notes, and which, under the operations
of this bill, will approximate nearer to the
value of coin than any other securities.
The bill prohibits banking associations from
paying interest on deposits. Banks are organ-
ized mainly to loan and not to hire capital.
Deposits accumulate in banks located in busi-
ness centers at a time when trade is inactive,
and if interest is paid on them they must be
loaned. In a dull season loans must be pressed
in order to save from loss. The deposits are
subject to draft at sight, and in order to meet
such demand the loans are made on call.
When a call is made unexpectedly, as in times
of financial excitement, it obstructs the chan-
nels of" regular business and often proves a
public injury. I know of no two practices by
banks which are so injurious to enterprising
men whose chief capital consists in their
talents and their character as making loans on
call and paying interest on deposits.
But these deposits are usually to the credit
of banks in the interior, and are available
both for discounts and for the redemption of
their circulation. To deprive them of inter-
est would deprive them of a profit, unless they
can derive a corresponding benefit in some
other way. That benefit can be secured by
investing their deposits in United States inter-
est-bearing bonds, which will also be available
for discounts and for the redemption of their
notes.
Although the bill permits free banking, yet
it insists upon and provides undoubted secur-
ity, for the holder of every bank note. The
securities will be the same as are now required,
but their market value will undoubtedly be
enhanced by the provisions of this bill. Every
bank note will be secured by a bond of the
United States. The holder of the note has
an interest both in the note and in the bond.
The bond is a mortgage on the resources of
the people. The holder of the note is one of
the people, consequently the bond is a debt
against him. His relation to the bond makes
him a mortgageor, and his ownership of the
note makes him a mortgagee. As a mort-
gageor he can cancel his obligations by using
his note to pay his proportion of taxes levied
for the payment of the bond. As a mort-
gagee he is secure from loss and undue bur-
dens by having the whole people as copart-
ners and with him pledged to pay the bond.
It would seem difficult to provide more per-
fect security than this, for it includes the
integrity of the people and the entire revenues
of the nation.
