134
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGrEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Louisville and Portland Canal—Mr. JDodds.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Government which may have charge of the
said canal."
In conversation with a member of this House
a few days since it was suggested that perhaps
this latter clause might be injurious to the
canal and interfere with its proper working.
Accordingly I addressed a letter to General
Humphreys, chief of engineers, asking him
at what point, if any, on the canal could
water-power be successfully used, and what
injury or damage, if any, would the use of
such water-power cause to the canal. In reply
to that letter I received the following:
Sib: Your letter of the 10th' instant, requesting
information as to the points on the Louisville ana
Portland canal where water-power could be used,
and the injury, if any, that would ensue to the work
"by the use of the water-power, has been received.
In reply I bog leave to invite attention to the in-
closed copy of a letter on the subject from Major J.
Weitzel, dated February 11, the officer in charge of
the construction of the canal, which, it is believed,
will afford the desired information.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
JSrigadier General and Chief of Engineers.
Hon. 0. J. Dodds, Souse of Representatives.
General: Hon. 0. J. Dodds, United States House
of Representatives, has requested mo to narrate
the circumstances connected with the passage of the
fifth section of the joint resolution^ of the Kentucky
^Legislature rolativo to the Louisville and Portland
canal, which was approved March 28,1872, and to
give my opinion of its practical importance.
The particular section referred to appearsnear the
top of page 9, Executive Document No. 1, Senate,
Forty-Second Congress, third session, and relates to
the water-power of the canal.
The whole resolution as passed, with the excep-
tion of the latter portion of section five, beginning
at the word "subject," was drawn #up by Hon.
James Speed, attorney for the Louisville and Port-
land Canal Company, on the day before its passage
by the Kentucky Legislature.
After Mr. Speed had drawn it up he submitted it
to me to ascertain whether I thought it would bo
satisfactory to the Government. I suggested the
addition to the fifth section of the portion which
reads as follows, namely: " subject to such restric-
tions and regulations as may be made by tho Secre-
tary of the Department of the United States Gov-
ernment which may have charge of said canal."
In my opinion no water-power can be obtained at
any point except by tapping the canal just above
the locks, the latter being situated at its foot.
The Government will become the owner of the
land contiguous to this point if it accepts the canal,
and this water-power becomes its own property.
As I said above, the resolution was drawn up on
the 27th of March, 1872. The next day was the last
one of the session of the Kentucky Legislature, and
it may be that the section was only added in order
to make the measure more popular and facilitate
its passage. ,
I asked the addition above referred to to be made
in order, under any circumstances, to keep the con-
trol over the whole matter in the hands of the Gov-
ernment. , . ...
In my opinion the whole section has no practical
value. „ „ , .
I am General, very respectfully, your obedient
serTant- J. WEITZEL.
Major of Engineers.
Brig. Gen. A. A. Humphreys, ,
Chief of Engineers, Washington, 1). 0.
No, sir; the terms proposed by the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky are fair and just. In
all her dealings in regard to this great work,
which is located within her borders, her con-
duet has been worthy of all praise. In her
liberal dealing she has been true to the tradi-
tions of her mother Commonwealth, Virginia,
who ceded an empire to the General Govern-
ment; and in the magnanimity and generosity
displayed in her efforts to make this canal
free to the commerce of the West and South,
she has but followed the exam pie of her hardy
pioneers, who with their trusty rifles in hand
left their homes in Kentucky, and under the
leadership of Johnson and Joe Daviess, at, the
Thames, at Tippecanoe, and in the valley of
the Maumee, repelled the savage invader and
his still more cruel and savage white ally, who
threatened destruction to the infant settle-
ments in Ohio and Indiana. And it is but
just and proper to add that the conduct of
the five gentlemen who hold this great trust
has been praiseworthy.
the burden upon-jnternal river commerce.
But it is no answer to our claim that this
canal should be taken charge of and its debts
assumed by the General Government, to say
that these are honorable gentlemen; that their
conduct has been unexceptional in the per-
formance of their duty; that they have not
heretofore abused their trust. The strange
anomaly exists which I undertake to say is
the case in no other public work in which the
Government is interested or to which it has
appropriated money, and it is this: that five
private gentlemen are constituted trustees by a
State with power of perpetual succession, with
power to hold, manage, and control property
upon which has been disbursed over $7,000,-
000, (their interest in it being only $100 each,)
and whose action neither the executive, legis-
lative, or judicial department of this Govern-
ment can control by any other means than
those prescribed by the joint resolution of the
Legislature of Kentucky, approved March 28,
1872, already referred to. They hold and con-
trol property to which the commerce of the
Ohio and Mississippi valleys has contributed
five and a half million dollars. And under
their management, so long as this corporation
controls the canal, the burdens upon com-
merce are necessarily severe. I am informed
that on first-class river steamers _ the toll
amounts to about $600 for a round trip.
In some remarks made by my colleague [Mr.
Stevenson] on this subject on the 7th June,
1872, he gave the following table and state-
ment which show the cost of the passage of
several boats and barges :
Boats. iVb. trips. Tollage.
MollieEbart  4 $517 00
Bsperanza  2 288 00
E. H. Durfee  2 328 00
Potomao  3 687 00
John Kilgour  4 1,184 00
Charles Bodman  4
Nick Longwortli  2 ooO 00
Mary Miller  £ 282 CO
C. B. Churoh  4 888 00
Louisville  2 551 00
Robert Mitchell  2 740 00
Emma C.Elliott  4 /B4 00
Arlington       1 ^
Fannfe Lewis  1 180 00
Post Boy  1 2J) TO
Coal boat  1 11£ {Jj
W. H. Brown, (tow-boat)   2 185 00
41 9,348 50
Total amount paid for forty-one passages,
$9,348 50. The actual cost of passing a tow-
boat with a tow of barges going through the
canal maybe interesting. Other expenses are
shown, beside the actual tolls, go to show that
passing through the locks is a burden of itself
without adding the much greater one of toll-
age:
Tollage for one steamer and twenty barges $1,768
Expense towing down eanal  160
Extra run in canal  «{
Two days' time  jUIJ
Total   $2,403
This tax, at present fifty cents a ton, is lev-
ied not upon the amount of freight carried
through, but the capacity of the vessel con-
taining it. The Legislatures of nearly all the
States West and Southwest have memorial-
ized Congress at different times to take the
action proposed in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] Every
commercial convention and national board of
trade which has been held in the country, com-
posed as they are of the representative men
and best minds of the business and mercantile
claims, coming from all sections, representing
every commercial and mechanical interest
and all shades of political opinion, from that
one assembled at Norfolk, Virginia, to the one
at St. Louis, Missouri, have resolved in favor
of reducing the tolls, and memorialized Con-
gress to make the canal practically free.
importance of this improvement to the iron
interests of the country.
The iron trade of the country within the past
ten years has received a wonderful impetus and
development, an enterprise has been specially
directed to the manufacture of steel by the Bes-
semer and other processes. This requires a
mixture of ores, and I now state the fact, as
given in an address by Hon. Henry T. Blow,
delivered before the School of Mines at
Raleigh, a few years since, which has a sig
nificant bearing in the discussion of this ques
tion, and shows how important it is to the iron
interest of the country that this canal should be
made practically free.
The older States of the Union, singularly
enough Pennsylvania leading, are building a
large number of furnaces to smelt ores, which
they expect to obtain from Lake Superior,
Missouri, and the southern states ; and in the
midst of such enormous investments the fact
is forced upon them that Lake Superior and
Missouri ores, for the reason I have given,
have advanced near one hundred per cent.,
and they must pay fourteen dollars per ton in
Cleveland for one, and ten dollars per ton in
St. Louis for the other, instead of eight and
five dollars and fifty cents as last year, and as
far as our ore is concerned, perhaps six dol-
lars more to place it in Pittsburg.
Every ton of Missouri and Tennessee ore
which is smelted in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and
West Virginia must pass through this canal.
Its price is enhanced to the ironmaster by
reason of this tax. There is not a bar of iron
manufactured in Pennsylvania, Ohio, West
Virginia, or New York, which is used in the
seacoast States; there is not a steel rail man-
ufactured at any of these points, in which
there does not enter as a component part
of its cost this same tax. And when we re-
flect how various and multiplied are the uses
to which the iron is now put, we can readily
see how injuriously this tax affects the people
of the country at large.
this is a national work.
All the coal, iron, agricultural implements,
bacon, provisions, and other products from
Pennsylvania, WestVirgina, Ohio, and Indi-
ana, consumed in the South and Southwest
pay tribute to this canal, while all the southern
products—sugar, molasses, rice, and cotton—
making their way North and Bast, via river,
are subjected to the same tax. The coal from
which is manufactured the gas which lights the
cities and homes of the valley of the Missis-
sippi and the lower Ohio has its cost largely
increased by this tax, which, as before stated,
is fifty cents per ton; not on amount of freight,
but on the capacity of the vessel which conveys
it. In 1834, the Committee on Boads and
Canals, of which Mr. Pope was chairman, in
reporting upon certain petitions which had
been referred to them, uses this language,
which I deem so pertinent to the question
before the House that I quote :
" The committee have diligently investigated tho
nature and merits of the numerous memorials and
petitions referred to them, and have determined
that the views of the petitioners are reasonable and
just. In adopting the views of tho memorialists,
the committee do not consider that they are pro-
moting the interests and wishes of any limited or
peculiar section in opposition to the general welfare,
but that they are advocating a measure of universal
convenience and national utility. They deem the
object national, not sectional. An object of such
national concernment, it seems to tho committee, is
entitled to the respectful and liberal consideration
of the Government. The great and increasing com-
merce and trade of a vast portion of the country is
subjected to unjust and distressing exactions, and it
is tho province as it is the duty of the Government
to relieve it of the burden. The munificence of the
Government has been often extended to the Atlantic
States in expenditures on the seaboard and else-
whore, and now every sentiment of justice and im-
pulse of patriotism plead for the exercise of the
same liberality toward those who inhabit the valley
of the Mississippi."
Those words are true to-day, and apply with
equal force to the present. We.should look
