1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
Morrill of Vermont, Xye, Sherman, Tipton, Win- I
sn 1 Wright—IT.
N IYS—Messrs. Aiues, Anthony. Buckingham,
Cikwrrb. Coroett, Davis, Ferry of Connecticut, till-
; >rt. II itu'.'.i.. ll.iii.in, Micheu, Norwood. Pattor-
« ■!> Ruu-ey, Hansom. Hobei t«on, Scott. Spencer,
^pracue. Stevousoii, Stewart, Stockton, Thurinan,
*aa ^ lexers—J-i.
AT.-rv L—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Rrown-
low. i'i.in oil. Cameron. Carpenter. Clayton, Cooper,
Cfiism, Klinunds. (ioldthwaito. Ilium! ton of Texas,
Hi,.. Jonustou. KeUogg. Ivolly, Lewis, Logan, Jlor-
ri; I Miir.o, Morton, Ushorn, Pomeroy, Tool, l'ratt,
K.c uiN'mry. Siwvcr. bvhur:, Sumner, Trum-
bull, West, anil Wilson—33,
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Tue VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. The amendment as pre-
sented was prepared hurriedly alter the amend-
ment 1 had offered, requiring military olKcers
to he detailed tor this service, was laid on the
table, and is not exacly in proper shape. 1
have therefore prepared a sub.-'itute, winch i
w;!l otfer as a modification, and ask that it be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
can modit'y his amendment, as it is now tree
fr m any vote. The Sena'or from Nevada
mi'd'tie-i his amendment so as to propose, in
lieu of what was originally offered, what will
t>.- read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Ta.it there shall be appointed by the President,
by an 1 -.vita the advice and c >n-ent <>t the Senate,
a -utTi ien' number ot Indian inspector? to pertorm
the tii'ies herein required, not exceeding s-. veil in
r.-irn-'cr. Eaeh investor shall hold hi- office for
- lr :• ears unless sooner removed by the President,
slid he shall receive an annual salary oi'sVJOO. aud
a".- neoe -ary traveling expenses wuiie in the dts-
■ r ir_-e •>! his du'y, n t exceeding ten cent? a mile
1 r .irtual travel. E ich In lian superintendeuoy
and ageucj shall ba visited and examined .as often
a.- ■ :« a year by one or m 're of rae inspectors,
-ni-h examination shall exten 1 to a full investi-
l :; ic ui a.l matter* pertaining to t!ie basines-of
■...•■ superintendent;)' or ageney, including an ex am -
.!i ili■ ■ n of accounts, the manner of expending
ij"T?y. th ■ namHer >>f Iaiim- provided f jr, con-
'.-ie"- ! all km 1? connected n:*h t.T> business, the
ct a i.;ion ol tae Indians, their advancement iv eivil-
izati n. the extent of reservations and what use is
male of the lands set apart for that purpose, and,
g-neraily, all matters pertaining to the Indian ser-
i ,i:e. For the purpose of matin,- such investiga-
'ijr.;. each inspector shall have power to examine
; . • oek-, paper-, and Vouchers, to administer oaths,
. . i " i examine on oath all officers and persons ern-
; y< 1 .n tt.e .-uperinteutleacy or agency under
■ >.v .-s'lgation, and all sUeh other persons as he
y ieeiu ncc--iry or proper. The inspectors, or
any oat- ot 'acm. shall have- p iwer t > -u-p-nd any
superintendent or aseut or employe, subject to tho
a| 1 r iVal ol the President, making immediate report
o: -<,ch -u-pen.-io:,, and up-n the cone lu-ion of each
ex.imina't >n a r«-n«rt -h'.'i he f^rwarde 1 to the Pre-i-
ii!i,t wiiQout delay. Hie inspectors, in the dia-
i i.ug oi neir duties,jo.ntly and individually, shall
h -.i power to entorce th.> law? ,,nd prevent the vio-
lation ot law in the administration of'affairs in the
several agencies and superintendeneies. So lar as
practicable, the examination of the agencies and
cuperintendencies shall be'made altera itely by dif-
ferent inspectors, so that the same agency or super-
intindeney may not be examined twice in succes-
g on by the same inspector or inspectors.
Mr. STEWART. I have the report of the
peace commissioners before me, and I find
that they are unable to make these investiga-
tions themselves), and recommend substantially
what is contained in this proposed amend-
ment. I had Dot seen the report before, but I
was aware of the fact that these investigations
were not made.
'dr. CONKLING. How much will this cost?
.Mr. STEWART. A very small percentage
of the ordinary leak. If seven inspectors
should be appointed, their salaries would
amount to $35,O0U. aud the traveling expenses
might doub.e it. The coat might be seventy-
five or one hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the compensation?
Air. STEWART. Five thousand dollars a
year and traveling expenses not exceeding ten
cents a mile for actual travel. I do not pre-
tend to say it is a cheap experiment.
Mr. WILSON. How many inspectors are
to be appointed?
Mr. STEWART. Not to exceed seven. It
is uot a cheap experiment. But here is a very
large amount of money expended and there
is no supervision of it, and that is not in ac-
cordance with the way in which busiuesa is
transacted in other Departments. The informa-
tion lhat the lndiau department obtains and
sends here it gets from the reports of the
agents who are iu the field and expend the
money.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator read the
recommendation of the peace commission?
Mr. STEWART. I will ask the Clerk to
read the recommendation of the peace com-
missioners on this subject. They have not been
able to perform this duty themselves, aud in
order that the policy they recommend shall be
carried out, they recommend the creation of
this board. 1 ask the Secretary to read the
portion 1 have marked in their report.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Senator from
Nevada to reduce the number to five or six.
Mr. STEWART. One moment, until that,
is read.
The Chief Clerk read from the report of
the Indian commissioners under the head of
" legislation," page 111, as follows:
"As of great importance to maintain and perfect
the system of retorai iu the Indian service, we rec-
ommend a board of in.-pectois, not less taau live in
number, to lie solecfe l by the President from such
persons as shall be recommended by the annual
meetings of the various reug.ous denominations of
the Uni jd States, who -hall -ee proper to make
-tuch recommendation, to hold office during good
benavior. or until removed by the President. They
shall be charged with the duty of visiting eaoh tribe
at least once a year, to ex imine into the accounts,
mode of 'loins business, and the conduct and man-
agement of the officers and employes of the Govern-
ment: see that treaty stipulations are kept by the
United States adopt such measure.- as will preserve
the peace, ex imine into the educational progress of
the Indians, hear their complaints and right their
wrongs, and witness the proper delivery of their an-
nuities. They should have power to su-pend agents
or employes, subject to the President's approval,
making immediate report ol such suspension; to ad-
minister oaths, examine aud report on claims for
depredations, eject trespassers or improper persons
from reservations, and call upon the military for aid
when necessary. The board should be constituted
of men of high character aud ability, and should be
paid a proper compensation, and give their exclu-
sive attention to their duties. In connection with
tkis. it is also recommended that the superintend-
ences, most of which we deem to be of doubtful
utility in any ease, be discontinued.
" The work of promoting peace with each other
among the various tribes; protecting them in the
possession of their reservation lands; securing to
them a fair Cuii-ideration fir such parts of their
reservations they may de-ire to sell. and_ seeing
that they get it; encouraging and supervising the
removal to the Indian teiritory of such as are will-
ing to go ; iTovi.liog for giving Ian Is in severalty
to'ribes fitted for and willing to receive them; in-
stilling the idea of individual property interests,
without which even the while man will not ivork;
and other siui! ir measures which are deemed neces-
sary for the advancement of the Itidim in civil-
ization, would naturally rank among the duties of
the board of inspectors."
Mr^isTEWART. I did not think it con-
sistent to limit the Presideut in his selection
of these agents as suggested by the report. I
think the President has a right to appoint
whoever he deems suitable, without any re-
striction as to their being nominated by par-
ticular classes of citizens. I presume he
would be governed by all the circumstances
of the case.
I would remark that this is a very important
service. If it is performed, I believe that a
large amount of money will be saved. Not
only that, but a great scandal will be stopped
in the portions of country where this money
is disbursed if we can find seven men who will
undertake to do this duty thoroughly. If we
get seven men to do such a duty as this, to
travel, examine, and report faithfully; men
who have sufficient business capacity and gen-
eral intelligence to do the duty, the compen-
sation must necessarily be high, I should say
not less than So,000 a year, and traveling ex-
penses at ten cents a mile. If they succeed
in performing the service, succeed in stopping
the leaks, they will save many times the amount
that their employment will cost.
At all events if this service is to be per- i
formed, and it be the settled policy of the ;
country that it shall be performed, it seems to J
me we are in duty bound to expend whatever j
it shall cost. Whatever it does cost to make j
the system honest and effective we are in duty
bound to expend. It is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to see that the money is not squan-
dered. if it costs something to see that money
is not squandered, it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to see that it is done. The squander-
ing of money does harm outside of the loss to
the Government; it demoralizes the Indians
and the agents and the service generally.
I do not see any other method than to have
inspectors in this way to examine and report
what is going on. As to the suggestion that
this work may be done once a year by the In-
dian commissioners, I do not think that is
sufficient, because before they get around to
an agency the whole appropriation might be
expended. The visits should be made at least
twice a year. The number suggested by the
board is five, but this amendment requires
semi-annual examinations, and the number
named in the amendment is seven. There are
seventy-two agencies and seven superintend-
encies. I do not think a less number than seven
can do this work if it is to be done at all. If
five or seven millions of money is to be ex-
pended on the frontier every year, and the
only information we have of its expenditure is
from the agents who expend it, we cannot com-
plain if there are irregularities and frauds if
we leave it in that crude condition.
II may be that we shall not reach the evil by
this effort; but while we leave the men who
spent the money to send in their own accounts
and tell their own story, we cannot expect
anything else but that the Government will be
imposed upon, which I believe is the case.
The commissioners who have given this sub-
ject some investigation appear to have come
to the conclusion that in order to have an
honest and effective service there must be in-
spectors to examine what is done, and that we
must have some other means of getting in-
formation besides the channels of the Govern-
ment agents who send their reports to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs who lay them
before Congress, on which our action is taken.
Mr. STEVENSON. I concur heartily in
this proposed amendment. I think the public
interests strenuously demand it. I am only
sorry that my friend, the Senator from Minne-
sota, who has charge of this bill, should deem
it his duty to oppose it. It is not a new meas-
ure. Its importance is attested by the fact
that for years some similar measure of legisla-
tion has been urged by those most interested
and best informed in our Indian affairs. On
the 5th day of January, 1871, a bill which I
hold in my hand was introduced into the Sen-
ate at the suggestion, I learn, of Mr. William
Walsh, and perhaps other members of the In-
dian peace commissioners, providing for the
appointment of " six inspectors of Indian af-
fairs, who, under the direction of the Depart-
ment of the Interior, shall personally visit and
inspect the Indian tribes and report to Con-
gress in relation to the sanitary, industrial,
and educational condition of the Indians and
their wants, and who shall inspect and report
in relation to the efficiency and fidelity of su-
perintendents, agents, and employes in the
Indian service."
Mr. President, some prompt efficient rem-
edy is urgently demanded to prevent corrup-
tion and extravagance in the management of
our Indian affairs. I do not pretend to know
where the exact source of the abuse is ; but
any Senator who has served upon the Indian
Committee or looked into the management of
our Indian appropriations for the last few years
cannot fail to persuade himself that some
remedy in regard to the exorbitant and increas-
ing expenditures of the public money de-f
manded for this Indian service is Urgently and
promptly demanded. I approve in the main
of the peace policy of the President in regard
to the Indians. I am for a fair trial of an
enlightened, liberal, humanitarian policy in
regard to these unfortunate people. I do
believe, however, that a great reduction in our
