472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jannarv 10,
•/ *
expenditures for the Indians can be safely
adopted without injury to their rights and
without militating against the policy which the
President has inaugurated lor the management
of the Indians. I believe that the best step
that Congress can now take is to adopt this
amendment. It proposes to clothe the Presi-
dent with power, by the advice of the Senate,
to appoint five or six gentlemen of high char-
acter and known integrity and intelligence,
who shall visit in person the various Indian
reservations and agencies, charged with the
duty of seeing that the money appropriated
for these poor people is received by them, and
that they are protected in their treaty stipula-
tions; further, to see that their industrial and
sanitary regulations are carried out in good
faith, aud above all that the moneys which
under our treaties are due to them do not get
iuto the pockets of other people.
Is there a Senator in this Chamber who be-
lieves that the Indians now receive all the
money that Congress votes annually for the
Indian service?
I do not know where the leak is, but I
believe evils exist which call loudly for a cor-
rective. Senators may ask what is the remedy?
The Senator from Minnesota who has charge
of the bill said to the Senator from Ohio on
yesterday, "What you say about enormous
and startling Indian expenditures may be all
true, but what is the remedy proposed?"
Surely there is a remedy. I will stand by the
Senator from Minnesota in all proper appro-
priations for the Indians, but I ask him to
stand by me in the advocacy of this amend-
ment for the appointment of an enlightened
commission to be selected by the President of
the United States, by the advice of the Sen-
ate, who shall in person visit the various In-
dian settlements and agencies, who shall per-
sonally see that the money we appropriate
reaches the Indians and is not diverted from
its legitimate purpose ; honest inspectors who
shall see that the Indians are protected in all
their treaty stipulations; upright inspectors
who shall gee that the various Indian tribes
receive the full benefit of the schools, sanitary
regulations, and instructions in the various
mechanic arts, for the establishment of which
money is appropriated year by year for their
use and benefit,. Such inspectors could ac-
complish a great deal. They could detect and
ferret out corruption ; they could prevent in-
justice; they could inform the President, and
the President could inform Congress whenever
the necessity for an appropriation has ceased
to exist and what abuse has been made by
faithless superintendents or agents of moneys
nlready appropriated. Whenever the Indians
become so far advanced as no longer to re-
quire the appropriation of money which at a
former date may have been required, and for
which former treaties provided, we should be
informed of this fact by these inspectors and
large sums of money would be saved.
Mr. President, what objection can there be
to the appointment of these inspectors? It
may be that the proposed amendment can be
perfected. I suggest to the Senator from
Nevada that he reduce the number from six
to five. I think also the pay of the inspectors
is unnecessarily large. So important in my
judgment is this measure that I do not wish
to weaken it by an unnessary number of com-
missioners or by an extravagant compensation
to the commission. The report of the peace
commission, an extract from which the Senator
from Nevada has just had read, recommending
these inspectors, puts the number at five. I
am sure that number is amply sufficient. In
the bill introduced in 1871, under the super-
vision of Mr. Welsh, of Philadelphia, the
number of inspectors named was six. I am
sure the amendment will gain strength by fix-
ing the number at five, and reducing the com-
pensation to $3,500.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky that this amendment requires
semi annual examinations. Their recom-
mendation was only for annual examinations.
I am apprehensive that an annual examination
would not do, because there would be places
where the whole appropriation would be ex-
pended between the visits. They should be
once in six months. I think it will require as
many as reven to do that; but I am not
strenuous upon that point.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection
to paying the inspectors their traveling ex-
penses ; but it occurs to me that the salary of
$4,000 or $3,500 is ample. It is as much as
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs receives,
who has charge of the whole Indian Bureau.
If $3,500 be inadequate we can increase it
hereafter. I think that the President will
have no difficulty in finding enlightened, pure,
upright men who will agree to undertake this
work at a salary of $3,500 in addition to their
necessary traveling expenses, and I am sure
that four or five inspectors could perform the
work. I have no feeling on the subject except
for the success of the amendment. I believe
in its necessity. I go for it, heart and soul,
because I am persuaded that it is the first
step toward a much-needed, economical, and
benevolent reform in the management of our
Indian policy. If honest, upright men are
selected, I believe it will save millions. I
feel for the Indians; I am for a humane and
liberal policy in providing for them, but in
making treaty appropriations I desire to do so
with my eyes open. I desire that the legis-
lation toward this unfortunate race of people
now rapidly disappearing shall be as enlight-
ened as it is liberal, and that we shall not
continue as we have been doing in the past to
increase our appropriations in the dark. We
should appropriate all that a humane policy
demands, but it is our duty also to see that
every cent thus appropriated is required and
that the Indians receive it.
The Senator from Nevada has struck, in
my judgment, the key note of what the true
remedy for existing abuses is. It is the begin-
ning of legislation in the right direction, and
as we continue to get light and information
from these inspectors and our enlightened
peace commissioners, Congress will have the
data before them to legislate not only liberally
but intelligently. My advocacy of this amend-
ment lias thin object, nothing more.
1 leel I pousesa not the experience of the
Senator from Minnesota on the subject of our
Indian affairs. It is therefore with great
deference I differ from him. If he has any
objection to this proposition and will enlighten
me, I shall willingly yield my present, convic-
tions to his enlarged experience, founded upon
his long residence upon the frontier, and hav-
ing in both branches of Congress lieen for so
many years actively acquainting himself with
the detailsofour Indian policy and the manage-
ment of all questions connected with the red
men. Until the Senator shall give me reason
to change my present opinions I must adhere
to this amendment as the first step in the right
direction.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I am very
sorry that I am unable to agree with my friend
from Kentucky, in whose philanthropy on the
Indian question and in whose good judgment
upon all questions appertaining to appropri-
ations I have the utmost confidence. But as
he has asked me to state my objections to the
pending proposition I will do so very briefly.
I made the motion last evening to lay the
amendment on the table, not because I am
opposed to investigating all of our transactions
in the Indian department to the fullest extent,
not so much because I was opposed to the
thing itself, but to the proposed manner of
accomplishing it. The proposition is to change
almost entirely our Indian system, at least so
far as the management of funds is concerned,
and it does seem to me that a change of this
kind should be brought about upon the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
who will give full and careful examination to
this subject, and report a bill that will not
only provide for the appointment of these
commissioners, but make other provisions
adapting our present system to it. For instance,
in the report read by the honorable Senator
from Nevada I notice that the peace commis-
sioners say that if this commission of inspectors
be furnished we may dispense with a large
number of our present superintendents. I
have no doubt that if the Committee on Indian
, Affairs would take up this question, give it
their full and careful consideration, if they
deem it advisable to adopt this policy, they
will find an opportunity to reduce the expend-
itures of the Government by lopping off a
number of officers now in existence. If that
shall be done I think I shall have no sort of
objection to this amendment.
But I do not believe that, an Indian appro-
priation bill which has already been under
discussion nearly a week, the Senate being
very tired of it and very anxious to have it
disposed of one way or the other, is the proper
place to legislate upon so important a matter
as this. And furthermore, unless the other
changes of which I have spoken are accom-
plished, I am opposed to the amendment itself.
We were told a few years ago, when the pres-
1 ent board of Indian commissioners were ap-
pointed, that this was the beginning of a great
improvement on the Indian question. I believe
in the policy then adopted, and I think it has
been in a great measure successful.
What was the theory upon which this board
was appointed? It was this: that the various
churches of the country should take men from
among their number, eminent and honest and
faithful, who would take entire charge, in con-
necwith the Secretary of the Interior, of our
Indian affairs. Let me read a single para-
graph from the law authorizing their appoint-
ment :
"For the purpose of enabling the President to
execute the powers conferred by this act, he is here-
by authorized, at his discretion, to organize a board
of commissioners, to consist of not more than ten
persons, to be selected by him from men eminent for
their intelligence and philanthropy, to serve with-
out pecuniary compensation, who may under his
direction exercisejointcontrolwith the Secretary of
the Interior oyer the disbursements of the appro-
priations made by this act or any part thereof that
the President may designate."
The theory upon which that law was passed
was that if the churches were thus permitted to
designate men of their own, they would feel
an interest as a church organization in the ap-
pointment of the very best men who could be
selected for the purpose. It was supposed
that men would be appointed who would not
care for the compensation, but philanthropic
men, men who desired to serve the Indians,
who desired to see that the country was not
swindled out of its appropriations. But what
will be the effect of this amendment? To
change that entire theory; not to indicate to
the churches your desire that they shall take
part from philanthropic motives in this busi-
ness, but you will forthwith set to work every
man in those churches who wants to get $5,000
a year and ten cents a mile for travel, to get
this appointment through the church. Then
you will not have so good a class of men as
you have to-day in charge of this business.
Instead of philanthrophists coming to the
front and seeking to have charge and direction
of this matter, you will see men coming to the
front who want to carry the purse, as in days
some eighteen hundred years ago, and some
Senator remarked to me awhile ago that if the
Indians did not get more than half the money
appropriated now, when you double the men
to supervise them they will not get any after
a while.
I believe in appointing men such as this bill
provided for; men of eminent ability, men of
eminent standing in the churches, men who
would go into this business from philanthropic
motives and work without pay, as they have
been doing.
