1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
n
Your arc very well aware, Mr. President,
that the various Indian tribes have been as-
-'ini'ii !o different church organizations, and
t> wh one of them feels an interest, indeed I
msv say a proper pride, in selecting the best
man they can in order that their church may
b-- pro.er'v represented, and that it may not
be disgraced bv the man whom it shall select ;
but o:Ver large pecuniary compensation and
the whole theory and practice will be changed,
and men will seek this for the sake of the
rr. ^noy ; and whether they will be content with
their >">.000 a year and mileage I know not.
I won'd rather trust the present board of com-
nv.<«ioners. Why, what is the duty of this
board Let me read a paragraph from a
subsequen' act:
"An 1 it ;• h.* 1L be the duty of said commissioners to
juptmsc , il expenditures of money appropriated
ijr the eaetit ot' Indians in the I'uiteU Mates."
Let me call my friend's atteutiou to that
 g*in.
" It jhill be the duty of this board to supervise
a:! fJKc lit ure? of money appropriated for the ben-
e?-. t' Indian? iu the I'nited States, and to inspect
a . « i? ] urcha.-.M t >r said Indians, in connection
with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, whose
iiu*y u "hail t>e to consult 'aid commissioners in
mivir:i purchase* of said goods."
I believe these men can perform that duty.
If they cannot, other men having as strong or
stronger philanthropic desires to benefit the
Indians can be fouud who will do it, and do it
mjch more succesfully and efficiently than it
can be done in the manner now proposed.
In another act, to which I have been referred
by my friend from California, [Mr. Cole,] it
.s provided—
"That any member of the board of Indian com-
missioners u hereby empuwcre-l to investigate all
c<in'.r,  't.-. expenditures, and .ic>unts in connection
w '.3 the Indian service, and -h ill have a''ee?-  to all
books and papers relating thereto in any Govern-
ment office; out the examination ot vouchers and
accounts by the executive committee of said board
shall kt be a prerequisite to payment."
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator tell me !
the date of that last act? !
Mr. WINDOM. It was passed at the last
session.
Mr. THCRMAN. Now will the Senator
tell me whether such examinations have taken
piac<" 1
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot answer the Sena-
t <r iiiiw t-wn><ivt*ly the-ii' examinations have
b. ■ n in,ul.•, but it being t1,.- duty of tlu-^e men
l.i mak,.- examina' mn, and tliey b jing a class
of miji '•'■o" sta','1 a- li^h as any otht.r in the
t \:.-ry. I apprehend that we may fairly trust
tiia: ti, y h a • done their duty in this regard.
Certainiy I think it h as safe to trust them a3
to shift the responsibility from them on some-
body e!-<-. If we are to adopt this amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada, then I say
let u3 repeal the law appointing this board of
commissioners.
I be'.ieve there was an old theory that the
world stood on the back of ati elephant, and
the elephant stood upon a huge turtle, but
what the turtle stood upon I never yet have
ascertained. It is so with this commission.
We have one commission already to do this
duty, and we rest on them. The Senator
thinks that is not enough, and he proposes
that we should raise another commission.
What will 'hey rest upon, I ask the Senator
from Nevada. Shall we have somebody else
to investigate their accounts? I apprehend
they will need it quite as much as the present
commission.
The Senator from Kentucky says this is no
new measure. I am very well aware of that.
As long ago as in the House of Repre-
sentatives, I introduced a bill myself to divide
the whole Indian territory into five districts,
appointing three commisioners for each dis-
trict, whose duty it should be to make these
v<-ry examinations; but it was voted down.
The present policy, which is called the Presi-
dent's policy. was adopted instead of it, and I !
think we had better give it a fair test and hold .
these individuals to their responsibility ; re-
quire them to make these investigations which
they are appointed to make, rather than relieve
thetu of it and throw the responsibility on some-
body else for a mere pecuniary consideration.
I will stand by my friend from Kentucky in
protecting the Indians to the utmost extent in
my power, but I do most earnestly hope that
instead of pressing a measure of this kind,
which cannot now be fully considered, which
will require if adopted the repeal of certain
other laws which authorize the appointment
of men for whom we shall have no use if this
commission be appointed, and pressing it in this
way without being fully prepared or consid-
ered by his own committee, he will take the
matter into consideration in the Indian Com-
mittee and report a properly matured bill on
the subject. I care not if it be something of
this character, but let it comprise the other
conditions and provisions necessary, and let
the Senate discuss it fully, and then when the
Indian policy is changed let it be changed upon
a full and fair consideration of the subject, and
not thrust in in this way at the end of an
Indian appropriation bill, without the exam-
ination of any committee whatever, and with-
out an opportunity on the part of the Senate
to give it that consideration which its merits
and importance demand.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The question
was asked, I think by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, what objection there was to this meas-
ure. My objection to it is that it tends, in my
opinion, to defeat the very purpose that we all
have in view; that it is a movement back-
ward. We now have a Secretary of the In-
terior, a Commissioner of Indian Affairs, a
board of commissioners, agencies, and all the
machinery to regulate thin Indian business. It
is very imperfect, perhaps; great errors exist
in the management of affairs, perhaps; I do
not know how that is, but one thing is certain,
that we are now, by appointing this new com-
mission, relieving all these officials from re-
sponsibility. We are saying to them, "we
have another set of officers who are to com-
| municate with Congress and to be responsible
; to us, and to whom Congress is to look for
' information." I do not believe that this new
board will b > as efficient, as safe, as intelligent,
as the one that exists. It nnty he very proper
that tin-re should be a more direct examina-
tion of the affairs of these agencies. To ac-
complish that purpose, an appropriation
authorizing the Department to make these
examinations, to select persons who shall go
to the agencies to see whether the money is
properly applied, the treaties fulfilled, and the
Indians protected in their reservations, might
be a good measure. That, would not be re-
lieving the present organization from its
responsibility to Congress. I observe that
during this session there has been one, and I
am not certain but two, bills introduced in
reference to this very subject, which have
been referred to the Indian Committee. At
the request of a member of the House, stating
that it was by request, and not being respons-
ible for the bill, I introduced one myself,
which was referred to that committee. I think
we should hesitate long before we, in this hur-
ried manner, relieve from responsibility those
who are now accountable to us for the man-
agement of this whole subject.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from New
Jersey and the Senator from Minnesota I
think are laboring under great misapprehen-
sion as to the real state of the case. Certainly
they would not occupy their present position if
they understood the case. I take it for granted
that they have not investigated it. We do not
propose to relieve anybody from responsibil-
ity. This duty of investigating these Indian
agencies, and seeing whether money is stolen
or not, is not delegated to anybody.
Mr. WINDOM. It is delegated to the peace
commissioners.
Mr. STEWART. I beg your pardon.
Mr. WINDOM. Allow me to read again :
" It shall bo the duty of the commissioners to
supervise all expenditures of money appropriated
for the benefit of the Indians."
They must investigate; and in a later act
each member of the board is required to
investigate all contracts, expenditures, and
accounts in connection with the Indian per-
vice.
Mr. STEWART. That they are empow-
ered to do; but those are contracts in the
Department here.
Mr. COLE. All contracts.
Mr. STEWART. Who ever supposed that
it was contemplated that these men should
visit all the reservations and examine into
these matters? Here are Mr. Brunot, Mr.
Campbell, Mr. Bishop, Mr. Dodge, Mr. Stuart,
and Mr. Farwell. These gentlemen are en-
gaged in other business altogether.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator inform
me what they were appointed for, and why
they accepted the commission?
Mr. STEWART. They can do some service
here. They can go into the Department here
and examine matters there. Senators talk
about having a supervision over the Interior
Department. Why, sir, these men were ap-
pointed right over the Interior Department to
examine into contracts here. If there is any-
thing offensive to the Department, it is cer-
tainly in authorizing an examination here.
But the Department can make no examin-
ation out among these agencies. They are
compelled to rely on the agents. Nobody
makes an examination out in the Indian coun-
try. It is not possible. Some of these gen
; tlemen may make a little pleasure trip out
there, but they do not pretend that they can
make a regular examination every six months,
and they never have proposed to do it. So far
from that, these commissioners say that in
i order to carry out the system it is absolutely
necessary to have inspections where the money
is expended. These very gentlemen say so in
their report, and they do not intimate that it
is at all in conflict with their duties. It is a
field unoccupied. That is the reason why I
propose this measure now.
Senators talk about this being done in a
hurried manner. I say to have an inspection
of where five or seven millions of money is ex-
pended, to have a supervision over it, on the
field, by competent men appointed by the
President, is not a rash movement. It does
not conflict with the duty of anybody else. It
may or may not be important for the peace
commission to continue their supervision over
\ contracts made here; let them supervise those
contracts as much as they may. An Indian
agent located one hundred miles from any
settlement, alone, by himself, has the expendi-
ture of fifty or one hundred thousand dollars,
and he sends in his accounts, and nobody is
authorized, and nobody does go practically and
see how he expends that money. It is by no
means such an easy task as Senators suppose
to have this work done. You are not going
to get gentlemen of intelligence and wealth,
humanitarians, without pay, to follow these
things up and make reports upon them. The
peace commissioners have not done it and
will not do it.
The simple question that remains here for
us is: will you allow this appropriation bill
of over $5,000,000 to pass without an effort to
obtain information as to where this money
is to go, without providing the machinery
for obtaining that information ; for it is a fact
all the information you now obiain comes
from the agents, and we hear of their being
fiut out of offic almost daily when if. is too
ate and the money has been expended A
large number of them are changed constantly;
butyou do not hear of anything wrong until the
money has been squandered, and probably
there are a great many of them squandering
