1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
42d Cong 3d
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Bingham,.
Ho. of Keps.
in this way with the time-honored usage of
the House and the rights of every member
upon this floor. But it is done, and I have
no complaint to make about it farther now
that it is done, except to let these gentlemen
know that the people of the United States are
the final tribunal to determine this issue, and
to let them know further that I have no fear
or doubt what that verdict will be. The judg-
ment of the House will be the judgment of
the people.
We would be unworthy the places we
occupy if we had not the courage and the
manhood to resent such insolence, such un-
warranted attempt to make men forswear
themselves, upon the cry of the hooting mob
"crucify," "crucify," "crucify," and record
a verdict of "guilty" both against law and
justice I
Mr. Speaker, I desire to add a word here, and
to put it upon record, lest in the excitement of
this debate some word of mine might be mis-
interpreted touching my feelings toward the
special committee who sat in judgment upon
the character and good name of every Repre-
sentative in this House. When this commit-
tee was raised and instructed what to do,
their duty was limited to no man. No man
was named in the resolution, except the repre-
sentative from Massachusetts, Mr. Ames.
The duty with which that committee was
charged by order of the House was to make
inquiry by the testimony of witnesses and
otherwise, and to report to this House whether
any of its members had been bribed by Oakes
Ames, or by any other person, or by any cor-
poration. That was the only power conferred
upon the committee. They so understood
and acted accordingly.
The learned gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Meiirick] in making his argument yesterday
in support of the report of the committee, an
argument that was characterized by a sound,
discriminating, logical method, that showed
him eminently qualified to discharge the duty,
took occasion to notify the House that beyond
the question of bribery of its members they
had no power to go ; that they could not report
one line or one word of conclusion against
any man on this floor, except "guilty" or
"not guilty" 6f bribery.
The gentleman stated the whole law of the
case as to the power of the committee when
he made his argument on yesterday. The
committee discharged their duty. I desire to
say that they have discharged their duty with
a fidelity and an intelligence and an integrity
to their own convictions that does honor not
only to themselves but to the House of Rep-
resentatives and to the great people whom they
so honorably represent. I am here to make
no complaint of their action while I respect-
fully dissent from their conclusions as to the
guilt of the two members against whom alone
they have reported adversely.
I remember the courtesy and the consider-
ation with which they treated me when, in
obedience to their request, I appeared at their
bar. I shall not soon forget it. In the report
which they have submitted to the House and
to the country I consider that there is nothing
which distinguishes it more than the fact that
they have proceeded with the utmost care and
caution to the end that they might not do any
injustice to the good name of any man without
evidence before them compelling them to pro-
nounce, according to their convictions, the
verdict of guilty upon him.
I notice also the fact that m the discharge
of their duty they have taken care to do what
the distinguished and learned chairman of the
committee [Mr. Poland] said in his opening
argument of yesterday—to render a special
verdict in the case; and that by their special
verdict they have acquitted every member
upon this floor, of whatever name, except the
honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Ames.] I desire to use
the language of the report which has been
submitted to the House. In speaking of every
member of the House whose name came before
them, except Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks, the
committee say:
" The committee have not been able to find that any
of these members of Congress have been affected in
their official action in conseauenoe of their interest
in Credit Mobilier stock."
And further the committee say:
"The oommittee do not find that either, of the
above-named gentlemen, in contracting with Mr.
Ames, had any corrupt motive or purpose himself,
or was aware that Mr. Amks had any, nor did either
of them suppose he was guilty of any impropriety,
or even indelicacy, in becoming a purchaser of this
stock."
I know that this unanimous verdict of ac-
quittal of any offense whatever in the premises
as to myself is true. I accept it as my full
discharge, not fearing that the House will
reverse it. I cannot doubt that it is a true
and just verdict as to all the other members
included in it.
That verdict of acquittal, Mr. Speaker, ought
to end this controversy, and I have no doubt
will end it as to the members included m it. I
come now to speak of the findings by the
committee against Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks.
The committee report the following resolu-
tions :
1. Whereas Mr. Oakes Ames, a Representative in
this House from the State of Massachusetts, has
been guilty of selling to members of Congress shares
of stock iu the Credit Mobilior of America, for prioos
much below tbo true value of such stook, with intent
thereby to inflenco the rotos and decisions of such
members m matters to be brousht botore Congress
for action: Therefore,
Resolved, That Mr. Oakes Ames be, and ho is
hereby, expelled from his seat as a member of this
House.
2. Whereas Mr. James Brooks, a llopresentativ©
in this House from the State of New York, did
procure the Credit Mobilier Company to l^sue and
deliver to Charles H. Ncilson.for t,hw use and benefit
of said Brooks, fifty shares of the stock of Maid
company, at a price much below its real value, woll
knowing that the same was so issued and delivered
with intent to influence the votes and decisions of
said Brooks as a member of the House in matters
to be brought before Congress for action, and also
to influence the action of said Bkooks aa a Govern-
ment director in the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany: Therefore,
Kaotoed, That Mr. James Brooks be, and he is
hereby, expolled Irom hi* seat as a member ot this
House.
Mr. Speaker, all the evidence before the
House shows very clearly that the committee,
when they made their report, knew that the
two gentlemen whom they find guilty of bribery
committed the offense, if at all, before either
of them was elected a member of this House.
The committee so argue in the report and so
maintain on this floor, it is to be noticed in
passing that two of the members of the com-
mittee, to wit, my honorable friend from In-
diana [Mr. niblack] and my honorable frieud
from Iowa, [Mr. McCbary,] dissent from so
much of the report as gives to this House
jurisdiction over the past life of every man
who by the suffrages of the people may be
elected a member of Congress.
The finding of the majority of the commit-
tee is as I have stated, that the House may
expel a member for any criminal act of his
past life. X understood the honorable chair-
man of the committee in his opening argument
to insist that although the two persons charged
in the report were guilty of nothing since they
were elected to this House in 1870, yet, if at
any time before that they were guilty of any
crime known to the laws, it was competent lor
this House to sit in judgment upon them, find
them guilty of the crime, expel them in dis-
honor from this Hall, and deny to the people
that sent them here their own guarantied right
of representation under that Constitution which
is "of the people and by the people and for
the people." In the interests of the people
and their right of representation, T oppose to
this dangerous assumption of power the words
of thoir Constitution:
" The trial of ah crimes, except in cases of im-
peachment, shall bo by jury; and suoh trial shall
bo held in the State where such crimes shall have
been committed; but whon not committed within
any State, the trial shall be at suoh place or places
as the Congress may by lawhave directed."
This House has no power alone either to
pass a law for the trial of crimes, or to try
any citizen not iu offico for any act whatever
except for breach of its privileges, nor to try
any member of this House for any act save for
such as he may have committed in derogation
of his office and since his election to this the
Forty-Second Congress. For the House to do
more* than this is, in my judgment, usurpation.
Adopt and assert the power claimed by the
committee, and two thirds may expel one third
for acts, real or supposed, committed or charged
to have been committed ten or twenty years
ago, and so continue to expel until the minor-
ity of Representatives chosen by the people
will silence the voice of the majority, and legis-
late for the nation without constitutional right
and against the declared will of the people.
Mr. Speaker, be the corporation known as
the Credit Mobilier as corrupt and as guilty as
it is possible for any body of corporators to be
upon this earth, here and now in this presence,
I state it as my conviction, that the guilt of
that corporation is covered with dark eclipse
iu the presence of the assumption made here
that any House of" Representatives may usurp
the power to strip the people of the United
States of their right to representation on this
floor as secured by the express letter as well
as the spirit of their own Constitution and of
their own laws. I join issue with gentle-
men on this subject. I join issue on this sub-
ject with the mob that demands a victim. I
intend to have the issue understood by the
people of this country. To this outcry and
clamor against the people's right of represent-
ation I interpose the laws of my country; not
so much in behalf of any man accused here, as
in behalf of the rights of a free people that are
thus attempted to be betrayed, to^ be denied,
and to be overturned by two thirds of this
House in the exercise of what they are pleased
to call the power of purification 1 [Laughter.]
Why, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen have been
driven to wonderful extremities in order to
make headway against what they knew lay in
their path, by citing to us the rulings of the
English Parliament of one hundred years
or more ago; a Parliament that has always
claimed to be omnipotent, mouthing the horrid
blasphemy that it possessed the attribute of the
Deity; a Parliament that claimed and usurped
the power not only to expel the representa-
tives of the people when it suited its caprice,
but a Parliament that claimed and asserted what
Coke well called the transcendent power to at-
taint a man even after he was dead and in his
grave,- and to attaint his children after him.
Sir, we are to be told that this House of Rep-
resentatives, made up of the mere servants of
the people, ia possessed of the omnipotence and
the transcendent power of the British Parlia-
ment over its own members.
This House has no power over its own mem-
bers save this, and I quote the words of the
Constitution:
"Bach House may determine the rules of its
proceedings, punish its members for disorderly
behavior, and with the concurrence of two thirds,
expel a member."
Finding nothing in this grant of power lim-
ited to the members of each House, and mani-
