1438
THE OOEG-RESSIOtf AL GLOBE.
February 18,
twenty-four, after the word "regards," to in-
sert 'tie Words,:" restrictions upon pay and
go as to read:
And &id professors,' 'are hereby placed upon the
same footing, as regards restrictions upon pay and
retirement from active service, as omeerli of the
' , • <
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was on page 6, line
one" Hundred and twenty-one, after the word
"^olktrs," to insert the "following proviso:
Provided. That three members of the House of
Representatives of the Forty-Third Congress, whose
credentials, in due form of law, have been duly filed
with the Clerk of the House of ^Representatives, in
accordance with the actof Congress approved March
8,186% shall be appointed by the Speaker of the
Hqu^e of Representatives members of the Board of
Visitors at the next annual examination to be held
at the Military Academy.
Mfr. WEST. I ask leave to perfect that
amendment by inserting the word " present"
oh line one' hundred and twenty-seven ; so
to read:
By the Speaker of the present House of Repre-
sentatives.
It is an inadvertence that it was left out.
The amendment to the amendment was
agi-e'ed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 8, to strike out
.lines one hundred and sixty-three and one
h'undred'andsixty-four,'in the words, " forquar-
ters for laundresses for company of engineers,
$5,000.'" '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SAWYER. I offerthe following amend
ment: to insert after the word "service," in
line twenty one, page 2, " in the Army and at
the Academy so as to read;
And hereafter there shall be allowed and paid, to
the said professors ten per Cent, of their current
yearly pay for eaoh and every term of five years-
service m the Army and in the Academy.
Mr. WEST. I do not know that there is
any objection to that amendment. It carries
out, what was the understanding in committee.
I believe there has been some construction put
upon the law by the Comptroller that requires
the insertipn of this amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like the Senator
from South Carolina to explain the precise
t.-ffect of the amendment.
Mr SAWYER. The object is simply to
provide that the professors shall have this in-
crease of pay for every five years of service,
whether that service be partly in the Army or
partly at the Academy, or entirely in the Army,
or entirely aUhe Academy. That is the whole
of it; so that incase an officer has been in the
Army say two years, and in the Academy three
years, he shall have his increase the same as
though he had been at the Academy the whole
five years or had been in the Army tlie whole
five years.
Mr. CASSERLY. Just now an amendment
was adopted which added $500 to the salary
of an Army officer while he is instructor of
ordnance. That amendment was justified on
the ground that the object of it was to defray
the additional expenses to which he was ex-
posed by assuming that duty. Now, if an offi-
cer m the Army is at less expense by $500 than
tie is while serving at a college or academy,
why should a professor, while serving in the
Army have the same expense which he would
have while serying at the Academy ? In other
words, what is the distinction between the
officer and the professor that makes it right in
the one case to allow $500 to the officer 5f the
Army, merely because he is serving at the
Academy, ana m the other case makes it right
"> allow an addition to a professor, whether he
" m" TM? Aorm-y 0r at tbe Academy ?
Mr. WES I. I he Senator does not exactly
comprehend the proposition.
*ir' S^n^^Y. Tilat is very probable.
Mr. WEST. It is to allow them an addi-
tional per cent, for every five years' service for
having served in the Army, not. during their
service, In the Army at all, but in consequence
of the fact that they have served five years in
•the Army, or five years in the Academy, or
five years in both ; that they shall then get this
increased compensation. It is one. of those
allowances that go to make up'to the profes-
sor the very thing that his already been ftiade
up to the officer of the Array.! That is to say,
it ik an allowance'given to the professors as a
compensation for their increased expenses at
the Academy, arid in lieu of other allowances
that were given them in the Army. For in-
stance, an officer of the Army has certain
facilities; a professor has nothing of that
kind. He is obliged to go there and live at an
expensive post, and he is restricted entirely in
his duties to, that extent that he cannot lecture
as many other professors do. This has been
the custom hitherto in connection with these
professors, and the amendment is only to cor-
rect a hiatus in the bill.: It has been the
practice there for years, as the Senator will
discover by referring to any preceding bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The professors are ap-
pointed by the President and the instructors
by the Secretary of War who must be from
the Army. The officer who is to receive the
major's compensation might be a lieutenant
appointed by the Secretary of War, and the
•object is to give him the pay of a major.
Mr. CASSERLY. Whatever understanding
I had of the amendment, I derived from the
explanation of the Senator from South Caro-
lina. While it may be true as suggested by
the Senator from Louisiana that I did not
understand the subject, it is also true that
having listened to him very attentively I do
not perceive that he has altered very mate-
rially the objection which I made based upon
the explanation of the Senator from South
Carolina. In other words, it appears that an
offiqer of the Army whose pay is $2,000 a year
while he is in the service of the Army should
have it increased by $500 while he is instructor
of ordnance at West Point; but a professor, it
seems, is to have an addition to his salary
whenever he has served five years, whether
that service was iu the Army or at West Point.
Mr. WEST. The officer of the Army has
the same thing.
Mr. CASSERLY. The whole point of my
question was, why it costs the professor just
the same to serve in the Army as to serve at
West Point? Why does the professor differ
from the officer in this respect, that while it
costs the officer $500 a year less while serving
in the Army than it does while he is serving
as instructor at West Point, yet when we come
to the professor we find that it costs him just
the same while serving' in the Army as while
serving at West Point? I ask for some explan-
ation of that apparent anomaly.
Mr. WEST. I have spoken once on this
amendment and do not wish to trespass again.
I will merely say that there are two different
parties serving at West Point; one, officers of
the Army who are still retained in the Army,
the others are professors who are taken from
outside of the Army, and therefore are not
governed by the rules of the Army with refer-
ence to their pay. The officer of the Army
who goes to West Point has the benefit of the
pay regulations of the Army that give him ten
per cent, additional for every five years' ser-
vice. The instructor of ordnance, who goes
there under the detail of,the Secretary of War,
gets his ten per cent, for his additional five
years' service; the professor is taken from
outside of the Army and that rule does not
apply to him. Therefore it has been the
practice wherever a professor was allowed any
additional pay that the rules of the Army
Bhonld apply to him, and it is the intention of
this bill also to make the rules of the Army
continue to apply to him.
The act of July 15, 1870, says:
prolessors Of the United States Mili-
the y' whos,e service m the Army and at
thepaytuoyio1fet'' Ic y " years'shali have
In this bill the effect of service in the Army
and at the Academy was omitted uninten-
tionally. It was omitted because it was not
considered requisite; it was omitted because
it was considered by the Department who con-
strued the law that they should be paid for five
years' additional service; but since the bill
has been reported' to the Senate there has
been a ruling of the Comptroller that if these
words were left out he could only pay for
■their service at the Academy. We undertake
not to put the Army officer on a par with the
professor, but the professor on a par with the
Army officer.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the amend-
ment be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
frossed and the bill to be read a third time.
'he bill was read the third timej and passed.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
693) to provide for the further endowment
and support of colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts, and the lib-
eral and practical education of the industrial
classes in the several pursuits and professions
in life, as established under an act of Congress
apprbved July 2, 1862, with an amendment, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
(he amendment of the House of Represent-
atives be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, according to the order
heretofore made. The Secretary will report
the title of the first bill on the Calendar at the
point where it is now to be resumed under the
Anthony rule.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2240) authorizing the extension
of the railway of the Metropolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let that go
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
henry, b. mears.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3366) for the relief of Henry B.
Mears; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It is a direction to the Bay-
master General to pay to Henry B. Mears,
late a first lieutenant in the thirty-sixth regi-
ment of Indiana volunteers, out of any money
appropriated or that may be appropriated for
the pay of the Army, the full pay and emolu-
ments of a first lieutenant of infantry in the
Army of the United States, from the 14th of
December, 1861, t<J October 19, 1862, deduct-
ing therefrom any sum received by him for
services rendered during that period in the
Army of the United States.
The bill was reported to thfe Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ALEXANDER DO (JO r, AS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1465) for the extension of a patent to
Alexander Douglas, of New York ; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
grants to Alexander Douglas, of New York
city, leave to make a new application to the
Commissioner of Patents for the extension of
the letters-patent granted to him, for an im-
provement in bustles, on the 2 fat of April,
