138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Gredit Mobilier—Mr. Bingham.
42b Cong....3d Sess.
festly to their conduct after becoming members
of the House which complains of them, gen-
tlemen go to the English Parliament to find
power not granted by the Constitution of the
United States to expel a member for acts com-
mitted long years before his election.
The gentlemen were very hard pressed in
this matter. They adduced a case of expulsion
by the Commons of Englan J upon conviction,
as I understand it; and my honorable friend
from New York, [Mr. Potter,] who is more
conversant with the case than I am, will please
correct me if I am wrong. I allude to the
case of Ward, referred to yesterday. The
Commons expelled the man upon conviction
of the crime of perjury committed twenty years
before his election. Am I right about that?
Mr. POTTER. Ward was expelled upon
a record of conviction, produced in the Par-
liament, which had been obtained daring that
same Parliament, for a crime committed before
the Parliament began; and the case of Atkin-
son was precisely similar in that respect. In
the case of Atkinson, I desire to say the motion
for expulsion was on the ground that the con-
viction would subject the person convicted to
disgraceful proceedings, and thereby disgrace
the Parliament, the punishment being at that
time to stand in the pillory, which would have
disgraced all his fellow-members.
Mr. BINGHAM. Now, Mr. Speaker, that
does not carry these gentlemen one step further
toward getting rid of the trouble that is now
upon them in the issue here joined. It does
not aid them even colorably in the assertion
of the right of a single House, without the
authority and sanction of a statute of the
United States, to work a forfeiture of the
office for an offense committed before elec-
tion, and whereof the party has not been
convicted; and it does not advance them one
single step, even colorably, toward justify-
ing this attempt upon the liberties and the
rights of the people. Why, sir, England, the
elder branch of our own House, taught the
Commons of England, that dared to tamper
with their rights in the case of Wilkes, to
which reference has been made here, a lesson
they are not likely soon to forget. They
expelled Wilkes, as has been said, for uttering
a libel, on the 3d day of February. On the
17th of February thereafter, just fourteen days,
the people of Middlesex county returned him
to the Commons. The Commons rejected
him, declaring he was ineligible by reason of
his expulsion. A pitiful plea has been made
in that case for a pitiful purpose by saying
they missed it in not saying they rejected him
on the second occasion by reason of a crime
he had committed, to wit, of libel.
They were notified, then, sir, by a man who
knew something of the English constitution
and who knew something of the temper and
polity of the English people, at the very
moment they were entering upon that miser-
able work of usurpation, that the Commons
was the guilty party. Edmund Burke then
declared:
"You say it is five hundred and thirty-eight men
against one man. The time may come when it will
be five hundred and thirty-eight men against the
county of Middlesex; and if you proceed in it the
time may come when it will be five hundred and
thirty-eight men against all the electors of Eng-
land."
The time did come, and in 1782 or there-
abouts. I willgive the citations to the reporter.
The Commons of England introduced that
word which has since been heard in our own po-
litical history, and wrote " expunged" over the
order of the House of Commons, and added to
it their sentence of condemnation. I refer,
sir, to May on Parliamentary Law, page 54.
" The House resolved that although a majority of
the eleotors had voted for Mr. Wilkes, Mr. Luttrell
ought to have been returned, and they amended the
return accordingly. Against this proceeding the
electors of Middlesex presented a petition, with-
out effect, as the House declared that Mr. Luttrell
was duly elected. The whole of these proceedings
were at the time severely condemned by public
opinion, and proved by unanswerable arguments to
be illegal."
Those arguments I have lying here, and may
add some of them to the report of my speech
by the leave of the House.
"And on the 3d of May, 1782, the resolution of the
17th of Eebruary, 1769, was ordered to be oxpunged
from thejournals as subversive of the rights of the
whole body of eleotors of this kingdom."
And that, sir, in regard to what? In regard
to the return of a member to the same House
of Commons and who had been expelled from
it. How immeasurably in advance of that is
this attempted usurpation, attempted now this
day to be set up here, of saying a Bepresenta-
tive of the people having all the qualifications
prescribed by the Constitution and by the
statute law of the United States, having also
been duly elected, is for all time to be held dis-
qualified by each successive House because
they would purify themselves. [Laughter.]
Sir, this usurpation had better begin with those
who are so pure that they propose their neigh-
bors shall be condemned in violation of an
oath, in violation of the written Constitution,
written laws, and precedents of this country.
If there is anything which makes a man im-
pure before God and man it ia for bira deliber-
ately and, in the words of the old law, "not
having the fear of God before his eyes, and
instigated by the devil," to break through the
restrictions of a written constitution, and in
violation of a recorded oath to assert a little
petty power in the form of usurpation which
he calls purification.
I read also from this book further, as I
desire simply to show, on the highest authority
in England, this power is not quite as claimed.
I admit the Commons of England time and
again usurped authority. I admit the Com-
mons of England proceeded to bring to the
bar the king himself, and pronounce judgment
agaiust him. I admit all that; but it does not
quite prove that to be the law of England,
or the Conststution of England, nor does it
prove such to be the Constitution and law of
the United States.
I read from May, page 54 :
" Expulsion and perpetual disability had been
part of the many punishments inflicted upon Arthur
Hall, in 1580; and on the 27th of May, 1641, Mr.
Taylor, a member, was expelled and adjudged to be
forever incapable of being a member of the House.
During the Long Parliament incapacity for serving
in the Parliament then assembled was frequently
part of the sentence of expulsion. In 1711 Mr.
Robert Walpole, on being reelected after his expul-
sion, was declared incapable of serving in the present
Parliament, having been expelled for an offense.
But all these cases can only be regarded as an excess
of its jurisdiction by the Commons; for one house
of Parliament cannot create a disability unknown
to the law."
There I leave the authority relied upon by
gentlemen xm the other side, so far as the
British Parliament is conccrned and so far
as the usurpations of the Commons of England
are concerned. If the gentlemen did not think
May good authority they should not have cited
him in their report. I think he is.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire the attention of
the House to the very matter in hand. We are
not. exercising the powers, as I said at the out-
set, of the Commons of England. We are exer-
cising here and now the powers of the Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America,
limited by the written Constitution of the peo-
ple of the United States, and, as I shall show
before I have done, by the statute law of the
United States. Here and now I ask the atten-
tion of the House to this fact, that the power
attempted to be asserted in respect of the
gentleman from New York and the gentleman
from Massachusetts is a power passed upon
by the Senate separately, passed upon by the
House separately, and both Houses jointly.
It has been solemnly determined that no such
power belongs to either House, to wit: to try
and expel a member of either body for offenses,
though infamous in their character, committed
before his election.
And allow me to say in passing, here, that
the statement of the alleged cHme being secret,
or unknown to the electors at the time of the
election, is without force. I respectfully
submit the secrecy of crime has nothing to
do with this question of power. Who author-
ized you, sir, to determine the fact that a
crime alleged to have been committed by a
member of this House ten years before his
election was secret, any more than the fact that
the crime was committed at all ? I trust the
House has caught my meaning. The assertion
that the crime alleged was unknown to his
electors is an assertion that can only be estab-
lished by testimony. What power has this
House either to assert or try any such fact?
It is a fact to be found by the committee if
they have power to find anything about it, and
quite as important according to their meaning
as is the other fact, whether a man is guilty or
not. 1 trust the House will see, if I am right
in what I have stated, that the allegation that
the crime was unknown is a most lame and
impotent conclusion.
Mr. Speaker., in support of my position I
ask attention to the case determined by the
Senate of the United States. I refer to the
case of Humphrey Marshall, determined in
1790, only seven years after the Government
was organized undei the Constitution, and de-
termined in the presence of many of the men
who framed that instrument, and who might
be supposed to understand it. The record in
the case discloses the fact that Humphrey
Marshall, a member of the Senate of the
United States, had been charged with perjury.
The ease had been duly brought to the knowl-
edge of the Senate, and the record discloses,
and the committee so report—
"Thosaid suit was tried eighteen months before
Mr. Marshall was chosen a member of the Senate,
and previous to his election mutual accusations had
taken place between him and the judges of the said
court relating to the same suit."
The committee then go on te make a report
upon the case, and the Senate sustained that
report by a vote of two to one; and from that
duy to this the Senate has never reversed its
decision. The committee say:
" Mr. Marshall is solicitous that a full investiga-
tion of the subject should take place in the Senate,
and urges the principle that consent takes away
error, as applying on this occasion, to give the Sen-
ate jurisdiction; but as no person appears to prose-
cute, and there is no evidence adduced to the Senate,
nor even a specific charge, the committee think any
further inquiry by the Senate would be improper.
If there were no objections of this sort the commit-
tee would still be of opinion that the memorial could
not be sustained. They think that in a case of this
kind no person can be hold to answer for an infamous
crime unless on a presentment or indictment of a
grand jury, and that in all such prosecutions the
accused ought to be tried by an impartial jury of
the State and district wherein the crime shall have
been committed.
" If in the present case the party has been guilty in
the manner suggested, no reason has been alleged
by the memorialists why he has not long since been
tried in the State and district where he committed
the offense. Until ho is legally convicted, the prin-
ciples of the Constitution and of the common law
concur in presuming that he is innocent. And the
committee are compelled, by a sense of justice, to
declare that in their opinion this presumption in
favor of Mr. Marshall is not diminished by the re-
criminating publications ot two men, who take no
Sains to conceal their personal rosentmcnt against
im.
" Whatever motives induced the Legislature of
Kentucky to call the attention of the Senate to tile
above-mentioned publications,theeommittee are of
opinion that, as the Constitution does not give juris-
diction to the Senate, the consent of the party cannot
give it, and that therefore the said memorial ought
to be dismissed."
From that day to this, sir, the Senate has
