1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1439
1867, for fourteen years from that date and
authorizes the Commissioner to consider and
determine the application in the same manner
and with, the same affect tfs if it had been
filed ninety days before the expiration of the
patent. , ,
The bill Was reported from the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office with an
amendment to strike out the following provisg
at the end of the bill:
Provided, That no damages shall be collected bf
any person for an infringement of said patent be-
tween the time of the expiration of said patent and
the time of the renewal of the same.
Arid to insert in lieu thereof:
Provifedy That any person who has commenced
the manufacture or use of said improvement since
th,e expiration of said patent shall be authorized _ to
continue such manufacture and use without liability
for infringement, as if this act had not been passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I have an
amendment t® offer. I move to add to the
bill the following:
And no damages shall be collected by any per-
son for an infringement of said patent between the
time of its extension and the date of its exten-
sion.
The amendment was agreed to. (
The bill was reported to the Senate -as
amended ; and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
frank si. ashton.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2873) authorizing the President to
permit Frank M. Ashton, late second assistant
engineer of the Navy of the United States, to
withdraw his resignation of that office ; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Naval Affairs with an amendment to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, and to insert the following:
That the President be, and is hereby, authorized,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint Frank M. Ashton a second assistant engin-
eer in the United States Navy, subject to the usual
examination*
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment He
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to rfead :
An act authorizing the President to appoint
Frank M. Ashton a second assistant engineer m the
Navy of tbe United States.
mears and moulton.
The next bill on the Calender was the bill
(H. R. No. 2864) for the relief of John W.
Mears, administrator of.the estate of Henry D.
Mears, dece^s<?d, and William Moulton, jr.;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. By the.bill, John W. Mears, adminis-
trator of the estate of the late Henry D. Mears,
and William Moulton, jr., will h^ve leave to
make a new application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of .the letters-
patent granted to the late Henry D. Mears and
Williapi Moulton, jr.-, July 14, 1857, for an
improvement i,n car-seals, for fourteen years
from that date, in the same manner as they
could have done at least ninety days before
the expiration of the patent, and the Commis-
sioner of ^Patents will be authorized to con-
sider and determine the application in the
same manner and with the same effect as it it
it had been filed ninety days before the expira-
tion of the patent. No damages are to be
collected by any person for an infringement
of the patent between the time of its expira-
tion and its extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
josiah george jennings.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1471) for the relief of Josiah George
Jennings; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that Josialh George
Jennings made application for a patent for an
improvement in water/closets, which applica-
tion was, after'due examination,'allowed by*
the Commissioner of Patents, on the 14th of
September, 1870, but became forfeited <m the
14th of March, 1871, by1 reason of tfie non-
payment of the'final fee of, twenty dollars r.as,
required -by law ; and that the failure of the-'
applicant to pay the final fee appears to bave;
resulted from ignorance and mistake, without
intentional neglect. The.bill therefore grants
Jennings leave to make payment of the final1
fee of twenty dollars in the matter; of, his ap-
plication for a patent for an improvement.in
water-closets, and the Commissioner of Parents'
is authorized, upon the payment of such fee
of twenty dollars, to issue the patent in the
same manner as if the fee had been' paid on or
before the 14th of March, 1871. , :
Tbe bill was reported from the Cpmmittee
on Patents and the Patent iOffiee with an
amendment, t,o strike out the followipgproviso.:.
Provided, That the term of the patent sy .granted
shall be limited to seventeen years from the 11th
day of March, A. D. 1871. And provided further.
That no person shall be held responsible in damages
for the manufacture or use of tbe invention covered
by such patent prior to tbe approval of this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof:.
Provided, That any .person who hfts commenced
the manufacture or use of said improvement since
the expiration of Said time for the payment of the
final fee shall be'authorized to continue such man-
ufacture or use without liability for infringement;
as if this act had not been passed.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I move to,
add to the amendment just read the following:
And no person shall be liable for an infringement
of said patent prior to the issue thereof herein au-
thorized.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The committee further proposed to amend
the preamble to the bill by striking out the
words :
As required by law ; and whereas the failure of
the applicant to pay the said final fee appears to
have resulted from ignorance and mistake, without -
intentional neglect.
And in lieu thereof t<? insert;
Whereas it appears tha.r thp said foe was placed
in the hands of his agents in due season, but by
neglect or mistake was not paid into the Patent
Office within the time required by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, aud passed.
BILLS ,PASSED OVER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1516) for the reliefof Asabel G. Bach-
elder and Mrs. Alsie M. Thompson.
Mr. DAVIS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
over.
The next bill on tbe Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3736) for the relief of the officers
and crew of the United States ship Wyoming.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
howard p. moffat.
Tbe next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1224) for the relief of Howard F.
Moffat; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It is an authority to the
President of the United States to nominate,
and, by and with the advice and .consent of
the Senate, to appoint, upon the retired list
of the Navy, with the rank of lieutenant, How-
ard P. M'offat, now a volunteer officer on the
active list of the Navy.
The bill was reported from the Comrnitlee
on Naval Affairs with an amendment in line
six to strike out the word "lieutenant" and
insert " master.'.'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear'the
report read.' ' * _
The Chief Clerk read the' following report,
submitted by Sir. Cragin on the ,4th instant:
The. Committee, on" Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred'Senate bill No. 1221,' for the r e! i e f. o fH o w a r rl
F. Mofi'au, have had the samfe'-nnd^r consideration,
aad.^sfclsave to.make the following-report;
Tji.e petitioner served in :the Navy coutinuoufcly
from .Til 1 y 31, 1861','unm January'], 1869, when 'he
\yii3 honorably (ligchsur'ged, after a' period' of more
fcjiai) seveji years' service, holding therankf of mate,
acting QpPign, and aoting master. His promotion, in
186S. was upon the recommendation of hiscommarid,-
ing omeei>. for.gallant conduct, in-'passing the Wtt-
teries of Vicksburg, .Mississippi, in-which action he
lostun arm--, - • .
On the'Wr of November, 1869,,he was appointed a
mate, and has held "that position-till the present
time,' and now, aaiv to be i>taeed on the retired list
of the Navy as a lieutenant, having acted in that
c'apacityfor five years together; as set forth in his
memorial. - -
The committee,have perused with pleasure the tes-
timonials of Commodore Sands, Commander Aldeny
and Admiral Farragut, bfferedin behalf tff this offi-
cer. all speaking in the highest terms of hi£-bravery
and,pfttriotjsm. He is indorsed for his energy,  ro-
bity. arid faithful attention to duty, and, having
been disabled, in service faithfully and voluntarily
rendered, to his country, we cordially recommend;
that he be appointed on the retired list of the Navy,
with the rank of master, and therefore "report the
bill* with amendment and ask its )
The' bill Was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed,
fof a third reading, read tbe third time, add
telegraphic cable to asia.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S No. 947) to encourage an,d promote tele-
graphic communication between America and
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have reported back again almost-the
same bill trom the House, and 1 ask to substi-
tute the House bill for this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that course will be pptrsiied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear this read
first.
Mr. HAMLIN. The two-bills are word for
word the same except jti the last section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want the bill read with
a view, to: objection. If a right to abject is
reserved, I do not oare.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the House bill.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2388) to encourage and promote telegraphic
communication between America and Asia."
The bill provides that the American and
East India Telegraph Company shall have the
right to construct, land, and maintain a lihe
or lines of telegraph or submarine cable op
the Pacific coast of the United States, to con-
nect the American and Asiatic coasts by tele-
graphic lines, wires, or submarine cables ; but
the company is to begin to lay the cable within
two years from the passage of the act.
In order to encourage and aid in the con-
struction of the telegraph, the Secretary of
the Navy is by the second section directed to
detail for the surveys and soundings oil and
along that portion of the Pacific coast' in
America and Asia where it is proposed to
establish the telegraph lines, one or more
steam vessels, to be at the disposal of the
compahy, to assist in surveys and soundings,
laying down'and submerging of cable, trans-
porting materials connected therewith, and
generally to" afford any assistance calculated
to promote the success of the enterprise.
The third section provides that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall at all times
have priority in tbe use of the lines of the
company for all diplomatic and Government
business ; and in order to secure the samefrom
injury by evil-disposed persons, to the inter-
ruption of public business, the Secretaries of
the Navy and of War are authorized to# direct
the commanders of military and naval districts
or stations traversed or occupied by the stations
or lines of telegraph or cable belonging to the
