1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
iu the field at any time, go into their offices,
inspect their books and papers, and see if they
:ue in fact enforcing the laws honestly. You
call them, I believe, supervisors of internal
revenue. The Secretary of the Treasury has.
another corps of agents to examine the banks
of the country, called bank examiners, and he
has another class of agents that we familiarly
style detectives, who are traveling over the
country constantly and dropping into the
offices of the revenue officers of the Govern-
ment, with a view of ascertaining whether the
subordinates are doing their duty.
There is another feature of this subject that
is worthy of consideration. I know there are
men in this country who are willing to donate
a portion of their time for the public welfare,
especially if they think that by that contribu-
tion of their time and talent they may elevate
the human race and make men wiser and better,
and I suppose this board of commissioners,
composed of gentlemen all of whom I believe
are attached to some of the Christian churches,
are very willing to donate a portion of their
time; but, sir, there are very few men who
are willing to give the whole of their time,
year in and year out, for a series of years,
without some sort of compensation. There
may be a few, but the most of them find that
they have to live and support their families
and take care of their private interests, and a
very large proportion of their time must neces-
sarily be absorbed in that way; and hence they
recommend that inspectors shall be appointed
who shall be paid a fair living salary, a salary
large enough to command that class or that
grade of talent, that grade of men, so to speak,
who will not easily be overcome by tempta-
tion. This is the result of their experience;
this is their judgment on the subject.
Senators say that this question is sprung on
the Senate, that it ought to be considered ma-
turely. Why, sir, this question has been before
the Senate for the last two years, and this very
feature of the subject; aiid the Senate did its
part in enacting a law on the subject substan-
tially like this amendment. It passed the
Senate, and was suspended on a motion to
reconsider made by the honorable Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] the author now of
this proposition. At that time he doubted the
wisdom of the policy. The Senator from
Nevada himself moved to reconsider the bill
after it had passed the Senate near the close
of the session, and it was then hung up until
the Senate adjourned; and that bill failed to
become law. It was considered maturely in
the Committee on Indian Affairs and discussed
largely in this body. But after mature reflec-
tion the honorable Senator from Nevada, who
defeated the proposition at that time, has be-
come convinced that he was wrong. He is
now convinced that this kind of inspection is
necessary. I do not doubt that he is right.
I think there is a provision for a larger num-
ber of men than are necessary; I think the
salary proposed is larger than is necessary ;
but it is an easy matter to reduce the number
of appointees to be provided for by this propo-
sition, aud also to reduce the compensation.
I am of the impression that the salary ought
not to be larger than that paid to_ the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, which is $3,000 a
year. If you pay their traveling expenses, a
salary of $3,000 a year, in my opinion, will
command as good talent as can be procured
for this kind of service in the country; and
if it is deemed wise and no one else shall make
the motion, I shall move, at the proper time,
to reduce the amount to $3,000 instead of
$■5,000, and also to limit the number of in-
spectors. I do not think that seven are neces-
sary. There are seventy-two regular agencies
and perhaps eight or ten sub-agencies. If there
were five inspectors appointed aud. there were
seventy-five agencies, it would be fifteen to
each individual. It would not be a very diffi-
cult thing, I think, for an active man to visit
fifteen agencies twice a year. It might be very
difficult to visit that many twice a year at some
remote point, but many of them are accessible
by rail; and wherever they are, one man could
visit more than the number I 'have indicated.
I think from three to five would be enough.
There are some of the agencies that it might
not be very important to inspect in this par-
ticular mode. Take for instance the agency
in New York. The Indians there are pretty
well civilized, and they take care of their own
interests. It would be about as hard to cheat
them out of a dollar's worth of goods as it
would be to cheat an ordinary white man, and
if the agent defrauds them the country will
come to know it. It would not be necessary,
I imagine, to hire a man to go there and in-
spect that agency twice a year. There are
other agencies similarly located, surrounded by
civilized people, that occupy a comparatively
narrow compass of land, where, if there are
frauds perpetrated, the neighbors who live
around the Indians would be almost sure to
be advised of the fact. But for the remote
parts of the country, Arizona, New Mexico,
and Washington Territory, in my opinion this
mode of inspection would be very wise and
beneficial. I should be glad if the mover of
this proposition would agree to reduce it to
the proper dimensions, and that the Senator
who is in charge of the measure would per-
mit it to go on this bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I am
glad to hear the honorable Senator from Min-
nesota who has charge of this bill admit that
some remedy for existing and increasing evils
in the management of our Indian affairs is
urgently demanded. My support of the pend<
ing amendment is strengthened by th® remarks
of the Senator that a board of inspectors to
look after and examine into the accounts and
conduct of Indian superintendents and agents
might be productive of much good, and would
under other circumstances have received his
approval. I rejoice to know, then, that the
point of difference between the Senator and
myself is not upon the necessity or expediency
of the measure contemplated by the amend-
ment, but relates only to the time and mode
of its presentation. The Senator agrees with
me that some remedial legislation is required
to protect the Government against existing
abuses and alarming increase of public ex-
penditures for the Indians. The Senator
thinks that the Committee on Indian Affairs
should have considered and perfected the
legislation proposed by this amendment; that
the amendment should not be attached to an
appropriation bill. Perhaps that might have
been better. But that was not done. I fear
it never will be done unless it is attached to
the Indian appropriation bill.
I think the Senator from Minnesota wholly
misconceives both the intendment of this
amendment and the consequence of its adop-
tion. I differ, toto ccelo,- with the Senator in
his assumption that this amendment contem-
plates dispensing with the board of Indian
petfte commissioners. It has no such purpose.
It looks to no such objeet. It will be followed
by no such result. The intendment of the
amendment is in entire harmony with the
object proposed to be accomplished by the
board of Indian peace commissioners. Both
look to the humane protection of the Indians.
Both look to integrity in the administration of
our Indian affairs. I doubt not that the Pres-
ident of the United States was impressed,
during his long residence on the frontier,
while an officer of the Army, with the wrongs
and injustice perpetrated upon the Indians.
I should not be surprised that it was the per-
sonal observation of the President, while a
lieutenant in the Army, of the outrages which
he saw then committed on the Indians, that
prompted his inauguration of the Indian peace
policy when he became afterward Chief Magis-
trate of his country. I think that recom-
mendation a wise and just one, and as far as I
can I shall always yield it a ready and willing
support.
His plan, as I comprehend it, contemplated
a board of commissioners composed of prac-
tical, enlightened, benevolent, upright men,
whose philanthropy would prompt them to
become supervisors of our Indian polity. They
were to visit in person the Indians on their
reservations; to examine into their condition
and their wants ; to be olothed with supervis-
ing power in the making of contracts and to
make purchase of supplies for the Indians ; to
see to the fulfillment of treaty obligations;
to look to the fidelity and integrity of the
agents and superintendents. In a word they
were to become a new and potent agency for
civilizing and ameliorating the condition' of
the Indians ; by the aid of missionaries from
all our religious denominations to elevate the
condition ot'the red man socially, morally, and
religiously. The inauguration of this board
looked to peace and kindness, rather than to
oppression and force, as active instrumental-
ities in civilizing all the Indian tribes on our
American domain. It looked also to active
religious influences of all denominations in
their reclamation. The service of this pro-
posed board was to be entirely gratuitous.
They were to make reports from time to time
to the President of the United States of their
official labors, accompanied by suggestions as
to necessary measures for the success of the
plan proposed. Besides, this board was as
far as possible to become an active agency in
suppressing all corruption and reforming all
abuses in the administration of Indian affairs.
Three years have passed since this policy
of the President took shape. A board of nine
or ten eminent philanthropists of enlightened
and enlarged practical experience were ap-
pointed by the President and soon entered
actively upon the discharge of their duties.
Pour annual reports of the active labors of
this board, as made by them to the President,
are now before Congress and the country. A
reference to these papers will demonstrate the
success which has marked their efforts in ele-
vating and civilizing the Indians. It is no
empty compliment to say that the labors and
efforts of this board have been of incalculable
advantage, not only to the Indians, but to the
country at large.
Mr. President, the civilization and Chris-
tianization of the red man must be the work
of time. It cannot be done in a day or a
year; but the experience of the past three
years and the beneficent results which have
marked the labors of the peace commissioners,
aided by the missionary efforts of the religious
denominations of almost every sect, give hope
of the rich fruition of the ultimate reclama-
tion and salvation of the red man. Striking
and wonderful illustrations are to be found in
the reports already alluded to in support of
such a hope.
But a vast deal remains to be done. The
Senator from Minnesota says he supposed that
the various religious denominations of our
country were to send forth missionaries, who
were gratuitously to undertake the spiritual
regeneration of these unfortunate people.
And have they not done bo, sir ? If my friend
had been present at a meeting of the board of
peace commissioners held in this city a year
ago, and had then heard, as I did, representa-
tives of the various religious missionary denom-
inations who have been laboring amongthe In-
dians throughout our western domain rise and
give their glowing account of the rich results
of missionary work in the conversion and
civilization of the Indiana, I am sure he would
have hailed it as a glorious triumph of mis-
sionary effort over nomadic superstition and
barbarism. Individual instances of Indian
warriors were cited, who less than three years
before had been on the war-path, and had within
a year past thrown away their tomahawks and
