476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
were now sincere emissaries in the work of
the spiritual regeneration of their own race.
Mr. President, the Senator fun Miunerota
does not seem to comprehend ihe object and
design of this amendment. It do s not antag-
onize with or supersede the board of peace
commissioners. If it did it could never re-
ceive my support. Upon the coutrary, it car-
ries out one of the recommendations made in
the last report of that board.
They suggest as a subject of paramount
importance, to insure and perfect the system
of reform in the Indian service, a board of
five inspectors, charged with the duty of visit-
ing each tribe once in a year, to examine into
accounts, mode of doing business, and the
conduct and management of the officers and
employes of the Government; see that treaty
stipulations are kept by the United Srates,
adopt such measures as will preserve the
peace, examine into the educational progress
of the Indians, hear their complaints, right
their wrongs, and witness the proper delivery
of their annuities to the Indians. These in-
spectors will be selected by the President and
confirmed by the Senate. They will be
empowered to remove dishonest, corrupt, or
faithless agents or superintendents. The ]
peace commissioners recommend that these i
inspectors should be men of high character,
and should receive a compensation to give
their exclusive time and attention to their
duties. All useless superintendencies should
be discontinued.
Does the Senator from Minnesota believe
that the peace commissioners would have i
made this recommendation unless they had
believed the public interest and the interest
of the Indians demanded it? Would such
men as Brunot, Welsh, Stuart, Campbell,
Tobey, Farwell have recommended a board of
inspectors unless inspection was essential ?
But the Senator says he thought that all this
Indian work was to be gratuitous, that all this
missionary work was to be gratuitous ; and so
it has been. But the good Book tells us, "The
laborer is worthy of his hire." The gentle-
men of the peace commission have agreed to
undertake the work they have performed so
well without any compensation. So the mis-
sionaries perform their work without Govern-
ment pay. But when these peace commis-
sioners, from personal observation, recom-
mend a more strict inspection by honest, men
to be selected by the President, of our Indian
affairs, and suggest these inspectors shall be
paid, shall we hesitate on the score of dollars
and cents when millions may be saved ? Mr.
President, if we propose to give to this peace
policy toward the Indians a fair trial, let us
carry out the suggestion of these benevolent
and enlightened commissioners embodied in
this amendment.
In no other way can we legislate wisely or
well. We must look to our peace commis-
sioners for suggestions as the basis of our
legislation. The great diversity of the Indian
tribes and the diverse degrees of the civiliza-
tion of the tribes render uniform general legis-
lation impracticable. Laws suitable for the
Apaches would not be applicable to the Sioux,
and vice versa as to the various tribes. Each
tribe must be regulated by special and partic-
ular regulations. But the last report of the
peace commissioners makes several special
recommendations which it becomes our duty
to carry out. One of them is the necessity
for these inspectors, five of whom are deemed
sufficient. It seems to me if five honest men
can be found by the President that good must
flow from this amendment. If we can prop-
erly disregard this recommendation of the
board, why not all ?
I support the amendment as a measure to
prevent fraud upon the Treasury of the United
States. I think these contemplated inspectors,
if honest men, will see unnecessary leaks
stopped, and many appropriations now made
will be reported as unnecessary. I see no
force in the objection of the Senator of Min-
nesota that this is not the time. Why not?
If we fail now, we will never do it. I have a
right to say so, I think, from what the honor-
able Senator tells of his experience. He has
I been trying for years, he says, to have these
inspectors appointed. If with his experience
and influence he has failed to accomplish it,
how can we hope for success unless we make
au appropriation dependent on the success of
the amendment? I do not propose, if I
can help it, to allow this Indian appropriation
bill to pass without some safeguard like that
proposed by this amendment.
The peace commissioners ask for the pas-
sage of this amendment. Their recommenda-
tion implies that there are irregularities in the
Indian service that they cannot reach. They
suggest to us how, in their opinion, these ir-
regularities can be corrected. I shall not
hesitate a moment in the discharge of what I
believe to be my duty, but shall vote for this
amendment, and I trust that it may be put on
this bill. I think we shall by our action ren-
der the country a service, aud I am sure the
Indians will be benefited. Had I any doubt,
the report of the peace commissioners, writ-
ten, I doubt not, by Mr. Brunot, whom I would
rejoice to see the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, would cause me to yield the measure
my ready support.
With his experience in Indian affairs, his
visits to the frontier, and his knowledge and
observation of the administration among the
Indians of their affairs; actuated, too, in his
tedious travel of thousands of miles by noth-
ing but a high and noble philanthropy to these
unfortunate people and a desire to discharge
his trust to the Government in seeing that the
money appropriated for the benefit of the In-
dians is not thrown away, I think Congress
owes it to him and his associates on the board
promptly to carry out his recommendations by
the adoption of this amendment.
I agree entirely with the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] that the number of inspectors
should be reduced to five. I have no doubt
five are ample. I doubt not the President
can find five upright gentlemen of high char-
acter who will undertake to give their entire
time to this work, and who will see that these
Indians are protected and no more money is
appropriated than the just requirements of
the service demand.
Senators speak of the increase of offices and
the expense incurred by additional office-hold-
ers proposed by this amendment. I believe
we shall save thousands if we get honest in-
spectors. I cannot doubt that. It is utterly
impossible that the board of peace commis-
sioners could perform this service. It was
never intended they should. The inspectors,
however, will give their whole time and atten-
tion to it, and the same inspector will not
examine the same reservation or superintend-
ency. Besides, all these inspectors will be
under the supervisors of the board of peace
commissioners, and no one doubts their ability
or purity of character.
I confess I have had no experience in our
Indian policy. But I feel a deep interest and
sympathy for these poor red men. They have
been the subjects of injustice and oppression
for many long years, and in return have cost
the nation both blood and treasure. I hope
a brighter day is dawning on us and on them.
I should rejoice to see them all collected on
the vast Indian territory with their own homes,
subje** io moral and civilizing influences, and
safe iron further cupidity and outrage. The
greed for gold will never let them rest on
our mineral lands. Far better to consecrate
the vast Indian territory to them and resolve
to protect them in its enjoyment and do
all in our power for their civilization and
reclamation
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I am glad to see so much unanimity of senti-
ment on the policy denominated as the Indian
policy adopted by the Administration, and I do
not know that I am at all hostile to the design
of this amendment. On the whole I am rather
inclined to think that if it can be put into
proper relations with the existing state of things
it may work well. The only regret I have to
express about it is that so much of a propo-
sition as this, so largely affecting the interests
of the Indians and of the Government as it
i must, should not have been referred to the
proper committee, the Committee on Indian
Aflairs, at a time and under circumstances
which would have enabled that committee to
give it their consideration and to bring it into
proper relations with the present existing
; state of things.
It is obvious enough that the Senate of the
United States ought not to consider for one
moment the idea of the appointment of a large
number of persons to inspect the Indian
agencies twice a year. The number here is
unlimited; it may be equal to the whole num-
ber of agencies.
Mr. STEWART. No; it is limited to seven.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I had not
read that part of the amendment, but seven is
, quite too large a number in my judgment.
[ The object is inspection, a more careful in-
! spection of the conduct of the agents at these
particular agencies. Well, Mr. President, that
1 was a duty, to be sure, devolved upon the com-
| mis8ioners, not the specific duty ; but, in gen-
eral terms, a general supervision was implied
in the Indian commission. But I hardly think
it is reasonable to expect that gentlemen who
are influenced by benevolent and philanthropic
considerations, such as influenced these people,
all men of very high character, who have now
been engaged in it for three or four years and
expended a great deal of time, and to my cer-
tain knowledge some of them a great deal of
money outside of anything provided by law—
I say it is hardly to be expected that these men
will spend as much time as would be involved
in the duty required by this amendment. If,
therefore, it is the judgment of the Senate that
this duty is a proper one for the protection of
the Treasury, then I agree with my honorable
friend from Kentucky that it is well that the
persons to perform it should be appointed by
the President and that a salary should be fixed
for their compensation; but I am by no means
satisfied that a larger number than five is at all
necessary for that purpose.
Mr. STEWART. 1 will accept that modifi-
cation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I move
that the number shall be fixed thus : " a num-
ber not exceeding five."
Mr. STEWART. Very well. My amend-
ment says " not exceeding seven." I will just
put "five" in place of ''seven.''
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to strike
out "seven" and insert "five."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Nevada accepts that modification.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make a further
suggestion to strike out'' $5,000'' as the salary
and insert " $3,000." I make that suggestion
for this obvious reason: no one would think,
I take it, of placing an agent whose duty it will
be simply to visit these agencies on a tour of
inspection, above the head of the bureau, and
the head of the bureau has but $3,000. Then
it must be considered that the expenses of
travel are provided for. I move, therefore,
to strike out "five" and insert "three," if it
is in order, and I submit to the Senator whether
he will not accept that modification, so as to
make the salary $3,000 per annum.
Mr. STEWART. If it is the judgment of
the Senate that $3,000 will get the requisite
services I have no objection ; but there is no
use in having this service done at all unless it
is done by men of the very first character.
