140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit MobiUer—Mr. Bingham.
42d Cong....3d
I was very glad to give my vote as I did for
the repeal of that oath, so that any man might
be admitted to a seat here upon the modified
statute as it now stands. I am referring to
this subject with no purpose to wound the feel-
ings of any man on this floor, no.matter what
part lie may have taken in the rebellion. I
have said more than once, at other times and
in other places, that in the rebellion citizens
of the highest character followed the standard
of revolt from the beginning of the struggle to
the end, acting upon the highest motive which
can control the conduct of living man, a con-
viction that obedience to the will of the State
required it. While I think that idea was a
mistake, I honor the man who will follow his
honest convictions, as I despise the man that
will not.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Was the passage of
the test-oath act a usurpation of power ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I say that in that act Con-
gress went to the verge of its legislative power.
Mr. HEREFORD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman one question.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is it?
Mr. HEREFORD. Does not the right to
expel a member involve the same principle as
the power to refuse to allow a member to take
his seat for acts committed prior to his elec-
tion ? And has not the gentleman voted to
refuse to allow men to take their seats on ac-
count of acts committed prior to their elec-
tion ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I never did any such
thing. Nor is the power of expulsion the
same as to judge of the election of a member.
Mr. HEREFORD. Has not this House
time and again refused to admit men to seats
here on account of acts committed before their
election ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman must not
take my time. If any wrong has been done in
refusing admission to a seat, that cannot
furnish justification for this proposed usurpa-
tion of power. The committee refer to the
act of 1853, punishing the bribery of members
and punishing the members bribed, which act
concludes with the provision that it shall be
a part of the penalty of the crime that the
person convicted shall no longer be eligible to
any office of trust or profit under the United
States. No comment is made upon this pro-
vision by the committee in their report. Yet
this is a legislative construction directly
against the position which they assume. The
act of 1853, to which the committee refer,
contains this provision :
" And the person so oonvicted of so accepting or
receiving the same or any part thereof, if an officer
or person holding any such place of trust or profit
as aforesaid, shall forfeit his office or place; and
any person so convicted under this section shall for-
ever be disqualified to hold any office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States."
The same is the provision of the act of 1862.
What was this but a confession by the two
Houses of Congress that there was no way
under the Constitution to prevent hereafter a
citizen of the United States, of full age, resi-
dent within the State and duly elected, from
qualifying and holding a seat here even after
conviction for bribery, without a law making
the forfeiture of his office and of his privilege
to be elected to any office in future a part of
the penalty for his crime ? I say again this
House alone cannot pass laws. The law pun-
ishing bribery requires convictiou by a jury
trial before the party becomes disqualified to
be thereafter electcd to and hold a seat in
Congress.
It is so declared in that act. I see gentle-
men smile. Legislative construction has often-
times been held quite as authoritative as judi-
cial construction. There it stands in the act
of 1858. The same, thing staads in the act
of 1862. Now comes the final act which shows
to this House and shows to the country that I
am right in this position ; and asserting what
I do this day, I but echo back to this House
the voice of millions of freemen who are to
judge this question, and who have the care of
their own Constitution and their own laws, and
of their own right of representation in their
keeping.
When the conflict was ended in the triumph
of the arms of the Republic and the supremacy
of the Constitution was restored it was the
declared judgment of two thirds of the House
and of two thirds of the Senate that uo man in
either body—taking of course, as I said before,
the oath that he did not voluntarily bear arms—
was disqualified under the Constitution from
holding office as a Representative in the House
or as a Senator in the Senate for treason with-
out an amendment of the Constitution. Hence,
two thirds of each House so declared and put in
the fourteenth amendment in the third section
the povision that—
'"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or eleotor of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath, a,8 a member of Congress,
or as an officer of the United Suites, or as a member
of auy State Legislature or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of tho United States, shall have engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the same, or given aid
or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove
suoh disability."
It was a solemn ruling of two thirds of the
House and of two thirds of the Senate that as
the Constitution stood a man however guilty
of his country's blood, although he may have
been guilty of treason—that crime is not em-
braced in your acts of 1803 and 1853, part of
the penalty being perpetual disqualification
from office—would be entitled to a seat on
this floor, or to a seat on the floor of the Sen-
ate. That issue you sent to the people of the
country. By an unbroken voice from Maine
to California the people of every State of the
Union declared that this amendment of the
Constitution was essential to enlarge the
powers of either House to exclude men
from its deliberations.
It is not needful for me to argue whether it
was wise or unwise. It was the solemn declara-
tion of each House and the people, unless the
Constitution be so amended, a mau convicted
of treason and pardoned would be eligible to
a seat in this House and in the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. That re-
sults from the pardon itself.
Mr. BINGHAM. It may result from the
pardon itself, but it would not if this provision
were in. The provision limits the pardoning
power in the case to the joint action of Con-
gress as to the qualifications for office.
Gentlemen cannot escape the conclusion that
by the decision of the Senate the authority as-
sumed here was rejected and that decision never
reversed ; that by the decision of the House the
authority assumed here was rejected and never
reversed ; that by legislative construction of
the Constitution in the enactments of the
acts of1853 and 1862 the declaration is solemnly
made no such power exists to superadd qual-
ifications to those prescribed in the Consti-
tution for a Representative in Congress with-
out a law and that stands with the text of the
authority read by me this day from May that
the Commons of England had not power to ex
elude any man on the score of disqualification
without the authority of law. The Commons
alone could not make it. This House alone
can never make a law. The Senate alone can
never make a law. And finally the whole peo-
ple of the United States have settled the ques-
tion as I have shown by amending the Con-
stitution. There the argument stands.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have the spectacle
presented to day of a gentleman, for whom I
have much respect personally, from the State
of Tennessee, rising in his place and asking
this House to go back five years and pronounce
judgment on a Representative from Massa-
chusetts, and pronounce judgment on a Rep-
resentative from New York, for an offense
alleged to have been committed by each of
them at that time, by one gentleman as a
Representative of this House and by the other
of them as the United States Director of the
Union Pacific railroad. The gentleman from
Tennessee ought to have remembered the
Constitution of his couutry had made pro-
vision for his own case.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire a few minutes
longer.'
Mr. DICKEY. I move the gentleman has
ten minutes longer.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee ought to have recollected that the
Constitution of his country had decided this
question of law against him ; that, the Senators
of the United States and the Representatives
of the people had by their solemn acts decided
it against him.
In 16 Statutes-at-Large is found the act,
under the Constitution, removing the disabil-
ities of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr,
Whitthobnej to enable him to take his seat
upon this floor. Let the gentleman, in his
cooler moments, reflect upon the golden rule—
do as you would be done by.
Mr. Speaker, I have very hurriedly and very
imperfectly presented this great issue to the
Representatives of the people. I pray them to
consider that the question they are trying this
day is not the question so much of the right of
the two gentlemen from Massachusetts' and
New York [Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks] who
are charged with bribery here by this commit-
tee without, in my judgment, sufficient evi-
dence to sustain the charge; but it is the right
of the whole people that is on trial here—their
right to representation on this floor in the mode
and manner prescribed by their own Constitu-
tion and their own laws?
Mr. Speaker, the right of representation is
one of the rights to secure which the war of
the Revolution was waged; the right of repre-
sentation in the mode prescribed by them-
selves is a right secured to the people in the
first article of their Constitution. I ask gen-
tlemen to consider to day, in the words of
Burke, when addressing the Commons of
England, if you are capable of being bribed,
you are tendered upon this issue the liberties
of your country. I trust that the judgment
of this House will be, whatever may be said
elsewhere, that the inviolability of the Con-
stitution, the inviolability of the right of a free
people to be represented according to their
own choice, subject only to the limitations of
their laws, shall be maintained, and that the
rights of each member shall be respected, not
only his official rights, but his citizen rights.
For myself, sir, whatever else may be said, i
am ready here and now to record my vote,
and by my vote to notify all comers that i
offer no victim to the mob through a violated
oath, and a violated Constitution.
NOTE BY ME. BINGHAM.
" Between the years 1640 and 1648 there were num-
erous expulsions, [by the Commons, of England.] In
the end, this House [of -Commons] was expelled by
the majority until the minority expelled the major-
ity, until it was reduced to forty-six members. Shall
we, sir, have the Treasury's security that we shall not
be reduced to the same number? You expel your
own members ; you must, at last, expel the Lords-
heaping injustice upon injustice, as if you would
scale heaven. They did abolish the Houseof Lords,
they did behead the king."—Edmund Bwrkc; Sir R.
Cavendish's Debates, vol. 1, pp. 425-26.
