im
THE CON0RESSIGNAL GLOBE.
February 18,
company, and other officers acting under the
authority of the United States, to use any'force
at their command to protect the same. These
lines of telegraph are to b? open at all times
to the piublic arid,to any other company, upon
the' payment, of jEhe regular charges for the
transmission, of dispatches, excepting when in
use by the Government of the United States.
Seetion four provides that the better to pro-
mote and facilitate international intercourse
and the public interest. Congress may at any
time repeal the act for neglect on the part of
the company, to fulfill and comply with the
conditions herein expressed.
The Committee . ou Foreign Relations re-
ported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section two,
line three, to strike out' the word " shall" and
insert the words "is hereby authorized to;"
so as to read, "the Sceretary of the Navy is
hereby authorized to detail, &c."
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. R0BERTSON. I ask the Senator who
has this bill in charge, is there any subsidy
from the Government connected with it ?
Mr, HAMLIN. None whatever.
The liextairiendroent of the Committee on
Foreign Relations was in, section four, after
the word " repeal " to, insert the words " alter
or amend,"'and also, to strike out the words
"for n^gleet pn the na'rt of the company to
fulfill arid comply with the conditions herein
expressed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The iiext amendment was to strike out the
fifth section, in the following words :
Sec. 5. That this act shall take effect immediately.
The amendment, w^s agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I would
inquire if there is any provision in this bill
fixing the time within whioh the work shall be
completed? ; •
Mr. HAMLIN'. It provides that they shall
(suramence laying the cable within two years.
_Mr, FERRY, of Connecticut. Is there any-
thing, about the completion of it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; there is nothing
about the completion.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think there
ought to be a provision of that kind in the
bill,
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a good deal of
difficulty in telling what period of time will be
necessary with ordinary and fair dispatch.
Ihe time of commencement is fixed in the
bill..
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed;, and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the Senate bill on this subject, Senate
bill No. 947 will be regarded as postponed
indefinitely.
THOMAS WARKER's PATENT.
f, Tie next bill on the Calendar was the bill
u R. No.^ 3135) for the relief of Thomas
arker; which was considered as in Commit-
'be Whole. ^ directs the Commissioner
ot .Patents to grant a hearing of the appli-
cation ot Thomas Warker for the extension
ot letters-patent granted to Mm on the 27th
of April, 1858, for improvement in apparatus
lor generating acid gas; and he is author-
ized to revive and extend the letters-patent
ft ^ or^er<-teArm-?f,ieven years> fro"> and
after the 27th of April, 1872, if in hi's judgment
the' patentee was the original and first inventor
ol the invention described in the letters-pat-
ent, and the invention is useful, and the pat-
entee has failed, without neglect or fault on
his part, to obtain, from the use and sale of
the invention, a reasonable remuneration for
the time, ingenuity, labor, and expense be-
Btowed upon it and its introduction into use;
and the letters-patent, when so revived and
extended, is to have the same effect in law a,?
if it had ,been originally granted for .the term
of twenty-one years.
The Committee on Patents reported the bill
with an amendment to add the following pro-
viso: :
Provided, That any person who his commenced
the use or manufacture of saidimprovement sinee
the expiration of said patent shall be authorised to
continue such manufacture'and use, without lia-
bility for infringement, as if this act had not been
passed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. • I move to
amend the amendment by adding the fol-
lowing :
And no person shall be liable for an infringement
of said patent betweiea the time of its expiration
and tlie date of the extension herein authorized.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the-amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and pissed.
E. P. TORREY AND W. B. TILTON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1522) for the relief of E. P. Torrey
and W. B. Tilton; which was read the second
time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to grant Lea,ve to Edward
P. Torrey, of the city of New York, and Wil-
liam B. Tilton, pf Newbtiryport, Massachu-
setts, to make a pew application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the extension of the
letters-patent granted to them for an Improve-
ment in door-springs on the 8th of September.
1857, and reissued February 10, 1863, for
fourteen years from the first mentioned date ;
and the Commissioner of Paterits is authorized
to consider .and determine such application in
the same manner and witjh the same effect as
if it had beeti'filed ni,nety 44ys before the ex-
piration ot the patent; but no damages are
to be collected of any person fop an infringe-
ment of the patent between the time of the
expiration of the patent and the time of its
renewal.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, resid the third time, and passed*
HEIRS OP TJRIAH FORREST.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S- No. 1523) for the relief of Ann Green and
Maria Bohrer, heirs-at-law of Lieutenant
Colonel Uriah Forrest.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read in that case.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
Mr. NORWOOD. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Vermont that the report is a very
long one, but the faets in this ease are con-
tained on part of the first and second pages,
and I presume that is all that it is necessary
to read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course all that I re-
quire is that which relates to this case.
Mr. NORWOOD. That portion of the
report gives all the faets. There is a discussion
of the general principles which follows that
as a part of the case.
The Chief Clerk read from the report of
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, sub-
mitted by Mr. Norwood on the 5th of Feb-
ruary, as follows:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mrs. Aon Green and
Mrs. Maria Bohrer, of the District of Columbia, ask-
btfdue to Lieutenant cXneUIriah 'lorresf"fthe
tion the ?ame nrtder considera-
addiir.M??h^'kf examination of the evidence
madVhv' M fe ed,ve to adopt the following report
made by Mr. Johnston to the Senate at the third
session Forty-First Congress, as expressive pf their
views: ,
In tfle Senate of the Unitkd States,
Ordered to be.priijted. January 23,1871.
Mr. Johnstox made the following report, to ac-
company bill S, BFo. 1239:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mrs. Ann Green and
Mrs. Maria Bohrer, of the District of Columbia, ask-
ing to be allowed the arrears of half pay claimed to
be due to Lieutenant Colonel Uriah Forrest, of the
Maryland line of the revolutionary war, resepect-
fully report:
That it appears from papers on file in the State
Department, extracts from which accompany this
report, that Uriah Forrest was a major in the Mary-
land line; that his commission was dated 1st Janu-
ary, 1777; that he was afterward promoted to the
rank of lieutenant colonel, his commission dating
17th April, 1777, and that he remaimed in service a-s
lieutenant colonel until the close of the war; that
the said Uriah Forrest died on the 8th of July, 1805,
without having received the half pay due him
under the resolution of Congress of the 21st October.
1780, and without having received the live years'
full pay provided for by the law of 22d March, 1783.
whioh declared tha,t the officers who were entitled
to half pay for life might receive in Jieu thereof five
years' full pay in money or in securities bearing in-
terest at the rate of six per cent.
It is Droved by the affidavits of W. W. Corcoran,
JamesDunlop, and Anthony Hyde, filed with this
report, that the memorialists, Ann Green and Maria
Bohrer, are the daughters and only heirs-at-law of
said Uriah Forrest. ,
The facts of the case are clearly established; there
is no doubt in regard to the fact that Uriah Fori e;-1,
was a lieutenant colonel in the Maryland line, and
served to the close of the revolutionary war. It is
equally clear that the memorialists are his heirs-at-
law.
The subject of the claims of officers and soldiers of
the revolutionary army has been often before Con-
gress. The last report made on the subject w;ts
made from this committee, on the 5th March, 1853,
by Mr. Oragen. That report, and the various re-
ports made part of it, are adopted as part of this
report, to be printed with it.
It will be seen in all of them that the validity of
claims of this character is fully recognized.
Your committee concur in the opinions and con-
clusions enunciated in those reports. The resolvo-
of October 21, 1780, and other acts of Cong'-ei,*
promising half pay for life to the officers of the con-
tinental army who should serve to the end of the
war, formed a contract between Congress and tiic
officers of the army, founded upon a sufficient con-
sideration,^ from which Congress cannot legal ly an,!
justly retire. Lieutenant Colonel Uriah Forrest
performed the contract on his part; Congress shoui.i
perform its part of the contract; and as Lieutenant
Colonel -Forrest died without receiving either the
half pay due him under the resolve of October 21
1780, or the five years' full pay in lieu of ht« ha i
pay, under the act of March 27, 1783, then his hein-
at-Iaw succeed to his rights, and are entitled to
whatever was due to him at his death.
The resolution of Congress passed June 3, 1784.
provides that an interest of six per cent, shall be
allowed to all the creditors of the United States for
supplies furnished or services done from the time
that payment became due. In the the ease of Dr.
JJairdw. The United States, in which half pay for
^as Maimed under the resolve of October 21,
1780. interest was allowed upon the'demand and
the decision of the Court of Claims was approved
by Congress, and the claim paid at the Treasury
Ihe committee, therefore, report a bill for the
relief ot the memorialists upon these principles and
recommend its passage.
Mr. MORRTLL, of Vermont. This clearly
belongs to a class of eases, and if One should
be considered all the others should be consid-
ered ; and therefore I object to this one being
considered alone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar.
Mr. NORWOOD. I did not understand
what the Senator from Vermont said.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
stated that this ' belongs to a class of cases
including a large number, and that if one is
acted upon all ought to be acted upon, and
therefore I object to its being separately con-
sidered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire the privilege, be-
fore the Senator makes his objectidn, of stat-
ing one fact: that at the very last Congress
we passed a bill for the relief of the heirs of a
Mr. Springer, in the State of Maine ; and it
was a case precisely like this; but no interest
was allowed in that case, and I think it is
included in this bill. I do not know why tin:
committee should report including interest in
one claim and rejecting it in another. It seems
to me there ought to be a uniformity.about it.
_ Mr. POOL. I think the Senator from Maine
is mistaken——
