1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1441
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state" that the bill being objected to is not now
before the Senate.
Mr. POOL. Very well; then I shall make
a statement when the other, eases come up. I
will say to the Senator from Vermont that
there are several eases from the same commit-
tee, and when they are reached I shall ask to
have them considered. They are all together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
decided that when any bill is objected to, it is
not before the Senate.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask that by unanimous
consent this bill be transferred to that por-
tion of the Calendar where the other similar
cases are.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate the
other day placed several bills reported from
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims at
the foot of the Calendar. The Senator from
Georgia now asks that this bill be placed with
the others. The Chair hears no objection, and
they will be placed together.
JOHN L. PENDERY,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 1524) for the relief of John L. Pen-
dery, surviving partner of Pendery & Gamble,
attorneys ; which was , read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It appropriates $500 to pay to John L. Pen-
dery, surviving partner of Pendery & Gamble,
for legal services rendered in proceedings in
the United States circuit court against trespass-
ers on the Delaware Indian lands in Kansas;
but this amount is to be in full satisfaction for
the indebtedness.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GRACE B. t>ECK. -
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1525) for the relief of Grace B. Peck ;
which was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill provides that from the 14th of September,
1855, to the 19th of February, 1863, Grace B.
Peck, widow of Captain Elisha Peck, shall be
allowed the difference between the pay her
late husband received as commander and the
pay of a captain on the retired list of the
United States Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that bill explained.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill should be
amended I think by adding the words " at
that time."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Explain it first.
Mr. ANTHONY* We have had a half a
dozen of these cases where officers were de-
nied their promotion by the board of 1855, and
the revisory board, in the nature of a court of
appeals, decided that they were entitled to their
promotion. They were promoted and their
promotion dated back, and they were placed
on the Navy Registerto date from the time they
were first denied their just rights., This bill
gives to the widow of this officer the difference
of the pay between the rank which he held and
the one to which he should have been promoted
at that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if I understand
the Senator, this bill is based on the fact that
during this period of time there was a denial
of a legal right to these people which was
afterward corrected.
Mr. ANTHONY. Precisely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
bill by adding the words "at that time."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM W. LOW.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
42d (Jono. 3d Sess.—No. 91.
(S. No. 1526) for the relief of William W.
Low, now a captain on the active list of the
United States Navy ; which was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that from the 14th of
September, 1855, to the 16th of January, 1858,
Captain Wiliam W. Low shall be allowed the
difference between the pay that he received
and the pay of a lieutenant in the United
States Navy.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a precisely aim
ilar case to the one just acted upon, and the
same ameudment should be made in it by in-
serting the words " at that time."
The amendment was agreed to. '
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed,
SETTLERS ON SIOUX INDIAN RESERVATION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3326) for the relief of settlers on
the late Sioux Indian reservation in the State
of Minnesota; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The bill proposes
to allow all actual settlers who have duly filed
their declaratory statements under the pre-
emption laws with the register of the proper
local land office, upon the unsold lands now
included within the limits of the late Sioux
Indian reservation, in the State of Minnesota,
until the 1st of March, 1874, in which to make
proof and payment for their claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NATHANIEL M'KAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1446) for.the relief of Nathaniel Mc-
Kay.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report in that case read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr Cragin on the 5th instant.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred f.he bi I i (8. No.1446) for the relief of Nathan-
iel McKay, ask leave to report:
That this claim is to refund to Mr. MeKay the sum
of $6,574, assessed upon and paid by him as.internal
reveaue taxes under the following circumstances:
in 1863 Mr. McKay was engaged as a ship-builder in
East Boston, Massachusetts, in company with one
Aldus, whose interest in said firm Mr. McKay now
holds and owns.
1. In the month of August, 1863, there was assessed
by Otis Clapp, assessor for the fourth district of Mas-
sachusetts, on the hull and engines of the steamer
N. P. Banks, then being built by said McKay" &
Aldus, the sumof $1,650, which was duly paid, under
protest, to the collector of the same district on the
20th of October, 1863. This hull and machinery were
not subject to such assessment and payment, as the
keel of the vessel had been laid prior to the passago
of the act imposing the taxes, and therefore not
within its provisions. The receipts for the payment
of this tax and the affidavit of Mr. McKay, claiming
a return from the Internal Revenue Bureau, are
hereto annexed.
2. He also claims the sum of $160 assessed upon
the hull of the steamer Azalia, and paid in March,
1864, because this vessel was afterward, in June,
1864, sold to the United States Sovernment, and
was therefore not subject to the assessment or pay-
ment of such a tax ; and also the sum of $1,124
paid upon the hull and engines of thesteamer 1?. W.
Lincoln, in September, 1864, the same having also
been sold to the United States.
3. Heclaimsthefurthersum, as drawback, of $3,640
on the two steamers Edward Everett andLaPotena,
which was assessed upon the engines and boilers ol
the Edward Everett and upon the hull and engines of
the La Potena. These vessels were built by Mr.
McKay for the South American market, and, so soon
as they were ready forsea, were sent there and sold.
The La Potena was burned and trjtally destroyed
shortly after her sale and arrival in South America.
The committee deem it quite clear that,.these latter
vessels having been built for a foreign market, and
having been taken abroad and sold immediately after
being ready for sea, the builder was entitled to the
drawback claimed under the provisions of the net
of June 30, 1864,.aection one hundred and one, 13
Statutes-at-Large, page 302.
The committee are satisfied that Mr. McKay was
entitled, under a, fair and proper construction of the
internal revenue laws, to the allowances, abatements,
and drawbacks claimed by him. He made a proper
application to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue and the Secretary of the Treasury to have these
taxes refunded, but this was refused. The commit-
tee are of opinion that -these payments were im-
properly exacted, and the bill to refund the amount
should be passed.
Mr. CJ3ANDLER. Let that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ThlT Senator
from Michigan objects, and the bill will remain
on the Calendar.
TWO PER CENT. FUND.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to postpone the
further Consideration of the Calendar with a
view to take up House bill No. 3255, com-
monly known as the two per cent. bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no ; that is not
right. Let us get through with the Calendar.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope we may be
allowed to have a vote on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of the Calendar under the Anthony
rule, for the purpose of considering the two
per cent, bill, so called. ["No!" " No 1"3
The motion was not agreed to.
WIDOW OF ALEXANDER J. CROSSMAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3721) for the relief of the widow
of Alexander F. Crossman, deceased, late
commander United States Navy; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the widow of Alexander F. Crossman, de-
ceased, late commander United States Navy,
one year's extra pay, he having been drowned
near Greytown, while in command of the ex-
pedition sent by the Navy Department to sur-
vey a route for a ship-canal across the Isthmus
of Darien, to unite the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans.
Mr. CRAGIN. This is the case of Captain
Crossman, who was drowned in an effort to
save the lives of several officers and men of
one of our naval ships. There are numerous
precedents for paying one year's extra pay to
the widow or heirs in such cases. The most
recent case is the ease of the Oneida. This
is a House bill, and is entirely in accordance
with many precedents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you think it is a right
precedent?
Mr. CRAGIN. I think it is as right in this
case as in any of the others, and I cannot see
any reason why it is not entirely right. There
was a small boat going to the shore, which
was swamped, and Captain Crossman volun-
teered in another boat to save the lives of the
men in the water, and in doing so he lost his
own life, and his widow now asks one year's
extra pay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. She has a pension, has
she not? .
Mr. CRAGIN. Probably; but I do not
know about that.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ELLEN CALL LONG.
The next bill on the. Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 586) for the relief of Ellen Call
Long, the only child and heir of Richard K.
Call, deceased, reported adversely from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COOPER. I ask that that bill be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
GEORGE W. LAWRENCE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1339) for the relief of George W.
Lawrence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
STEPHEN LARRABEE AND A. L. ALLEN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1340) for the relief of Stephen Larra-
bee and A. L. Allen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am told that that is a
precisely similar case to the preceding one,
