1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Three thousand
dollar? would be as likely to get as good a man
aa (he head of the bureau. The head of the
bureau has but $3,000.
Mr. STEWART. The head of the bureau
lives in Waahington, and it is a permanent
thing, and this is not going to last forever ; it
is a special service of a very important nature,
and we want men of b igh character to per-
form it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
does not accept that I will move it at the
proper time.
And then it occurs to me that one other
amendment should be made. I see that power
is given to the inspectors or any one of them
'• to suspend any superintendent or agent or
employ^." When be is suspended what is to
bfcoaie of the Indians, and what is to become
of the care of the agency? There is no pro-
vision for that. They should be provided for.
It snould read, 1 suggest to the Senator to sup-
ply what I regard as a deficiency, " aud to
p.ace some suitable persou in his place tem-
porarily."
Mr. STEWART. I accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then it would
rvaii :
To suspend any superintendent or agent and
place some suitable person temporarily in his place,
subject to the approval of the President.
That is accepted, I understand?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, I accept it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Nowlmove,if
it is in order at the present time, to strike out
'• f<">,000" and insert "$3,000" as the salary.
I ht- PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tiou is on the amendment of the Senator
from Maine to the amendment, to strike out
'•$•3,000" and insert " $3,000."'
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, mnch
has been said upon this amendment of the
Senator from Nevada. I think it unnecessary
that i should undertake to present any reasons
in its advocacy. I think it will prevail; I
favor it. But inasmuch as my State is inter-
ested more directly than almost any other in
the Union. having an immense range of In-
dian territory, where depredations are of
almost daily occurrence, so that this is an un-
pleasant subject to us, I beg leave to say that
from the tenor of the arguments used and the
spirit abroad, I have no hesitancy in believ-
iug that the amendment will be adopted with
perhaps some modifications. I am gratified
that this is the fact. It is my boanden duty,
and I think it is the duty of every Senator
here, to look to the protection of those persons
living upon this vast frontier. It is a subject
of great magnitude and it is costing the Gov-
ernment millions of dollars; but money must
be thus expended or the Indians must be an-
nihilated, aud in our progress as a Christian
nation we cannot act on the latter principle.
Therefore our true course is to make the best
of a bad matter, for such I conceive it to be
under any consideration.
But, sir, particularly availing myself of
this'opportunity, I shall pay my respects by
way of compliment to my distinguished friend,
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson.]
I admire his candor and his magnanimity.
Pleased was I when I heard him say that the
President of the United States had matured
this subject, that he was familiar with it, and
that he had no doubt his recommendations
ami actions in the premises were conclusively i
correct. The distinguished Senator stopped
not there, and 1 am gratified that he did not
do so, bnt he went further and stated that that
made it entirely satisfactory to him; that <
henceforth, and I hope politically forever, we
shall have him as an unqualified supporter of '
the Administration. [Laughter.] His mag- !,
nanimity is clear. He says that whenever 1:
President Grant shall recommend any meas- j!
Ure, acting correctly as he has done in this j!
particular, he will give him his distinguished 1;
| aid. I thank my friend for the declaration,
having unbounded confidence in the President
that he will at no time recommend for our
action anything that is improper; and he not
doing so, we have the unqualified declaration
on the part of the Kentucky Senator that he
will henceforth be the President's friend and
supporter. It seems to me that the scales are
dropping from the eyes of some of his distin-
guished opponents, and that hereafter the
Republican party will move on as in a mighty
chair of triumph, and everything will be har-
monious, and we will do good to the Indian,
to the white man, and to the American citizens
at large.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator from Nevada now to agree to the
proposition to reduce the salary from $5,000
to $3,000.
Mr. STEWART. That appears to be the
sense of the Senate, and I accept that modifi
cation of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada as modified.
Mr. COLE. I must confess, Mr. President,
to a little surprise, that a proposition like the
one now pending, to create five or seven com-
missioners, making two sets of officers under
one bureau of this Government to perform
similar duties, should be entertained so long
and so seriously considered as this has been
by the Senate, when it has not had the invest-
igation of any committee, when it has nothad
that examination which is required of all
propositions of like character before this body.
I have been for some time awaiting an oppor-
tunity to ask the attention of the Senate to
what has been done to meet what isnowsonght
by this amendment.
When an Indian appropriation bill was
pending before this body some years ago, it
was proposed that a military officer of rank
■ not less than that of captain should be present
at the delivery of all goods and annuities, &c.,
to the Indians, which were made under ap-
propriation bills. That amendment I believe
was brought forward by my friend from Ne-
vada himself. If my recollection serves me,
he was the author of it, and it was incorpo-
rated in an Indian appropriation bill, and is
still the law ; and in order that we may under-
stand just what we are doing, I ask the Clerk
to read that section of the Indian appropria-
tion bill of 1868, section two, which 1 send up.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all goods
and merchandise furnished any tribe or band of In-
dians under the provisions of this act shall be turned
over by the agent or superintendent of such tribe or
band to the chiefs of the tribe or band, to be distrib-
uted to the tribe or band by the chiefs in such man-
ner as the chiefs may deem best; and the delivery
of all such goods and merchandise, or annuities of
any character, shall be made in the presence of a
military officer not below the rank of captain, to be
detailed for that purpose by the eommanderof the
department in which the delivery shall be made,
where such an officer shall be stationed within fifty
miles of the place of delivery, which officer shall
attest by his certificate the receipt thereof; and no
receipt by Indians for goods or property to any
superintendent or agent shall be valid to discharge
such officer, unless the same be accompanied by the
certificate of such military officer, showing that said
goods were actually delivered, and are of the quan-
tity and quality stated in the invoice or bill thereof,
a copy of which shall be attached to the receipt."
Mr. COLE. That would seem to guaranty
protection for the delivery of the goods and
supplies to the Indians when appropriated by
Congress. I am not sufficiently acquainted
with the workings of that department of the
Government to say whether this is always put
in practice ; but I do know that there is a
military camp very near to every Indian res-
ervation and probably there is hardly one now
where goods are delivered that is not within
fifty miles of a military camp.
Mr. STEWART. That is not in force now.
It only applies to the appropriations under
that act. |
Mr. COLE. I be^ the Senator's pardon. I !
took the pains to inquire of the chairman of 1
the Committee on Indian Affairs and of the
Senator who lias charge of this bill, and I
am not able to ascertain that this has been
' repealed.
Mr. STEWART. But by its terms it only
applied to the appropriations under that act.
Mr. COLE. 1 think it is put in practice at
the present time, and I infer from that that it
has been renewed, if necessary, and that it is
the law at present. It was at all events a
proposition to insure the proper delivery of
goods which were due the Indians, without
any unnecessary expense. It was calling upon
a military officer to superintend and supervise
this delivery ; and 1 have no doubt it resulted,
if put in practice, and results still, if still in
practice, in a proper delivery of the goods and
supplies to the Indians to whom they belong.
It would seem that we had run up the
expenses of this Department high enough.
Last year it is stated here that they amounted
to something like seven million dollars. This
bill provider for about five and a half millions
to be expended for the benefit of that class
of people. And now the proposition is to create
auother very considerable item of expense in
connection with it, to wit, the appointment of
five or seven new officers at a large salary,,
and whose traveling expenses are to be borne
in addition ; and let me ask the attention of
Senators to another fact, that this amendment
provides no appropriation for its execution.
It will not be put in force, I apprehend, with-
out an appropriation ; and if it is not provided
for in this amendment itself, the Government,
if this amendment be adopted will be called
upon to make up a deficiency and to pay the
expenses, and we cannot now well estimate
how much ihey will be, that may result from
this amendment.
In the Indian appropriation bill last year we
made an appropriation of some $15,000 to
defray the expenses of the peace commission,
and I believe they have done their duty faith-
fully and are still in the discharge of their
duty and are doing all that is requisite for the
protection of the Indians, both in the pur-
chase of the goods and, so far as they can, in
the delivery of the goods. Let me call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that it will
be impossible for these five persons to be
present at the seventy or eighty different posts
where goods are delivered during the whole
year. They can visit them from time to time,
but it is very doubtful whether they will wit-
ness the delivery of goods, or know after they
are delivered whether they have been of the
right quality or whether they have been deliv-
ered to the tight parties. I do not see the
remedy that is sought for in the adoption of
this amendment.
As was stated in the debate yesterday, the
amendment in my judgment that should be
adopted is one that will dispense with the
various Indian treaties under which most of
the moneys are appropriated now. Many of
these treaties were made years ago, with Indian
tribes of considerable size no doubt at that
time, but which have dwindled down in many
instances to a mere handful; and still this
handful of Indians are receiving the large pro-
visions that were made under the treaties.
There should be some way to get rid of these
treaties, and if we can do that it will result in
economy to the Government.
Mr. YVINDOM. I am quite certain that I
shall gratily the Senate by the statement that
I have not risen to make a speech. If time
would permit, I should be very glad to answer
several of the arguments presented on this sub-
ject, but I feel that I ought not to do so. I
will make one single suggestion.
The objection 1 have to this amendment, as
stated some moments ago, is that it in effect
relieves the present board of commissioners
of their responsibility. I do not want to do
that. We may make an appropriation, if we
choose, large enough to authorize that board to
appoint clerks, and they can select the best
