142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Speer.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
gently, I admit, that this transaction between
Mr. Ames and Judge Kelley was an invest-
ment upon the part of Judge Kelley I
Let me, Mr. Speaker, call the attention of
the House to what the committee have found
before they drew this inference. Mr. Kelley
was sworn before them as a witness. Oakes
Ames was sworn before them as a witness.
Those two witnesses differ radically and vio-
lently in their statements; and when the com-
mittee find in substance that the statements of
Oakes Ames are true, as they do find, it fol-
lows inevitably they must find that Mr. Kel-
ley's are not true. Now, what does Mr. Kel-
ley say about this transaction ? In the first
place the committee say that they have no evi-
dence that Mr. Kelley knew the nature of
this corporation. As to that' I turn to page
198 of the testimony, where we find Mr. Kel-
ley under oath stating that—
"At this distance of time I do not pretend to re-
peat the conversation verbatim, but I remember the
substance of it pretty accurately. Mr. Ames said
to me that while that was a speculative thing,
he felt disposed to let me have an myestment which
would be of a better character, and spoke of the
Credit Mobilier, of which I thought X knew some-
thing from the fact that it was chartered by my own
Stato some years before I beoame a member of Con-
gress, and 'the provisions of the charter of which X
had discussed somewhat with my professional
brethren, both in my office and in the court-room
while waiting for trials or arguments."
Mr. Kelley is a Pennsylvania lawyer, and
was a Pennsylvania judge. The Credit Mo-
bilier is a Pennsylvania corporation ; and Mr.
Kelley swears that he was familiar with the
provisions of its charter from having discussed
it with his profesional brethren in the court-
room of Philadelphia. And yet the commit-
tee seem to intimate that this lawyer, this
judge, this Pennsylvania judge, who had dis-
cussed the provisions of this charter, did not
know what they were; did not know the
powers they conferred nor the uses to which
the charter could be put.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. SPEER. Certainly.
Mr. POLAND. There was nothing in the
charter of the company that was in any way
wrong. The whole difficulty grew out of
some contracts that were afterward made.
Mr. SPEEB. I understand that. What
the gentleman from Vermont says is abstractly
true ; but the charter was one of those anoma-
lous things that too often crawl through the
Pennsylvania Legislature, and after having
been passed it was taken to New York, and
there bought, I believe, by some of these par-
ties for the express purpose of making the use
of it which has been made. It was a charter
of almost limitless power, authorizing those
operating under it to go to almost any place
and do almost anything. It was just the charter
these Union Pacific railroad men needed. It
was just the charter that no honest company
would want.
Now, I say that Judge Kelley knew the pro
visions of that charter. He knew the Legis-
lature that passed it. He knew there was
litigation in Pennsylvania about that charter
and the right of the State to tax the dividends;
and yet with his knowledge of all these things
he took that stock. I may say here that the
State of Pennsylvania brought suit four or five
years ago to recover about $1,000,000,1 think,
as tax due on the dividends of the Credit
Mobilier. She obtained judgment twice in
the lower court, but the judgment was twice
reversed by the supreme court of the State ;
tiie last time on the ground that the Credit
Mobilier aa a corporation did not earn the
dividends, but that the trustees did.
I refer to this, not to criticise the action of
the supreme court of Pennsylvania, but to show
how notorious the facts were. I therefore deny
the correctness of the inference of the commit-
tee as to the knowledge and means of knowl-
edge of Mr. Kelley. I cannot escape the con-
viction thathedid know all about it. But if he
had not knowledge beforehand, what are the
members of this House to think of a member
of Congress who, without a turn of his hand
or the scrape of his pen, or the payment of a
dollar, by some magic unknown to the race of
ordinary mortals, came into possession of
$1,079 in cash, and became the owner of ten
shares of stock worth $3,000 more, all in about
six months, and yet did not know What kind
of a hen was laying these golden eggs! Did
not Mr. Kelley know that it must be a cor-
rupt corporation from the enormous dividends
that were being so rapidly declared and which
he was receiving ? Tell me that a man can
stand quietly by, in this age and in this land,
and receive an eighty per cent, dividend in
January and a sixty per cent, dividend in
June, and a soventy-five per cent, dividend in
September, and not know or at least not have
cause to suspect that the corporation which
declared them was corrupt to the core! I seek
not to torture the evidence ; but this case so
bristles with facts pointing irresistibly to the
conclusion I have formed, thatl cannot escape
it. Who can?
What further? Mr. Kelley attempted to
turn this transaction with Mr. Ames into a
loan, but the committee have exploded that
idea as every sensible man will explode it on
reading the testimony. But what does Mr.
Kelley say? On page 199 of the reported
testimony he says:
"Thus ended all connection of mine with tho mat-
ter. During that time, nor subsequently, have I re-
ceived directly or indirectly any money, stock or
bonds as dividends of the Credit Mobilier, or any
interest in stock ot Union Pacific railroad or bonds.
I have never to my knowledge soon a share of the
stock in Credit Mobilier or in the Union Pacilic Rail-
road Company."
And on page 201 :
"Question. The conversation you had with Mr,
Ames resulted in an agreement on your part to take
tea shares?
"Answer. Yes, sir; and I wish it to bo distinctly
understood that it was not my fault that I did not
get it. I supposed I had contracted for ten shares
of stock.
"Question. Were any dividends ever paid to you
on it?
"Answer. No, sir; I received nothing from it.
"Question. Tne result of the money transaction in
reference to the Credit Mobilier stock, then, was that
you neither paid Mr. Ames anything nor received
anything on thataeoount?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Now, what will the country think of a mem-
ber of the American Congress who having
taken a check from Oakes Ames for $329 to
the Sergeant-at-Arms of this House, and drawn
the money upon it, and having received in
cash from Ames $750, both sums found by the
committee to be on account of dividends from
the Credit Mobilier, now states on oath that
he never saw, or touched, or received a dollar
from the Credit Mobilier? This testimony
was given before Mr. Ames had come to the
stand for the second time. Mr. Ames at first
was mild, and coy, and gentle as a maiden
with these gentlemen ; but when he discovered
that they intended to put the whole respons-
ibility of this transaction upon him alone, he
gathered himself up, and shook his mane like
a lion, and came back, armed with a power
that struck consternation into those men who
were trying to escape by putting their sins
upon him. Here is the evidence; on page
201 Mr. Kelley states:
" Question. State whether the borrowing of that
thousand dollars frem Mr. Ames had any connec-
tion in any manner with the Credit Mobilier stock?
' Answer. I am here reminded of what Judge Bing-
ham said on the uncertainty of speaking of what
may have been passing in a person's mind so long
ago, and of all the considerations that may have
entered into his motives."
Now, sir, was that such an answer as the
committee and this House had a right to expect
to a plain question involving the character of
this transaction and the motives and under-
standing of my colleague in reference to it?
The House will observe that what I am
reading here is the sworn testimony of the
witness, Judge Kelley, himself.
But what does Mr. Oakes Ames say about
that transaction. This, on page 298 is the
account between Mr. Kelley and himself.
It is as follows:
The memorandum from which witness testified in
regard to Mr. Ivellky is as follows :
W. D. K. Dr.
1868. To ten shares stock Credit Mobilier
of Amerioa $1,000
Interest  17
Jan. 19. To cash 329
81,376
Cr.
1868. By dividend of bonds Union Pacific
railroad 81,000, at 80 per oent. less
3 per cent    8776
Juno 17. By dividend collected from your
acoount  600
1863. 81,376
Sept. 29. To cash loan  700
" Question. Do you think Mr. Kelley understood,
when he reoeived that cheok from you, that that
was tho monoy he was borrowing from you?
"Answer. I did not think so; you can judge as
well as I can of it.
"Question. Was anything said about its being a
loan?
"Answer. Not thatl know of.
" Question. Did you have any conversation with
Mr. Kelley after that in reference to this transac-
tion in Credit Mobilier stock ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; ho inquired about the divi-
dends, whether there were any more. I told him
there would not be any more until this suit was
settled."
In October or November, 1868, suit was
brought against this corporation in Pennsyl-
vania, and the dividends on the stock which
Oakes Ames held as trustee ceased. Mr.
Kelley then comes to Mr. Ames and inquires,
"Brother Ames, are there any more dividends
due?" " What has become of the Credit Mo-
bilier?" "A suit is pending, Mr. Kelley, and
you cannot get any more dividends until that
suit is determined." Now, the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Bdtlek] says that Ames is
a truthful man, and the committee have found
his statement as to this transaction to be true.
Then what are we to conclude ? It is that when
that suit pending in thesupreme court of Penn-
sylvania shall be determined, if favorable to
Mr. Ames, the dividends are to be paid to Mr.
Kelley as before; or rather, that in such
event they would have been paid if this inves-
tigation had not been had.
Now, did not Mr. Kelley knew that the
Credit Mobilier was a fraudulent corporation?
Did he say "I wash my hands of it; I have
been misled; the people and the Government
are being wronged?" No, nothing of the kind.
All he said was, " What has become of the
dividends?" I read from page 299:
" Question. Did you understand from that conver-
sation that he considered himself entitled to further
dividends if there were any more made?
"Answer. I supposo so.
" Question. You continued to hold that stock for
him ?
"Answer. I did; and that is all Mr. Kelley has
received out of it, the $329."
And now what lesson do you learn from this
prevarication, evasion and denial on the part
of Mr. Kelley? Are not evasions and denials
of this character in court always taken against
the man who makes them ? Is it not right and
just for the law to presume that if a man will
not tell the truth it is because the truth will
hurt him? What motive can Mr. Kelley
have for withholding a plain statement of the
facts? It is because the truth was damaging,
and he would rather—I will not say willfully—
swear an untruth; but he seems to prefer the
path of evasion to the plain road of frank
statement.
