JR73.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
1!
nrmtie^i bill. not roming from any commit- !
Ve hive now unpaid commissioners,
■I'ui i- is (>roi>rtsed to pay a new commission.
A e shall soon «e  where th«> unpaid com-
pile ah has cone. A certain line of policy
was adopted to stvnre the appointment of
commissioners who should receive no pay, but
we are now to hare commiasioners who are to
be weil paid nnd who are to have mileage and
board in addition. A* between the two com-
minions, the one paid and the other unpaid,
how long will the unpaid commission remain,
an.j how Ions; will these philanthropic gentle-
men remain upon it who hare agreed to go
over the country and pay their own expenses
when tins commission by their side is paid?
These gentlemen may be above the ordinary
want* and aspirations of nature: they may be
overrealons in their benevolence, and may
for a while think they will do these things t
but when they have a paid commission by
their sid-  consisting of tire gentlemen who
are to be paid and well paid, is it to be sup-
posed that those who are on the present com
mission and who are so well calculated to do
all the service will apply themselves further
to it? Put these two commissions side by
side, and what will be the result? At first
there will be a rivalry between them. Both
are required to do the same thing. Both are
required to look after these people, to invest-
igate their condition, the one paid and the
o-h*r unpaid: and soon one of them will cer
tainly be wound up.
Mr. STEVENSON*. Allow me to suggest
to she Senator from Maryland that this amend-
mert i« offered on the recommendation of the
present board.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. They want
to get on the new board ; do they ? They are
getting tired of traveling around for nothing,
i'hat is the idea! That ia what they are after !
The other commission will go to the wall, ancL
the whole policy with it. j
I listened to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky maintaining upon this floor the pol-
icy of the President, its propriety, its human-
ity. and its civilieing influence. If you estab-
lish the paid commission, the unpaid one goes
under or yon will get upon it inferior men who
will go out into these Territories to maraud
upon the Indian.
Mr. President, we have had a detailed ac-
count of the expenditures of the Indian depart-
ment from 1701 down to the present period of
time. They are enormous now, and we see
this result of the whole policy. We had a
system prior to 1824 costing us nothing com-
paratively. In 18*24 we inaugurated a new
pol'Cy: since 1870 another one, what is known
as the peace policy ; but one thing is evident,
that the appointment of any commission does
not reduce expenditures, but on the contrary
every individual that you send to the Indian
territory is another interested to increase ex-
penditures. Every agent you have there is
interested in increasing expenditures. _ Your
peace agents are interested in increasing ex-
penditures and this paid commission will be
interested in increasing expenditures. They
want the money there for civilizing the In-
dians, they will say, or for other purposes.
They will call it civilizing and Christianizing
the fndian, but the money they want and the
money they will have, and if you have eight
hundred agents in the Indian territory you
will have only eight hundred instrumentalities
for getting more money from the Treasury.
The les8 agents you have, the less money will
go there.
But after all, upon the agencies or the agents
does not depend the expenditure of money.
We make the appropriations. Do we make
them upon the recommendation of these
Indian agents or of their masters? If these
cxoenditures are enormous and wrong, we are
responsible therefor. Let ns not make these
appropriations and that is the end of the whole
thing. If there is a single solitary expendi-
ture that is improperly made, we are responsi-
ble for it and nobody else. We are here to
supervise the acts of thestj people; we are
here to cousider the recommendations of the
Secretary of the Interior and the head of the
Indian Bureau ; we are here to examine into
all these mat'ers and to make the properappro-
pria'ions ami we make tliem witha full knowl-
edge of all the encuuistances surrounding
them, and we are responsible for them all.
1 h n we complain of the appropriations.
Why complain of this extravagance? What 1
reduce theai by the appointment of additional
instrumentalities to increase them ? No, sir,
we must strike deeper than that. Stop them,
stop your treaties, stop these vast expendi-
tures of money. But here you make these great
appropriations, seven millions and better in
t'i;s bill, and you will incessantly hear appeals
for the appointment of people to take care of
the seven millions. All the time you are asked
to create additional officeholders to take care
of the money you expend. "Less office-
holders and less expenditures'' is the policy,
instead of more.
Therefore I am opposed to the whole thing.
I think we have officeholders enough to take
care of this money, and more than enough.
Let tis look to the appropriations ; if proper,
let them go; but 1 should rely on the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the head of the
Indian Bureau and the superintendent of
Indian affairs and this peace commission and
the philanthropic gentlemen who compose it
for a report on all these matters, and not -on
a set of paid officeholders. Men are now
probably surrounding this Hall in order to
get places to take care of the money paid to
Indians, that they may make fortunes fbr
themselves.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendmeht of the Senator trom
Oregon to the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. NYE. The amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon seenjs to me to be mak-
ing room for more clerks and more service.
They will have to open in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Interior a boarding-house book
for commissioners. Now, I do not suppose my
friend would object if I wanted a dinner that
would cost more than three dollars that I
should have it, but this says it Bhall not be
free.
Now, I have a word to say in behalf of these
Indian agents. Most of them ate young clergy-
men, and they would kick any commissioner
out of their door that would offer them pay
for his dinner—generous, noble-hearted young
men. And I want to tell my friend from
Oregon, and he knows it as well as I do, that
there is no man whose business it is not to sell
provisions but what would take it. as an insult
if you offered him pay for your dinner when
he invited you to partake of it. A generous
commissioner can pay as much to this man as
he pleases if it is not within the scope of his ex-
penditure on behalf of the Government, and
if he pays it himself it is his business. You
might as well regulate by some legislative
enactment the way in which a man should
blow his nose as to say what he shall eat, and
who shall pay for it and who shall not.
I object to this detail. If you send a com-
missioner send a man ; let him get his dinner
where he pleases, and pay for it what he
pleases. 1 object that a limit shall be set
on a commisssioner's dinner at three dollars
a day. It is an insult to the man you send.
Suppose my friend from Iowa should be sent
as one of them. He would knock that pro-
vision so high that gravitation would never
operate on it the first good dinner that he
came to, [laughter;] and then there would be
a trial of a commissioner for violating the
law and paying too much for his provisions.
[Laughter.] Why do you not say that a com-
missioner shall not drink anythingintoxicating,
and if he does you will not pay for it! That
may be reserved for another provision, but to
regulate the diet of these commissioners and
to say what they shall pay for it is altogether
too nonsensical to talk about.
Mr. CORBETT. This amendment is not
one prepared by myself; it is prepared by the
commission themselves.
Mr. NYE. Let the commission who want
that diet have it.
Mr, CORBETT. I desire to say that I
know from personal experience, having been
present on one occasion, that one of these com-
missioners was quartered upou an agent for
nearly two weeks in examining into the affairs
of the agency and negotiating with the Indians ;
and not ouly himself but his secretary also
was quartered upon the Indian agent, who had
a family, and was receiving $1,500 a year.
They were there I think nearly two weeks.
Now, I desire to inquire of the Senator from
Nevada how an agent with $1,500 a year can
board one of these commissioners and his
secretary for two weeks twice a year and live
on $1,500 a year without stealing? If he can
do it, it is more than I can do.
Mr. NYE. I will answer the honorable
Senator with his permission. I take it for
granted that a man who works on $1,500 a
year has just as good sense as a man who gets
$15,000, and many times better, and that he
knows when he can ask a man to dinner and
when he cannot, and that he will regulate his
own family arrangements according to the
proprieties of the thing, and if he is not in a
position to keep this commissioner somebody
else will.
. Mr. CORBETT. These agencies are mostly
situated far from civilization, far from where
there are any white people, and the commis-
sioner has either got to board with the agent
or he has got to board with the Indians. It is
hardly a suitable place for one of these com-
missioners to board among the Indians, unciv-
ilized as they are in many instances, and
they are at a distance from any white settle-
ment, probably, of fifteen, twenty, or thirty
miles, and perhaps fifty miles in some instances.
This amendment is a portion of a bill prepared
by the commission themselves. Having felt,
I suppose, that they were imposing in many
instances upon the agents, they presented a bill
with this provision in it, that we might pro-
vide a sufficient allowance to the agent for
their support while they were engaged in the
examination of these accounts. It seems to
me to be nothing extraordinary or improper.
Of course the commissioner will give the agent
a voucher for his board during his stay there,
and the amount will be paid by the Depart-
ment. I am no stickler for this amendment. I
offer it as in duty bound to make the original
proposition perfect and similar to the bill pre-
pared by the commission themselves.
Mr. CRAGIN. This amendment of the
Senator from Nevada now provides for the
appointment of four agents, I believe, at $3,000
a year.
Mr. STEWART. No; five agents.
Mr. CRAGIN. With their traveling ex-
penses. If the Senator from Oregon proposes
to relieve them from paying their board when
at the agencies, why does he not also relieve
them from paying their hotel bills when they
are traveling from here to the agencies ? If
the Senator wishes to relieve them from pay-
ing their board to the Indian agent while there,
the same as any one else, why not relieve them
altogether ?
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose it would be a
somewhat delicate thing for the agent to re-
ceive money from the inspector who visits
him for the purpose of making this examina-
tion. As I have said, this proposition was
prepared by the commission. They proposed
to give these inspectors $4,000 a year and their
traveling expenses, and this amendment was
one of the provisions attached to that bill.
Now you have reduced their salary to $3,000
a year, and I say it might be a delicate thing
