144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. ok Reps.
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong. .. .3d Bess.
I ask, then, at the threshold, are they de-
termined or determinable in amounts, dates,
origin, or circumstances, by reference to any
existing records ? Emphatically and undeni-
ably they are not. The claimants have never
furnished to the Government rational, satis-
factory, legal, or direct evidence sufficient to
entitle them to recover in any court of justice
for one claim in forty. The pretended evi-
dence on file is, in almost all cases, utterly val-
ueless under the rules of law; it is mere hear-
say, or loose and unintelligible declarations of
parties, or trashy and exaggerated statements
in letters or printed memorials. So vague and
unreliable, so regardless of the most obvious
requirements of common sense, business hab-
its, and law, are the pretended records of these
claims in the Departments of the Government,
that in hundreds of them even the year of their
alleged capture is not stated, nor the places
where captured, nor into what ports they were
carried for adjudication, nor any description
of the kinds or amounts of goods on board,
nor the value of the cargoes or vessels, nor
the probable aggregate amount of each claim,
nor what disposition was made of the captures
in the foreign ports, nor whether the alleged
victims were at the time of capture sailing
under letters of marque and reprisal—expressly
and voluntarily taking their chances for victory
or defeat—nor whether the merchants were
at the time of seizure engaged in lawful or un-
lawful commerce, nor whether they were at
the time violating the proclamation of neutral-
ity of April 22, 1793, by carrying articles con-
traband by the usage of nations, nor any facts
from which the gross sum of all the claims can
be determined; and no man living can now
ascertain or determine the grand total of all
these claims. In his report of February 8,
1827, Mr. Holmes says, on this subject:
"From the best consideration your committee
have been able to bestow on the subject, they are
of opinion that the claims of our citizens against
France for indemnity, which were released by the
convention of the 30th September, 1800, when ex-
amined and liquidated, would not exceed $8,000,000."
But the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumnek,] in his able and elab-
orate report of April 4, 1864, in favor of these
claims, estimates them in the aggregate at
$12,572,000. Yet now the country is daily
informed by the zealous advocates of these
claims that their actual amount is at least
$20,000,000, exclusive of interest. It was so
stated in debate the other day in the Senate
by the present chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Why were not these claims, like other claims
of citizens, separately presented to Congress,
accompanied by forto&l &n(i sufficient proofs)
for payment? Is one element of their strength
to be found in obscurity and mystery ? Did
they rightfully assume from the first that their
separate and intrinsic merits were insufficient
to assure success, and that they must there-
fore resort to combination, strategy, and the
lobby? There has always been claimed for
them by their friends a spurious importance.
They have been grouped together, their
amounts constantly magnified, a fictitious and
pretentious sort ot n&tion&l ch&rsicLer cl&im6d.
for them, and all proper details touching their
individual and real merits, foundations, origin,
and incidents, constantly kept in the back-
^For further illustrations of the truth of what
I say on these points, I refer the House to the
tabulated lists of these claims furnished by
Henry Clay, Secretary of State, on January
22,1827, to a select committee of the Senate,
of which Mr. Holmes was chairman, and on
the basis of which that committee, on Febru-
ary 8, 1827, made the first favorable report
ever presented in either House on these claims.
So shadowy and really ridiculous were the
pretended evidences presented that the com-
mittee, which had been manifestly organized
to sustain the claims, were compelled to con-
fess in their report that—
" The petitioners have furnished no evidence of
the injuries of which they complain, nor of the
amount of their losses; and, in ordinary oases, the
committee would be justified in a report against
them for want of proof."
I say this is the first favorable report ever
made on these claims. The report of the
select committee appointed February 5, 1802,
made to the House on April 22, 1802, is no
exception. That report only attempts to state
certain historical facts, without conclusions or
recommendations, in favor of these claims, and
the final paragraph of it is in these words:
Upon the whole view of the case, the oommittee
submit it to the House to determine whether the
Government of the United States be, in any respeot,
bound to indemnify the memorialists, and whether
there be any ground for discrimination between the
casos of losses sustained before the acts of May 28,
1798, 3uly 7,1798, and July 9,1798, and oaaea of losses
sustained after those periods."
The House never determined these ques-
tions. No evidence accompanied or was
referred to in this report.
The next formal report was made by the
Committee on Foreign Relations of the House,
March 25,1824, and was expressly and almost
indignantly adverse to all the claims. The
committee say—
" That no evidence accompanies either of the peti-
tions, all of which, except the first, are literally the
same, having been apparently prepared, by concert
among the claimants, to be presented to Congress."
And then, after brief reference to the fact
that none of these claims had ever been suc-
cessful before Congress, and in strong con-
firmation of my construction of the report of
April 22, 1802, the committee say:
" Without attempting even to enumerate the fail-
ures to obtain a sanction to their statements and to
their claims, the committee refer the House to a
detailed report of the various acts of the Govern-
ment of the United States and of Franoe from 1793
to 1800, made by a select committee on the 22d of
April, 1802, to which applications like the present
were referred. Governed by that report, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations are not satisfied that
the FrenchGovernmont ever admitted thejustice of
the claims of the petitioners or over intended to
pay them. The Government of the United States
used every effort, even to war itself, to rescue the
property of American merchants from the lawless
violence of France; and its efforts to procure pay-
ment for the spoliations committed by the French
cruisers were not discontinued until it was obvious
that there was no hope of success. This Govern-
ment never received from France any equivalent
for the claims of Americans upon France. The war
of aggression was commenced by Franco, and every
act of the United States was a just retaliation for
previous injury."
It is now pertinent to inquire, why did these
claimants never furnish decentevidence of their
claims? It was in their power to do it if their
claims were just and true. The transactions
were then recent, the witnesses were living, the
proof was comparatively easy aud cheap, and
it was their imperative duty as honest men and
good citizens then, in the early morning of
this controversy, to satisfy their country that
their demands were honorable, genuine, and
meritorious. But they persistently ignored
this obvious duty, made no efforts to perform
it, suffered seveuty-five years to elapse unim-
proved, and allowed their claims to abide, aa
they do to day, for their support, upon mere
shadows, assumptions, and traditions.
Satisfactory legal proof is now simply impos-
sible, and no tribunal on earth can now be put
into possession of such fullness of knowledge
of the history and facts and legal relations of
each claim as to enable it to adjudicate wisely
or justly. It is a just principle of law that if
a man by his own act withhold the evidence
by which the nature of his case would be mani-
fested, every presumption to his disadvantage
will be adopted. For over forty years these
claimants have maintained an agency in this
capital to look after their claims. How has
that agency been employed, and why has it not
supplied the proofs? Has it devoted all that
time to Congress and to the lobby ? It appears
so. We are now importuned to appropriate
$5,000,000 for these claimants out of the rev-
enues of a grossly overtaxed people. If we
pay this sum now, no man can guarantee the
country against future demand for more. The
claimants are'made to say in this bill that they
will receive this $5,000,000 in full of all their
claims. But so said Chorpening and so said
Secor, and yet each of these made subsequent
demands which were baseless and dishonest,
but they were paid. So it may be here if we
open the door of recognition of these claims
as having any merit or validity against the
United States. I may as well here remark
by way of caution that all the statements
concerning the value or amount of these claims,
made by our Government in its diplomatic
correspondence or elsewhere, were based solely
upon the general complaints of our merchants,
and not upon specific proofs made by the
claimants or procured by the Government
in any other manner. Such diplomatic repre-
sentations, therefore, have no legal value for
the establishment of these claims now. Par-
ties cannot be permitted to manufacture evi-
dence for themselves in that way. Otherwise,
such claimants might soon bankrupt the Gov-
ernment.
HISTORY 01? THE CLAIMS IN CONGRESS AND COMMITTEES#
When these claims arose the fathers and
founders of our institutions were upon the
stage of public life and action. They were not
only patriotic, but they were wise and just.
Their wisdom, statesmanship, and justice
won for our country the respect of mankind.
The fact is impressive, therefore, that that
generation of men and rulers could never be
brought to recognize these claims as merit-
orious against us, or to admit any obligation on
the part of the United States to pay them. The
first favorable report upon them was that of
Mr. Holmes, as chairman of a select com-
mittee of the Senate, dated February 8, 1827.
Five previous reports were adverse. Includ-
ing the report of Mr. Sumner of April 4,1864,
there have been in all forty-three legislative
reports made upon these claims since April
22, 1802. Of these, eighteen were made by
select committees, constituted under parlia-
mentary rules, as a matter of course, of a
majority in each committee friendly to the
claims, and yet two of these committees re-
ported in effect adversely ; but of the entire
forty-three, only twenty-three were detailed,
specific, argumentive reports, the others be-
ing informal and entirely unimportant; and
of these twenty-three, five were adverse, and
there were other adverse minority reports;
and of the remaining eighteen of these twenty-
three, nine were made by select committees,
and only nine by the regular standing Com-
mittees on Foreign Relations in favor of the
claims.
In July, 1846, near half a century after
these claims accrued, the first bill, similar to
the one now pending, and exactly the same in
amount, was passed by Congress and was
vetoed by President Polk. In t ebruary, 1855,
the second bill of the same tenor and amount
was passed by Congress and vetoed by Presi-
dent Pierce. I submit, therefore, that all
things considered, the weight of legislative
authority is against these claims. They come
down to us from a remote age bearing the
stamp of condemnation. Those who knew
them best esteemed them least. The contem-
porary rulers, almost personal witnesses of
their origin, uniformly denied the liability of
the Unite-d States to pay them. Shall we now,
with our most imperfect knowledge of their
merits, viewing them only through the dim
light of history and tradition, invade the Treas-
ury of the people and lavish $5,000,000 of
their money upon the claimants, thus impeach-
ing the honor and manhood and justice of the
