1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
seventy-five, volume ten, page 670, in part, namely,
section eight.
Act of June 22, 1860, chapter one hundred and
eighty-one, volume twelve, page 81, in part, namely,
the second proviso in the ninth paragraph, as fol-
lows : " That the estimates for expenditures for suoh
purposes shall hereafter be given in detail."
Act of May 18,1865, chapter eighty-five, volume
fourteen, page 49, in part, namely, section four.
Act of July 12,1870, chapter two hundred andfifly-
one, volume sixteen, page 251, in part, namely, sec-
tions five, six, and seven.
Act of May 8,1872,chapter one hundred and forty,
volume seventeen, page 83, in part, namely, section
five.
Act of June 8, 1872, chapter three hundred and
forty-eight, volume seventeen, page 887.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw my com-
mendation of this bill. This is not the same
bill that I supposed it was the last time I sa\y
it. It has been entirely reconstructed, at the
Treasury Department I presume, and I per-
ceive contains a great many provisions which
will lead' to debate, and which are of them-
selves, in my opinion, of very doubtful pro-
priety. Therefore, as it is a matter of so
much, importance, regulating the operations
of the Treasury Department, I do not think it
right to take up the time, and indeed I should
not be prepared for one on a subject of so
much importance to take up time in debating
it now. Therefore I think it had better go
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill on the Calendar.
cordelia c dohgiierty.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2534) granting a pension to Cor-
delia C. Dougherty; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to-
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Cordelia C. Dougherty, widow of
Charles Dougherty, late a private in company
I second regiment of Maine volunteers, and
also late a private in company D thirteenth
regiment of Maine volunteers.
The Committee on Pensions reported an
amendment, to insert, after the words " Maine
volunteers," in line nine, the words "together
with the children of said Charles and Cordelia
C. Dougherty who are under sixteen years of
age."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
william ii. vesey.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No 1549) for the relief of William H.
Vesey, which was read. It provides for the
payment to William H. Vesey, former consul of
the United States at Havre, in France, of
$1,320 57, being the amount of his loss in
consequence of the failure, on March 27, 1857,
of the house of Green & Co., American bank-
ers, with whom he had deposited moneys
belonging to the United States to the amount
of $1,467 30, upon the assignment by Vesey
to the United States of his claim against the
firm for the moneys so deposited.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Pratt on the 7th instant;
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial of William II. Vesey, praying to be
relieved of a certain loss sustained while oonsul at
Havre. Prance, submit the following report:
Mr. Vesey presents the following state of facts as
the basis for the relief asked :
On the 27th of March, 18o7, he was consul of the
United States at Havre, and had been tor several
years previously. Daring all this time he had been
in the habit of depositing moneys received by him
in his official capacity with the banking-house of
Green & Co., American bankers at P&ris' a
branch at Havre, for safe-keeping. On that day
there remained on deposit in the handsoi said nrm
the sum of $1,467 30, at the time they failed and
became insolvent. On settlement of their aftairs
Mr. Vesey has received ten per cent, or his deposit,
or $146 73, leaving a loss of $1,320 57. Notwith-
standing the failure, Mr. Vesey paid the amount of
his deposit into the Treasury of the United States.
He asks Congress to refund him the sum of
$1,320 57, and says he has executed an assignment to
the United States of all his right, title, interest, and
claim to the moneys still due from Green & Co.
The present minister to France recommends the
relief of Mr. Vesey.
The Secretary of the Treasury makes no recom-
mendation, but admits that Mr. Vesey has paid the
amount of the loss into the Treasury.
The chief clerk in the State Department pays a
high compliment to Mr. Vesey as a faithful officer,
and says that lull confidence may be placed in his
statements.
The Secretary of State expresses his confidence in
Mr. Vesey's account of his loss, and says this gentle-
man was for many years in the employ of the Gov-
ernment under his Department in several consu-
lates, and enjoyed a high reputation for integrity,
capacity, and the faithful discharge of all the duties
of his position.
That the money was lost by the failure of the
bankers; that it was funds belonging to the United
States, though standing to the credit of Mr. Vesey;
that it has been made good to the United States, are
facts which the committee assume as established.
The evidence is not before us showing the standing
and reputed solvency of Green & Co. at the time of
failure, though from the report made to this body on
May 23,1860, by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
it would seem there was satisfactory evidence before
them that up to the date of their suspending pay-
ment the credit of Green & Co. was good, ana their
branch house at Havre regarded a safe place for the
deposit of moneys, better much than the keeping of
them by Mr. Vesey, either at tho consulate or at
his residence. Such is the testimony of Mr. Mason,
at that time minister from this country to France.
We think the evidence shows that the consul was
not guilty of want of caution in making his deposits
with this banking-house, if he chose to commit pub-
lic funds to the hands of others at all tor safe-
keeping.
The deposit, however, was at his risk. He was
bound to account for all the consular fees collected,
and he confessed his liability at law by promptly
accounting for the money.
Shall he or the Government be the loser? The
committee are of opinion that Mr. Vesey should be
relieved, and accordingly report a bill herewith,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that bill go over. I
do not believe in that at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
exchange of property in chicago.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1550) providing for the exchange of
the old custom-house, and post office site and
buildings, in Chicago, for other lands in that
city.
Mr. COLE. What is the sum mentioned
to be paid ?
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The sum is not
named. There is to be an appraisement, as
the Chair understood the reading of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] does not seem to be in his seat.
There are some questions I should like to ask
him. Let the bill be passed over without losing
its place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
joseph wkscoxt
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of Joseph
Wescott, of Portland, Maine, which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment to Joseph Wescott,
of Portland, Maine, of $2,325, in full pay-
ment of his claim against the Government for
granite delivered by him in 1860 at the navy-
yard, Norfolk, Virginia., and since used in the
construction of buildings and continuation of
quay-wall.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the report be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Wright on the 7th instant:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was recom-
mitted (bill II. R. No. 2039) an act for the relief of
Joseph Wescott, of Portland, Maine, have again
had the same under consideration, and beg leave to
submit the following report:
To avoid again stating the nature of the claim,
they here incorporate the former report, and dis-
cuss the facts there disclosed, fri view of the addi-
tional testimony submitted by the petitioner.
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
(bill H. E. No. 2039) an act for the relief of Joseph
Wescott, of Portland, Maine, have, after due con-
sideration, instructed me to submit the following
r6$h^bill before us allows the claimant $2,325 for
granite delivered in 1860 at the navy-yard, Nor-
folk, Virginia, and afterward used by the Govern-
ment in the construction of buildings and construc-
tion of quay-walls.
The testimony accompanying the bill tends to
show that the petitioner had a contract with the
Government prior to 1860 for building a stone pier at
Norfolk, Virginia; that thiscontract was completed
in the spring of that, year; that he had a lot of gran-
ite not needed in hiscontract, and obtained the con-
sent of the officer in charge of the navy-yard to store
it therein, and that it was understood that, whes an
appropriation should be made for the construction
of the quay-wall, the granite would be used, and he
paid a fair price therefor. It is fairly probable that
there were thirty-one hundred cubic feet of granite
thus stored, which by the petition is valued at one
dollar per cubic toot, and for which, by the bill, he
is allowed twenty-four per cent. less.
The real question of difficulty is, what portion of
this granite, if any, was used by the Government?
The engineer of the Bureau of Docks and Yards,
in a letter of August 29,1869, says:
" I have no doubt there was a quantity of stone at
the yard belonging to you. (the memorialist,) nor
do I doubt that it was used by the Government, but
unfortunately there seems to be no satisfactory way
of ascertaining the quantity, the records, if there
were any, having been destroyed at the time the
yard was burned."
The chief of the bureau, under date of December
24,1869, says, in substance, that of his own knowl-
edge, or so far as the records show, he knows nothing
of the claim.
The agents of the memorialist who were on the
ground, and acting for him, state that those stones
when placed in theyard were " piled separately from
other stone."
The engineer of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
in a statement of December 24, 1869, confirms his
statements of his letter of August 29,1869, stating
that while it is beyond doubt that the stone was
used by the Government, there is no positive evi-
dence of any Government officer as to the exact
quantity used.
In January, 1865, Worrall, civil engineer, at Nor-
folk, writing to the commandant in relation to these
stones, says they were said to have been landed or
stored a short time before the evacuation of the
place by the United States forces in 1861; that they
were placed on the north side of the yard; that there
wa^ testimony tending to show that there was one or
two hundred tons of dressed stone not stacked with
the main bulk of the stone; that the presumption
was that all belonged to the Government; that a
few pieces were used since the reoccupation of the
yard by our forces: that they may have been used
by the so-called rooel government while they held
the yard, but of this there is no one to testify; that
petitioner claimed he surveyed the pile shortly atter
the reoccupation, and that he thought it looked
pretty much as he left it in 1860; but the officer
knows nothing about the matter whatever.
In September, 1869, the chief of the bureau writes
to the petitioner that "though the probability is
strong that the stone left by you was used either by
the rebels or by us after our reoccupation, it would
not be possible for this bureau to entertain the idea
of paying for what was not asked for, nor what wo
have no proof thatwe have used, after a fair inquiry
with the view of ascertaining the fact."
And thus we have all the evidence as to tho use of
tho stone by the Government.
It seems to us, in a case so susceptible of almost
demonstration, it is very vague and loose indeed.
If used, those stones were put into some building or
improvement erected or made by the Government.
Assuming that these structures were erected or made
under tho supervision of Government officers, made,
too, undersuch contracts as are usually entered into
for such purposes, it is a little remarkable that this
quantity of material could not be distinctly and un-
mistakably traced and their precise place located.
It could be certainly shown where the other stone
were obtained, if an additional quantity was used,
and thus lay an approximately reliable basis of find-
ing what was used of that left by petitioner. If
some other was used, then the case could be made
even clearer. The property for which compensation
iy claimed is not of small dimensions, not of light
and easy destructible material, butof great size, sim-
ilar, as we presume, to that used by the petitioner
under his contract, and hence not difficult of iden-
tification.
Tticn, too, the yard was for some time, as it
appears, in tho possesion of the rebel forces, and
what they used or destroyed does not appear, and it
seems to be impossible to show, or at least it is not
shown, what wa  used by our Government and what
by the enemy.
UtfderaJl the circumstances, we feel constrained
to hold that the evidence does not warrant the pass-
age of the bill submitted for examination, and we
therefore recommend its indefinite postponement.
It will be seen that there was no question before
but that Wescott had the granite at the Norfolk
navy-yard, nor us> to the amount left there; nor,
again, as to its value. The real point of difficulty
was, what portion of it was used by the Government,
And our conclusion then was, that in a case so sus-
ceptible of clearer evidence, there was not sufficient
to warrant the allowance ot the claim. _
Since making the former report, claimant has
submitted the following additional evidence:
Mr. Hanscom, chief of Bureau of Construction
and Repairs, (Navy Department,) under date of the
23d of January last, says, " that I was stationed at
the Norfolk navy-yard in 1863, and am cognizant of
the fact that a large quantity of cut granite was in
