1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
42d Cong....3d Sess.
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. o® Reps.
matchless men who conceived and formed
and for half a century protected our institu-
tions?
good faith OF the government.
No one of these claimants, no committee of
Congress, no hired advocate, no citizen of the
.country has ever questioned the good faith of
the Government or its earnestness and ability
in its efforts prior to September 30, 1800, to
secure from Prance the recognition and pay-
ment of all just claims of our citizens. Presi-
dents Washington and Adams and their Cabi-
nets and Congress, in the midst of most critical
and embarrassing times, tried and exhausted
all honorable efforts of diplomacy and expos-
tulation to protect our citizens and our com-
merce against the enraged and warring nations
of Europe, and especially against the lawless
depredations of France. The Government,
from time to time, sent embassadors and other
public ministers of our most eminent, compe-
tent, and experienced citizens to France to
interpose, in all the peaceful ways known to
the intercourse of natioiis, for the protection
of our sea-faring citizens in all lawful com-
merce. But all these efforts failed, the strife
in Europe went on, neutral commerce was not
respected either by France or Great Britain,
the most solemn treaty obligations were disre-
garded by France, and our citizens suffered
from many lawless depredations. No negli-
gence on the part of our Government, there-
fore, furnishes any equitable or legal ground
for the payment by it of these claims.
duty of the government toward citizens is
their relations to foreign nations.
What was it, then, the duty of our Govern-
ment to do? Should it have made war in
order to vindicate the rights of .these injured
citizens ? Should it have refused forever to
make peace until their demands were paid ?
Its supreme duty was to protect the country,
its institutions, its territory, and its honor.
It should also have given the amplest protec-
tion to the individual citizens that was con-
sistent with its duty to all the people. But it
was under no obligation to make war, or to
issue letters of marque or reprisal, or to re-
fuse to discontinue either if commenced, or to
defer the regstablishment of peace, in order
to vindicate individual rights. It is in no
legal sense the insurer either of the persons
or estates of the people against violence from
each other, or from strangers, or from foreign
nations. Our Government, under our written
Constitution, is the sole judge of its own duty
toward its citizens in their relations with for-
eigners. It may make war or refuse to do
it, and in either case it incurs no liability
whatever to individuals. It may also make
peace or refuse to make it with the like
freedom.
basis of demand of claimants.
Then, Mr. Speaker, if the Government has
been guilty of no bad faith or laches, and has
done nothing in the exercise of its rightful
functions which it had not a clear right to do
in the conduct of our foreign affairs, whence
comes the pretended liability of the United
States to pay these claims? It is said to
result from the fact that our country concl-uded
a treaty of peace with France on September
80, 1800, which in legal effect, if not in terms,
abandoned the further prosecution of these
claims by the United States, and annulled the
preexisting treaties between the two countries
out of the violations of which by Franca these
claims arose, and thus made it impossible also
for the claimants themselves to prosecute
them further against France. In other words,
these claimants allege that by this treaty the
United States released France from these
claims, and in consideration thereof France
released the United States from the onerous
stipulations of the treaties of alliance and eom-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 10.
merce with France of 1778, and thereby, in
legal acceptation, used the liabilities or debts
of France to our citizens to pay to France
certain alleged damages accruing to her from
the United States by reason of the latter's vio-
lations of those treaties, and also in order to
secure the cancellation of those treaties. In
other words, the basis of this assumed liability
is an allegation of bad faith and national dis-
honor on the part of our country in its rela-
tions and dealings with France. This ground
of responsibility is, to say tho least of Ft, very
extraordinary and suspicious. It demands
careful examination of
treaties of alliance and commerce.
These treaties were both executed on Feb-
ruary 6,1778, at Paris. It is not needful here
to consider all their provisions, because this
controversy connects itself guly with a few of
them. I ask attention, therefore, Mr. Speaker,
first to the material stipulations of the one called
the treaty of alliance. These are set forth fully
in the eleventh and twelfth articles. I request
special attention of the House to the important
fact that both in spirit and in terms these
stipulations as they affect the respective par-
ties are mutual and reciprocal. I read:"
"Art. 11. The two parties guaranty mutually
from the present time, and forever, against, all Pow-
ers, to wit: the United Statos to his most Christian
Majesty, the present possessions of tho Crown of
Franoe in Americi, as well as thosewhich it may ao-
quire by the future treaty of peace. And his most
Christian Majesty guaranties onhis pait to tho Uni-
ted States their liberty, sovereignty, and independ-
ence, absolute and unlimited, as well in matters of
government as commerce, and also their possessions,
and the additions of conquests, that their oonfedora-
tion may obtain during the war from any of the do-
minions now or heretofore possessod by Great Brit-
ain in North America, conformable to the filth and
sixth articles, above writt.on.the whole as theirpos-
sessions shall bo fixod and assured to the said States
at the moment of the cessation of their present war
with England.
"Akt. 12. In order to fix more precisely the sense
and application of tho preceding article, the con-
tracting parties declare, that in case of a rupture
between 1 ranee and England the reciprocal guaran-
tees declared in the said articlo shall havo full force
andeffeot the moment such warthall break out, and if
such rupture shall not take place, the mutual obliga-
tions of the saidguaranteeshall not commence until
the moment of the cessation of the present war be-
tween the United States and England shall have
ascertained their possessions."
The scope, aim, and animus of these stipu-
lations are apparent at a glance. We were
engaged in a war for independence with Great
Britain, the long continued rival and enemy
of France. Successful aid to us was affective
hostility against Great Britain. Besides, many
of the best and noblest citizehs of France—but
not her Government—cherished generous and
sincere sympathy with us in our struggle for
freedom ana free institutions. Out of these
conditions this treaty had very natural origin.
These claimants are driven by their necessities
to maintain that our country grossly and wick-
edly violated these solemn covenants with
France. Is this proposition tenable? Wash-
ington and Adams and Jefferson answered no.
All their great compeers said no. Congress
always denied it. They all held in 1793 and
thenceforward that the casus foederis had not
occurred; that the European war then pre-
vailing was not the kind of war out of which
it could arise. To this opinion they all con-
sistently and continually adhered. On this
point I will read an extract from the speech of
Chancellor Bibb, of Kentucky, a great jurist
and statesman:
"No decision of tho Government has been more
uniformly and firmly adhered to than that which
proclaimed to the world, in 1793, that the former
treaties with France did not, of right, oblige the
United States to succor France in that war. Iho
Government never at any time admitted that the
casus feeder is could be applied to tho war in which
France was then engaged. In the instructions of
June 1,1795, from tho President, by Mr. Randolph,
the Secretary of State, to our minister at Paris, Mr.
Monroe, it is expressly declared that, 'no casus
fader it had arisen upon our alliance with France.
We had not, nor have we yet. been required to
execu te the guarantee.' In 1797 our .envoys, Pinck-
ney, Marshall, and Gerry, were instructed by the
President, that no casus fctderis under our treaty
with France had occurred."
Such was the solemn decision of our coun-
try. It was made by those who alone had
power to make it. It was never modified or
repealed. It bound these claimants. It waa
wise and just. I accept it as proper and just
in itself and as conclusive against the pretense
of these claimants now. But they say our
rulers sought relief from this alliance by
negotiation. So they did; it ought never to
have been made ; any European alliance was
unwise; it was forbidden by sound principle
and the spirit of our institutions; our states-
men knew it and felt it; hence their most
proper desire to be relieved from it. But no
obligation or promise to pay these claimants
could result from these facts. It is absurd and
trifling with legal and moral principles to
maintain it. The casus foederis might arise
in future years if the alliance continued. Wise
foresight therefore demanded its abrogation.
That was the motive of our statesman, and not
relief against an accrued liability under it for
indemnity for its violation by us.
I next invite attention to the material por-
tions of the treaty of amity and commerce.
I read article seventeen at length:
" Art. 17. It shall bo lawful for the ships of war
of either party, and privateers, freely to oarry
whithorsoover they please tbeshipa aDd goods taken
from their enemies, without being obliged to pay
any duty to the officers of the admiralty or any
other judges; nor shall such prized be arrested or
seized when they come to and enter the ports of
either party; nor shall tho searchers or other offi-
cers of those places search the same, or make exam-
ination concerning the lawfulness of such prizes,
but they may hoist sail at any time, and depart and
carry their prizes to the places expressed m their
commissions, which tho commander* of such ships
of war shall be obliged to show; on tho contrary, no
shelter or refuge snail be given in their ports to
such as shall havo made prize of the subjects, peo-
ple, or property of either of the parties; but if Such
shall come in, feeing forced by stress of weather, or
the danger of the sea, all proper means shall be
vigorously used that they go out and retiro froia
thence as soon as possible."
It will be readily perceived by every intelli-
gent person, upon the thoughtful reading of
this article, how easily—and especially in a
time of such general revolution and interna-
tional conflicts as prevailed from 1793 to 1800,
between France and other European nations—
differences of construction would arise, and
angry feelings be engendered, and the peace
of the two nations endangered. These natu-
ral expectations were realized, the demands of
France were exacting and excessive, and were
dictated often by her straightened circum-
stances and her necessities. But closely akin
to this article is article twenty-two, which,
therefore, I deem it proper to read:
"Art. 22. It shall not be lawful for any foreign
privateers not belonging to subjects of the most
Christian king (France) nor citizens of the said
United States who havecommissionsfrom any other
prince or State in enmity with cithor nation, to fit
their ships in the ports of either the one or the other
of the aforesaid parties, to sell what they havo
taken, or in any other manner whatsoever to ex-
change thoir ships, merchandises, or any other
lading; neither shall they be allowed evon to pur-
chase victuals, except such as shall be necessary for
their going to ihe next port of that prince or State
from which they have commissions."
I will not now stop to speak of the interpret-
ation, or the true intent and meaning, of this
article. But it is most necessary here to re-
mark that the provisions of both these articles
can only be intelligently, legally, or justly con-
strued in connection with article twenty-three.
Because by the latter the former are, in very
important respects, modified, restrained, and
limited. Article twenty-three distinctly dis-
closes the chief idea and aim of this treaty of
amity and commerce to be the establishment
of the mutual and reciprocal right of the sub-
jects of each nation to carry on a free trade
