1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
neat, not confining the discharge of these
duties lo officers of the Aruay, hut providing
that *Luy person might be appointed and leav-
ing the number without limit. The matter
was discussed somewhat yesterday afternoon.
We adjourned, and this morniug he comes iu
and proposes a substitute for that ameudmeut.
Now, we have dsacussed this matter, and I
think not less than a dozeu suggestions have
be?n made to him touching this amendment,
almost every one of which has baen accepted,
and now we are about to vote on this propo-
sition, aad 1 am sure nobody can claim that
we have had time to mature it and perfect it
as it should be perfected in view of its import-
ance.
Let me refer to just one matter iu this con-
nection. It is proposed that these inspectors
•hall have (tower to remove Indian agents and
superintendents. I very much doubt our right
to confer such a power upon these inspectors,
bat if we have the power I think it an exceed-
ingly dangerous one. See where we shall
stand. V< e have, a board of Indian commis-
sioners who have the general superinteudency
of Indian affairs. Here are appointed five or
more inspectors, and they proceed iu the dis-
charge of their duties. Suppose there shall
be a conflict between the two as to the proper
discharge of the work of the several superin-
tendences ; who is to settle and determine it?
Suppose these inspectors shall determine to re-
move an agent or a superintendent, and the
board of Indian commissioners shall differ with
them; who is to settle that ? And thus it will
occur as inevitably as can be that conflict will
ensue between the inspectors thus proposed to
be appointed and the Indian board. Not only
so, but yon place a power in the hands of these
inspectors Ui&t, to say the least of it, is in my
judgment exceedingly dangerous.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
laboring under a wrong impression, if he will
allow me to correct him, on the question of
power. They are only authorized to suspend
temporarily.
Mr. WRIGHT. And report to the President.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That will fol-
low ih$ same power. That is tfc* language.
Mr. WRIGHT. And while thus suspended,
of course there can be ao discharge of duties
by the agent, and these inspectors have the
power to appoint some one to dicharge the
duties temporarily. I suggest that conflict
and eon fas ion and difficulty will inevitably
result if this power is given to these inspectors.
Not only that, you five them the power to go
there twice a year; their means of information
must necessarily be meagre ; they have but
little opportunity to inform themselves with
ngud to the discharge of the duties of the
agents and superintendents; and whether they
are influenced by feeling, whether they are in-
fluenced by proper motives, whatever may be
the motives influencing them, they neverthe-
less can suspend these officers and appoint
other persons to discharge the duties in the
mean times I never would confer any such
power upon inspectors who are thus appointed
and who have such little opportunities to in-
form thessselves with regard to the discharge
of these duties. I think it would be better to
leave this matter where it is, in the hands of
the Interior Department, instead of conferring
this power and devolving this duty upon these
persons.
I repeat, sir, what I said in the beginning,
in a measure of this importance, involving so
much, changing, it may be, our entire policy
with reference to the discharge of these duties,
I do not think the Senate ought to pass such a
proposition as this without its having gone to
a committee, and a full aad fair opportunity
had to investigate it. There is no step that
we take, there is nothing done in the Senate
that is attended with more pernicious conse-
quences than hasty legislation incorporating
into a bill of this kind a general proposition
without its having ever gone to a committee.
42d Cong. 3d 8es3.—No. 31.
I therefore feel that my duty is to vote against
this amendment. I ask and invite, and shall
always vote for, the fullest investigation and
examination of these matters, but 1 iusist when
we pass a measure of a general nature of this
kind that it shall be properly matured, and we
know where we stand.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote against
this proposition, and I am state in one word
my reason for so doing. I have no doubt this
Indian fund is depredated upon by almost
every person who has any connection with it.
I think the records of the country show that
something is wrong in the expenditures for
Indian purposes. We have continually in-
creased them until they now reach $7,000,000,
or did so during the last fiscal year. Some-
thing, therefore, must be wrong. The very dis-
crepancy which exists in the appropriations
for Indian purposes demonstrates clearly to
my mind that there is something wrong in ref-
erence to the amount appropriated for them.
I have no doubt, and 1 think this discussion
has disclosed and demonstrated the fact; that
the Indian agents and the various middlemen
between the Treasury and the Indians appro-
priate a part of this money for their own ben-
efit ; ana I have had some serious misgivings,
under the lights which have been thrown out
in this discussion, however anxious I may be
to properly provide for the poor Indian, as to
my duty to vote for this bill at all, because I
am compelled in voting for these appropria-
tions to vote amounts which ought not to be
abstracted from the Federal Treasury.
Now, in reference to the immediate proposi-
tion of conferring power upon these inspectors
to institute proceedings for the removal of the
Indian agents, I think there is much in the
suggestions of the Senator from Iowa. I have
no doubt that when these inspectors go out
there thqy will desire to see the Indian agents
superseded by their own friends, and will take
steps to have them removed and their own
friends put in their places. I am not certain
that the service will be benefited by any such
proceeding. But my opposition to this measure
is not upon that ground, but upon the ground
that it makes a further appropriation of money
when the amount already appropriated is, in
my judgment, too large. I shall, therefore,
vote against any further appropriation in that
regard.
There is something wrong with reference to
this matter. That has been admitted. The
Senator from Ohio says that we are now pay-
ing out money under treaties to tribes that
have no existence as tribes. If that is true,
we ought to ascertain it and curtail the ex-
penditures to that extent. The remedy sug-
gested by the Senator from Nevada is to ab-
rogate the treaties. We ought to have inform-
ation as to the true condition of affairs, and
if there are no such tribes in existence, then
we ought to abrogate the treaties ; but we
cannot afford to abrogate the treaties unless
there are no such tribes in existence.
Mr. WINDOM. If the Senatorwill pardon
me, I think he must have misunderstood the
Senator from Ohio. It certainly has not been
asserted to-day or at any other time that there
was an appropriation in this bill for a tribe
that does not exist.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the Senator
from Ohio said yesterday that we were paying
money to a chief called Rolling-off-tne-log,
when there was no such chief, and no tribe of
which he could be chief.
Mr. WINDOM. I am certain there is no
appropriation here for Rolling-off-the-log.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator from
Ohio introduced that to illustrate what we
were doing. I know that in the remarks that
have been made on this subject it has been
s«id we are paying annuities to tribes that have
dwindled down to a mere nominal number
under treaties made with them when they were
really tribes. '
My remedy for this whole thing is to lessen
these appropriations. I should be glad to vote
for this bill to-day with an appropriation of
$3,000,000. lfl could have my own way I would
not vote one cent beyoud that, for I have no
doubt that is more than reaches the Indians or
is properly expended for their benefit. 1 shull
therefore vote against this immediate proposi-
tion lo increase the Indian agents because it
will extract more money from the Federal
Treasury.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Chair whether
the amendment is open to amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the words " pro-
ceedings at law " 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. % The Chair
will observe that the Senator from California
proposed a modification of the amendment,
and if he insists upon it that will be first in
order.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I will withhold my
amendment for the present.
Mr. STEWART. I supposed that the
amendment of the Senator from California
was adopted.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from California has been
accepted, and therefore the original amend-
ment is open to further amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from California was accepted by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, and therefore the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware is now in
order.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I move to insert
after the words "legal proceedings" the
words " which it shall be the duty of the dis-
trict attorney of the United States for the
appropriate district duly to effectuate."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the original amendment as
amended, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 16 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham,
Cameron, Casserly, Corbott, Cragin, Davis, Flana-
gan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Logan, Machen, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Ransom, Scott,
Sherman, Spra^ae, Stevenson, Stewart, Thurman,
Vickers, ana West—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, Lewis, Pratt,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Tipton,Windom, and Wright—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Ulair,Brown-
low, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Cooper, Ed-
mands, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas.
Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Morton, Norwood,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wil-
son—28.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strike out in
line thirteen hundred and forty-two, on the
fifty-fifth page, the words "$1,314,000," and
insert in lieu thereof the words "$800,000."
This is a provision for furnishing the Sioux
Indians on the reservation lying immediately
adjacent to the State of Nebraska beef and
flour. The provision as it now stands in the
bill appropriates $1,314,000 for beef and flour
under the treaty of April 29, 1868. By the
tenth article of that treaty the United States
stipulated to furnish for four years one pound
of beef and one pound of flour for each In-
dian of four years of age and upward who
permanently settled on that reservation, the
treaty providing for the settlement of the Sioux
upon that reservation. The obligation of the
Government, therefore, is not to furnish to
any roving Sioux or any who have not per-
manently settled on the reservation.
Now, we have no assurance so far as I can
discover, none has been given to us, that there
are twenty thousand Sioux permanently set-
tled on that reservation. I put the question
to the Senator who has this bill in charge, and
