146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
42d Oonq....3d Sess.
with the enemies of the other, restricted only
by the stipulations of the same treaty in rela-
tion to articles to be considered contraband of
war. Indeed, in all respects, both these trea-
ties of alliance and commerce must be con-
strued together, because they were both enacted
on the same day, and neither enjoys prece-
dence of the other, and the true office ofinter-
pretation is to reconcile their stipulations.
But let me ask the most careful attention to
the language of this important article:
"Art. 23. It shall be lawful for all and singular
the subjects of the most Christian king, and the citi-
zens, people, and inhabitants of the said United
States, to sail with their ships with all manner of
liberty and security, no distinction being made who
are the proprietors of the merchandises laden there-
on, from any port to the places of those who now are
or hereafter shall be at enmity with the most Chris-
tian king or the United States. It shall likewise be
lawful for the subjects and inhabitants aforesaid to
sail with the ships and merchandises aforemen-
tioned, and to trade with the same liberty and secur-
ity from the places, ports, and havens of those who
are enemies of.both or either party, without any
opposition or disturbance whatsoever, not only di-
rectly from the places of tho enemy aforementioned
to neutral places, but also from one place belonging
to an enemy to another place belonging to an en-
emy, whether they be under the jurisdiction of the
same prince or under several. And it is hereby
stipulated that free ships shall also give a freedom
to goods, and that everything shall be deemed to bo
free and exempt which shall be found on board tho
ships belonging to the subjects of either of the con-
federates, although the whole lading or any, part
thereof should appertain to the enemies of either,
contraband goods being always excepted. It is also
agreed in like manlier that the same liberty be ex-
tended to persons who are on board a free ship, with
this effect, that, although they be enemies to both
or either party, they are not to be taken out of that
free ship unless they are soldiers and in actual ser-
vice of enemies."
Article twenty-four, whose sole office is to
define what shall be considered in the inter-
course of the two nations goods contraband of
war and what shall not, needs not to be read
by me at length. It is enough to state the fact
that it specifies hundreds of articles which
shall not be reckoned among contraband or
prohibited goods ; and yet nearly all those
articles were then, and are now, by the law of
nations held to be contraband of war. Our
commerce with Prance was thereby, in refer-
ence to these things, regulated by very different
rules and laws from those which determined
the like commerce with the nations generally.
Thereafter our merchants were required to
observe one rule in their commercial inter-
course with France, and very different rules
in the like intercourse with Great Britaia,
Spain, Austria, or any other nation. Here
was another fruitful source of international
differences and misunderstandings, in great
part, no doubt, unanticipated and unforeseen
when these treaties were negotiated, but not
therefore the less real, vexatious, and embar-
rassing. Many of the practical workings of
these treaties were positive surprises to France
when she became involved in a European war,
and demonstrated that the treaties were in very
many important respects directly injurious to
her.
A few illustrations will better indicate the
truth and force of this statement. By the gen-
eral law of nations, enemy's goods in neutral
vessels are liable to capture and condemna-
tion; therefore, goods of citizens of Prance
found in vessels of American citizens bound
for a French port, when England and France
were at war, might be lawfully captured by
Groat Britain; but the goods of Englishmen
found in American bottoms bound for a Brit-
ish port could not be lawfully captured by
France, because Prance had in article twenty-
three changed the international law and stip-
ulated with the United States that "free ships
shall also give a freedom to the goods," and
this, too, whether the goods were the property
of an enemy or a friend. Again, France stip-
ulated in article twenty-four that all sorts of
cloths and provisions, cables, anchors, and
all ship-building materials, should not be con-
sidered contraband of war; but by the law of
nations they are contraband of war. There-
fore, if an American vessel had cleared for a
French port laden with a cargo of these things,
it would have been liable to seizure by a Brit-
ish cruiser as contraband of war, being car-
ried to an enemy, while the same vessel clear-
ing with the same cargo for a British port
could not have been lawfully captured by a
French cruiser without violation of the treaty
with us, although the cargo was being carried
to her enemy. During that great struggle
just such anomalous and irritating complica-
tions did in fact often arise.
some practical results of these treaties.
Now, Mr, Speaker, is it at all surprising that
under such complicated relations there arose
many difference^ between France and the
United States ? If ourrulers had been willing
to adopt, and govern their action by, the con-
structions of their obligations by France, it is
unquestionably true that we would have be-
come at once involved in general war, with all
its frightful evils and expenditures, and yet
without ability to protect ourselves and our
commerce, or to give effective aid to France
against her enemies. We were young, com-
paratively feeble, without a navy, having some
strength for domestic defense against external
attacks, but almost powerless for aggressive
warfare against foreign nations. When war
was inaugurated between France and Great
Britain late in 1792, and often thereafter,
France claimed the right to purchase ships,
arm them as privateers, commission officers
for them, enlist our citizens to man them,
and to send them forth from our ports to
cruise against British vessels upon our coasts.
But there is no warrant for such demands
in article seventeen of the treaty of com-
merce, and they had no other basis. Then
the privilege granted to France by article
twenty-two of tlie same treaty, for her armed
vessels, privateers, and their prizes to enter
Our ports, was held by her to exclude
Great Britain from the like privilege. The
jealousy and insolent power of Great Britain
were thereby aroused, and she seat a portion
of her va3t navy to hover upon our coasts
and block up our ports and harbors. Both
belligerents wanted and needed provisions
from the United States. British ports were
open and free to our vessels, and French
cruisers could not lawfully seize them if bound
to a British port and laden with breadstuff's,
provisions, and ship building materials; but
Great Britain could lawfully seize the same
vessels and cargoes if bound to French ports.
The ministers of France remonstrated earn-
estly and angrily against these practical re-
sults of their own treaties, accused us of par-
tiality, demanded that we should make com-
mon cause with them, complained that we
suffered the neutrality of our flag to be vio-
lated by the British without resistance, and
charged us with bad faith in the general policy
adopted by our country.
france first violated the treaties.
All Europe was in fervent heat. The war
raged with ever-increasing fierceness. The
belligerents were daily fulminating against
each other decrees and counter-decrees of a
hostile nature. The absorbing purpose of each
was to injure the other, without any decent re-
gard for the rights of neutrals, and all the
time the interests of neutral nations and the
obligations of treaties with them were treated
by both belligerents as matters of secondary
moment. Very early in this mighty conflict,
France cast off all reserve and pretense and
repeatedly violated her treaty obligations; and
before our proclamation of neutrality reached
Europe, and in direct violation of the treaty
of commerce, she issued her decree of May
9, 1793, for the capture of enemy's goods on
neutral vessels. This order, as to American
vessels, was suspended by her decrees of May
23 and July I, 1793, and was again revived
and continued in force against us by her decree
of July 27, 1793. Her cruisers acted accord-
ingly, both before and after these decrees, and
committed innumerable acts of violence, law-
lessness, and force, which were also acts of
war. They were so regarded by our rulers,
and by all intelligent publicists. Nations have
no common arbiter or umpire. Each must
determine the mode and measure of its own
redress when its international contracts are
broken by the other. The United States, then,
by the law of nations, and of self-preservation,
and of honor, were at liberty after these acts
of France to consider the treaties at an end,
and to regulate their conduct according to their
own views of interest and safety. They might
lawfully declare the treaties thenceforth null
and void, or they might continue to give them
such qualified observance as they deemed con-
sistent with the public welfare.
On November 19, 1794, our Government
concluded with Great Britain the Jay treaty,
of which I shall speak soon. Thereupon
France assumed that her rights were again
outraged by us, and her minister of foreign
affairs informed Mr. Monroe, our minister at
Paris, by way of justification for the conduct
of France, that since its ratification the Direct-
ory regarded the alliance between France and
,the United States at an end. Another note,
dated July 7, 1796, announced that France no
longer considered herself bound by the provis-
ions of the treaty with respect to the neutral-
ity of the flajr. By her decree of July 2, 1796,
it was ordered that—
"All neutral orallied Powers shall, without delay,
be notified that the flag of the French republio will
treat neutral vessels,, oither as to confiscation,
searches, or captures, in the same manner as they
shall suffer the English to treat them."
This order, in legal effect, was a partial
declaration of war against us. It was an act
of open hostility by resort to force. It was a
defiance of treaty obligations. It was not only
trifling with our rights, but it was making
open war against us. Yet the apologists and
defenders of France in Congress, the friends
of these claims who are compelled by the
exigencies of their case to deny the good faith
and honor of "the fathers" and of our coun-
try, would persuade us and the people that our
country was the wrongdoer and violator of
treaties in our relations with France.
the jay treaty with england.
The negotiation of the treaty of November
19, 1794, with Great Britain, was made one
ground of complaint against us by France, and
is now alleged by the friends of these claims
to have been on our part an act of bad faith
and hostility against France. Was it the in-
tent of our treaties with France to limit our
equality and sovereignty as a nation ? Or to
take from us the power to negotiate treaties of
friendship and commerce with other nations?
No gentleman will venture an affirmative
answer to these inquiries. Then how did we
offend in making the J ay treaty ? That treaty
may not have been in all respects wise or poli-
tic. It certainly elicited great discussion and
diversity of judgment among our own people
at the time. But how did it violate faith with
France? It is a treaty of general and com-
prehensive stipulations, many of which are in
substance very similar to those in our treaties
with France, and its declared purpose was to
establish " a firm, inviolable, and universal
peace, and a true and sincere friendship be-
tween Great Britain and the United States."
Some of its provisions, I agree, if literally
carried out without due reference to the whole
