1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
42d Cong....3d Sess.
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
treaty, would contravene some of our obliga-
tions under the French treaties. But this
brings me to mention the most significant fact,
that none of the gentlemen who espouse the
defense of these claims, and complain of this
Jay treaty, have ever suffered themselves in
this debate to bring to light the exceedingly
material and important stipulation in the
twenty-fifth article of that treaty, that—
" Nothing in this treaty contained shall, however, be
construed or operate contrary to former and existing
public treaties with other sovereigns or States'
Here is an express, bona fide, substantive
exception in favor of our covenants with
Prance, so far as they were at that time
subsisting obligations upon us. And this
specific reservation in favor of the French
treaties was demanded by Mr. Jay in express
compliance with his instructions from the
President of the United States. And this,
it appears to me, should make an end of
controversy concerning this treaty. The Jay
treaty was negotiated in no spirit of punic
faith on our part toward France, but only in
the rightful exercise of our sovereignty for the
promotion of our best interests as a nation.
AMERICAN POLICY OF NEUTRALITY. '
Mr. Speaker, I now return to an earlier
period in this discussion to speak of the ac-
tion of the wise and sagacious men, then in
authority in our country, in determining our
general policy toward the nations at war in
Europe. Washington was President, Jeffer-
son and Hamilton were in his Cabinet, and in
Congress were many of our ablest and wisest
men. The questions they had to consider
were most" delicate and difficult; they in-
volved the consideration of our relations both
with the treaty powers and others j the determ-
ination of the true requirements of all our
treaties as well as of national honor; and the
result of their deliberations was to decide the
success or failure of our effort to maintain free
institutions and self-government. They ap-
proached the discharge of their duty with great
solicitude and gravity. Public officers never
came to the performance of great duties with
higher motives or more unselfish patriotism.
Washington summoned his Cabinet to council,
and charged them upon formal written in-
quiries to advise him whether it was his duty,
as Chief Magistrate, to issue a proclamation
to prevent interference by our citizens in the
war between France and Great Britain, and
to declare American neutrality. He also pro-
pounded other inquiries at the same time, but
to them it is not necessary for the purposes of
this discussion to refer. His Cabinet, after
solemn deliberation, on Aprii 19, 1793, unani-
mously resolved—
" That a proclamation shall issue forbidding our
citizens to take part in any hostilities on the seas,
■with or against any of the belligerent Powers; and
"warning them against carrying to any such Powers
any of those articles deemed contraband, according
to tho modern usage of nations; and enjoining them
from all acts and proceedings inconsistent with the
duties of a friendly nation toward those at war.
In obedience to this advice, his own judg-
ment concurring, President Washington, April
22, 1793, issued his proclamation, the full im-
port and precise language of which are so
important to this controversy that I now read
it in full:
"Whereas it appears that a state of war exists
between Austria, Prussia, Sardinia, Great Britain,
and the United Netherlands, on the one part, and
France on the other; and the <fa«2/and interest ot
the United States require that thoy should with
sincerity and good faith adopt and pursue a conduct
friendly and impartial toward the belligerentPowers:
I hare therefore thought fit by these presents to de-
clare the disposition of the United States to observe
the conduct aforesaid toward those Powers respect-
ively and to exhort and warn the citizens ot the
United States carefully to avoid all acts and pro-
ceedings whatsoever, which may in any mannertend
to contravene such disposition. And I do hereby
also make known, thatwhosoever ufthe cozens of the
United States shall render himself ho.ble to punishment
or forfeiture under the law of nations, by committing,
aiding, or abetting hostilities against any of the said
Powers, or by carrying to any of them, those articles,
which are deemed contraband by the; modern usage of
nations, will not receive the protection of the United
States against such punishment or forfeiture; and fur-
ther, that I have given instructions to those officers
to whom it belongs to cause prosecutions to be insti-
tuted against all persons who shall within the cog-
nizance of the courts of tho United States violate the
law of nations with respeot to the Powers at war, or
any of them."
This great proclamation at once fixed and
settled the duty and the relations of our citi-
zens toward all the belligerents to the end of
that conflict, except as its effect was afterward
modified by the acts of Congress of May 28,
June 13, June25, June28, July 7, July 9,1798,
and February 9,1799, to which I will soon refer.
It elicited at first some remonstrance from
France. But at that very time France, with-
out right or color of right arising out of our
treaties with her, or the seventeenth article
of the treaty of amity and commerce in
particular, was violating our jurisdiction,
abusing our hospitality and national sympa-
thies, and unduly exciting against us the jeal-
ousy of Great Britain, by actually fitting out,
arming, equipping, and commissioning priva-
teers in our ports, and enlisting our citizens
to man them under the French flag, and
organizing French judicial tribunals in our
country to adjudicate and condemn their
prizes. No lawyer or statesman, however
anxious he may be to promote the demands
of these claimants, will be willing, I am sure,
to maintain that France had a right to do these
things, either by virtue of the treaties or of
the law of nations. Great Britain complained
that these acts violated our neutrality, and
should be prohibited. Her protest was just.
At length our Government so far yielded to
her complaints as to prohibit the French, as
we did all other nations, from fitting out, arm-
ing, equipping, or commissioning privateers in
our ports, and from enlisting our citizens to
bear arms under the French flag. This action
was unequivocally right, and required by hon-
est neutrality, and was not inconsistent with
our treaty obligations. But this action also
elicited at first Bitter complaints from France,
but soon thereafter it seemed satisfactory to
her authorities, and they so expressed them-
selves. This policy of neutrality, at first con-
demned by a few of the over-zealous cham-
pions of France in our country, was approved
most heartily by the great body of our people,
and expressly by Congress and by our courts,
and soon commanded the intelligent approval
of all parties and of the press, and has ever
since governed the conduct of all Adminis-
trations toward foreign belligerents. It was
approved by none more cheerfully than by
our citizens engaged in foreign commerce.
DID NOT THESE CLAIMANTS VIOLATE IT?
To them it had the force of law. It pre-
scribed and limited their rights and duties. It
was superior to treaties. It commanded them
to do nothing in violation of the law of na-
tions. It decreed that if they did, and there-
by incurred punishments or forfeitures, our
country would not protect them. It prohib-
ited them to carry to any of the belligerents
any articles contraband of war by the usage
of nations. Did they in fact obey this procla-
mation ? Did they in truth and in good faith
regulate their conduct and their commerce
according to its requirements? Notoriously
and undeniably they did not. The tempta-
tions were too great for resistance. The bel-
ligerents wanted innumerable articles of com-
merce that were contraband of war by the usage
of nations. They were willing to pay therefor
unusual and exorbitant prices. These aroused
the cupidity and reconciled the patri^ism of
thousands of merchants. They deliberately
estimated the chances and incurred the risks
and dangers. Marine insurance companies
gave them most effective aid. These com-
panies also estimated the risks, fixed their
charges for insurance at war rates, insured
vessels and cargoes whether contraband or
not, and thus commerce went on in increasing
volume, and gathered munificent profits. Both
exports and imports rapidly increased. Mer-
chants and insurance companies generally
realized fortunes with unaccustomed rapidity.
I am profoundly convinced that these remarks
apply with entire justice to at least nine tenths
of all the classes that originally preferred these
spoliation claims. To that extent, therefore,
I believe these claims to be absolutely unmerit-
orious. They are neither supported by law,
legal authority, nor sound morals. They come
not here with clean hands.
Why, Mr. Speaker, so extreme were the
necessities of both belligerents to obtain gen-
eral supplies and provisions from our country,
which were under the usage of nations contra-
band of war, that they were thereby compelled,
as by a superior and irresistible force, to
waive their right under the law of nations to
condemn and confisqate such vessels and car-
goes when captured as lawful prize, and to
agree that all such provisions' and supplies,
when captured by either belligerent in Amer-
ican vessels bound for the ports of the other,
should be taken into the ports of the captor,
and be there purchased and paid for—not con-
demned and confiscated—by the nation to
which the captor belonged, and that the pricc
to be there paid for them should be the mar-
ket price of the same provisions at the port
of their original destination. Therefore, an
American vessel thus laden, if bound for a
French port and captured by a British cruiser,
would be taken into a British port, and the
cargo would there be taken and paid for at the
price which it would then have brought in the
French port to which it was bound if it had
reached the latter without capture. And so,
interchangeably, if captured under like cir-
cumstances by a French cruiser.
Thus the desolating results of this great war
on the productive capacities of the belligerents
were made to minister effectively to the direct
advantage of our merchants engaged in ocean
commerce; so that, in spite of war, and of
hostile decrees, aud of angry and senseless
embargoes, and of wrangles about the con-
struction of the covenants in treaties, the
aggregates and profits of our commerce
swelled from year to year during the strug-
gle. I confess it is matter for surprise that,
in the midst of so much confusion and strife,
and so many dangers, the rewards of commerce
continued so great as to enable our merchants
to display so much of persistence, elasticity,
and power in its pursuit. Here I must say to
the House, under a deep sense of duty, that I
am forced by my investigation of these claims
to believe, and I do now believe, that hun-
dreds of them have no better or more honest
basis than the fact that their vessels were at
some time captured by French cruisers and
taken into port and paid for under the mu-
tual policy of the belligerent nations in refer-
ence to provisions and supplies to which I
have called the attention of the House. These
facts the claimants conceal from the country.
They allege that their vessels and cargoes wore
captured, and that may have been true. They
allege they were taken into French ports, and
that may be true. They allege their cargoes
were condemned, and that may be true. Rut
they neglect to say that the cargoes were fully
paid for and their vessels allowed to depart in
peace. This suppression of the truth is in
many cases most apparent. Hence the sus-
picious and scandalous looseness and lack of
certainty in the facts of so many of the cases.
They rely for their success on the credulity of
