484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. THURMAN. This ia what strikes me
as extremely singular: suppose this bill were
passed, could then within the two days some-
body move to reconsider a vote on a particu-
lar amendment ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not;
that would be foreclosed by the parliamentary
law that the greater includes the less. The
hill having passed it would foreclose any power
to reconsider any amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. And after the bill has
been read the third time an amendment can-
not he reconsidered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire if the
bill is still open to amendment?
1'he VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on reconsideration. After that shall
be decided, the bill will be open to amend-
ment under the thirtieth rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to make a merely
formal amendment I will say to my friend
from Minnesota so that he may not be uneasy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada uiov£s to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate non-concurred in the amendment
Uiaiie as in Committee of the Whole in regard
to the removal of the Winnebago Indians.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say one word more
to the Senate about that, and I am very sorry
to have to do so. I invited the Senator from
Nevada to submit that motion. I was in-
duced to do so for two reasons: in the first
place, I very much hope the Senate will re-
consider that vote ; and if the Senate shall
refuse to reconsider it I hope someone in the
Senate will tell me what the State of Wiscon-
sin ought to do with these people. That has
not been told yet. I think I ought, however,
to take this opportunity to show that this
measure does not orignate here, particularly
to show that the State of Wisconsin is specially
and deeply interested in the matter.
I have here a copy of a petition addressed
to the Governor of the State signed by a large
number of citizens living in one portion of
the State, in the county of Winnebago, who
complained very bitterly of the presence of
one of the bands belonging to this tribe who
were in that vicinity. They are divided into
several bands and they are wandering to and
fro in the State. Having no reservation to
live upon they go from neighborhood to neigh-
borhood. I have also here some letters which
have been addressed to the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs by the Governor of the State.
I want to read an extract from one of these
letters, the first one, I think, dated in July
last. The Governor says :
" Your favor of the 23d, informing me that the
Winnebago Indians of Nebraska refuse to receive
their Wisconsin brethren on their reservation, and
stating that if removed at all they must be removed
to the Indian country eouth of Kansas, is received.
Congress has more than once ordered these Indians
to be removed. They are here in large numbers,
probably not less than a thousand "—
I thought yesterday there were something
like seven hundred—
" and are becoming more and more annoying to
the people. If they iire not removed soon I am
satisfied that there will be trouble. I am advised
of a murder committed by them within the last two
or three weeks."
There is another letter subsequent to that,
which I will not detHin the Senate by reading.
Here, then, is the fact: there are something
like a thousand of these Winnebagoes, as the
Governor estimates, without any home in
Wisconsin; the only home they have by treaty
is in Nebraska, and the tribe to which they
belong refuse to allow them to settle there.
So says the Department.
Now I will not detain the Senate by any
reference to the question of civilizing them.
No Senator, on reflection, will stand up here
and say that these people stand any chance of
civilization when they are left floating about
with the winds there in the State of Wiscon-
sin. If you wiil give them a home somewhere
you can send churches and schools and farm-
ers and blacksmiths to them; but you cannot
send either of these institutions to them while
they are situated as they are now, unless you
send churches to travel with them and school-
houses to follow them about and farmers to
do the same. There is no element of civil-
ization that can reach them. If the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] means to persist
in his opposition to this, I wish he would tell
us what the State of Wisconsin should do with
these people. He did, as I thought, in a joke,
intimate his belief that these were citizens of
Wisconsin.
Mr. THURMAN. I was in earnest.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says he was in
earnest. I really thought he was in joke about
it when he first started the suggestion, but I
was evidently mistaken. ' I wish hereafter
when he starts a proposition he would tell us
specifically whether he is in joke or in earnest,
so that I need not be misled. I think on re-
flection, however, he will abandon that prop-
osition. Were they born in the Uuited States?
They were born within the limits of an Indian
reservation. That reservation I suppose was
within the United States ; but if they were born
in the United States in the sense of the four-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion, then every Indian in the United States
is born in the United States within the mean-
ing of that article. And the moment he gets
off from a reservation he becomes a citizen,
simply because then he is under the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, because every man,
no matter where he is born, while he is within
our jurisdiction is subject to our jurisdiction,
whether born in England or in the Choctaw
country or in Mexico, and every one of the
Indians in the United States the moment he
steps off from a reservation comes within the
sphere of our laws, within our jurisdiction,
and so becomes a citizen. That must be the
effect of the fourteenth amendment. But
the moment he goes back on to the Indian
reservation, then he is no longer a citizen; and
American citizenship is gained or lost simply
by crossing the boundary between an Indian
reservation* and the territory adjoining ! I
do not think that is a fair interpretation of the
fourteenth amendment, and we know that the
language of the fourteenth amendment was
carefully drawn for the express purpose of
excluding all the Indians from citizenship.
Here they are without any ability to take
care of themselves, without any chance to
take care of themselves, cut off from all im-
provement, absolutely the most destitute por-
tion of the Indian population of the United
States. You are contributing millions here
to the support of Indians, every one of whom
is better provided for, better able to take care
of himself than these are. These are the
men whom you refuse to contribute anything
for by .this vote. Then you mean to leave these
people, I take it, on the hands of the State of
Wisconsin, and subject that State to the duty
of supporting them. It seems to me a very
unjust measure, and I think if the Senate seri-
ously reflect upon it they will not insist on that.
I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate, but I do urge that the Senate will
reconsider the .vote by which it refused to
concur in the amendment of the Committee
of the Whole, and concur in the amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senator from Wisconsin. He knows
that I support his amendment, but I think- if
he will cast his eye about the Senate he will be
equally convinced that it cannot be considered
to-night, and to urge it will compel the bill to
go over to Monday. I ask him to reserve it and
put it on the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have not
wanted to embarrass this bill; but really the
State of Wisconsin expects that Congress will,
agree to tlfis amendment, will step in and re-
lieve her from this burden, and I think it my
bounden, solemn duty to ask Congress delib-
erately to do it. I am in hopes it will not
result in throwing this bill over until next
week. I have got this motion in as early as I
could. The Senate will bear me witness that
I have not embarrassed the bill in any stage
of it up to this time.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not wish to embarrass
the Senator from Wisconsin either, but I
think he has an equally good opportunity to
try the strength of this question on the miscel-
laneous bill. I will certainly give him all the
assistance I can there, and I hope he will
agree to test it there and not here.
Mr. CONlvLING. Having been ambitious
for some time to be heard 011 the Indian bill,
I avail myself of this opportunity. I have
been counting the Senate, and there are thirty-
three Senators here, and if this or any other
question is to be prosecuted to a divisiou we
shall break up, and some of us who are stay-
ing at great inconvenience already might as
well go now as wait, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Nevada withdraw his motion to
reconsider?
Mr. NYE. If the Senator from Wisconsin
consents.
Mr. HOWE. It is suggested that this pro-
vision will be just as pertinent to the miscel-
laneous bill. If that is so, rather than em-
barrass the Committee on Indian Affairs or
the Committee on Appropriations, I shall feel
inclined to accept that suggestion. I ask the
Chair if that is so?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the question.
Mr. HOWE. I ask if this proposition would
be as germane to the miscellaneous appropri-
ation bill ?
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. If the thirtieth
i rule were complied with in regard to amend-
[ ments to appropriation bills being submitted
in a certain way the Chair supposes it would
be germane to that bill.
Mr. HOWE. The same steps which made
it pertinent here would be required there?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it for the present, because, as I stated
yesterday, there are $36,000 appropriated to
remove these Indians to Nebraska, and we
have no information whether that has been
expended or not.
Mr. NYE. I- withdraw the motion to re-
consider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the motion to reconsider is
withdrawn. The Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] intimated that he had a verbal
amendment to offer.
Mr. CASSERLY. My amendment was in-
tended merely to limit this bill, as other ap-
propriation bills are limited, to the fiscal year.
I find on inquiry that the same object is
accomplished by legislation already adopted.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. ' I offer the following
amendment, to come in as an additional
section:
That whenever by the terms of this act the issue
of food, clothing, or supplies of any kind is pro-
vided for, it shall be the duty of the agent or com-
missioner issuing the same, at each issue thereof,
whether it be both of food and clothing or either of
them, or of any kind of supplies, to report to the
Indian Bureau the number of Indians present and
actually receiving the same; said reports to be em-
bodied. by the Indian Commissioner in his annual
report.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 3315) for the relief of Henry Gold
hammer, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
