148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. OF KEPS.
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
42d Oong....3d Sess.
Congress, being guilty of a fraudulent suppres-
sion of the truth in their records.
NEUTRALITY AS MODIFIED BY AfiTS Of CONGRESS.
Mr. Speaker, I had occasion to say a mo-
ment ago that our policy of neutrality was
modified by certain acts of Congress. I now
beg the attention of the House to some con-
siderations and facts on that subject. Not-
withstanding the self-seeking conduct of our
merchants, our Government never withdrew
its favor from them, or turned a deaf ear to
their complaints, or refused to interpose in
their behaif. It made untiring and unremitted
exertions to obtain redress for their losses.
It created extraordinary missions, expended
large sums, and exhausted peaceful efforts.
Still the strife went on, the belligerents ap-
peared to grow more furious, our commerce
was made to suffer from their depredations,
and the conduct of France and her citizeus
became simply intolerable and lawless. Her
Government not only refused compensation to
our citizens, but did it constantly and offens-
ively, and made baseless demands upon our
Governmentwhich, i-n the language of General
Washington in 1798, "amounted to tribute."
It was under these circumstances that our
Congress, deeply persuaded that no appeal or
argument but force could bring her to a decent
observance of international obligations and
duty, enacted on May 28, 1798, a law authoriz-
ing the capture of all armed vessels of France
which had committed depredations upon our
commerce, or should be found hovering upon
our coast for the purpose of committing such
depredations. W ith like motive, June 13,1798,
Congress enacted another law prohibiting all
vessels of the United States from visiting any
of the portg of France, under penalty of the
forfeiture of the vessel and cargo, and pro-
hibiting all vessels of France, armed or un-
armed, from enteringor remaining in any port
of the United States unless permitted by the
President by special passport. In order to
make more certain and effectual this policy of
force, on June 25, 1798, Congress authorized
the merchant vessels of the United States to
arm and to defend themselves against any
search, restraint, or seizure by vessels sailing
under French colors, to repel force by force,
to capture any French vessel attempting a
search, restraint, or seizure, and to recapture
any American merchant vessel which had been
captured by the French. By the actof June
28, 1798, Congress authorized the forfeiture
and condemnation of all French vessels cap-
tured in pursuance of the acts already men-
tioned, and provided for the distribution of the
prize money, and for the confinement and sup-
port, at the expense of the United States, of
prisoners taken in the captured vessels. By
the act of July 7, 1798, Congress declared:
" Whereas the treaties concluded between the
United States and France have been repeatedly vio-
lated oil the part of the French Government, and
the just claims of the United States for reparation
of the injuries so committed have been refused, and
their attempts to negotiate an amicable adjustment
of all complaints between the two nations have been
repelled with indignity; and whereas under the
authority of the French government there is yet
pursued against the Uiuted States a system of pred-
atory violence, infracting the said treaties, and hos-
tile to the rights of a free and independent nation :
'' jie it enacted, That the United btates_ are oi
right freed and exonerated from the stipulations ot
the treaties and of the consular convention hereto-
fore concluded between the united fctatcs ana
France: and that the same shall not henceforth be
regarded as legally obligatory on tile Government
or citizens of the United fotates."
By the act of July 9, 1798, Congress author-
ized the capture, by the public armed vessels
of the United States, of all armed French
vessels, whether within the jurisdictional
limits of the United States or upon the high
seas, their condemnation as prizes, their sale,
and the distribution of the prize money; em-
powered the President to grant commissions
to private armed vessels to make the same
captures, and with the same rights and powers
as public armed vessels ; and provided for the
safe-keeping and support of the prisoners
taken, at the expense of the United States.
By the act of March 3, 1799, Congress
directed the President, in case any citizens
of the United States taken on board vessels
belonging to any of the Powers at war with
France, by French vessels, should be put to
death, corporeally punished, or unreasonably
imprisoned, to retaliate promptly and fully
upon any French prisoners in the power of the
United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have referred briefly
as possible to this series of enactments—rapid,
resolute, and warlike—omitting others of like
import, for the purpose of making impressive
upon the mind of the House the groat truth
that they were acts of war and were so in-
tended. They were rapidly followed by mili-
taryand naval preparations. The great Wash-
ington was recalled to the command of the
Army. A condition of open and undisguised
hostility immediately resulted, and war begau
upon the ocean. France withdrew her min-
ister from our Government and refused to re-
ceive the American commissioners. We made
captures and condemned them as prizes. We
fought battles and took prisoners. The obli-
gations of neutrality toward Franco were sus-
pended. Our merchants became sailors and
their vessels ships-ol'-wur. They captured ves-
sels and cargoes of the enemy. They took
prisoners, and the Government guarded and
fed them. Yet during this very period of war
hundreds of these spoliation claims arose, and
therefore had no legal merit, because they
occurred in a state of war, and the parties who
suffered voluntarily assumed their own risk.
They had no guarantee from the Govern mom,.
Letters of marque and reprisal were granted
them on their own request. They took them
for their own advantage. There was no prom-
ise, express or implied, that if they sus-
tained capture or loss our Government would
make thein whole.
TUB STiTS OF WAR ANIJ ITS HFKKCT ON CLAIS1S.
But the friends of these ancient claims
think it essential to their success to deny that
all this was war. They indulge in metaphysi-
cal distinctions to make it appear what it was
not. If it was war its legal effect upon their
claims would be disastrous. Therefore they
must needs maintain that it was not war. But
unhappily for them, the Supreme Court in
1800, by a unanimous judgment, say it was
war. The case before the court depended upon
the question whether a state of war existed
between the two nations. Mr. Justice Wash-
ington, in his opinion, said:
" It may, I believe, be safely laid down that every
contention by force between two nations, in ex-
ternal matters, under the authority of their respect-
ive Governments, is not only war, but public war."
" Congress had raised an army,
stopped all intercourse with France, dissolved our
treaty, built and equipped slnps-ot-war, and com-
missioned private armed ships; enjoining theformer
and authorizing the latter to defend themselves
against the armed ships of France; to attack them
on the high seas, to subdue and take them as prize,
and to recapture armed vessels found in tneir pos-
session. Here, then, lot mo ask, what were the
technical characters of an American and French
armed vessel combating on the high seas, with
a view the one to subdue the other and to make
prize of his property? They certainly were not
friends, because there was a contention by force;
nor were they private enemies, because the con-
tention was external, and authorized by the legiti-
mate authority of the two Governments. If they
were not our enemies, 1 know not what constitutes
an enemy."—4 Dallas, page 41.
The right of capture and of making prize
has no support except in the right to make
war. No Government can exercise the right
of capture and prize without what is in legal
effect a declaration of war. (Lawrence's
Wheaton on International Law, page 878.) I
maintain with implicit confidence that war
existed between the United States and France.
It appears to me to, be trifling with substance
and principle to deny it. That it was not in
all respects a general war, both on land and
sea, and practically involving all the people,
may be conceded without in the slightest
degree impairing my argument. What was
the cause for which we went to war ? It was
the depredations of France and her people
upon American commerce, nothing else. Why
did Congress declare the treaties null and void?
Because of these depredations and the re-
peated and persistent violations of the treaties
by France. How, then, did our appeal to the
arbitrament of the Sword affect the legal valid-
ity of these claims against France? The state
of war abrogated the preexisting treaties, if
this had not been effectually done before by
the acts of Congress. All claims for indem-
nity on account of the tortious acts of France
and her subjects were annulled. (Lawrence's
Wheaton on International Law, page 876.) The
French Government resisted the payment of
these claims on the ground that war had can-
celled t.hem. Ellsworth, Davie, and Murray,
the American negotiators, repeating the dec-
laration of the president of the French com-
mission, in their journal of September 12,
1800, say :
"Ho would sooner resign than to sign such a
treaty, Las that they proposed,J adding that, if the
question could bo determined by an indifferent
nation, ho was satisfied such a tribunal would say
that tho present state of things was war on the side
of America, and that no indemnities could be
claimed. The othertwo French commissioners made
similar declarations."
The same French officer, September 13,
1800, said :
"The American ministers, being now convinced
that tho door was perfectly closed against all hope
of obtaining indemnities with any modification of
tho treaties, they proceeded to negotiate without."
The journal of our own negotiators (Ells-
worth, Davie, and Murray) further states, by
way of expression of their own opinions :
"Nor is it coucoived that the treaties between the
United (states and Franco have undergone a more
nullifying operation than tho condition of war nat-
urally imposes. Doubtless the congressional acts
authorizing the reduction of the French cruisers by
lorco were an authorization of-war, limited, indeed,
in its extent, but not in its nature. Clearly, also,
their subsequent, act, declaring that the treaties had
ceased to be obligatory, however proper it might be
Jar the regional of doulttn, iva-j bat declaratory of the
actual itale of thiny*. And <urtauily it wan only from
an exereine of the. co'fint it lit tonal preropative of declar-
inn ivai Ihat either of thein derived validity."
in their own journal of September 12, 1800,
only a few days before the final form of the
treaty was agreed upon, our ministers further
say:
"Tlioy [tho French ministers] now openly avowed
that their real object wa.s to avoid, by every moans,
any engagement to pay indemnities."
The French ministers during the negotia-
tions pretended to want to retain in force the
old treaties, and to make mutual indemnities
on the basis of them. But the extract I have
just read is a confession that they were not
sincere. And a careful reading of the cor-
respondence between the respective ministers
preceding the adoption of the treaty will not
fail to render their insincerity the more clear
and impressive. In all the communications on
this subject made by the French ministers to
ours it is clear enough that tho indemnities
they would ever agree to pay the United States,
or our citizens, would be such and so much
only as the United Stales would confess they
owed to France. This was an unequal and
offensive proposition. We owed France the
most inconsiderable sums, if anything at all,
when compared with her just liabilities to us ;
first, for violations of the treaties, and secondly,
for direct acts of agression and outrage against
our citizens and their property.
In their communication of May 8, 1800, to
