1873.
THE CON GBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
committee, and they can find out whether it is
really advisable to extend the inquiry, and if
so, what powers they desire. 1 will move,
therefore, if it is the pleasure of the Senator,
that it be referred to that committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest that it
lie on the table until to morrow morning, until
we can have an opportunity to consider it.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I was about
to remark that if the resolution under winch
this committee is acting limits its inquiries to
an alleged attempt to bribe a Mr. York, so
that the committee are of opinion that they
are now unable to inquire int,o any other al-
leged attempts to bribe other persons, and
there be allegations of attempts to bribe other
persons, I certainly think their powers should
be enlarged.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire,
as I see the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] is about rising, whether the Senator
from Connecticut is correct in the point he
makes, or rather whether the enlargement
sought is upon that point. If I apprehend
the communication aright, the petitioner, if
such he be, wants an enlargement not in
reference to inquiring what was done with
persons other than York, but as to what was
done by persons other than the Senator from
Kansas. The Senator from New Jersey will
know whether I am right in that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not see
the petition until it was read here. I really
do not know.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again read that part of the petition.
Mr. CONKLING. I will give way in a
single moment to allow that to be done, and
in the mean time I ask the Senator from
Connecticut to observe the impression I have
that the enlargement asked is not that the
committee may have power to inquire what
the Senator from Kansas did with persons
other than York, but to inquire what persons
other than the Senator from Kansas did in
his behalf, or ostensibly in his behalf.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it be read.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the part which refers to the en-
largement.
Mr. MORTON.- I gave notice yesterday
that I would on Saturday morning call up
the resolution reported by the Committee on
Privileges and Elections in regard to Mr.
Caldwell ; but at the request of two Sena-
tors I now give notice that I shall postpone it
until next Tuesday morning, and I shall then
ask the Senate to take it up and consider it
until it is finally disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the end of
the morning hoar?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; at the end of
the morning hour on next Tuesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the part of this petition bear-
ing on the suggestion of the Senator from
New York.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" I have been instructed by A. M. York and others
torespeotfully request the Senate to so enlarge the
subject-matter of the inquiry of the special com-
mittee as to receive the statements of certain mem-
bers of the Legislature of the State of Kansas who
are now here, and others who have been summoned,
that they were offered money or other valuable
consideration, by the agents and friends of Senator
Pomeroy, to vote for him at said Senatorial elec-
tion."
Mr. CONKLING. " By the agents and
friends." That is the point.
Mr. THURMAN. The facts of this matter
are such that there is no necessity, I con-
ceive, for referring this petition to the com-
mittee, as suggested by my colleague. They
are very simple.
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. PomeroyJ
rose some days since in the Senate and called
the attention of the Senate to the fact that
he had been accused of attempting to bribe a
certain member of the General Assembly of
Kansas, and perhaps in the remarks .which he
submitted on that occasion he went beyond
the case of that particular member of the
Assembly, and in very broad terms denied
any charge made against him of corruption in
respect to that election, of whatsoever nature
that charge might be. He concluded by
offering a resolution for the appointment of
a special committee to investigate the charge
of having attempted to bribe Senator York
of the Kansas Legislature to vote for him,
Pomeroy, for the Senate of the United States.
That resolution was adopted, and the com-
mittee was appointed accordingly.
The committee met, and as its proceedings
have been public for the most part, I will
speak of those proceedings which have been
published. The testimony of Mr. York was
taken; the testimony of other witnesses was
taken, bearing more of less upon the inquiry
with which the committee was charged. That
testimony being exhausted, at least for the
present, on the part of those who support the
accusation against the Senator, an offer was
made to the committee to introduce other evi-
dence, other testimony, to implicate the Sen-
ator in other cases of bribery ; that is to say,
that he had bribed other members of the Kan-
sas Legislature, and also that certain friends
of his had bribed, or attempted to bribe, other
members of the Legislature. No connection
whatever between those alleged attempts and
the alleged bribery of York was shown, and
therefore the committee were necessarily com-
pelled to reject that testimony. The whole
jurisdiction of the committee was to inquire
whether there had been an attempt to bribe
York. It had no power whatever to inquire
whether an attempt had been made to bribe
anybody else wholly unconnected with the
alleged attempt to bribe York. It was there-
fore necessarily compelled to reject that testi-
mony. it had no power to go into it. No
witness who should swear in relation to such
matters could be prosecuted for perjury, how-
ever falsely he might swear. It would have
been a usurpation on the part of the commit-
tee to go into an investigation the Senate had
not charged it with or given it authority to
make.
But every citizen has the right to memorial-
ize the Senate to make an inquiry, and it was
left to anybody to present that memorial to the
Seuate if he saw fit to do it. It was not the
business of the committee to do so. We now
have this memorial, and it is for the Senate to
decide whether or not to enlarge the powers
of the committee, or to.appoint another com-
mittee to examine these other charges. There
is no necessity for sending the memorial to
that committee—the Senate now has the facts
before it—unless the Senate require of the me-
morialist to show something in the nature of
proof upon which to found the accusation that
is made. That is all there is of the matter,
and it is for the Senate to decide.
I am asked by Senators all around who it
is that sends this memorial. The committee
received a communication from Mr. Pomeroy,
asking that he might have the assistance of
counsel before the committee. The commit-
tee thought it proper to grant that request;
but that if that were granted to him it would
be perfectly right to allow one counsel on the
other side, and those who preferred these
charges against Mr. Pomeroy selected Mr.
Simpson, who sends this memorial, as the
counsel.
Mr. SHERMAN. Afier what has been
stated I will renew my motion. It is very clear
that this committee should consider the ques-
tion as to whether they will extend this inquiry
or not. If they think that, under the circum-
stances, it is necessary or proper to do it, they
will undoubtedly report to us the fact. I
do not think we ought to act on this matter
without a reference to the committee. That
is the usual course, the uniform course. When
we charge a committee with a subject-matter,
if they desire an enlargement of their jurisdic-
tion, any power to send for persons and papers,
any power to employ a clerk, or to do any-
thing at all, they, having special jurisdiction of
the subject, can report to us what they want
us to do. I therefore move that this matter
be referred to the special committee on the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio [ Mr.
Sherman] to refer this petition to the select
committee.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot quite agree that
that is the usual course. When a committee
is charged with a general investigation of a
subject, as, for instance, into the general
investigation of the validity of an election,
undoubtedly if there is any defect in the pow-
ers of the committee, and the committee dis-
cover that its powers ought to be enlarged in
order to enable it to make that full investi-
gation which the public interest requires, it
is the duty of the committee to bring that
fact before the Senate, so that the Senate
may enlarge its powers, if it shall be deemed
necessary. But this is not that case. We are
not inquiring into the validity of any election
in Kansas ; we are inquiring whether a Sen-
ator of this body has committed a particular
crime. The resolution mentions but one crime.
It gives us no jurisdiction over any other crime
than that; and it is not, therefore, the duty of
the committee, sitting m the nature of a grand
jury, or assuming to be a grand jury, to go
into a general investigation of the couduct of
Senators. Hence there is no necessity for
sending this resolution to the committee. The
committee is not a grand jury, to inquire of
all crimes and offenses committed within a
certain bailiwick. It had a specific duty to
perform, to make one single inquiry. Now
this memorial is properly before the Senate,
and the Senate can decide just as well now as
they can after a report from the committee,
unless indeed the Seuate require us to hear
the evidence and say whether there is any
foundation for such an investigation.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I trust that
this matter may not be referred to the com-
mittee, who, apparently, distinctly desire that
it should not be referred to them. It seems to
me, that under the circumstances in which the
case is presented to the Senate, it is due both
to the Senator from Kansas, who is implicated,
or alleged to be implicated, and to the Senate
itself, that the manifest imperfection in the
resolution under which the committee is act-
ing should, as soon as it is discovered, be
removed by the Senate itself. If the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will withdraw his
motion to refer, I will offer a resolution, which,
under the rule, indeed, would be required
to lie over until to-morrow morning it' any-
body should object to it, to this effect:
Resolved, That the committee charged with the
investigation of the charges againt Hon. S. 0. Pome-
roy be directed to inquire into any allegations ot
bribery or corruption by said Hon. S. 0. Pomekoy
iii the recent election of United States Senator
by the Legislature of Kansas.
It seems to me, that in justice to the Senator
himself, as well as to our own good name, we
ought to enlarge the powers of the committee
to the scope of this resolution. I ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio to withdraw his motion, to
enable me to submit this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw the motion to refer?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather have a
vote on my motion. I have no objection to
the introduction of the resolution ; but my
impression is that we ought not to enlarge the
jurisdiction of this committee at this period
of the session so as to authorize an investiga-
tion into the conduct of other persons in such
a way as will be likely to prevent any report
of the committee at the present session. Un-
doubtedly the enlargement of this investiga-
tion so as to inquire into the conduct of other
persons will give ground for the summoning
of a new class of witnesses, and will probably
