1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
HOUSE BILLS RKFBRRXP.
Th# following bills were severally read
twit* by their titles, ar.1 referred to the Com-
mitter on Militnrv Affairf :
A bill 4H. R. Vo. for the relief of
Henrv H. Mear< ;
A bill 'H. R. No. SSW* t-ir the relief of
George $ (Justin, late a private of company
P, M>ventv fourth regiment Illinois infantry
volunteers;
A bill ■ II. R. No. 3S6<n for the relief of E.
H. .larrett:
A bill i IT. R. No. 33 >71 for the relief of
Emma K. Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant
W. F. Gardner :
A bill (H. R. No. 1526) for the relief of
Kreel A .Miller:
A bill i H. R. No. 3870) for the relief of the
widow and heir* of David Shelton, sr., de-
ceased : and
A bill (H. R. No. 3372} authorising and
directing the Secretary of War to give George
A. Armes, late captain tenth United States
infantry, an honorable discharge, to date the
7th day ot June, 1870.
The bill (H.>R. No. 12811 for the relief of
George Graves was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 3315) for the relief of
Henry Goldhammer was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and seventeen minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ,
Fripay, January 10, 1873. |
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bi"riJ£B, D. D. i
The Journal of yesterday was read and I
approved. ORDBR op BU8IWB8S.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the
committees will be called for reports of a pri-
vate nature only : and the morning hour be-
gins at ten minutes past twelve o'clock, and
reports of a private nature are first in order
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. ^
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, from the
Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do not
paas. the bill fH. R. No. 278) donating ten
sections of public land to John Martin for
services in procuring water in a desert in New
Mexico.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that that bill be
read before action be taken on the motion of
tfee gentleman from Missouri.
The bill was read. The preamble recites ,
that John Martin, a citizen of the Territory
of New Mexico, has at his own great risk and
expense, sunk a well and obtained a copious
supply of pare water on the Jornada del
Muerto, a sterile region of the public domain
in the Territory of New Mexico, whereby he
demonstrated the practicability of redeeming
and bringing within the pale of civilization i
and culture a vast region of sterile country, I
opon which the Government of the United '
States haa heretofore made frequent and ex-
pensive but fruitless efforts to obtain water |
with a view of rendering said sterile country !
fertile, habitable, and valuable. The bill
proposes to donate to John Martin ten sec- j
tions of public land, to be located on any ;
public lands subject to private entry in any
State or Territory of the United States.
The bill was laid on the table.
GEORGE GRAVES.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, from the
same committee, also reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (H.
R. No. 1281) for the relief of George Graves.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to permit
George Graves, of Missouri, to perfect his
title to the north half of the northeast quarter
of section fifteen, township twenty-four, range
thirty-two, in said State, under hts homestead
entry made October 27, 1865, the same as if
he had established his residence upon the land
within the time required by law, and that a
patent for the land be issued to Graves upon
the making of proof required by the home-
stead laws, except as to tne residence.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. EMHAB. GARDINER.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3366) for the relief of Emma E. Gardiner, the
widow of Lieutenant W. F. Gardiner; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department to reimburse to Emma E. Gar-
diner, widow of Second Lieutenant W. F. Gar-
diner, of the twenty-fourth United States in-
fantry, and acting assistant quartermaster,
the sum of $1,753 92, the amount of money
stolen from his safe, withont fault on his part,
and which amount was replaced by him ; and
provides that no part of the same shall be paid
until satisfactory proof of the amount of said
money shall be furnished, and also of the fact
that said Gardiner properly cared for the same,
and that it was stolen from him without negli-
gence or fraud on his part.
Mr. COBURtf. I ask that the report ac-
companying this bill be read.
The report was read, and states that Lieu-
tenant W. F. Gardiner was post quartermas-
ter at Fort Bliss, Texas, on the 19th of March,
1870, and had charge of certain moneys of the
United States amounting to $1,753 92; that
it was stolen by some person unknown from
an iron safe provided by the Government and
kept in his possession; that the money was
last seen on the 19th of March, 1870, when it
was placed by him in the safe; that on the
21st of that month the safe was opened and
the absence of the money discovered ; that the
money was supplied by the Lieutenant, and its
return is now asked because the loss was
without his fanlt; that the matter was invest-
igated by a board of survey appointed for the
purpose, who reported that proper care had
been taken in the safekeeping of the funds by
Lieutenant Gardiner; that he replaced the
funds thus stolen, that be was entirely exon-
erated from any suspicion of blame in the
matter, and that they were unable to fix the
responsibility of the loss upon any person.
The report further states that the officers on
duty at Fort Bliss at the time testify that the
money was stolen by some person unknown,
who opened the safe by means of a false key,
and that Lieutenant Gardiner was not to blame
for carelessness or dishonesty in the matter,
Others testify to his honeBty and integrity of
character. Under the circumstances there
seems to be no question as to the complete
exculpation of Lieutenant Gardiner from
blame as custodian of public funds; and it
having been the practice of the Government
to grant relief to such cases, the committee
recommend the passage of the accompanying
bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY B. MKAKS.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported a. bill (11. K. No. ;>;>67) tor the
relief of Henry B. Mears ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General to pay to Henry B. Mears, late
a first lieutenant in the thirty-sixth regiment
Indiana volunteers, out of any money appro-
priated orthat may be appropriated for the pay
of the Army, the full pay and emoluments of
first lieutenant of infantry in the Army of
the United States, from the 14th of Decem-
ber, 1861, to October 19, 1862, deducting
therefrom any sum received by him for ser-
vices rendered during the period in the Army
of the United States.
Mr. COBURN. I ask that the report be
read.
The report was read, and states that the
committee find that Lieutenant Mears was
mustered into service as first lieutenant on
December 14, 1861 ; that he entered at once
upon the discharge of the duties of that office,
and continued iu the military service of the
United States until October 19, 1862, subject
at all times to the orders of his superior offi-
cers ; that his orders placed him on duty in
the State of Indiana, Kentucky, and Ten-
nessee *, that the statement of the lieutenant
qolonel of his regiment, as also of the quarter-
| master, together with that of the adjutant gen-
j eral of Indiana, shows the above tacts to be
; true. It is further shown that Lieutenant
Mears received no pay for any part of the time
which he was in the military service. The
! committee therefore find that ten months' pay
are due him, and report the accompanying bill
for his relief.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
• that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
, table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELI H. JARRETT.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported, with
a recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 3368) for the relief of Eli H. Jarrett;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that Eli
H. Jarrett, late a private in company C, third
North Carolina infantry volunteers, shall re-
ceive the same pay and pension as if he had
been mustered in as of date of September 15,
1863.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
report.
The report was read. It states that the
proof shows that Jarrett enlisted in the third
North Carolina mounted infantry September
15, 1863; that before he had been mustered
into the service he was sent into North Caro-
lina to recruit for the service, with proper
authority from the recruiting officer; that
while on duty in this line he was dangerously
wounded by the enemy and fled to the moun-
tains, where he remained until he was able to
enter the service again on the 3d of July,
1864, when he reported to General Tillson
and was mustered into the third North Caro-
lina infantry. The proof further shpws that
he was wounded by gunshot in the thigh, the
bone broken, and that he is permanently dis-
abled. The committee are therefore of opin-
