1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
42d Cong....3d Sess.
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
the French ministers, our ministers, acting in
exact accordance with their instructions from
the President, say:
" It was not until after the treaty of amity and
epmmerce of February, 1778, had been violated to a
great extent on the part of the French republic, nor
till after ex nl an atio ns and an amicable adjustment,
sought by the United States, had been refused, that
they did, on July 7,1798, by a solemn publio act,
declare that they were freed and exonerated from
the treaties and consular convention whioh had
been entered-into between them and France. Nor
would such declaration, though justified by the law
of nature and of nations, have been then made,
if it had been possible for the United States, while
continuing the treaties and the consular convention
as the rule of their conduct, to guard against inju-
ries which daily increased and threatened their
commerce with total destruction. That declaration
cannot be recalled, and the United State9 must abide
by its effects with respect to the priority of treaties."
Now, Prance had two obvious and weighty-
motives of policy in urging the continuance of
the old treaties in foree, with modifications.
First, their continuance in force, unaffected
by our acts of Congress or by the war, would
retain in favor of France their priority in date
over the Jay treaty of November 19, 1794,
with Great Britain. Such a priority was con
sidered important by France on account of
certain exclusive preferences, and privileges
supposed to be secured to her under our old
treaties with her of 1778. Second, if France
could induce the United States to ignore their
own solemn acts of Congress, and the legal
results of the war, in their effect upon the old
treaties, it would follow that France could
thereafter claim, and with much show of rea-
son, that the conduct of our country in mak-
ing the war was unjust, our congressional en-
actments inoperative and void, our conduct
hostile in spirit, violative of our treaties with
her, and that it gave her grounds to claim the
most ample indemnities from us—more than
sufficient to cover all we could justly claim of
her. These are the real motives which dic-
tated the diplomatic professions of France in
the negotiation of the treaty of September 30,
1800. But they did not succeed, and as soon
as their failure became apparent to the French
ministers they changed front, and in their
communication of August 11, 1800, to our
ministers they said:
" While, however, the ministers ofFrance acquiesce
in the nullity of the treaties, they cannot conceal
from themselves that tbe act of the United States,
by which their abrogation has been declared, has
been an unequivocal provocation to war; that the
hostile acts by which this provocation has been fol-
lowed, increasing in number and publicityeven
after France had removed every just cau^e ot com-
plaint, were nothing less than war." . * . * * *
r> If the correctness of these observations is admitted,
it would seem that the two Governments ought to
be occupied no longer with their respective losses;
the rights of war acknowledge no obligation to urepaxr
its ravages."
These indicate the secret, real, and cunning
purposes of the ministers of Napoleon. Yet
with a recklessness that amounts to audacity,
these claimants and their friends constantly
charge that France alwaysi admitted their
claims, and expected and intended to pay
them ! But it is simply baseless assumption,
Our negotiators, and especially Mr. Murray
often declared about the same time that in-
demnities were impossible, the claims entirely
valueless, and that France would never pay
them. The profound conviction in their minds
of these truths reconciled them to the nego-
tiation of the treaty of September 30, 1800.
What was the chief object of that treaty ? In-
disputably, it was to terminate hostilities, re-
establish peace, and restore relations of friend-
ship. Did our country do wrong in making
peace ? Did it do any injustice to these claim-
ants? Did they, or their interests, demand
continued war? Ah, they reply, but you did
not secure us indemnities. I answer, we did
not because we could not. But, perhaps,
they would have had us make an alliance with
England and with her aid fight France until
she would indemnify them. No doubt they
were willing we should carry on war at an
expense to the people of $50,000,000 in order
to secure, to them $5,000,000. But there
would be neither statesmanship, nor patriot-
ism, nor honor in such policy. The Govern-
ment having exhausted peaceful methods in
their behalf, had transferred to them a part
of its own sovereignty, had suffered them to
take vengeance into their own hands, had
invested them with commissions of marque
and reprisal, and spent many millions of the
people's treasure to aid and support them with
our Navy in warring against French vessels and
commerce. They captured many vessels and
cargoes from the enemy, worth millions of
dollars, and with the aid and consent of our
Government applied it to their own uses.
But, they sometimes fell victims to the enemy.
They had voluntarily taken the chauces, but,
having sometimes lost, they demand that the
United States shall make them whole. This
looks to me very like the rale: "Heads I
win, tails you lose."
EFFECT OF TREATY 01' SEPTEMBER 30, 1800.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to consider more
directly the effect of the treaty of September
30,1800, on these claims. Mr. Wheaton states
the international law to be that—
" The effeot of a treaty of peace is to put an end
to the war, and to abolish the subject of it. It is an
agreement to waive all discussion conccraing the
respective rights and claims of the parties, and
to bury in oblivion the original dauses of the
war."—Laiwenee's. Wheaton on International Lata,
pago 876.
Our own Supreme Court, in 1796, in Ware
vs. Hylton, says:
"A treaty of peaco abolishes the subject of the
war, and after peace isooncluded, neither the mutter
in dispute, nor the conduct of oithor party during
the war, can ever be revived or brought into con-
test again. All violence, injuries, or damages sus-
tained by the Government, or the poople of either,
duringtne war, are buried in oblivion; and all these
things are implied by the very treaty of peace; and
therefore not necessary to bo expressed."—3 Dallas,
It., 230,
Why shall not this principle have its full
operation in reference to these claims? The
power and right to make the treaty are not
denied. Was it the duty of the Government
to ask permission of these claimants to make
it? Did the Government say to them "The
country wants peace, the people want the
waste of war to stop, we have now done our
utmost both by diplomacy and by war to se-
cure your claims and have failed, and now we
must in the interests of all the people make a
treaty of peace, and, since such a treaty will
in law have the effect to cancel all preexisting
matters of controversy on account of which we
went to war, except what we can' save in the
treaty, therefore we agree with you that if
you will not object to the treaty, we will assumo
and pay your claims?" No, Mr. Speaker, no
such absurd dickering was over dreamed of.
If it had been undertaken it would have been
repelled with scorn and indignation. Then
the claimants respond, "France had claims
against the United States for large sums." But
it I admit that, how can it avail them? The
state of war operated not only to abrogate the
preexisting treaties, but also to cancel their
demands against usarising out of .those treaties,
as well as ours against them. It is true both
parties might have waived this legal result,
and might have provided for mutual indemni-
ties. But they did not, and France would not,
and that disposes of any such supposititious
ease.
But I deny that France had any valid or
valuable claims against us, or that we, directly
or indirectly, expressly or by implication,
made by this treaty any exchange of the one
for the other, by way of set off or otherwise.
On these important points I adopt the judg-
ment of Washington and Jefferson and
Hamilton, and all their glorious associates
in this Government. I believe their action
was wise, justifiable, just, and lawful, and
that they did not violate national duty
or honor. The record of their conduct, and
their own recitals of reasons and motives, in
the solemn acts and. proclamation to which
I have already referred, do not admit of
truthful contradiction. The treaty of amity
and commerce of February 6, 1778, whose
material stipulations I have heretofore fully
stated, was first violated in vital respects by
France in 1793, and thenceforth many of its
covenants were repeatedly and defiantly dis-
regarded by her.
The eternal truth is that both the treaties
of that date, viewed in their entirety, and im-
partially analyzed in the light of their practical
workings, were injurious, embarrassing, and
disappointing in important respects to both
nations. France very early and fully compre-
hended this truth. [ have heretofore given
some illustrations of it. She desired to be
relieved from the injurious provisions of the
treaty of commerce, for they gave actual ad-
vantages to Great Britain over her. She re-
solved very soon to relieve herself, and hence
her decree of May 9, 1793, and subsequent
decrees. But most inconsistently she con-
tinued to make very importunate and excessive
demands against the United States for priv-
ileges under other provisions supposed to bo
more advantageous to her. As far as these
were admissible or just they were respectfully
considered and granted by our rulers.
But France, with more reason, averred that
the United States violated, or rather refused
to execute, the requirements of article eleven
of the treaty of alliance of February 6, 1778.
I think this article ought never to have been
enacted, and that our interests demanded its
repeal. It seemed to erect a barrier in the
way of our adoption of neutrality. If literally
construed, it is doubtful whether its perform-
ance by us was at all possible. But our wise
forefathers, the men who were parties to the
negotiation of that article, upon the most de-
liberate>view of all the requirements of both
the treaties, held that a policy of American
neutrality toward the European belligerents
was admissible and honorable. I think their
conclusion was right.
It is never to be forgotten, Mr. Speaker, for
it is most essential to a just understanding of
this subject, that all the material provisions of
both these treaties were distinctly reciprocal
and mutual; the benefits and burdens were
alike and expressly interchangeable. There-
fore, if it was the duty of the United States,
under article eleven, "for the present time
and forever," to guarantee to France all her
possessions in America, it was equally the
duty of France, in like manner, to guarantee
to the United States "their liberty, sover-
eignty, and independence, absolute and un-
limited, as well in matters of government
as commerce, and also their possessions."
Equally true and clear is it, also, that if the
United States in truth failed to make good,
their guarantee to France, and thereby violated
their obligations, so likewise did France fail to
execute her guarantee toward us, because
Great Britain, during the entire controversy,
committed frequent acts of violence and dep-
redations against our commerce, constantly
interrupted its progress, often sent her ships
of war to hover upon our coasts, destroy the
freedom of our harbors, and thus practically
invade our possessions, and we had not the
ability to effectually protect ourselves.
I maintain, therefore, that if we even waive
the effect of war upon both the treaties and
the claims, and agree that the treaties were
abrogated alone by the treaty of September 80,
1800, yet it is demonstrably true that, in
consequence of this unceasing mutuality and
reciprocity of obligations, and the peculiar
course of events, and the couduct of the two
