1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
delay the action of this committee and prevent
a report at this session of Congress. Certainly
I do not wish to do that. I should like to
have a vote on my motion to refer to the com
mittee, and if it is agreed to, and they report
to-morrow morning that in their judgment it
is proper, necessary, or expedient to enlarge
the powers of the committee, I shall vote for
it with great pleasure. But if, on the other
hand, they shall report that it is inexpedient,
because it will create delay or embarrassment
or trouble, I shall vote against it. I think, as
we have a committee that can consider this
matter, we had better refer the whole subject-
matter to them. I should like a vote on my
motion. If that is voted down, I shall prob-
ably vote for the resolution of the Senator
from Connecticut.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the Senator from
Ohio, a member of the committee in question,
[Mr. Thurman,] has placed this matter upon
its true ground. It seems to me it would be
a strange, perhaps an unprecedented thing for
any committee to ask for an enlargement of
iis own jurisdiction; and yet that would be in
effect the result of the motion of the honorable
Senator from Ohio who has just taken his
seat, [Mr. Sherman.] He desires to submit
to their judgment in respect to their own
jurisdiction of this subject-matter.
The Senator from Connecticut said very
correctly that the resolution directing this
investigation, which was offered by the party
charged himself, and I presume drawn by
himself, was defective. Certainly the charges
should have been met by a resolution as broad
as was the general allegation in defense ; but
it was not so. The resolution was drawn in
exceedingly narrow terms, and the Senate
committee almost on the threshold of their
examination have found themselves stopped
for want of jurisdiction, for the reasons very
properly and conclusively stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.] I submit,
therefore, that the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is palpably the proper
one in the present case, and that is, that the
resolution be made as broad as it should origin-
ally have been made, and that the committee
should not be called upon by the Senate to ex-
press their own opinion in respect to the ex-
tent of their own jurisdiction, or rather to
urge that it be enlarged. It is plain to every-
body in the Senate that the resolution ought
to be enlarged. The facts stated here by ihe
committee, the facts alleged by the petitioner,
show the necessity of a broader scope of inquiry.
Therefore 1 trust the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut will prevail, and that
the resolution will be placed on as broad a
footing as it ought originally to have been
placi d, and as I think it would have been had
it been submitted to general counsel before its
preparation. It came from the party charged,
and was exceedingly narrow, so narrow as
almost to defeat the object which it was pro-
posed to reach.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope this question
will not be referred to the committee. Should
it be thus referred, and remain in their hands
until to morrow morning, I do not see what
report they could make that would present
any different aspect from the case which is
presented now. The facts are now before the
Senate, and thecommittee certainly would not,
in my judgment, reeommend the Senate to
enlarge their powers. They would come be-
fore the Senate to-morrow morning and reit-
erate the same statement ot facts which has
been made to day, and the committee will be
no wiser to-morrow than they are to-day. I
hope the question will be decided by the Sen-
ate without reference to that committee.
Mr. NYE. 1 agree with the committee
entirely in the principle of their action, that
they have no business, no authority from the
Senate, to go beyond the scope of the charge
made. But, Mr. President, right here; I desire
to say that there is more than one way in which
to preserve, protect, and uphold the dignity
of the American Senate. By whom is this
charge made ? A man, if public rumors are
true—for it is so recorded in every column of
our newspapers—comes before this committee
and unblushingly swears himself all covered
over with fraud, wrong, and outrage. So
much is he imbued with that, that he does not
even dare to petition the Senate in his own
name, but gets his attorney to come here and
petition that he may be allowed to throw his
drag-nets wider, and to rake, if possible, within
them the honor of an American Senator. That
is the authority on which the Senate are so
ready and quick to judge and jump at a con-
clusion, and because this rascal asserts he is
guilty of other frauds, to arraign a Senator in
the presence of the dignity of the assembled
people of this nation. ,
It may be, Mr. President, that this is the
true way in which to uphold the dignity of the
Senate of the United States. With its dignity,
so far as official connection is concerned, I am
about done ; but it has occurred to me, and it
does now, that this is the true way to pull down
the dignity of the Senate. Who would arraign
an honorable Senator before the public, before
the world, upon the petition of a man who, 011
his own assertion, is steeped in the very depths
of fraud? Senators, you have your own repu-
tations to protect, not only severally, but
jointly. I ask Senators to be careful how they
trifle with the reputation of a brother Senator,
or how they allow outside rascals to trifle
with it.
Sir, this investigation has gone along until
all that there is in this case is exposed, and
the Senate can see whether there has been a
case made out or not; but I insist upon it
that no Senator should be dogged by such re-
quests as this from a mere outsider, one who
stands in the attitude in which this man stands
before the world to-day. I insist upon it that
this is the true way to pull down the dignity
of the Senate, and history will so record it.
Mr. President, away with these investiga-
tions. We have enough of them. Away with
this idea of catering to the morbid appetite of
a particeps criminis, at least. Let Mr Pome-
boy and Mr. What's-his-name settle their own
difficulties. Mr. Pomekoy's time is about to
expire. Here is a deadly feud and contro-
versy between individuals, and I insist that
this Senate shall not be made an instrument
to carry out the petty or magnificent quarrel
between the accuser and the accused in this
case. Sir, yon can buey yourself until dooms-
day with what they call frauds in Kansas.
You can busy yourself until doomsday with
these flying reports as charges; and when a
man dare not petition in his own name for an
investigation, let it not be said that the rascal
can get an attorney to do that for him. I
hold this man York responsible for this paper.
What he does by others he does by himself.
We have here the story of a Mr. Simpson,
whom I do not know anything about—I pre-
sume he is a gentleman; but it is simply the
story as told him by York, and this Senate is
gravely called upon to act upon it. Away with
such summonses, if you would preserve the
dignity of the body 1 Away with such in-
truders, if you would bear aloft the ancient
dignity of this body!
I have said this much, Mr. President, be-
cause I feel that there is nothing that the
human mind feeds upon like corrupt investi-
gation. Our ears have been saluted with quite
enough of it. The public appetite is gorged
with investigation. And now we have a peti-
tion from another culprit, as he ought to be,
giving rumors in the State of Kansas, or what
busybodies in the State of Kansas say. In
this way the time of the Senate of the United
States may be spent entirely in investigations
with the dogs at their heels of malice or
revenge, which are to be found in every com-
munity and in every place.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As a member
of the committee to whom the investigation
of the charges against Senator Po.meboy has
been referred, I do not intend to express my
opinion, and I do not think any member of
the committee will express any opinion,
whether they do, or do not, think it advisable
that the powers of the committee should be
enlarged. That is the very objection that we
have to this resolution being referred to the
committee. We wish the Senate to act 011
the subject.
I feel it my duty, however, to call the
attention of the Senate to the circumstances
attending this investigation. It is well known
that there is now an investigation iti reference
to this subject being carried on in Kansas by
the Legislature of that State. We also know,
through the papers, that there is a judicial
investigation in reference to the subject. We
know that the term of Senator Pomeroy
expires on the 4th of March, and that there
are but about twelve days remaining of this
session. The committee have vigorously
prosecuted the duty that was imposed upon
them, and this morning the counsel for Mr.
York closed what is the case made by Mr.
York, and Mr. Pomeroy's counsel was in-
formed that to-morrow morning we would pro-
ceed to hear his defense. It is of the first
importance that the Senate determine now
whether they intend to go into this investiga-
tion; because, as a member of that committee,
I never would consent that Mr. Pomeroy
should be put upon his defense until the
whole case to be made against him was pre-
sented. Therefore, it is for the Senate to
determine.
Let me say further, Mr. President, that if
this enlargement that is asked for is granted,
we may be called upon to try three or a dozen
different issues with different sets of witnesses,
all during the brief period that remains ; and
each witness that is brought from Kansas (and
we are as careful as we can be to find out
before we telegraph for them) is an expense
to the Government of some two hundred and
seventy or three hundred dollars.
I wished simply to make these statements
to the Senate, and respectfully ask that they
will determine as to the propriety or impro-
priety of enlarging the powers of the commit-
tee.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator one question. What length of time would
it probably take to make an investigation as
large as that suggested ? Would there be time
after the accusations were in, for rebutting
testimony to be produced and the committee
to make a report at this session, or would it
be simply an ex parte- proceeding if it was
entered upon ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is impossible
for the committee to state what time will be
required. If the Senate impose that duty
upon us we will prosecute it to the extent of
our ability. The difficulty is that within
eleven or twelve days of the end of the session,
when it takes four or five days, even when you
use the telegraph, to get a witness here, the
possible result might be to prevent any report
being made.
I desire to state one thing more. The duty
which the Senate have imposed upon their
committee is a peculiar one. The case refer-
red to the committee is entirely different from
the other cases to which our action is now pro-
posed to be extended. The case submitted to
the committee is this: the disclosures mad.-
by a member of the senate of Kansas, on
Wednesday, in joint convention, just before
the vote for United States Senator was taken
which may or may not have had its effect on
that election. There may have been propriety
in the Senate prosecuting that investigation
even, at this late period, which, propriety Blight
not extend to going into the various causes
that might be presented ; bat we desire to say
that whatever duty the Senate may impose
upon us we will faithfully discharge.
