150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Keps.
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
nations, the abrogation of the treaties had be-
come, and was esteemed by both, an object
of equal importance and value to each, and
both parties equally desired their abrogation,
without any reference to the claims now under
consideration. The obligations, burdens, and
advantages of the treaties were mutual, recip-
rocal, and equal. The advantages resulting
to the respective parties from abrogration or
repeal were therefore equal. A more detailed
examination of
SOME INCIDENTS ATTENDING THE NEGOTIATION OF
THE TEEATY
will furnish support to these views. There is
a studious and adroit attempt to misconstrue
these incidents in the interest of these claim-
ants. The treaty is lengthy, containing
twenty-seven articles or sections, relating to
many subjects of international interest, but it
is only needful in this connection to refer to
two or three articles. As the treaty was first
executed by the negotiators September 30,
1800, it contained for its second article this:
"Art. II. The ministers plenipotentiary of tho
two parties, not being able to agree at present
respecting the treaty of alliance of February 6,1778,
the treaty of amity and commerce of the same date,
and the convention of 14th of November, 1788, nor
upon the indemnities mutually due or claimed, the
parties will negotiate further on these subjects at a
convenient time, and until they may have agreed
upon these points the said treaties and convention
shall have no operation, and the relations of the
two countries shall be regulated as follows."
It is obvious and notable upon mere reading
that this article did not. attempt to decide
whether the old treaties were abrogated by
the war, or by our acts of Congress, or by
neither, but only stated that the ministers were
not "able to agree at present respecting"
them. But they did significantly agree in the
latter part of the article that those treaties
"shall have no operation" unless it should
thereafter be given to them by the action of
the two nations. Nor did this article deeide
whether there were indemnities due from either
party to the other on account of those treaties,
but only that the negotiators could not agree
upon that subject. The manifest aim-and policy
of our ministers in this behalf looked singly to
the preservation if possible of any claims of
our citizens as subjects for future negotiation.
That was all. The settled and unalterable de-
termination of France never to recognize or
pay these spoliation claims is manifest through-
out, and it is made express by a declaration
which her ministers required to be added to
the fifth article, in these words:
"But thin clause shall not extend to indemnities
claimed on account of captures or confiscations."
Now, when this second article was presented
by President Adams to our Senate for ratifica-
tion, that body, on February 3, 1801, con-
sented to the ratification of the treaty—
"Provided, The second article be expunged, and
that the following article Tie added or inserted: it
is agreed that the present convention shall be in
force for the term of eight years from tho time of
the exchange of the ratifications.'"
The deliberations of the Senate were in
secret. The intent and motive which con-
trolled their action are, therefore, matters for
conjecture. Is it not fair and rational to
assume that they rejected that article simply
because they were utterly unwilling to approve
any language which in the slightest manner
even seemed, by remote implication, to recog-
nize in those treaties any continuing vitality
whatever? The Senate, as apart of Congress,
by the act of July 7, 1798, had, for potential
and sufficient reasons, solemnly declared the
United States "of right freed and exonerated
from the stipulations of those treaties," and
"that the same shall not henceforth be
regarded as legally obligatory on the Govern-
ment or citizens of the united States." This
construction alone makes their motive and
action consistent and harmonious. I enter-
tain no doubt it is the true solution of their
conduct. By this conduct they simply recog-
nized and reaffirmed the preexisting results
of the war and the acts of Congress. But
these greedy claimants would have been better
pleased if the Senate had ignored legal results,
the law of nations, their own laws, the truth
of history, and their own consistency, and had
ratified the second article without change.
When this treaty with this amendatory prop-
osition of the Senate was returned to France
for her action, Bonaparte, first consul, con-
sented July 31, 1801—
" To aocept, ratify, and confirm the above con-
vention, with the addition importing that the con-
vention shall be in force for the space of eight years,
and with the retrenchment of the seoond artiole:
Provided, That by this retrenchment the two States
renounce the respective pretensions, which are tho
object of the said article."
Here is another express declaration of the
fixed purpose of France never to recognize or
pay these claims. With this construction by
Napoleon added to the action of our Senate,
the ratifications of the treaty were exchanged
at Paris July 31, 1801.
When the treaty came back to us thus rat-
ified, President Jefferson, desiring to give tho
Senate an opportunity to consider and express
their opinion upon this action of Napoleon,
again sent the treaty to the Senate, and that
body, on December 19, 1801, by resolution
declared the convention fully ratified without
further action on their part, and returned it to
the President for promulgation. That is, it
was the deliberate judgment of the Senate
that the construction added by Napoleon in-
volved no new stipulation or qualification, but
only recognized and declared the legal result
of the preexisting condition. The treaties had
been annulled by Congress, and both the trea-
ties and these claims had been abrogated and
canceled by the legal effect of the war, and the
inflexible purpose of France never to recog-
nize or pay them had been conclusively estab-
lished. Hence the action of the Senate was
logical and consistent throughout. On this
point Mr. William B. Lawrence, in his notes
on Wheaton's International Law, says:
" This also accords with tho principles on which
the negotiation proceeded: that is to say, if the
treaties were regarded as abrogated and all claims
for indemnities extinguished, it would be a recogni-
tion of a preexisting state of war, and of the now
treaty as a treaty of peace."
BUT THE TREATY PROVIDED FOE PAYMENT OF CERTAIN
CLAIMS.
Mr. Speaker, to avoid misapprehension on
this subject it is necessary to bear in mind that
even war does not have the effect to cancel or
extinguish all claims, debts, and liabilities.
It does not affect at all such as do not form
parts of the cause for which the nations went
to war. It does not extinguish contracts by
individual citizens of the one with those of the
other belligerent, but only suspends them.
Treaties of peace also generally restore mu-
tually all property taken by either from the
other which has not been fully condemned and
converted at the date of the treaty. What war
chiefly operates upon and extinguishes is that
class of claims properly called indemnities,
and which constitute in whole or in part the
cause of the war.
Now, this treaty distinctly recognizes these
principles. Therefore, it expressly provides
that "the public ships which have been taken
on one part and the other, or which may be
taken before the exchange of ratifications,
shall be restored," and that "property cap-
tured, and not yet definitively condemned, or
which may be captured before the exchange
of ratifications, (contraband goods destined to
an enemy's port excepted,) shall be mutually
restored," and that "the debts contracted by
one of the two nations with individuals of the
other, or by the individuals of one with the
individuals of the other, shall be paid, or the
payment may be prosecuted in the same man-
ner as if there had been no misunderstanding
between the two States." (See articles three,
four, and five.) These stipulations, after many
and vexatious delays, were at length fairly per-
formed by France. The actual and final pay-
ments were chiefly made, under the provisions
of the subsequent treaties of April 30, 1808,
out of the sum paid by us for the cession to
the United States of the territory of Louisiana.
These latter treaties, in the language of Silas
Wright in his great argument against these
claims in 1835, "provided for the payment of
all the claims which France ever admitted,
ever intended to pay, or which there was the
most remote hope of recovering in any way
whatever."
THE PRETENDS® SET-OFF.
Now, Mr. Speaker, remembering that these
claimants have never proved that their claims
were even valid against France, and that they
voluntarily, if not wickedly, failed and ne-
glected to do so when, if ever, it was in their
power to do it, it does appear to me to be a
mere impudent assumption for them now to
say that their claims were released by the
United States for a full and valuable consider-
ation passing tothecountry's benefit by means
of the release, and that this strange result was
accomplished by the action of the Senate in
expunging the second article of this treaty, and
that thereby our country became guilty of
taking private property for public use without
compensation.
A more shabby, frail, and unworthy struc-
ture to sustain such grave conclusions, I con-
fess I never examined. It would convict the
Senate of resort to a mere trick to rob them.
Suppose that article had remained in the treaty
unchanged, how would the condition of these
claimants have been improved thereby? The
article settled nothing, did not admit any
validity in the claims, did not agree that the
old treaties had any vitality, did not decide
that they were not abrogated by Congress and
the war, and, in truth, did decide nothing
except the irrevocable repeal of tho old
treaties. Let any gentleman read that article
again, and then reread it, and he must confess
that I faithfully state its effect if it had been
left in the treaty. How reckless and illogical
it is, therefore, to assume that if it had been
left unchanged France would ever have found
" a convenient time" to revitalize those^ old
treaties, confess her liability for these claims,
and pay them 1
Again, these people are driven by the exi-
gency of their case, and the very poverty of
their ^arguments and facts, to maintain that
the valuable consideration passing to the Uni-
ted States by reason of the expunging of the
second article and the ratification of the treaty
as amended, was the release of our country
from the onerous obligations resting upon us
under the treaties of alliance and of amity and
commerce, and that to secure that release from
France we consented by the treaty forever to
barthedoor against the recovery of theseclaims
from France by our citizens. I have hereto-
fore several times had occasion to mention
some of these "onerous obligations," and to
speak of their nature and effect, and to show
that they were in no case unilateral, but were
in every case mutual, reciprocal, and equal. I
will, therefore, for further answer to this argu-
ment, only ask the attention of the House while
I read two paragraphs from the same great
speech of Silas Wright:
" The obligations, liabilities, and responsibilities
imposed upon the Government of the United States
and upon France by the seventeenth article of the
treaty of amity and commerce of 1778, and by the
eleventh article of the treaty of alliance of 1778, were
mutual, reciprocal, and equal; each formed the
consideration, and the only consideration, for the
other; and, therefore, any release which discharged
both Powers from those liabilities, responsibilities,
and obligations, must have been mutual, reciprocal,
I and equal)>pg,nd the release of either must have
