486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
ion that he should receive pay from September
15, 1863, to July 1, 1804.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; aud also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE S. GUSTIN.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, with
a recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 3369) for the relief of George S. Gustin,
late a private in company D, seventy-fourth
Illinois volunteer infantry ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers to pay to George
S. Gustin, late a private in company D, sev-
enty-fourth regiment of Illinois volunteer
infantry, the additional bounty provided by
the act of July 28, 1866, to which he would
have been entitled had he been mustered out
of the service with his regiment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF DAVID SHELTON, SR.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs, with
a recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 3370) for the relief of the widow and heirs
of David Shelton, sr.; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
widow and heirs of David Shelton, sr., de-
ceased, late a private in company E, second
regiment North Carolina mounted infantry vol-
unteers, shall be entitled to the same bounty,
pay, pension, and allowance as if the name of
the said soldier had been regularly carried upon
the muster-out rolls of his company.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ETHAN A. SAWYER.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, also reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 2732) for the relief of
Ethan A. Sawyer, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be
authorized and required to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Ethan A. Sawyer the sum of
$20,000, for services rendered as scout, guide,
and recruiting officer in the United States
Army, and for property taken by the United
States forces and appropriated to their use.
Mr. KERR. Is this bill accompanied by
any report stating the facts in this case?
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. It is accom-
panied by a full report.
Mr. KERR. Then I ask that the report be
read.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that the claimant, Ethan A. Sawyer, presents
in the record three different claims, to wit:
1. Claim for services during the greater part
of the war as guide, scout, and recruiting
officer.
2. Claim for corn, wood, bacon, and horses
taken by and appropriated to the uses of the
Federal Army.
3. Claim for services in penetrating the lines
of the enemy for more than one hundred miles,
under direction of Major General Burnside,
and destroying a bridge and telegraph wire, so
as to cut off the communication of the enemy,
and thereby save to the forces under General
Burnside a large amount of rolling-stock.
The very valuable services rendered by Mr.
Sawyer as a guide, scout, and recruiting
officer, during a long period of the rebellion,
are fully sustained by the evidence of Gov-
ernor W. G. Brownlow, officers of the Army,
and a number of loyal citizens of East Ten-
nessee.
Governor Brownlow, who had personal
knowledge of these services, says that, "as a
pilot, spy, and scout, he proved himself a true
friend to the Union men of Tennessee and a
valuable aid to the Federal Army. Officers
of the Army testify that he "recruited soldiers
| for the United States," and they "bear testi-
; mony to his services to the Union cause during
the war, in assisting and recruiting for the
United States Army, from the beginning of
the war, and expending his money and time,
' and also as a scout and guide for the Union
Army."
I It is also proved that his loyalty and un-
, flinching devotion to the Union made him
a special mark of enmity on the part of the
' rebels; that they destroyed his property and
: seized his stock and forage, and his life was
: constantly in danger. The amount of corn,
hay, oats, horses, and wood taken by the rebels
is proved by two witnesses, neighbors of claim-
ant, to be worth $12,000.
During the absence of the claimant from his
home in the service of the Government, his
corn, bacon, and wood were taken and used
by the Federal Army, as is evidenced by the
proof on file. The amount of property thus
taken was worth $3,175,
The rule established by the Quartermaster
General in the preparation of claims requires
that either receipts or vouchers shall be pro-
duced, or the affidavit of the officer who took
the "stores" shall be filed by the claimant.
This rule Mr. Sawyer is unable to comply
with, as he was absent from his home, in the
service of the Goverpment, when his property
was thus taken, and no receipt or voucher was
left. He makes affidavit himself, and proves
by his loyal neighbors that his property was
taken and used.
Upon an examination of the evidence in re-
gard to the services of claimant in destroying
the railroad communication of the enemy, the
committee find the following facts: that in
the month of August, 1863, General Burnside's
command was at Mount Vernon, Kentucky,
on the march to East Tennessee ; that General
Burnside employed the claimant, Sawyer, to
proceed to the county of Jefferson, in East
Tennessee, in advance of the Union forces,
and to break up and destroy the railroad and
telegraph communications of the enemy be-
tween Bristol and Knoxville, the latter place
being in possession of the enemy. The object
was to secure to General Burnside's army the
cars and other rolling-stock on that road held
at Knoxville by the rebels; and to prevent
thetn from running off the rolling-stock to
Virginia upon the approach of the Federal
Army. Mr. Sawyer was directed to go to a
bridge near New Market, and to destroy it at
a given hour of the night. He proceeded upon
his journey at great personal peril, and it is in
proof that if he had been captured he would
have been hung. He went through the lines
of the enemy, and at the designated hour
burned a bridge on the railroad and destroyed
the telegraph wire, and thereby prevented the
enemy from running off into Virginia five loco-
motives, a large amount of rolling-stock, as
well as a large amount of machinery, supplies,
&c., which were thereby saved to the army of
General Burnside, and which, he says, "se-
cured the use and occupation of the road
through East Tennessee at a time when the
same was a matter of vital importance." Gen-
eral Burnside further says that he recommends
" the claim of Mr. Sawyer, not to the gener-
osity only, but to the justice, of the nation."
Governor Brownlow says that the work of Mr.
Sawyer " resulted in saving the rolling-stock
of the road to the Federal troops, thereby
enabling them to continue the occupation of
East Tennessee."
These statements are also sustained by other
officers of the Army, who state that if it had not
been " for the use of the railroads and rolling-
stock it would have been impossible to have
supplied the Army, and great want and suffer-
ing would have ensued."
It will be remembered that the enemy occu-
pied the whole of East Tennessee, and that
General Burnside's approach was eagerly
watched. It is also true that it was a matter
of vital importance to General Burnside to
secure, if possible, the cars, locomotives, and
11 other rolling-stock in possession of the enemy
[| at Knoxville, as without, them, even if he
i; should occupy East Tennessee, it would have
: been almost impossible to supply his array.
: The claimant undertook a long and perilous
I journey, penetrating the lines of the enemy
for more than a hundred miles, and says he
was compelled to go on foot, and in the night-
time, and through the woods to avoid capture.
He accomplished the work assigned him and
i secured the rolling-stock to our Army, which
afterward became the property of the Gov-
ernment.
It is difficult to estimate the value of Mr.
Sawyer's services. They cannot be estimated
by the time required to perform the work. His
life was in constant peril.
On the 5th day of September, 1865, Gen-
eral Burnside ordered the chief quartermaster
army of the Ohio to pay Mr. Sawyer $2,000,
and adds, '' Captain Morris will pay this from
quartermaster's funds in his possession. The
service was absolutely necessary and worth
ten times the cost." Mr. Sawyer declares
that he paid out $1,800 of this sum for assist-
ance and necessary expenses. Mr. Sawyer
enjoyed the entire confidence of Governor
Brownlow, and of Generals Burnside and
Custer, and other officers of the Army, and
the committee feel bound to give his state-
ment credit.
The committee, therefore, in consideration
of extraordinary services rendered by him at
great peril, and the great advantages that
resulted to the Army and to the Government,
and for his services as recruiting officer, guide,
and scout, and for property taken and used
by the Federal Army, (aside from the large
amount taken by the rebel army because of
his devotion to the Union cause,) recommend
that Mr. Sawyer be paid for his property used
by the Army, and for all of his services afore-
said, the sum of $15,000.
Mr. KERR. Now, Mr. Speaker, is it too
late to make the point of order that this bill
making an appropriation must, under the
rules, have its first consideration in a Com-
mittee of the whole House on the Private
Calendar ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
not too late to make the point of order.
Mr. KERR. Then I make that point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The reading of reports
accompanying bills is different from debating
a bill on the floor, and the Chair therefore
considers the point of order in time when
made at the end of the reading of the report.
The gentleman from Indiana makes the point
of order on this bill that making an appropri-
ation of money it must,, under the rule, go to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and the Chair sustains that point
of order, and the bill will be< so referred.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the fact whether this bill
. really does make an appropriation of money,
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thought so
