1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
42d Conq....3d Sess.
The Battle of Lake Erie—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
formed a full and valuable consideration for the
release of toe others." * * * * *
"If the United States were liable to pay these
claimants, that liability must rest upon the broad
ground of a failure by the Government after ordin-
ary, and in this instance extraordinary efforts to
collect the money. The idea of a release of the
claims for a valuable consideration passing to the
Government at the expense of these claimants haa
been exploded, and if a liability is to be claimed
on account of a failure to collect the money, upon
what ground does it rest ? What has the Govern-
ment done to protect the rights of these claim-
ants? It negotiated from 1793 to 1798 with a vigil-
ance and zeal and talent almost unprecedented in
the history of diplomacy. It sent to France minister
after minister, and upon several occasions extra-
ordinary missions, composed of several individuals.
Between 1798 and 1800 it equipped fleets and armies,
expended millions in warlike preparations, and
finally sent forth its citizens to battle and death to
force the payment of the claims. Are we now to be
told that our failure in these efforts* has created a
liability against us to pay the money; and that
the same citizens who have been taxed to pay the
expenses of these long negotiations, and of tnis war
for the claims, are to be further taxed to pay sjich
of the claims as we failed to collect? I can never
consent to such a deduction from such premises."
THE UNITED STATES SOLEMNLY DECLARE THEY NEVER
RECEIVED ANY COMPENSATION FKt>M FRANCE FOR
THESE CLAIMS.
Mr. Speaker, I must not close this argu-
ment, already too long, without the brief state-
ment, at least, of the very important fact,
heretofore overlooked, that the United States,
on February 22, 1821, in the most solemn
manner, directly binding our national faith
and honor, declared that they never received
any Compensation from France for the claims
of our citizens against her. Do you ask how
this solemn declaration was made? I will
show you the record. These unlawful cap-
tures, condemnations, and confiscations made
by France and her citizens against our citi-
zens were not all perfected in French ports or
tribunals. But they could not be lawfully
taken for legal proceedings of condemnation
and confiscation into the ports and tribunals
of any neutral nation without offense against
the United States. Spain was then a neutral
nation. She had no right to open her ports
and courts for the prizes taken by France
from our citizens. But she did not observe
her obligations of neutrality, and did suf-
fer her ports and courts to be thus used
by France to our injury. Her conduct in
that behalf became a subject of complaint
on our part and of demand for indemnity to
our citizens whose property had been per-
mitted by Spain, in violation of her duty as a
neutral, to be taken by Frenchmen into her
ports for safety, and into her judicial tribunals
for condemnation and sale. Spain at length,
after long and tedious negotiations, admitted
the justice of our demand, and her own vio-
lation of neutral duty, and in the treaty of
February 22, 1819, ratified finally February
22, 1821, she provided for the payment of
indemnity to all our citizens who held claims
against France for illegal captures and con-
fiscations of the property of our citizens be-
tween 1793 and 1801, which captures were in
fact suffered by her to be taken by their
French captors into her ports and tribunals for
confiscation and sale. On account of such
claims, which were a part of the claims of our
citizens against France, Spain actually paid to
our citizens, under the provisions of that treaty,
the large sum of $2,845,619. (See Sumner's
report on French spoliation claims, April 4,
1864, p. 41.)
Now, I come to the proof of my statement.
During the diplomatic correspondence which
preceded and led to_ the execution of that
Spanish treaty, our ministers and Government
always declared and protested that the United
States had never in any manner received any
payment or compensation from France for
these wrongs of Spain against our citizens,
being a part of the French spoiliation claims.
But Spain was not content with mere diplo-
matic assurances on that point, and she there-
fore required our Government solemnly to
certify the same truth in the treaty itself.
Hence it is that, in article fourteen of the treaty,
I now read to the House this statement:
" The United States hereby certify that they have
not received any compensation from France for the
injuries they suffered from her privateers, consuls
and tribunals on the coasts and in the ports of Spain,
for the satisfaction of whioh provision is made in
this treaty."
These claimants insisted, however, from
1800 to this time continuously, that by our
treaty with France of September, 30, 1800, for
good and valuable considerations, the United
States assumed the payment of all the French
spoliation claims; and certainly they did
assume the payment of all or none, and if they
had not assumed the payment of those claims
which arose out of French captures, con-
demned in Spanish ports and tribunals, then
they had assumed none, because the claims all
stood upon the same legal basis, and were
never distinguished, either in the diplomatic
correspondence on the subject or elsewhere,
one from the other, or one class from any
other class. Therefore, when the United
States pledged their sacred honor to Spain
that they had never received any compensa-
tion for those claims, arising as I have stated,
they equally certified that they had never
received any compensation for any of the
claims whatever. But these claimants ask us
now to declare by a solemn act of legislation
that we did receive compensation for all those
claims from France, and that we did agree to
pay them all to our citizens, and that we uttered
a falsehood in our declaration in the treaty
with Spain in order to induce her to pay to our
citizens $2,845,619 on account of those claims.
In truth, the more carefully these pretentious
assumptions of the claimants are examined the
more baseless, unworthy, and reckless they
appear. For the full correspondence on this
subject between our Government and Spain,
conducted from time to time between 1804 and
1821, by Edward Livingston, Charles Pinck-
ney, James Monroe, and John Quincy Adams,
respectively, on the part of the United States, 1
refer to volumes two, three, and four, Ameri-
can State Papers, Foreign Relations.
Mr. Speaker, these claimants are not content
alone to impeach the wisdom and honesty of
our tried and illustrious men of 1800, and of
the generation succeeding them, in order to
maintain their case against the people and the
Treasury, but they now practically demand
that in their interests we shall give new life to
those old and long-abrogated treaties. Their
bill now pending before the House expressly
declares that the commissioners therein cre-
ated—
" Shal 1 be governed in their decisions by the prin-
ciples of justice, the law of nations, and the former
treaties between the United States and France, to
wit, the treaty of amity and commerce of February 6,
1778, the treaty of alliance of the same date, and the
consular convention of November, 14,1788."
Such an enactment would be, perhaps, the
first of its kind in the world's history, perni-
cious in example, most dangerous as a prece-
dent, inviting like shadowy claims against us
by other citizens for alleged wrongs of other
nations under other defunct and forgotten
treaties. Open such a door for the establish-
ment of such claims, by testimony little better
than treacherous hearsay, selfish visions, or
unreliable traditions, and you will prepare a
way through which theTreasury may be robbed,
and infinite injustice be done to all the people
and to the interests of the public morals.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have to say
tffat I am utterly unwilling to support this
measure, because I believe these claims were
never valid, and are now worthless and base-
less as claims against the United States, and
if paid as provided in this bill most of the
$5,000,000 will go to enrich a few jobbers and
insurance companies, and do the most trifling
good to original claimants or their individual
and legal representatives. There is no equity
in any of the claims against the United States.
In most cases, if the vessel and cargo were in
truth captured and condemned, yet the loss
thereby was made good to the owners by the
insurance companies. The latter have no
equity, because their payments of losses to the
few who suffered capture and condemnation
were repaid to them with munificent profits
by the thousands of owners who paid them
exorbitant premiums for insurance on their
vessels and cargoes which escaped capture
and condemnation. In my deliberate judg-
ment, all that these people shall ever obtain
upon these claims from our Treasury will be
clear gain to them, without the shadow of con-
sideration to the Government, past or present.
Our duty to the people generally, our obliga-
tions to protect the Treasury and the public
morals, and to defeat unmeritorious jobs and
schemes, cooperate with manifest considera-
tions of public policy to make it our impera-
tive duty to repel this measure with emphasis,
if not with merited indignation.
The Battle of Lake Erie.
SPEECH OF HON. J. E. STEVENSON,
of ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
March 1, 1873,
On the proposition to pay W. H. Powell for his pic-
ture illustrative of Perry's victory.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the paint-
ing of " The Battle of Lake Brie," which'now
fills the panel of the east front of the Senate
wing of the Capitol is a historic picture. It
is history itself; a literal representation of one
of the grandest events in the life of the nation;
" Perry's victory" ranks as one of our no-
blest and most momentous national triumphs.
There we met and overcame Great Britain,
that power who never willingly relaxes her
grasp upon anything, that power from whom
we conquered our independence, and who yet
denied our rights and strove to hold us in
semi-subjection. Thus came the war of 1812,
and in that struggle there were two grand
events; one the battle of New Orleans, where
upon the land we vindicated American man-
hood, and the other, the battle of Lake Erie,
where, on the central lake of our inland waters,
our seamen demonstrated their heroism.
These interior seas are of vital importance
to us, and if we had allowed Great Britain
to rule them we could hardly have maintained
our independence; we can ill-afford to share
them with her; to have abandoned or lost
them would have been fatal. Hence the bat-
tle was one on which our destiny depended,
and our signal victory was of infinite value.
I hope to see the day when all the regions
reached by the echoes of Perry's guns ; when
both shores of all the lakes shall be under the
flag he bore so well; when the Canadas and
the provinces shall be united in freedom and
prosperity with us in one Republic. There-
fore this picture is to me not only history but
prophecy. It revives and perpetuates the glo-
rious past and predicts and brings on the yet
more glorious future. '
It is an inspiration to every true American.
Let none pass it without pausing to mark the
heroic action of Perry ; the devotion of the
noble boy,' his brother; the grouping and move-
ment of the crew; the boat riding the waves
and springing on her way a thing of life.
Freighted as no craft was ever freighted be-
fore, she flies from ship to ship across a shell-
ploughed sea. The flag, fairest flower of lib-
erty, when did it ever bloom so bright, when
so proudly stream into the air 1
Look at Perry ; he speaks and tells the
wounded mea he leaves behind in his disabled,
