1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
There was a remark made by some Senator
here upon which I, as one Senator, not as a
member of the committee, desire to say a word.
I do not think that any one citizen of the
Uuited States by sending a petitiou to the Sen-
ate of the United States has a right, in the
absence of the Senator accused, to subject him
to an investigation the very existence of which
may imperil if not destroy his reputation.
Mr. CONKLING. Some days ago a mem-
ber of this body, whose days of service here are
now nearly closed, appealed to the Senate to
solve a question touching him. What was that
question ? The country and the Senate had been
astounded by a somewhat dramatic display in
the Legislature of Kansas. I Wish it had been
only dramatic; but it was something more.
A somewhat curious combination of circum-
stances led those engaged in contesting the
reelection of the Senator in question to wait
until the last moment of the last "hour had
arrived, when the two houses were in joint
convention, and when the whole public was
looking on, and then to explode, when it was
too late to investigate, a crushing charge against
him. I will not stop to remind Senators of
the qualities in this proceeding which appeal
to every man of honor and of courage. 1 will
not stop to say that it was a strange choice of
expedients, assuming the Senator in question
to have been guilty, which provoked or induced
his opponents, or his accusers, to wait until
that time, when, guilty or innocent, the result
would be the same to him, and then choose a
mode of striking him which rendered it im-
possible for him to strike back. I allude to
what occurred only to bring the Senate back
to the nature of this inquiry.
The Senator thus exposed, thus held up to
the gaze of the public, was not reelected. The
issue of that joint convention was to send an-
other person here to succeed him. Therefore,
whatever pertains to the election of his suc-
cessor was entirely unimportant when this
investigation was ordered ; it is entirely unim-
portant now. What, then, was the gravamen
of the investigation? To find out whether
this Senator thus arraigned before the country
was guilty or innocent of that charge. He
appealed to the justice of the members of this
body. He appealed to their magnanimity. L
say that because the Senate _ might have
washed its hands of him and said, *' You are
not reelected ; this is a question which touches
your character as a Senator; to be sure it
touches your character as a man ; it is natural
that you want it investigated ; but we cannot
stop here to investigate it in order to exoner-
ate you or to convict you." Whatever may
have been the right of the Senate to abstain
from this investigation, it accorded it from
justice or magnanimity, as the case might be,
and directed a committee to go out and inquire
as to the correctness of the statement of Mr.
York, if that be his name, who rose in the
Legislature of Kansas, and not under oath,
but with all the adjuncts' and particulars of
that curiously chosen occasion, made a state-
ment of all "that he deemed pertinent, which
was likely to sink the man of whom he spoke
under a load of obloquy which the waters of
forgetfulness will roll over in vain unless he
can exonerate himself. The committee was
instructed to go and inquire whether York, the
accuser, was true or talse in what he said.
They proceeded to inquire.
Who was York? A witness merely before
that committee. But the Senator from Ohio
has told us that having accorded to the ben-
ator the right to appear by counsel, it was
deemed perfectly right (that was his expres-
sion) to permit this witness, for he was nobody
else there, to appear by counsel also, mat
certainly was an act of grace howard Mr.
York. I pass no criticism upon it, although
I have never been able to understand how
before any tribunal a witness was to appear by
counsel. He appeared by counsel, and the
Senator from New Jersey has just told us that
he and his counsel have exhausted their case;
the prosecution has rested, if I may so say,
and now a petition comes from the counsel of
Mr. York to the Senate, to do what? "To
permit evidence to be given that money or
other valuable consideration was paid by,"
whom? "By the agents and friends of Sen-
ator Pomeroy to vote for him at said sena-
torial election."
Mr. President, if we were investigating the
result of that election, we know in reason, and
I might appeal to cases to show that if the
election were controlled by bribery it would
not be important that Mr. Pomeroy was the
person guilty of that bribery ; his fate would
be a mere incident in the inquiry. Why?
Because, if the election were bought, if bribery
and corruption controlled it, whether Mr.
Pomeroy was the moving agent of that bribery
or not, assuming that bribery would vitiate the
election, it would be vitiated; and whether he
were guilty or innocent would be a subordin-
ate question, because it pertains only to him
as an individual. But to try the truth or fal-
sity of this charge it cannot be important to
know whether that election was controlled by
bribery not proceeding from Mr. Pomeroy,
although his friends, those enlisted for him,
may have been guilty of it. That, then, is
what this petitioner, it' such he be, asks.
My friend from Connecticut [Mr. Perry]
has offered a resolution, or is going to offer
. e. which he showed me, and which confines
within narrower limits than this petition the
proposed enlargement. But, Mr. President,
whether the enlargement be more or less, we
cannot shut our eyes to this fact, as 1 have
been saying, a member of the Senate whose
term is almost closed, who, along with the rest
of us, has butabout ten or eleven days remain-
ing of this session, rises and asks that before
he leaves us forever the verdict of the Senate
shall be passed upon the question whether Mr.
York, in his statements, aspersed him or not.
That inquiry has been exhausted on the part
of the prosecution; the Senator is about to
reply, and now comes an invitation to this
committee to do that which would be harm-
less at least, (if it had nothing else to recom-
mend it,) if it had a month, or two, or three,
before it, but which I fear—and that is the
point to which I come, and the only one, for
it is the only objection that I can find on which
I could rest my vote against this enlargement-
puts it in the power of this accuser and those
with him to occupy this committee during the
residue Of these ten days, with five days of
interval between them and the witnesses to be
summoned ; and when the Senator comes to
reply, his right to reply will be like the right
to shear the wool; he can reply after the sands
will have run out; the closing hours of this
session will have passed by, and he will be left
here, stranded, upon this accusation which has
been made against him, and trumpeted trom
one end of the country to the other; and he
will be as badly off, nay worse, than he would
have been had he sat down quietly and asked
no investigation.
Mr. President, if the committee will con-
sider this, if they will inform the Senate that
any resolution that they propose, although it
enlarges their powers, will leave it within
reasonable probabilities that they can con-
clude this main inquiry, for one I have no
objection to it. But if this enlargement is to
be given in order that the investigation may
be snowed under with fresh charges and fresh
investigation, then i would vote that this c01^"
mittee proceed, first, to continue and conclude
that investigation which has been moved, and
after that, if anybody, be it Mr. Simpson or
any one else, has charges to make against the
member of the Senate m question or any other
member, I will vote with all my heart to give
the committee power to go on and ransack
creation, if need be, .in order to prove the
truth of that. . ,
But I would not like' to vote to put it m the
power of the counsel of this witness or prose-
cutor to occupy the attention of the committee
as long as he pleases, uutil the opportunity has
passed by and until the Senate is completely
baffled in what it set out to do, namely, to
ascertain whether this charge made in Kansas,
under the circumstances which I have referred
to, rested upon truth or rested upon falshond.
The Senator who moved this investigation,
I submit, has a right to have that question
answered, and afterthe committee have investi-
gated it, if anybody wants to make other
charges against him, whatever his disposition
in the case might be, 1 would vote, for one,
that they should persevere in examining those
charges ; but not that new charges should be
substituted for those that are here, or so allied
with them as to bury altogether the investiga-
tion at the end of the session, and leave it
entirely impotent for the purpose which the
Senate had in view when they ordered it.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, rose.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. Will the Sena-
tor from Connecticut permit me to correct a
misapprehension before he proceeds ? The
Senator from New York understood me as
saying that Mr. York had exhausted his testi-
mony. My remark was, or was intended to
be, that he had exhausted his testimony so far
that we had called upon Mr. Pomeroy to com-
mence his defense to-morrow morning. He
reserved, the witnesses not having arrived, the
right to introduce two or three witnesses for
the purpose, as he says, of identifying the
money. Mr. Pomeroy, by his counsel, was
unwilling to proceed ; but we, for the sake of
saving time, insisted that he should go on,
although the ease against him was not per-
fsctcdi
Mr.'cONKLING. If my friend will allow
me, it is the ordinary case in court of the
plaintiff resting with the right to call another
witness, whom he specifies in advance so as to
give notice to the other party. That is just
as I understood it, and upon that I make ray
remark, that that being the case, it is now a
proposition to allow the plaintiff to come in
with new, and other, and different causes of
action, to occupyperhaps the whole term of the
court.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I certainly have no desire to have any
investigation here other than what is required
by the facts which have been made to appear
to the Senate, and by what seems to me to
have been the invitation of the Senator from
Kansas himself. Officially, the first know-
ledge that the Senate had of any of this trans-
action was from the Senator from Kansas,
who after some somewhat lengthy remarks
introduced the resolution which passed the
Senate and upon which the committee is now
making this inquiry. But if 1 am to' follow
the example of the Senator from New York
and take information from the newspapers
and from public rumor, I may go somewhat
further back and from the newspapers^ learn
that on the day of the senatorial election m
Kansas a member of the senate of that State
charged the Senator from Kansas in this body
with bribing him, the member of the State
Legislature, and also with bribing and attempt-
ing to bribe other members of the State Legis-
lature. Those allegations were made by Mr.
York on the day of the joint convention of the
Legislature in Kansas. .
The Senator from Kansas rose here m his
seat, alleged that there had been a conspiracy
which was the consummation of all villainy—1
use his own language almost—against him,
and denied that he had ever bribed1 ork, or
bribed or attempted to bribe any other mem-
ber of the Kansas Legislature. He then intro-
duced a resolution which I certainly supposed,
and which 1 presume the Senate supposed,
went to the whole scope of the accusation
against him and the whole scope of his own
denial. Now it turns out that when that re so -
I lution is placed before the committee and tney
