1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the resolution as read.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and seven minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 18, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
boundaries of oregon.
Mr. SLATER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent of the House to take up for
consideration and pass a bill (H. R. No. 3693)
conforming the boundaries of the State of
Oregon to those fixed and defined in the con-
stitution of said State as presented to Congress
when applying for admission into the Union
as a State. The bill is now before the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and has received
■their indorsement, which accompanies the bill.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the State of Oregon shall be
bounded as follows, to wit: beginning one
marine league at sea due west from the point
where the forty-second parallel of north lati-
tude intersects the same; thence northerly at
the same distance from the line of the coast,
lying west and opposite the State, including
all islands within the jurisdiction of the United
States, to a point due west and opposite the
middle of the north ship channel of the Colum-
bia river; thence easterly to and up the middle
channel of the river, and where it is divided
by islands, up the middle of the widest chan-
nel thereof to the mouth of the Shoshones or
Snake river; thence up the middle of the main
channel of the Shoshones or Snake river to
the moutli of the Owyhee river; thence due
i-outh to the parallel of latitude forty-two
north; thence west along the parallel to the
place of beginning, the boundaries being in
conformity with the memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State, duly certified and trans-
mitted to Congress, and also in conformity
with the original boundaries of the State as
fixed and determined in the constitution there-
of as presented by the State upon application
for admission into the Union, provided that
the question of the readjustment of the bound-
aries of the State shall be submitted to a vote
of the legal voters residing in that portion of
the Territory of Washington included within
the boundaries of the State as defined, in the
manner and at the time provided.
The second section provides that at the general
election next to be holden after the passage of
the act, in the county of Walla-Walla, in the
Territory of Washington, for the election of
members of the territorial Assembly, the
qualified voters of the county shall decide by
vote the question whether the county shall be
included within the boundaries of the State of
Oregon as prescribed ; that notice of the elec-
tion shall be given and posted in the respect-
ive election districts or precincts in the county
in the same manner as notices of other elec-
tions under the laws of the Territory are re-
quired to be given and posted; that at the elec-
tion each legal voter entitled to vote in the
county for members of the territorial Assembly
of the Territory shall be entitled to vote for or
against the proposition, aad the form of the
vote shall be "Annexation, yes;" or "An-
nexation, no." The election shall be held
and governed, the votes given and counted,
and the returns made and canvassed in all re-
spects under the laws of the Territory of Wash-
ington governing elections, except as other-
wise provided. And if it shall appear fro.m
the canvass of the returns of the vote upon the
proposition in the county of Walla-Walla,
made by the proper officers of the county, that
a majority has been given in favor of " annexa-
tion," then, and in that case, the auditor of
the county of Walla-Walla, under the seal of
the county, shall make and certify an abstract
of the vote in triplicate, one' of which certifi-
cates certified he shall transmit to the secre-
tary of the Territory of Washington, one shall
be transmitted to the secretary of the State of
Oregon, and the other shall be transmitted to
the President of the United States; that upon
the receipt of the certified abstract of the
auditor of the county by the President of the
United States, if the same be in due form and
in accordance with the provisions of the act,
and if it shall further appear therefrom that a
majority of the votes cast in the election in
the county were given in favor of "annexa-
tion," he shall thereupon issue his proclama-
tion declaring the result of the election and
the boundaries of the State of Oregon to be
as fixed and determined in the act. From
the date of the proclamation the jurisdiction
of the State of Oregon shall extend over that
part of the Territory of Washington included
in the boundaries of the State as fixed and
determined; provided that the county commis-
sioners of the county of Walla-Walla may, at
any regular meeting authorized by law, upon
the petition of not less than three hundred
legal voters of the county, by order duly made
and entered upon the journal of the board,
order a special election for the determination
of the question at such time prior to the time
fixed as the board may in such order prescribe.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If that bill
occasions any debate I must object and call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. SLATER. I do not think it will give
rise to any debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If it passes sub
silentio, without debate, as I have said, I will
not object.
Mr. HOAR. I must object.
university for the blind.
Mr. DUNNELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Education and Labor,
reported back petitions asking for the estab-
lishment of a university for the blind; and-
moved the same be referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
printing of tiie debates.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the consideration of a report from
the Committee on Printing in reference to the
reporting and printing of the congressional
debates, which comes over as the unfinished
business from Saturday last, on which the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,] chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, is entitled
to the floor for forty minutes remaining of his
hour.
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the Chair must enforce it.. There
can be but one thing in regular order ; and as
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
demands the regular order, the gentleman from
Ohio must proceed or surrender the floor.
The bill before the House, which was read,
authorizes the joint Committee of Congress on
Public Printing to direct the Congressional
Printer to contract, on behalf of the United
States of America, with William ,1. Murtagh,
of Washington, District of Columbia, for the
reporting and publication of the debates in
Congress for the term of six years, on and
from the 4th of March, 1873, in accordance
with the proposals submitted by him for
said reporting and printing; provided that
the reporters so employed for the Senate
saallbe at all times subject to the approval
of the joint Committee on Public Printing
on the part of the Senate, and the reporters
so employed for the House of Represent-
atives shall be at all times subject to the
approval of the joint Committee on Public
Printing on the part of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; that Murtagh shall, at the time
of executing the contract, give bond to the
United States in the penal sum of hun-
dred thousand dollars, with sureties, to be
approved by the joint Committee on Public
Printing, conditional for the due and faithful
performance of the stipulations of said con-
tract to be by him performed ; that before the
United States shall be called on to pay for any
reporting or publication of the debates, the
accounts therefor shall be submitted to the
joint Committee on Public Printing, or to
such other officer or officers of Congress as
they may designate, and on their or his appro-
bation thereof, as being in all respects accord-
ing to the contracts, it shall be paid for from the
Treasury of the United States, after having
passed the proper accounting, officers thereof;
in case Murtagh shall fail to execute the
contract and give the bond mentioned in the
first section of this act within ten days after
such contract shall be presented to him, or
shall at any time, in the judgment of the joint
Committee on Public Printing, fail in the due
performance of the same, the joint Committee
on Public Printing is authorized to have the
debates reported as they shall direct, and to
have them printed, under the direction of the
Congressional Printer, at the Government
Printing Office.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to fill the blank
with "one;" so it will read, "give a bond
to the United States in the penal sum of
$100,000."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am told the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] desires to address
the House on this question, and I will demand
the previous question and then divide with him
the closing hour to which I am entitled.
Mr. KERR. I do not desire to proceed, but
prefer rather to hear remarks on the other
side first.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman consent
to have the previous question seconded and
the main question ordered?
Mr. KERR. I hope that will not be done.
All the time heretofore has been occupied by
the gentleman from Ohio, and now to divide
the time would be scarcely a fair distribution
of time.
Mr. BEATTY. I only occupied about fif-
teen minutes of time. Unless the gentleman
is ready to proceed I will demand the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
52, noes 46; no quorum voting.
Mr. KERR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 72.
Mr. BEATTY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays can -
not be demanded on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
So the previous question was not seconded.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the House
to go into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to move that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the sundry
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. KERR. I will yield that the sense-ot'
the House may be tested on that question,
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the sundry civil appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to—ayes eighty-
eight, noes not counted.
