1456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
one State protects fishes and breeds them ; the
State immediately below does neither, bat
steals the product of the State above. Hence
discouragement comes upon them and the
system is entirely destroyed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is one thing
I will never attempt to do again, and that is to
fry fish. [Laughter.]
Mr. FRYE. If you do, you will get fried
yourself. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I caught no fish
in Maine last summer, there was enough
caught to make a good fry. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am well aware that
people cultivate fish. In my own county in
Illinois I know two or three men who are
engaged in cultivating trout. It is well
enough for individuals and well enough for
States to protect and cultivate fish ; but my
point is, that it is not the business of the Gov-
ernment to go a fishing, and that it is no part
of the duty of Congress to establish a bureau
of fishes. It is impossible for your bureau of
fishes to take jurisdiction over the rivers,
ponds, and lakes in the different States; it
cannot be done.
Another thing is, that anything that the
' Government of the United States undertakes
to do costs more than it would if done by
private enterprise.
Now, I do not know why this thing was
started. I was told a moment ago by a dis-
tinguished gentlemau upon whose word I have
every^ reliance that the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who is
responsible for this bureau, started it because
he went fishing sometimes and did not know
what bait to put upon his hook, [laughter,]
and he wanted a commissioner of fishing ap-
pointed so that he might be furnished with that
information. I do not know whether that is
true or not.
Mr. HOAR. You have brushed it up a great
deal. [Laughter.]
Mr. BARNSWORTH. I only tell it as it
was told to me.
Mr. HOAR. No, you don't.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, very nearly.
[Laoghter.]
Mr. HOAR. You have changed it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not say who
was the gentleman who told me. But" let the
galled jade wince; my withers are unwrung."
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order ;
it is impossible to hear what is going on.
Mr. HA WLBY, of Connecticut. It is of no
consequence.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, for the pur-
pose of obtaining order, I will sit down.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
surrender the floor?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do.
Mr. FRYE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAWES, I renew it. The first error
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnswoeth] fell into, in the early history
of this commission, was the idea that got
into his head some how, and which he has
never been able to get out of it, that this
was some specialty for the benefit of the
Atlantic coast. It is true that it found its
earliest friends on the Atlantic coast, and it
is very natural that a jealous Representative
of the western country should' fall into that
error. But although the demonstration of the
usefulness of this commission was first made
FP Atlantic coast, yet my friend does
himself greatinjustice in ostentatiously exhibit-
ing his ignorance of what is going on in other
portions of the country to the extent he does
every time this appropriation comes up. Since
he began his fight on this commission, only
three years ago, the beneficial effect of it has
swept all over the continent, except perhaps
where the gentleman resides; I forget exactly
where it is, but on the prairie somewhere.
Now I suggest to him that if he could only
see what has been done by this commission,
he would before long have a, fish-pond in his
own door-yard, from which he could catch
fish for his breakfast. And with the ordinary
intelligence and progress that so distinguish
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswoeth,]
it is probable that in five years from this time
he will catch his own fish for his breakfast,, as
a man catches and kills the fowls in his door-
yard for the food of himself and family.
When in California I saw the result of this
experiment, in a little artificial lake, con-
structed upon the dry plains of that State, and
supplied with water from the mountains, that
artificial lake was filled with as beautiful trout
as were ever taken from any brook in the
mountains of New England. There was fish
enough in that little lake to supply such food
for all the neighberhood about there, more
food than can be produced inany other method
by the expenditure that was made there.
Now I want to tell my friend from Illinois,
just why it is necessary for Congress to inter-
fere in this matter. It is because the States
having jurisdiction undertake each one, in its
own method, to cultivate fish, and conflict in
their methods and plans. Upon the Atlantic
coast for a few years back, the pounds in
which were gathered the fish that served as
food for the food fishes would yield in a single
night from ten to twenty tons of fish, which
have been taken out and sold all over the
country for fertilizing purposes, to the injury
of the fish upon which man lives by destroy-
ing in enormous quantity the food most suited
for them.
-/ Now it is the effort of this commissioner to
harmonize the plans of the different State
Legislatures upon this subject, so that there
might be a uuity, a better understanding of the
habits of these fish, for that is all that is needed
to be known in this country. Let the habits
of the fish be known, and man's necessity will
seeto the rest. Men will see that the habits
of fish are such that they can be cultivated for
food as easily as any animals, and to a greater
extent and at less cost. As has been said by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Frye,] fish is
one of the most valuable sources of cheap food
for the country that can possibly be encouraged
by appropriations from Congress, and my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] does great
injustice by ignoring the bonefieial effects of
this commission. I know that he thought,
when it was originated three or four years ago,
that it was some fancy notion of somebody
down on the eastern coast.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No ; I thought it
was the fancy of some one here in Washington,
and I think so still.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 withdraw the amendment.
The question was then taken on the motion,
to strike out the paragraph, and it was not
agreed to. Upon a division, there were—ayes
nineteen, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library
to purchase and print a series of unpublished his-
torical documents relating to the early French dis-
ln Northwest and on the Mississippi,
5>10,U00, or so much thereof as may be necessary
the printing ot the same to be under the direction
oi said committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this paragraph is new legislation upon
this subject. There has been no legislation
upon this subject heretofore; and this is an
appropriation not provided for by any existing
„,®r' It is no new legislation,
lnere is legislation allowing the Committee
on, ,e. to (pake purchases of books,
and this only extends their means of purchas-
ing tor this special purpose.
. ^r" S^kM-AN. This authorizes publica-
tion. i here is no law authorizing the com-
mittee to publish books.
Mr. PETERS. During every Congress the
books 6 S°me resPecta PuWish
Mr. HOLMAN. I should be gl.ad if my
friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] would point
out any authority for that in the law.
Mr. PETERS. A great many appropria-
tions in the form of law have been made for
this purpose.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, may I be per-
mitted to refer to a precedent on this precise
question ? During the very last Congress, I
had the honor of offering to the miscellaneous
appropriation bill an amendment authorizing
the purchase of the English County Histories.
It was held in order and adopted by the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Hot,man].
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by in-
serting after the paragraph last read the fol-
lowing :
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives topay the twelve crippled and disabled soldiers
now in the employment of the Doorkeeper of the
House, from March 4, 1873, to December 1, 1873.
$12,000.
Under the construction of the law as it
stands there is a doubt whether these men
should be paid out of the contingent fund or
by special appropriation. This is to obviate
any difficulty on that point.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to offer an amend-
ment which is more appropriate before the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] comes in, as my amendment
relates to the Library Committee. It is to
add the following :
And of the $15,000 appropriated by act of June 10,
1872, to enable said committee to purchase works ot
art, the sum of $10,000 is hereby declared to have
been appropriated and shall be expended for ihe
purpose of providing for a statue of the late Edward
Dickinson Baker.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, is that
provision in order ?
Mr. SARGENT. Unquestionably it is. It
proposes to carry out an appropriation made
last, session and to explain that appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rise to a point of order,
whether this is not a provision proposing to
divert an appropriation from the purpose for
which it was originally designed?
Mr SARGENT. What I want to show is
that it is not a diversion at all; and I send to
the Clerk's desk to be read a statement of the
conferees upon the bill which contained the
original appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will direct
that the statement be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Committee on Appropriations,
United States Senate, 1872.
Sir : We, the undersigned committee of conference
on the part of the benate and House on the sundry
§1 L-i'ic*esl,lnS t° carry out the provisions of
ft°u,3e, bill passedJlayla, providing for the statueof
the late .howard Dickinson Baker, have introduced
an amendment to amendment sixty-four, increasing
the item ot $o,000 for works of art to be procured
byyo^commituetoS15,m so that the additional
$10,00(1 may be applied to the purpose of carrying out
HmLfin0'«,TI1SV an?u 00mPletmg a contract with
t-2ne -for the execution of the statue, so
that the Librarian may be enabled to contract with
him for the same.
C. COLE,
HEOKUE F. EDMUNDS,
J. W. STEVENSON.
Manager* on the part of the S, n„,r
J. A. GARFIELD,
Ji\ W. PALMER,
W. E. NIBLACK,
Manager* on tke part >>/ the limine.
Hon. Lot M. Moreili,, U. is. Senate,
Chairman uf the Lib,,try Vommitte,.
^A-RGENT. The paper just read sho .vs
that I am not. mistaken in my statement.
I he CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point ot order.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose no argument is
necessary upon this matter, as the orisjiual
proposition was adopted by the House ui.oni
imously. It is eminently proper that u .statue
jsitr101 *b<",ld b-
Mr. HOLMAN. What has become of the
