492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
derstanding with regard to the powers and
duties of the Bureau of Education. I propose
that we refresh our minds as to the proper
position of this matter by a reference to a
portion of the act of Congress establishing the
bureau, and giving to it all the power that
it now enjoys. In that act the duties of
the Commissioner of Education are defined
to be—
"To collect such statistics and facts as shall show
tbe condition and progress of eduoation in the sev-
eral States and Territories, and the diffusing of such
information respecting the organization and man-
agement of the school systems and method of teach-
ing as shall aid the people of the United States in
the establishment and maintenance of efficient sys-
tems, and otherwise promote the cause of education
throughout the country."
There is nothing in this law that undertakes
to deprive any State of the right to institute
any system of common-school education that
it may think proper. There is nothing in it
which seeks to enable the Bureau of Educa-
tion to impose upon any State any system of
education. The great object of the act is
merely to collect from ali the States of the
Union and from foreign countries whatever
information may be accessible respecting the
best method of teaching youth, embodying
that information in reports such as that I hold
in my hand, and sending that information
abroad throughout the nation, and may well
be defined to be an educational exchange.
I may remark, too, that this .is merely a vol-
untary system, and in nowise coercive. The
Commissioner of Education cannot impose
any duty upon educational officers or institu-
tions in any one of the States. He cannot by
virtue of any authority granted him by Con-
gress compel any of the States togive informa-
tion with regard to the educational systems in
such State. But I am glad to say that the
educational men in every State of the Union
regard it as a great privilege to send up to the
Bureau of Education all the statistics that
they may possess with regard to the common-
school system or any other school system in
such States. The result is that we have now
a book in which the statistics of education
throughout the length and breadth of the land
are compiled annually by the Commissioner,
and there is no book that is sought with more
eager anxiety or greater avidity by every
enlightened educator in the country. Day
after day the table of the Commissioner is
crowded with applications for this report.
Letters flow in upon him asking information
concerning the different school systems. The
people want light. They want to know what
is the best system of education for their own
particular locality. Taking up this book they
find what is the system adopted in one State
and another, and they select from the differ-
ent systems whatever they may think best
adapted to their peculiar necessities.
The interest the people feel in it is well
demonstrated by the fact that during the past
year twenty-three hundred letters were re-
ceived by the bureau ahd thirty-five hundred
letters written by it, being an increase of one
hundred and fifty per cent, over the same
work last year. More than thirty-three thou-
sand documents have been distributed in the
same time, an increase of nearly two hundred
per cent, over last year, and the Secretary of
the Interior in his last report recommends
increased appropriation for the office.
If, then, we wish to carry out the law accord-
ing to the original intention of Congress, and
keep up with the increasing demand upon the
bureau for information and keep it up to a
proper efficiency, we should vote for the addi-
tional appropriation called for by the amend-
ment of my friend from Minnesota.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Chairman, it "has
been claimed that the object of the legislation
of Congress in accepting the bequest of Smith-
son was to establish an institution for national
education. I desire merely to call attention
to the report of John Quincy Adams, made in
1836, which defined the object of that legisla-
tion. It im merely to accept a trust. That
trust was to found at Washington am estab-
lishment for the "increase and diffusion
of knowledge among men." The object of
that legislation was substantially to charter an
institution in this District; and Mr. Adams in
the report made by him claimed the power as
derived from the authority of Congress as the
local legislature of this District. On page 3
of the report he says:
"The location of the institution at Washington,
prescribed by the testator, gives to Congress the free
exercise of all the powers relating to this subject
with which they are by the Constitution invested as
the local legislature for the District of Columbia."
Further in 1846, when he was debating this
bill, which as chairman of the committee he
had reported, Mr. Adams said in his speecn,
which 1 find in the Globe, that " there was no
way in which the States could more degrade
themselves than by relying on foreign aid or
on the General Government for the education
of their children."
Mr. Adams thus disavowed expressly any
intention or desire that the General Govern-
ment should take charge of the question of
education.
As regards the establishment of a bureau
for the collation of facts, the selection of sta-
tistics, the receipt of reperts, and the spread-
ing of that information before the Executive
Departments, or before Congress for their in-
formation to enable them to act wisely, I think
there is no objection to that. In 1867 we
established this bureau, authorizing one Com-
missioner, one chief clerk, and one additional
clerk. Now, we have one Commissioner, one
chief clerk, and ten clerks ; but by this amend-
ment we are asked to allow four more clerks.
If at the close of the war, when we took charge
of the subject of reconstruction, it became
necessary also to advise and assist in educating
the enfranchised colored people of the rebel
States, and to obtain information in regard to
education, a larger number of clerks in this
bureau would seem to have been required at
that time than now. Why at the present time
should we increase the number ? As for my-
self, while voting for the appropriation recom-
mended by the committee, I shall vote against
the proposed increase.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague yields
the balance of his time to me, and 1 desire to
say only a word or two. The very will of
Smithson himself designates the name of his
institution. It was to found in the city of
Washington an institution to be called the
Smithsonian Institution, for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men. The be-
quest further stated how that should be done.
It was to found in the city of Washington an
institution for the increase and diffusion of
knowledge among men, and Congress never
appropriated a dollar from the Treasury for
the purpose of the building or anything else,
but it simply accepted the bequest for the pur-
pose of founding the institution according to
the terms of Smithson's will, and called it
the Smithsonian Institution. I only call at-
tention to these facts to show under what stress
of weather gentlemen must be driven when
they are obliged to resort to this example for
their authority under the Constitution to estab-
lish a Bureau of Education.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me strange, on the presentation of this ap-
propriation to carry out an existing law, the
debate should have drifted into the question
of the general power of the Government over
the subject of education in the States. As has
been already shown, there is the act of 1868
authorizing the appointment of a Commis-
sioner of Education at a fixed salary. The
bill pending proposes to secure payment of
that salary and provide additional clerical
force.
The gentleman has chosen to raise the ques-
tion of the power of Congress to promote
education. It* has been done in one way and
another ever since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. You have a Congressional Library,
you have a Smithsonian Institution, you have
your Naval Academy, you have your Military
Academy, all' institutions of instruction. In
answer to what has been said of the power of
Congress to legislate for the promotion of
learning, it is too late in the day now to under-
take to determine the power of the nation
under the Constitution of the United States
by the precedents of thirty years ago. You
have your Constitution so amended as to give
to Congress the power to correct abuses of the
States. You have your Constitution so amended
as to enable Congress to supply the wrongful
omissions of States. You have your Constitu-
tion so amended as to guaranty under the shelter
of the nation's law the privileges and immun-
ities of citizens of the United States; and if
there be any privilege of a citizen more sacred
than another, it is the right to know and to do
according to conscience. No State can inter-
pose and say it is an exclusive State right to
regulate the privilege of citizens to be educated,
or enjoy a part of the taxes they pay for the
purpose of educating their children. I know
within the respective State limits the primary
right abides with the State. I know it has
been long exercised by them. I know it has
been stimulated into greater activity under the
operation of this Bureau of Education than it
ever was before within the life of any man
living; and, as an evidence of it, I refer you
to the correspondence from every quarter of
the Union bearing directly on this subject on
the part of persons invested by local State
laws with the management of education in the
States.
I do not see, therefore, why under this mo-
tion to appropriate to carry into full effect the
existing law, to wit, for the establishment of
the Bureau of Education, and to give to it addi-
tional clerical force, we should have the ques-
tion raised and attempted to be decided in a
five-minutes debate what are at present the
powers of the Government of the United States
over a question second to none other in im-
portance. Washington never uttered a sounder
principle than when he said "in proportion
as the structure of Government depends on
public opinion it is essential that public opin-
ion should be enlightened.''
Mr. HALE. The Bureau of Education
affords an extreme instance of the idea that
Congress may do anything. There are other
matters that have been alluded to in this de-
bate where I can see that the feelings of a man
disposed to anti-centralization may modify his
views. The question of the aggressive and
aggrandizing power of railroads and all other
great monopolies may arouse in Congress, not
the question of the existence and practicability
of these enterprises as private concerns, but
the broader question of the rule of the Gov-
ernment for the people, or the rale of these
monopolies. But the Bureau of Education
presents no such question. It is really whether
Congress may do anything, not for the safety
of the people, but for its convenience. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Town^
send] who has just spoken, and who is always
interested in educational matters, says that the
people all over the country want light and are
constantly making inquiries here in Washing-
ton in regard to education. So they may upon
other subjects. There are, as there always
will be in newly formed communities, many
who want light on the question of pauperism^
on the question of roads, &c. There are cities
and large towns that want light and informa-
tion upon the question of regulating the social
evil. But Congress has something else to do
than to answer questions and give information
as a matter of convenience andYor the diffusion
of light.
But, Mr. Chairman, we have this educational
