1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I5t
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
Increase of Salaries—Mr. Holman.
Ho. of Reps.
sures thereon, showing that the bookkeeper was in
the habit of correcting errors in entries in that man-
ner, and that the entry of stock to Charles H. Neil-
son was not an isolated case.
Yours, truly, H. 0. CRANE.
Hon. James Brooks.
He could have explained not merely the era-
sures, but also the circumstances connected
with his different safes. On that point he
wished to show the following certificates to
the committee:
New York, February 22,1873.
This is to certify that the Hon. James Brooks, of
this city, has a private safe in the vaults of this co m-
pany standing in his own name.
FED. H. JENKS,
President of the Safe Deposit Company of Sew Yorlc.
New Yoek, February 22,1873.
This is to certify that J. & E. Brooks have a safe
in tho office of this journal for their own affairs.
Separate from the regular office safes.
THOS. B. KINGSLAND.
There are many other points on which he
desired to be heard. I will not impeach the
committee of intentional unfairness. Doubt-
less they thought they were doing right. But,
sir, it seems hard, very hard, to refuse so simple
a request fr.om a man who was more poorly
able to fight this terrible battle of his life than
any man I ever before saw put upon his trial.
[Here the.hammer fell.]
. Mr. VOORHEES. May I have a few min-
utes more?
Mr. BIGGS. I move that, the gentleman's
time be extended fifteen minutes.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. VOORHEES. It will not do to say
that the committee had not time. After this
appeal of Mr. Brooks, both in person and by
letter, the committee opened its door again
to the Vice President of the United States
for another explanation on his part. God -
forbid that I should complain of that act.
I am glad they extended this kindness to him.
I complain of nothing that tends to give
every man a fair cliance for his life, his liberty,
or his honor. But if there was one case that
appealed more than another to every senti-
ment of liberality and charity and kindness, was
it not that of a man so sick and broken in
health that his tottering and attenuated frame
fell at the very doors of this Hall during this
protracted investigation ? I think I know by
the instincts of my own heart that his country-
men and his constituents will exclaim that he
has not had fair play.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Will my col-
league allow me a word ?
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. If the com-
mittee were satisfied that the matters which
Mr. Brooks desired to explain, were immate-
rial from their point of view, I ask what was
to be accomplished by their reopening the door
to him? It was a matter of discretion to be
exercised according to their judgment. The
matters Mr. Brooks desired to explain we re-
garded as immaterial. About that we might
have been mistaken. But we considered the
question and passed upon it according to the
best of our judgment under the circumstances.
Mr. VOORHEES. My colleague needs no
assurance from me that there is hardly a man
living whose integrity of purpose I would not
sooner call in question than I would his.
What he did he did from the best of motives.
But I appeal from his decision in this case
with the same respect with which I would ap-
peal from his decision as a judge on the bench
to a higher court.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. The commit-
tee based their decision simply on the fact
that, in their judgment, the matters referred
to were immaterial with the case.
Mr. VOORHEES. As to that, let us see
what Mr. Brooks did ask. On Monday, the
17th of February, he addressed this letter to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,]
the chairman of the committee.
WaSHINQTON, February 17,
Monday, A. M., 10:5 o'clock.
Hon. Luke P. Poland, Chairman, <fcc..-
Finding your door olosed, I demand, before you
reach any conclusion on my case, what the greatest
criminal has the right to demand, a sight of the
indictment against me.
The only public charge made against me, and
upon which I had reason to think the whole case
turned, was the charge of McOomb, that Mr. Alley
gave mo fifty shares of Credit Mobilier stock to bribe
or influence Democratic members of Congress. This
has been proven by no one, but, on the contrary,
disproved by Alley, Dillon, flam, Neilson, Brooks.
If there be any other charge I demand tho right
of defense upon it, and to soe the charge, and when
it is presented I will undertake to prove negatives
to the entire satisfaction of the oomuoittee. I will
sbow by all or nearly all the clerks in the Union
Pacific railroad office, and in the Credit Mobilier
office, and by others, that all my transactions were
open, above board, and in nothing undercover^ It
is cruel in seoret committee, then, without notice,
to damn a man's unstained record of twenty years
of public life without a full and fair trial.
I have asked you to summon the Government
directors to show my uprightness and coordinate ac-
tion with them. It hasnotbeen done. I have asked
-you to call for Government reoords within a mile of
your cormnittee-room,-to show that McComb was
not a good witness. It has not been done. I have
been permitted to have but Messrs. Voorhees and
Beck as my witnesses against the dozen or more
called by you during the ten days you were arraign-
ing me. I most respectfully submit that this is un-
just, illegal, and partial, and beforo any conclusion
is reached, I respectfully demand such an oppor-
tunity for defense as would be given even a criminal
in a common police court.
Yours, respecting, but in ha^^
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. One word;
that was a part of the testimony.
Mr. BROOKS. But you opened the doors
two days afterward to Mr. Colfax when you
shut it to me.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I never heard
of a person under a criminal charge being
allowed to see the indictment.
Mr. BROOKS. Yet you let Mr. Colfax in
and shut me out.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. We did it in
the exercise of our legal discretion and as
what we thought best, and we have no apology
to make for it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I cannot yield further.
There is one more item to which I wish- to call
the attention of the House, and then I shall
hasten to a close. On the 12th day of Decem-
ber, 1807, h dividend was declared upon this
stock. The records of the company show that
on the 3d day of January, 1868, Charles H.
Neilson receipted for it. On the 3d of Jan-
uary, 1868, another dividend was declared, for
which Charles H. Neilson likewise receipted.
On the 17th of Jnue. 1868, another dividend
was declared, for which Neilson also receipted.
The whole business was conducted in his
name, and yet we are called upon to infer,
without a particle of conclusive proof to simply
infer that Mr. Brooks was false to his oath;
that he stands perjured in presence of his
Maker; that Neilsoo is likewise a felon, and
that all the gentlemen who corroborate their
testimony participate in their appalling guilt!
Sir, I cannot do it.
I feel that I am standing up agamst a flood
tide of opinion not warranted by proven facts.
It would be far easier to run with the current
now fiercely bearing on. It is not the first
time, however, that I have discharged what I
conceived to he a sacred duty uuder similar
circumstances, upheld by a firm faith that I
was right. I never was upheld by a firmer
faith than I am now. I believe Mr. Brooks
has told the truth on this subject. It was an
unfortunate transaction for him, as it has re-
sulted, but that he has been honest and truth-
ful I have not the sligtest doubt. That he was
a corrupt Government director, or has been a
corrupt member of Congress, I do not for a
moment believe. There is not a woid of proof
to show that he has committed any malfeasance
in either position. On the very vote to which
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
alluded yesterday, on the 26th of March, 1868,
on the Elihu B. Washburne bill, in regard to
the Paeifio railroad freights, Mr. Brooks's
name does not appear.
The distinguished gentleman himself, and
he equally distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusentts, [Mr. Banks,] both on this com-
mittee, voted against Mr. Washburne's bill,
and as it was then alleged and understood in
the interest of the road. Do not understand
me as calling in question the correctness of
that vote, but I do most earnestly protest
against the attempt to fasten on Mr. Brooks
as a crime that which you did yourselves, and
which he did not do. I have the record here
in the Globe.
Mr. Speaker, if we err here on the side of
leniency there is a power outside of this Hall
that will set all things right. Members^ need
not suppose that they must destroy their fel-
low-men here or else justice will never be
done. The process of expulsion is remedial
only and not for punishmeat. The courts of
the country are open, and joyfully would I
meet this case where the rules of evidence are
enforced and a jury finds a vefdict under the
direction of an enlightened bench .
And yet there is a still higher tribunal, out-
side of this Hall, that mighty public opinion
which will decide this question on its sober
second thought. If men have abused their
trust here and worked corruption in office,
that great tribunal will deal with them. And
as far as we ourselves are concerned, when the
earth shall recede from our view, and our sight
grow dim, and the world with all its dear
objects become enveloped in the mists of
death, and another and a higher sphere shall
begin to dawn upon our startled gaze, it will be
a sweet thought if we can call to mind that in
the hour of their bitterest sorrow, pain, and
woe we laid upon our fellow-beings a light and
merciful hand.
1 speak not for your sympathy ; I speak not
merely for mercy, but I speak in the spirit of
justice, mercy, and truth, and I ask you not
to strike down this man, against the law and
against the evidence, and' only because of the
clamor that assails him.
[Applause in the galleries.]
Increase of Salaries.
REMARKS OF HON. W. S. HOLMAN,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1873.
The House having under consideration the amend-
ments of the Senate to thebill (K.R. No. 2991) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1874, and for other purposes*
the first of which was read, increasing the pay of
tb e principal clerk of the Senate from $2,592 to $3,600.
The Committee on Appropriations recommended
concurrence in the Senate amendment with an
amendment, to add to the Senate amendment the
following;
And there is hereby appropriated a sum sufficient
to make the annual salaries of such of the clerks in
the office of the House of Representatives as receive
$2,500 and upward, (including the petition clerk and
printing clerkj and not increased in this act, 83,000
each; and of such as receive $2,160, the sum of $2,500
each • and of such as receive $1,800, the sum of $2,160
each; and of the clerks of the following committees,
namely,-Claims, Judiciary. Public Lands, Military
Affairs, and Elections, $2,500 each; the Doorkeeper
of the House, $3,000; and additional pay to the chief
engineer, $360, (so as to equalize his pay with that
of the chief engineer of the Senate,) and additional
pay to the foreman of laborers, $120 per annum.
Mr. Bdtles, of Massachusetts, moved to amend
tho amendment reported from the Committee on
Appropriations by substituting for it the following:
That on and after the 4th day of Mareh, A. D.
1873, the President of the United States shall receive
for his services during tho term for which he shall
