1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
bureau here before us as an established insti-
tution, aud I waut to say a word upon the
practical question, and that is, not whether it
shall be left as it is, but whether it shall be
increased. Now, the Committee on Appro-
priations has examined this subject, and it
believes that even in the line claimed by the
advocates of this bureau, that it is to be viewed
as a bureau of exchange, as it was happily
phrased by the gentleman from Connecticut,
IMr. Hawley,] it does not need more funds,
'he Committee on Appropriations does not
believe that the bureau has shown that in that
line it needs a larger organized force than at
present. We appropriate to it at present
$34,000. There are twelve men employed
and at work in the bureau, and I repeat that
even in the liue in which the advocates of this
bureau maintain that it runs and shall be run,
it does not need more money. Aud that is
why the Committee on Appropriations, not
going into the question of abolishing or re-
ducing the bureau, voted dowu, as I hope the
House will vote down, this proposition to
increase the appropriation.
If I have any time left I yield it to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Sargknt.]
Mr. SARGENT. The only object of a ref-
erence to the Smithsonian Institution must be
to show that that institution is of the same
character as the one which it is now proposed
to extend, and that because the Smithsonian
Institution does a valuable work, this also
must do a valuable work. Now, I call atten-
tion to the fact that the whole income of the
Smithsonian Institution is $29,000 per annum,
while the amount appropriated by this bill,
independent of the amendment, is $35,000.
Now, what is the Smithsonian Institution
doing with the limited sum at its disposal,
nearly $10,000 less than this bill appropriates
to the Bureau of Education? Yvhy, sir, it
sends out explorers to all parts of the western
country and collects scientific materials which
it embodies in a valuable report of tb* highest
scientific value. It is the medium of Scientific
exchange between the learned institutions of
our country and those of foreign countries.
Among other information, it has gathered for
the last twenty or twenty-fire years rain sta-
tistics, by means of its own agents, and lute
now published details on that subject of the
highest value. It is believed the deductions
drawn from them will enable scientific men
pursuing that branch of inquiry to predict a
rain-fall, not for a day or two, but even for a
season. They gather valuable specimens, use-
ful to scientific men, of reptiles, birds, animals,
and minerals, and keep our colleges and schools
supplied with them, and keep our national
museums without expense to us. We also
charge them with duties which they discharge
for ns, as for instance as to the best kind of
oil to be consumed in light-houses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERCE. Cannot the time for debate
upon this amendment be extended without the
committee rising ?
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot except by
nnanimous consent.
Mr. PERCE. Then I ask unanimous consent
that the time be extended for thirty minutes.
No objection was. made; and the time was
extended accordingly.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I claim the right to
occupy the remainder of my five minutes. I
say that the Smithsonian Institution perform
gratuitously all these labors of the highest
scientific value, and keep in the front rank in
scientific investigation, illustrating in their
reports the latest scientific ideas of Europe
and America. All this they do for the sum
of $29,000 annually.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. You appropri-
ated $45,000 for this institution in one year.
Mr. SARGENT. When there was a fire
which burnt a portion of the building of the
Institution we made an appropriation for the
necessary repairs.
We required thew to make an examination
on the subject of food fishes, requiring travel-
ing, and we wade $n appropriation for that
purpose. If we require them to do business
outside of their charter we ought to furnish
the fuuds to enable them to do it. But I say
that for the purposes of the Institution we do
not assist them, and that they do not expend
this $29,000 on useless offices. They do not
pay a superintendent of folding room when
there is not a man to superintend and the
man who does the folding is himself the super-
intendent.
Mr. DUNNELL. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. SARGENT. I aw not; I speak with
full knowledge of the facta.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
that I do not object to this increased appro-
priation because tlhis bureau is an educational
bureau. If I acted upon that idea alone I
should support the amendment moat earnestly
and heartily, for I am in favor of whatever,
within our legitimate powers, can be done to
advance the interests of education. I an in
iavor of education in all Us relations, asd so I
believe we all are. Education is matter of
supreme importance to every interest of man*
kind. But I oppose this amendment on other
grouoda, different in kind, bat extremely
important in my estimation, and not over-
ruled by the abstract importance of education,
because our people are not at all dependent
oo Congress for the means of popular or
scientific edupation. It is useless for us here,
in illustration of the importance of this bureau,
to refer to the institutions of like character
that exist in other countries, tinder othe> qylt-
teras of government, and other idittwbtttioua
of public power, feeoauM our Government is
different in theory asd organisation, and the
division of powers asd the limitations upon
power, and we should regulate our action
accordingly. It is equally useless far us here,
in determining on our duty in this matter, to
refer to what has heretofore been done by
Congress in this District, because all these
things are quite outside of this question- The
powers of Coagrees in this District are one
thing, and in the country at large they are
extremely different. Powers exercised here
give no warrant for Hke powers elsewhere.
And now I come to state my objection to
this amendment. It is not because the re-
ports of this Commissioner are without merit
or without usefulness, but I object to the
bureau because it exceeds in its creation and
in its functions, and in iU future aims and
purposes and growth, -the powers of the Fed-
eral Government. I say that the tendency is,
and it is rapid and logical, for thia bureau to
grow in powers, extend its scope and control,
and from year to year enlarge its functions, and
at length, aud that, too, in the early future,
to erect this bureau into a great department,
and to usurp and swallow up all power to
control, regulate, and give shape and spirit to
popular education throughout the country,
overriding the States and absorbing all their
functions. That is what I object to. It will
not do to say that this bureau is innocent now
of any purpose of this kind. It will not do to
say that, under its present powers, it cannot
usurp those functions all over the country and
swallow up the educational systems of the
several States. It is enough for me to know
that its tendency and purpose, in the contem-
plation of its chief friends and of the bureau
itself, is to go on and grow and gain power
and influence until-k can take control of all
the educational interests of the country. That
is what I object to. That I am correct in my
statement touching the secret aim and policy
of the bureau and its special friends, I feel bo
sort of doubt. They we sincere and honest
ia it, and think they e&n thus bast prouota the
welfare of, the country. Many of them do not
conceal their hopes and aims in these matters.
But with my settled views of the powers of the
Congress of the United States over this gen*
eral subject of popular education, I am utterly
unable to concur with them in their feelings,
policy, or constructions of power. If they suc-
ceed then there will have been accomplished
in this country the perfection of centralization;
then there will have been crystalized in this
capital the very spirit of centralism, when you
give to a General Government like ours, the
supreme control of all the educational inter-
j ests of a great country. When that has been
•i done you will have given the Federal Gov-
i ernment the power to accomplish its own pur-
poses and to shape its own destiny; to con-
solidate in its keeping all the powers of the
States, to alienate the affections and trust of
the people from their States ; to reduce them
; to the merest subject provinces, without manly
[ vigor or power, without self-government, with-
out the capacity for self-government, and then
the party in power here will be simply irre-
sistible and supreme, and can with the utmost
| facility perpetuate its own hold upon supreme
i authority.
; It is not to an appropriation of a few thou-
,j sand dollars that 1 object, but to the creation
i of these constantly increasing bureaus ; and
if this policy goes on, all of them will soon
grow up into departments of the Government.
They now go by the more innocent and harm-
less name of bureaus ; but that name is to be
retained by them only for a time. As they
gain power and influence in the country they
will come here and demand to be allowed to
take on more expansive dimensions and
powers. It has been claimed by my distin-
guished friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that
we have power to build up an institution like
this, not a university, not an observatory, not
any specific institution of education, but that
we have power to erect here an institution or
department which shall extend its control
over all the educational affairs of our great
country. I deny that proposition ; I defy any
gentleman to show authority or warrant in
the Constitution for any such assumption. It
is not in the bond. It was never dreamed
of by the framers of the Constitution. It
strikes at one of the powers and functions of
civil government in the States which is of the
most vital moment to the preservation of do-
mestic control, local government over purely
local affairs, and of freedom and free institu-
tions in our country. I say no gentleman can
point me to any such grant of powers in the
Constitution.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
mau yield to me to cite that authority ?
Mr. KERR. I will.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is in the mes-
sage of Mr. Madison in 1810.
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield to any gentle-
man while he may claim that he finds a grant
of constitutional power in a presidential mes-
sage. I go for constitutional power to the
letter of that sacred instrument.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I can give the
opinion of Mr. Madison, which I suppose the
gontleman respects.
Mr. KERR. Yes; I respect the opinions
of all the fathers. But I tell the gentleman
now that he cannot find in all the writings or
sayings or public papers of President Madi-
son a single ground for authority of the Fed-
eral Government to assume to control juris-
diction over the educational interests of our
entire country. I say that, and defy the pro-
duction of any such authority,
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Will
the gentleman allow me to make a statement?
Mr. KERR. My time is too short to allow
the gentleman to make a statement in it.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Gen-
eral Washington recommended the same thing,
Mr. STEVENSON. I suppose that no gen-
tleman oa either side of the House would now
propose to abolish this bureau. I presume
