1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
fore it cannot afford to make any expenditures
in a direction where it ought not to make them.
,ess ^an a®)r^ '° make expenditures in
the direction of private advantage to any per-
son, for that is what subjects Congress to the
most unwise and dangerous influences.
Now, I do not understand that the appro-
priation is sought for by any private individ-
ual. I understand it to be recommended by
the Library Committee, upon the suggestion of
our minister in Prance and of gentlemen, like
Mr. Parkman, naturally interested in preserv-
ing such historical papers and competent to
speak of them. And here let me thank the
committee who have had charge of this bill for
bringing in this appropriation in such a way
that we can see what is proposed, and discuss
it; for last year, when $10,000 was expended
for that sulphur-colored picture which hangs
in the old Hall of Representatives, we never
had any chance to discover the matter, for the
purchase was provided for in a Senate amend-
ment, or the report of a committee of confer-
ence ; and before any of us who would if we
could have prevented it, knew anything about
it, the money was voted; and as the picture
has been hung up, I presume it has been paid.
Now, the question upon a proposed expend-
iture of this kind is simply whether it is a wise
expenditure. Of course I know that just so
long as applications are pressed here by pri-
vate individuals, and Congress is beset by
private influences for expenditures of the pub-
lic money, we shall be apt to expend it in
wrong directions instead of right. If I could
have my way, the Constitution of the United
States should be so amended as to prohibit
Congress from voting a dollar of public money
for any private purpose under any circum-
stances whatever. I would have it part of the
fundamental law, if I could, that there should
be no appropriations, either for digging out
any river, or for improving any harbor, not
absolutely national in its character, nor for
any private or local purposes. But since such
is not the fundamental law, and since the ex-
penditure here proposed is exactly in the line
of our national jurisdiction and of the prece-
dents, the question arises whether in that view
the expenditure is wise.
On the whole I am inclined to think, from
what has been said by gentlemen on the other
side, that the expenditure is a proper one. I
find it recommended not only by Mr. Spofford,
the Librarian of Congress, but by Mr. Charles
Francis Adams, and by Mr. Francis Parkman,
of Boston, whose opinions upon a subjcct like
this are deserving of very high confidence.
And I would further say that my observation
and experience here has given me a high sense
of Mr. Spofford's judgment and integrity, and
desire to avoid unwise expenditure. Since,
therefore, I must be governed by somebody's
judgment, in deciding upon this appropria-
tion, I repeat that I am inclined to think that
this will be a judicious expenditure; that it
will open to us historical and other informa-
tion which, having regard not only to the his-
tory of the West but of the whole country, will
be better worth the money than most of the
things we do in that line. Therefore I shall
support the appropriation embraced in this
paragraph.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we will
now take a vote.
Mr. COX. I have only a few words to say,
and the amendment being withdrawn I renew
it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, so far as I am con-
cerned, I propose to amend this paragraph
after the words "French discoveries in the
Northwest and of the Mississippi," by insert-
ing "Scandinavian discoveries in Greenland,
Nova Scotia, and Massachusetts so we may
have what the gentleman from Massachusetts
thought was a desideratum, and that is some
knowledge of the earlier discoveries of bis
own native State. [Laughter.]
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me, I will suggest that the
works which he now proposes to publish con-
taining information in reference to the Scan-
dinavian discoveries of this country have
already been published by the Maine Historical
Society, and are now in the Library of Con-
gress.
Mr. COX. Some of these Icelandic docu-
ments and publications of Scandinavian dis-
coveries have, it is true, been published in
Maine, as in Norway and in France; but
there are many—there are hundreds and hun-
dreds of valaable documents just as authentic
as these French stories they would drag from
the libraries of Paris still remaining in the old
Lutheran churches of Iceland and Norway
which have been sifted again and again by
the best scholars of northern Europe. Even
Christopher Columbus himself before he came
to discover this New World went to Iceland to
look over these manuscripts; and I assure the
House, from the little examination I have
been able to give the subject, they have not
yet been fully published, and for the honor of
Massachusetts, for the honor of Rhode Island,
for the honor of Greenland and all that
country so bleak, so wild, and so unlettered,
I look to have this amendment adopted for
the purpose of having a larger publishing
house, if we are to have any at all, for the
elucidation of these earlier things in our
history.
Now I do not believe Mr. Washburne, if he
were here, would thank the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
for the defense he made of him as an extrav-
agant person. Mr. Washburne while here was
always a rigid economist. He never would
sanction any item like this in any of the appro-
priation bills reported here. But Mr. Wash-
burne has been translated to a higher, a larger,
and to a French sphere, and his honor and
his interests are all bound up perhaps with
some little scheme in Paris about these manu-
scripts. I am ready to do honor to our dis-
tinguished minister to France. I know how
he stood at his post when the ministers from
every other nation fled like sheep away from
the terrible shambles of the Commune. I am
willing to pay my little meed of tribute to him
as a staunch, good, true, honest man in most
perilous times. I am willing to do all the
gentleman would do; but I am not willing to
see him defamed in this House as an extrava-
gant person when it comes to voting on appro-
priations. [Laughter.] I know the gentle-
man from Massachusetts should not so defame
him, for nearly all his history was earned as
the " watch- dog of the Treasury.'' [Laughter. ]
1 would not have any faithful dog maligned in
this House in this way. [Renewed laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, if we could only get a
glimpse of these manuscripts, these unpub-
lished manuscripts lying for a year in these
alcoves in Paris, unpublished, undergoing, as
myfriendfromIndiana[Mr. Holman] has said,
the scrutiny of the shrewdest intellects of our
time, men who have for long years studied
our early history, men from Massachusetts,
like Mr. Bancroft and others, who have been
looking up from the earliest days the iioble
history of the men who settled that grand old
State, looking up the earlier days when the
Puritans landed from the Mayflower, when
they enslaved the Indians, when they sold
them for whisky and rum and transported
them to the Barbadoes, [laughter]—I say
if we got a glimpse of them we would discover
I think, they are not of much more importance
than our old colonial records. You will find
some of these in Prance, some in Spain, some
in England in the old churches and in the
British Museum at London. Why not com-
mence by looking over all these dusty, rusty,
musty records of the past instead of unneces-
sarily spending this money of the people, and
thus adding to the burdens of a now overtaxed
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana, rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that by
unanimous consent debate shall be closed
after my colleague on the Committee on Appro-
priations, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack,] shall have addressed the committee.
I here was no objection, and it was so ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I was not at
? *urprised at the opposition my colleague
[Mr. Holman] manifested to this proposi-
tion ; because it is the tendency of his mind
to oppose everything of this sort. If my col-
league has any strength in the world, it is in
opposition. That is his normal condition,
and in that respect he performs a great service
to the House and to the country, for which
I thank him. I am not, therefore, at ail sur-
prised that he should be found in opposition,
because that is in consistency with the record
of his whole political life, of which I have
been a close observer, and that trait of which
I have very much admired on many occasions.
From being so indiscriminate, however, it
does not accomplish so much as in my judg-
ment it otherwise would.
But I am surprised not a little at the op-
position of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.] He is a man of education, a
gentleman distinguished, among other things,
by great historical research and great literary
culture. He is a gentleman who has been
talked of in connection with a foreign mission
of an interesting sort, and, if he had had the
opportunity, would no doubt have distinguished
himself as much as the gentleman who is now
the minister to France from this country, to
whom he has so handsomely referred. He has
only wanted the opportunity in which he might
as much have distinguished himself.
Mr. COX. I only lacked confirmation by
the Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I did not like
to refer to that. I am surprised also at the earn-
estness with which the gentleman from New
York seems to oppose this, which to me is in
some views of it one of the most interesting
items in this particular bill which we are con-
sidering.
There came to us, sir, by the victoiy of George
Rogers Clarke, at St. Vincent, as it was then
called, now the city of Vincennes, my place
of residence, five great States of this Union.
It was his capture of that particular post
which gave Virginia the possession of the
great Northwest, which was recognized as
being her strongest title to that particular sec-
tion of the country, when the treaty of peace
was concluded by which the independence of
the colonies was recognized by Great Britain.
There are many matters going back of and
antecedent to all the history heretofore written
in this country in regard to the discovery of
this northwestern country by French and
Spanish explorers, and epecially of the great
rivers which are the arteries running through
that great section and forming the natural
avenues of its commerce.
We know nothing absolutely of these early
discoveries. The facts as to the coming of
the first immigrants to Vincennes are away
beyond the recollections of any now living,
founded on tradition even. All that we know
is that that country was settled by immigrants
from Canada, French people, the same as was
the case with Kaskaskia, St. Louis, Detroit,
and other points in the Northwest. But by
whom these great rivers, and by whom this
portion of the country was discovered, remains
for us a matter of unpublished history.
The documents we propose to get by this
item is the report of the early explorers, when
the country belonged to the French Govern-
ment, or at least before Great Britain acquired
title to it. Now, we have a Congressional
Library, which is an honor to the country, and
for which we make an annual appropriation ;
and I ask, how can we appropriate §10(000
better, in a way that will excite more interest
in the minds of a large portion of the people
