1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
Tb* office of this bureau is to-day to do for
education just what at a cost of $300,000 the
Agricultural Bureau does for agriculture—to
establish a national office which snail exchange
between distant parts of this country and this
country and foreign lands educational results,
processes, ideas, and discoveries. You may
as well object to the Department of Agricul-
ture that it undertakes to carry on our farms,
as to the Bureau of Education that it claims
the power nf interfering with our schools.
Now, sir. is this slight increase of*appropri-
ation necessaryI call the attention of my
friends on this side of the Hoase to three
emphatic and decided testimonials; first, that
ot the President of the United States, who iu
his message addressed to us six weeks ago
declared that—
"The rapidly increasing interest in education is a
moat encouraging testure iu the current history of the
country, ami it is no doubt true that this u due iu a
great measure to the efforts of the Bureau of Educa-
tion. l'bal office is continually receiving evidences,
which abundantly prove its efficiency, from the
iitiuuj institutions of learning, and educators of
all kinds throughout the country."
Mr. FAKNSW ORTH. Let me ask the gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. HOAR. I decline to yield to the
gentleman.
Then comes the report of the Secretary of
the luterior at&rming it as his judgment that
an increase of appropriation will be necessary
to enable that work to be properly continued.
Then comes the Committee on Education, the
committee in this Bouse to which the special
subject has been committed to report on the
matter, and that committee has reported that
in their judgment this small increase of $7,000
is absolutely necessary for that purpose. The
Committee on Appropriations are divided.
But the speeches of those members of that
committee who have opposed this increase
show a total want of any attempt to inform
themselves on the question. Now, will the
House take the assertion of gentlemen, whose
speeches show they have not investigated this
matter, in opposition to the authority of the
President of the United States, the Secretary
of the Interior, and its own committee which
haa been charged with the examination of this
subject ?
A oiong the population of the southern States,
upon whom by national authority you have
imposed the obligation of universal suffrage,
there are at this day, by the last census, four
million one hundred and eighty thousand per-
sons of the age of ten years and upward,
unable to read and write ; and to that number
must be added at least thirty per cent, to get
the number of those to whom the power of
reading and writing is of no practical value
either in receiving or communicating inform-
ation. Now, will you deny to this office this
just and necessary appropriation to enable
them to aid in establishing institutions of edu-
cation in these States?
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Before the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] resumes
his seat, I desire to ask him whether he did not
himself introduce into the House of Represent-
atives a bill to establish a national system of
education ?
Mr. HOAR. I introduced a bill to establish
a system of education in those States which
refused to provide education for their own
people. i
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield two ■
minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Hawley.]
Mr. HA WLEY, of Connecticut. I certainly
thought that I could not be misunderstood
in the brief remarks I made before on this '
question, but I will endeavor now to make
myself clearly understood on one point at
least. I am a warm friend of the Bureau of
Education, or of educational exchange, as 1
might call it; and I desire it may continae in
its present course of usefulness and prosper-
ity. I did not say, if I recollect aright, that I
would not vote for this additional appropri-
ation. But I doubted the wisdom ot it, and
simply desired to give warning then and there
agaiust the tendency, which I thought had
unquestionably arisen, to enlarge the powers
of the Federal Government in this and other
matters. While I claim to be a stanch, old-
fashioned Black Republican, I insist that it is
now time for the Republican party to take heed
to its steps in this matter.
But so much has been said on the side of
the Opposition on the tendency to centraliza-
tion, so much that is uujust and superfluous,
that it has been deemed unnecessary to say
anything on this side. The Opposition seem
to take it for granted that we have no differ-
ence of opinion on that subject, but are in
favor of unlimited centralization, which we
know to be untrue.
If any man from my section should endeavor
to discourage popular education, I undertake
to say that he would be left without a con-
stituency. I speak for a State which began
two hundred and thirty years ago by assum-
ing all powers as a State in this matter, and
enacting an imperative law which told the
selectmen in the various towns to "see to it
and suffer no such barbarism as that any child
should grow up in the State without knowing
how to read and write and recite some cate-
chism." That is the theory which is carried
out by my State, and I should like to see sim-
ilar legislation by all competent authority.
n^e
[Here the hammer fell
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Private Secretary,
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 3259) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the English-built wrecked
schooner N. J. Miller;
An act (H. R. No. 3248) to amend the one
hundred and thirty-third section of an act
approved June 8, 1872, entitled "An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department;"
An act (H. R. No. 2990) making appro-
priations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1874;
An act (H. R. No. 2506) repealing an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Joanna
L. Shaw;"
An act (H. R. No. 2997) for the relief of
James C. Cooke;
An act (H. R. No. 220G) for the payment
of R. M. Green for the use of his patent by
the Government;
An act (H. R. No. 3133) to enable Joseph
Fox to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of letters-patent
for a machine for making crackers;
An act (H. R. No. 3005) for an extension
of time to the Winona and St. Peter Railroad
Company for the completion of its road;
An act (fl. R. No. 2775) for the relief of
Samuel B. Elliott, late acting purser of the
U nited States vessel of war The Flirt;
An act (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental to
and amendatory of an act entitled "An act
to prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence
in cases of contested elections," approved
February 19, 1851; and
An act (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of
Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall &
Clark, and J. N. Henderson & Co. of Louis-
iana, Missouri.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like to !
have the attention for a moment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] He raises
the grave point, and it would be a most grave
point if true, that this bureau is an innovation
on the constitutional powers of the States.
Prove that to me, and I will vote without a
moment's delay to abolish it. But I want the
gentleman to try the same doctrine when we
come three pages further on, to appropriate
$1(51,000 for the bureau or Department of
Agriculture ; and a little further on, when we
shall appropriate $100,000 more to ship one
hundred and fifty tons of agricultural reports
which the gentleman will help to Bend through
his district. I want the gentleman to discuss
his doctrine about centralization then as well
as now. For every enactment in reference to
the Bureau of Education, to which he attaches
the idea of centralization, is borrowed in terms
from the law which created the Agricultural
Bureau. One is to diffuse knowledge to the
teachers of the country, the other is to diffuse
seeds to the farmers of the country. The only
difference is this: the farmers vote and the
school-teachers do not; and gentlemen on this
floor pay attention particularly to people who
can vote. That is the difference.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say in re-
gard to this matter that I am behind no man
on this floor in resisting any attempt to seize
the educational systems of our States. 1 intro-
duced the bill into this House that created the
Bureau of Education, and in the speech intro-
ducing it I declared that it would in no way in-
terfere with education in the States. The com-
mittee that framed the bill disclaimed any such
idea. The language of the law itself precluded
the possibility of such an idea. The superin-
tendents of the schools of Connecticut and of
Indiana and of all the other States are the
warmest friends of this bureau that the country
knows, and there is not one of them who
would not fight it to the death if it should un-
dertake to interfere with their State educational
system.
Now, sir, one word only and I have done.
This is a simple demand made because of an
increased use of the department. What is
that increased use? We have just passed a
bill appropriating $100,000 for the Vienna
exposition, and one of the chief points of that
exposition is that we shall collect and send
over there a complete exhibition of our mode
of education ; that we shall send over our
model school-house and erect it on the im-
perial grounds of Vienna ; that we shall send
over our slates and maps and school-books
and black-boards, to show what is being done
in this country. All that vast amount of work
is to be done by the Bureau of Education, and
they ask for four new clerks to doit. Now, will
the House grant the increase of force or not ?
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Donneli,, to strike out the following para-
graph :
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner of Education, $3,000; chief
clerk, $2,000; one clerk of class four; one statis-
tician, with the compensation of a clerk of class
four; one clerk of class three; one translator, with
the compensation of a clerk of class three; one clerk
of class two; four copyists, at $900 each; one mes-
senger. at (840; stationery, $1,000; library, $1,000;
current educational periodicals, $250; other currcnt
publications, $225; completing valuable sets of
periodicals and publications in the library, $200 ;
collecting statistics and writing and compiling mat-
ter for annual and special reports and editing and
publishing circulars of information, $13,000; fuel and
lights, $275; contingencies, $1,260; in all $34,800.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; one
clerk of class four; one statistician, with the com-
pensation of class four; one librarian, $1,800; one
translator, with the compensation of class three; one
clerk of class three, one olerk of class two, one clerk
of class one, six copyists, at $900 each; superintend-
ent of folding-room, $1,2)0; one messenger, at $8"i0;
one watchman, at $750; and one laborer, at $720;
stationery, $1,000.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
69, noes 67.
Mr. PERCE called for tellers.
