1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Shettabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
at the time of their enlistment, they have no
claims^upon us for that bounty which we have
long since paid their colored comrades who
were subsequently enlisted.
It i3 true they did not wait to be liberated
from bondage, or for a promise of bounties
from towns, States, or the General Government.
They entered the service of the country to
fight for the flag and for the Government; not
for bounty, but for the love' of freedom
which was burning in their breasts, although
pent up there for generations before. And
certainly it will not be contended by gentle-
men on this floor that the man who was
induced by promises of bounty to enlist in the
svrvice of our country is entitled to more
favorable consideration at our hands than the
man who entered the service without any
such promises.
These men for whom we ask relief served
from an early day in the war until its close,
and many, yes, very many of them, until the
close of their lives; and yet, when they ask
for the bounty that has been paid their colored
comrades who enlisted "long after they did,
they are told by the officers of the Depart-
ments that the word "slave" is marked on
the roll opposite their names, and that under
the laws governing the Department they can-
not be paid any bounty. Of course they can-
not understand why a just Government should
pay the soldier whom they by their valor assisted
in freeing the sum of $300 bounty, while the
denial of bounty is only made to those who first
responded to the call of the Government. Let
me ask of this House, is there any justice in
this? Certainly not; but great injustice is
done these men by withholding from them the
bounty which has long since been paid their
more fortunate comrades who enlisted long
after and served a much shorter time.
There are but comparatively few who will be
benefited by this bill, for the great body of the
colored soldiers have already been paid their
full bounty, so that gentlemen need give them-
selves no great uneasiness about the amount
of money that will be required to pay them ;
but be they few or many, and be the amount
much or little, it is a matter of simple justice
still. It is a question whether we will pay all
our soldiers alike, or will we this late day,
after the last three amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States and our civil rights
acts, still allow our laws to make a discrim-
ination, even among oursoldiers, on account
of race, color, and previous condition of ser-
vitude?
We have already too long permitted this dis-
crimination by allowing our soldiers to be re-
fused bounty because their skins are black,
and because the clerk of the mustering officers
happened to write the word " slave" opposite
their names at the time of their muster-in. If
we intend to act fair and deal justly toward
these men, our duty is quite plain ; and it is to
pass this bill. If we do not do so we will hear
of it hereafter, for these colored soldiers know
what their rights are and will hold us responsi-
ble if we fail or refuse to award them their
equal rights before the law as soldiers as well
as citizens.
It will not do for gentlemen to say that there
was no bounty promised these men when they
enlisted, and that therefore we are under no
obligation to grant them any ; for the soldiers
who received bounty under the act of July 28,
1866, were not promised that bounty when
they enlisted, and yet no one ever thought of
arguing that as a reason (if it can be called a
reason) against the passage of that measure
of justice. Nor will it do to say that they got
their freedom by the issues of the war, for
nearly all the colored people were likewise
liberated at the same time and by the same
means.
When I look at the platforms of principles
adopted Dy the great political parties of this
country during the campaign last year, I am
at a loss to understand how any strict member
of either party can oppose this bill; for if they
oppose it, they do so in the face of their plat-
form. Let us see how they read. At Phila-
delphia, on the 6th day of June, 1872, the
Republican party in national convention as-
sembled, resolved by the latter clause of the
third article of their platform that '' neither
the law nor its administration should admit
any discrimination in respect of citizens by
reason of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude."
The Liberal Republicans, in national con-
vention assembled at Cincinnati in May last,
adopted a platform, the first article of which
is as follows:
"We recognize the equality of all men before the
law, and" hold that it is the duty of the Government,
in its dealings with the people, to moto out equal
and exact justice to all. of whatever nativity, race,
color, or persuasion-, religious or political."
And by the ninth resolution they say :
"We remember with gratitude the heroism and
sacrifices of the soldiers and sailors of the Republic,
and no act of ours shall ever detract from their
justly earned fame or the fall reward of their
patriotism."
This platform was heartily indorsed by the
Democratic party in national convention as-
sembled at Baltimore in July last. Therefore
I claim that by these platforms we are all alike
committed to a principle which, if faithfully
adhered to, must lead us all alike to the sup-
portofthis bill. Indeed, sir, the paramount law
of the land, the Constitution of the United
States, which we are all bound by oath to sap-
port, makes it our imperative duty to recognize
the equal rights of ali our citizens, as well
while in the military service as while in civil
life. We should not allow ourselves to forget
that because these poor discharged soldiers are
l'ar away in the South and West, toiling at the
plow, the hoe, and the ax, that they have
alcims upon us as their Representatives that they
look to us and us alone for justice ; for they are
too poor to pay attorneys and lobbyists to plead
for them. We are all agreed that all distinctions
iu our laws on account of race, color, or previ-
ous condition of servitude should be abolished ;
and it appears to me we should not hesitate to
give these rights practical operation, especially
among the soldiers who bore to victory our brave
old banner on many a bloody battle-field.
Credit MoblHer.
SPEECH OF HON. S. SHELLABARGER,
of ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
February 26, 1873.
Iho House having under consideration the report
of the select committee appointed to investigate the
alleged Credit Mobilier bribery-
Mr. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor,
Mr. POLAND. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will give notice that
upon the close of the debate to-night I pro-
pose to move the previous question, and then
move an adjournment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understood the debate
was to be closcd to-night by an order of the
House made to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; no such order was made.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
had not any purpose to take part in this great
debate until last night, when I consented to do
so on the kind request of some of my fellow-
members. I yielded to that request last night;
and I state that as an apology due to the House
for my seeming presumption in rising to ad-
dress the House after the exhaustive debate
that has occurred. What adds to my embar-
rassment is the fact that since I made that
promise my distinguished friend from Massa-
chusetts, who spoke before the recess, [Mr.
Banks,] has gone over with singular ability,
fairness, and completeness, all the points, and
many more, which I intended and was re-
quested to discuss.
I can entirely sympathize with what I be-
lieve has been said by nearly every gentleman
who has addressed the House, that they took
part in this discussion under a painful sense
of responsibility.
The points upon which I desire to speak re-
late to the question of the power of this House,
which is invoked by the recommendation of
the committee inviting us to pass the two grave
resolutions which it has submitted for our con-
sideration, proposing to expel members of the
House for offenses which in part antedate
their elections to this House.
It is alleged by gentlemen who oppose these
resolutions, and by no one perhaps with more
ability, and certainly by no one with more
adroitness, than by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Botlb'b] who last spoke, that
it is not within the power of the House to ex-
pel a member, provided the ground of expul-
sion shall have occurred before his election.
Now, my fellow-members, let me state, with
absolute frankness, that I was amazed at that
proposition when I first heard it gravely pre-
sented from the Committee on the Judiciary the
other day. It had not occurred to me that the
question was a doubtful one in the broad and
unqualified sense maintained by that report;
and although that amazement only indicated,
perhaps, my want of familiarity with this grave
and not familiar question of constitutional and
parliamentary law, yet it was my profound
conviction that the question was not one that
had ever been seriously debated or seriously
doubted in all the history of that law. And
since the Judiciary Committee made that re-
port I have looked as carefully as I could to
see whether all my notions of the high prerog-
atives held by the tribunals whence emanate the
laws of the nation for the defense of their own
purity, dignity, and very existence, were indeed
a delusion, and that the prerogative of self-
defense as to them did indeed not exist.
I have listened to every gentleman who has
spoken, I think I have not missed a word, and
I now repeat again in the hearing of the
House, that with possibly a single exception,
and I deny that to be an exception, of the
case of Marshall to which the gentleman [Mr.
Butler] has just referred, there is not a doubt
thrown upon the subject in the whole line of
either English or American parliamentary
history. Marshall's case is not an exception
because the question of "jurisdiction" of the
body of which he was a member to punish
Marshall in that case, and about which the gen-
tleman read, did not grow out of the fact that
his offense did or did not antedate his election,
but the debated and doubted point in that case
was solely as to whether an expulsion could
be inflicted for a crime when no conviction of
the crime had yet occurred in the courts—a
doubt completely removed afterward in the
case of John Smith, as we shall see.
What is the proposition now? Let me state
it again. It is this : that there is an iron rule
of the Constitution, changeless, inflexible,
relentless, and eternal, by which it is ordained
that in no case shall either House of the Con-
gress of the United States ever make inquest
into any act in the life of any member that
may go into either body touching a fact in
that life, that antedates, by a minute of time,
the date when he received the suffrage of the
constituent body. Mark it, my fellow-mem-
bers and Mr. Speaker, that is the question,
nothing less, nothing more. When gentlemen
grant that there is one case, conceivable or in-
conceivable, where an act that antedates the
