160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February, 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Shellaharger.
42d Cong.... 3d Sess.
election by an instant of time may be inquired
into for the purpose of finding out whether a
man may sit here, when that case is found,
down goes the gentleman's law, and all the
structures that he has reared upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Where
is that ease?
' Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
will hear as I go on. Is there any case, any
act, any iniquity, any crime, any pollution,
any contamination, secret or known—polit-
ical, civil, or social, human or -devil—which
precedes, by a moment, the time when the man
or monster stole from the suffrage of the con-
stituent body his commission to be here, and
in which case your powers of self-preservation
enables the House and the nation to declare
that the leper shall uot stay? If there is such
a case conceivable or inconceivable, that puts
down the gentleman and his good wit and his
bad law. Because, sirs, when you concede
that there is one such case in all the world's
hideous inventories of crime, when it may
have secured entrance hereby concealment of
its pollutions, and which justifies your looking
back of the election, you have given up your
rule, and have conceded the question of "ju-
risdiction," have conceded the power of the
House; and then the question we debate to-day
becomes not one of constitutional power, right,
jurisdiction, but merely a question of justice,
of fair play, of right, of "regulated discretion."
Now, sir, am I not right thus far? It be-
comes, in such case, not a rale of the " strict
law." The lawyers who hear me recognize that
these words "strict law"—"stricti juris"—
have their fixed legal signification. There is
in the realms of law a vast well-known field
where there are no discretions intrusted to
them who administer the law, and where its
defined and sharp boundaries darenotbe
passed by them to whom the administration
of the law is intrusted. Outside of this do-
main and beyond its sharply defined bounda-
ries is the other vast and beneficent sphere of
the law in which the chancellor, the conscience
of the court, the high sense of justice—of the
public duty come in and take their sublime
sway. The question is whether the power we
discuss here to-night iies within the former
sphere, in which we have no discretion, no
right to resort to considerations of what is
demanded by the sense of public duty, pub-
lic safety, public conscience, public purity, aud
the high and holy rights of self-defense; or
does this power lie beyond and without that
sphere and within the one where we may
consider the public good?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I pray my fellow-mem-
bers, poor as what 1 shall say may be, to go
with me a moment or two while I consider what
the powers are, to what family they belong,
which we exercise here to-day. Let us go
with supreme care, and sense of highest re-
sponsibility, to the people, their Constitution,
the rights of the citizen, and to God ; for we
do indeed here deal with things stupendous;
we pigmies here are indeed "perched on
alps." Sir, it has come ,to pass, as it comes to
pass every year of our great life as a nation,
that an assault is made in the report from the
Judiciary Committee, denying our right to
look back of an election, upon one of the
highest prerogatives of the Constitution in the
name of liberty and of popular rights. We
have got used to this cry everlastingly vexing
our ears, as it has during the last hour in this
debate, that the " liberties of all the people'' are
put in peril unless some pet or preposterous
heresy of our own shall be instantly ingrafted
upon the Constitution. These harangues, made
with glances at the galleries and splitting the
"ears of the groundlings," are not the best
fountains whence American legislators may
draw inspirations to duties the most solemn
which ever come to the nation's rulers. I
shall at least strive to address what I say to
the legislators, the triers of State offenders,
the men upon the benches down stairs—to
men having eonscienccs, lights, oaths, and
sense of high duty for their guides in determ-
ining what the Constitution requires in this
immense affair.
First of all,then, let us test the consequences
of this House enacting that it shall never
look to any quality of any character sent
here as a Representative which attached before
his election.
Is this, then, true, that our Constitution has
ordained that neither the Senate nor the House
may ever look back of an electin to find
whether a man is fit to come here ? My
friend from Massachusetts who spoke before
the recess [Mr. Banks] put a case that I had
in my mind to put myself,that of Dr.Parltman
and Professor Webster. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to-night answered
by saying that should a murderer be sent here
from Massachusetts he would be taken back
to Massachusetts by process and hung.
Now, Mr. Speaker, that sounded well up
stairs and was received there with signs of
satisfaction; but, air, is that the logic aud law
and persuasions to fearfully solemn duty that
are to move the occupants of these benches?
Has it come to that, at last, thatthese Houses,
where the majesty and sovereignty and purity
and virtue of this people are assumed by the
Constitution to be represented and to reside,
are indeed dependent, for their protection
against the pollutions and power of murderers
here, upon rescues to be sent us by the con-
stables and grand juries aud criminal lawyers
of Massachusetts? Suppose they should not
have the charity to send—then what? Then
the American Congress and people must abide
the contamination, says the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and suffer their
laws to be passed out to ttiein from the hands
which cut in fragments the body of its victim ;
and this because the murder was done before
the sunset of hia election day. Is that our
Constitution?-
But even this marvelous method discovered
for the first time to-day by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butlek] of delivering
the Houses from the presence of thieves and
pickpockets by means of the charities of State
constables coming to our rescue fails, because
the State constables are expressly forbidden to
come for their taking away except in the three
cases of " treason, felony, and breach of the
peace." The whole universe of crime except
these three is licensed to here remain forever
under the gentleman's plan for our deliverance.
But let us see how the gentleman'a_ plan will
work even in the cases where the Constitution
permits members' arrest.
I will put to my friend a case. A few
months ago the Governor of one of our States
told me this story : he said that a man came
to his vicinity; ho came commissioned by a
political organization to do a work, for the
doing of which lie would attain political ad-
vancement in the community where he was.
The work to which he was assigned he exe-
cuted with fidelity to his commission. I know
not whether the story be true or false. It
came from eminent authority, and whether
exaggerated or short of the truth is immate-
rial for the purposes of this illustration, be-
cause 1 know that whether its details be exact
or not, they are just like what has happened,
alas! too often for the honor of the American
name. His work was this: he first killed the
mother of a family, then her child, a babe,
then another, then a third. Then he placed
them together in the center of their home, and
then set the home on fire aud consumed their
bodies. He went from the door, met the father
coming toward his home, killed him, and then
went to his place and was a hero.
Now, sir, that man would not be taken by his
people, whose commission he executed, from
this Congress and hanged. And yet that man
is capable of being elected to Congress. His
presence here is not forbidden by any provision
of the Federal Constitution except the one we
debate which ordains .that two thirds may expel
a member. And the protection of the Ameri-
can Congress from such a contamination as
that (perhaps my friend would not deem even
that a contamination) is to be dependent upon
the question whether he shall be arrested and
carried back by interposition of the constabu-
lary force of some outlying State!
Take another case. Take the case of some
Guy Fawkes of your own country, a man who
arranged to blow up the, Capitol and you
with it; I do not speak of this Congress par-
ticularly, for that might be a public benefac-
tion. That man's crime was secret as all great
crimes are ; and the more stupendous the
crime the leas likely is it to be known to the
constituency. That man, we will suppose,
receives his election the day after he has
arranged with his coconspirators to get access
to your Capitol for the very purpose of the ex-
ecution of his stupendous assassination. His
constituency are as innocent as they may be
conceived to be. They are defrauded of their
suffrages. They send him here; and after he
comes here his felonious purpose is detected.
Yet, under the law as laid down by my friend
from Massachusetts, there is an iron rule which
forbids you to touch him even with your little
finger because his crime was arranged the day
before his election.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will it
interrupt my friend if I ask him a question ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Not at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman think that expelling such a man as
he has described and thereby abridging his
term for two or three days would be a sufficient
punishment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am very glad
indeed that my friend from Massachusetts has
made this suggestion ; for otherwise I might
have forgotten a point to which I intended to
allude, for I had noted it as the gentleman
went along.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am glad
to have aided the gentleman's argument.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
says it will not hurt us to let this man stay
here three or four days longer. Oh, no, Mr.
Speaker, it will not; but I will tell you what
it will hurt: it will hurt the American name,
the American honor, the American Constitu-
tion, the American character, and what gen-
tlemen talk so much about, American liberty.
It will hurt these, provided the expulsion is a
thing proper to be done. Mark that; and in
your future debates do not forget it. Inquire
whether your conscience, your oath, and the
law demand this act at your hands, and do not
talk to me about four days only being left in
which to do a high public duty.
Mr. Speaker, why did you move this resolu-
tion? You knew it could not be executed until
late in the session, did you not? provided that
the work were done as well as this committee
has done it. You, sir, are censured by the
position of the gentleman who says that be-
cause only four days remain for us to do a duty,
therefore that duty should go undone.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
remember that I said any such thing. I only
said that as we had sat here all this time with
this honest and truthful man we could sit here
with him four flays longer.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Well, Mr. Speak-
er, I am not going to be so far recreant to my
own sense of duty as to enter upon the discus-
sion of the personal character of either of the
disiinguished gentlemeu who, alas, are on trial
here. That should only be done by those who
