496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
January 10,
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sa#u*emT
and Mr. Dpnenll, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 74, noes 78.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
|8,000; three Assistant Postmasters General, at
$3,,W0 each; superintendent of money-order system,
superintendent of foreign mails, *3,000;
topographer of the Post Office Department, $2,500;
chief of division for the office of mail depredations,
52,000; ohief of division of dead letters. $2,500; super-
intendent of Post Office building and disbursing offi-
cer. $2,300: chief clerk to the Postmaster General,
♦2.1300; one chief clerk to each Assistant Postmaster
General, at 82,000 each; one chief plerk in money-
order office, $2,000 ; one chief clerk in office of super-
intendent of foreign mails, $2,000; superintendent of
blank agency, $1,800; assistant superintendent of
blank agency, 31,000 ; four assistants.at $1,2)0 each;
fourteen clerks of class four, $45,200; sixty-one
clerks of class three, $97,600; fifty clerks of class two,
$70,000; seventy-one clerks of class qne, $85,200;
fifty-seven female clerks, at 8900 each; one mes-
senger of the Postmaster General, $900; one mes-
senger to each Assistant Postmaster General, at $840
each; fonr assistant messengers, at $720each; ten
watchmen and twenty-five laborers, at $730 each ;
one engineer, $1,600; one assistant engineer, $1,000;
one carpenter, $1,252; one assistant oarpenter, $1000;
one fireman and blacksmith, $900; two firemen, at
$720 each, $1,440; three female laborers, at $480
each. $1,440; one stenographer, $1,800; making in
all $425,932. And the annual compensation of assist-
ant messenger*, watchmen, and laborers in the Post
Office Department shall be $720, and no more; and
so much of section four of the act approved June 8,
1872, entitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment." as provides a greater annual compensa-
tion for said assistant messengers, watchmen, and
laborers, is hereby repealed.
Mr. L. M ITERS. I make the point of order
that the closing paragraph of this clause
changes the existing law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the House made
that in order by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I asked the
permission of the House that this section might
be made in order, and (hat permission was
granted.
Mr. L. MYERS. I never heard that per-
mission givenj and I notify the House that this
is a decrease in the salaries of poor men. I
move to strike out the last paragraph of the
clause, which is as follows :
And the annual compensation of assistant mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers in the Post Office
Department shall be $720, and no more; and so
mnoh of section four of the aot approved Ju&e 8,
1875, entitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
smell the statutes relating to the Post Office De-
partment," as provides a greater animal compensa-
tion for spid assistant messengers, watchmen, and
laborers, is hereby repealed.
All I desire to say is this : the role has been
enlarged so that salaries may be increased in
appropriation bills, because it is frequently
difficult to obtain the requisite talent and abil-
ity for a place without increasing its salary.
No such rule or reason applies for the diminu-
tion of salaries. However, my point of order
has been made, and I have failed in it.
I hope the House will not strike down the
salaries of these workingmen without some
good reason for it. They are the assistant
messengers, watchmen, and laborers in the
Post Office Department, and they are to
receive by this bill $720 a year, no more:
while men of the same class in other Depart-
ments receive a higher compensation.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman say
that?
Mr. L. MYERS. I am so informed.
^ Mr. SARGENT. That is a mistake, and
this provision is merely to remedy an inad-
vertance in a former bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. I was so informed. At all
events, I am glad that I have called attention
to this subject, in order that I might receive
information about it. I did not feel at liberty
to let it pass without some remarks upon it,
because I thought the question of order should
be made. I learn that that point has already
been provided for.
Mr. MAYNARD. The compensation here is
sixty dollars a month; the duty to be performed
by this class of persons I understand to be that
of aa ordinary laborer- Will the gentleman
state what is we pay ip his district of an or-
dinary first.-daps laborer?
Mr. L. MYERS. The ordinary pay of men
of this class is larger here, as I understand it.
As we are legislating for the Departments here
I do not propose to enter into any questiou
about the pay received by l&borerB here and
elsewhere. There ip this to be said, that while
the pay may be greater in qther places their
rent is lower and their living does not cost so
much. If it is true that in no other Depart-
ment do employes of thip claps get more pay,
then I will be willing to withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. That is the case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
take this occasion to call the attention of the
House to the matter of series as referred to
in this bill. In the first place, gentlemen will
bear me witness that I asked permission and
attained the consent of the House to make
this clause in order in this bill. In enacting
the postal code, the assistant messengers,
watchmen, and laborers, had their salaries
placed at a figure a little higher than the
salaries of corresponding employes in other
Departments of the Government. In every
other branch of the Government here in Wash-
ington, laborers, watchmep, assistant mes-
sengers, and other employes of that grade
have uniform salaries. Now, if you put the
employes of the Post Office Department upon
a higher rate of pay, giving them from forty
to fifty dollars a year a piece more than the
others receive, you would be doing an injustice
to others of the same class in the other Depart-
ments. Therefore we have asked authority to
repeal that clause, and to put these employes
on a level with those of the same gr$kde in other
Departments.
In connection with this I want to say an-
other thing: the Cqmmittee pn Appropria-
tions have recommended the raising of no
salary in all this bill. The gentleman from
Indi&qa [Mr. Holman] has two or three
tiiqes referred to the conduct of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations though they were
loose in their treatment (jf the question of
salaries. There have beep s^out thirty sal-
aries increased, all of them employes of this
House, including the pages. That has been
done not by the consent nor by the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. At the proper time I shall ask the
attention of this House to that matter. If
these salaries are to remain raised, then there
are a large number of persons in the employ-
ment of this House whose salaries should also
be raised. We have done injustice to some by
raising the salaries of others, and after a time
I shall have a recommendation to make from
the committee to which I shall call the atten-
tion of the House. I make this suggestion
now in order to call attention to the matter.
Mr. L. MYERS. I withdraw my amend-
ments I could get this information only by
moving the amendment I did.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of Agriculture:
For compensation of Commissioner of Agriculture,
$3,000; chief clerk, $2,000; entomologist, $2,000;
chemist, $2,000; assistant chemist, $1,600; superin-
tendent of experimental gardens and grounds, $2,000;
statistician, $2,000; disbursing clerk, $1,800; superin-
tendentof seed room, 81,800; librarian, $1,800: botan-
ist, $1,800; &c.
Mr. KERR, The pending paragraph fixes
the compensation ofthe Commissioner of Agri-
culture at $3,000. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
whether this is the only compensation that the
Commissioner now enjoys.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. So, far as I know
it is. He has some perquisites to this extent:
that he resides in rooms in the Department
building, and has also, I suppose, the use of
furniture, together with light aq$ fuel; and I
understand his family is housed in the Depart-
ment building, though I have never made any
inquiry upon the point. I do not know that he
receives any money whatever besides his salary.
Mr. KERR. That is what I referred to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to amend
by inserting after the words "botanist, $1,800"
the words "for salary of Thomas Taylor,
microscopist, under the direction of Wil-
liam Saunders, superintendent of gardens and
grounds, $1,800."
Mr. SARGENT. I raise a point of order
on that amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It may be proper
for v*p to state 
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman wishes
to explain the amendment, I will reserve my
point of order until he gets through.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The Compiissioner
fully indorses the item of appropriation asked
for in this amendment. This gentleman has
been in the employment of the Agricultural
Department for about a year and a half as
microscopist. He has been investigating into
the causes and remedies of blight and mildew
in grain, and has also investigated into the
various diseases incident to pears and other
fruit. His labors have been found so valu-
able that they are really indispensable to the
Department.
I may further say that the only reason, as I
apprehend, why the Commissioner did not
include this item in his estimates was a mere
oversight on his part. I do not think it neces-
sary to make any further statement upon this
matter. The appropriation is really needed.
The Department cannot get along without a
microscopist and do justice to the agricultur-
ists and horticulturists of the country.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
npon this amendment that there is no law
authorizing such an appropriation; that it is
the creation of a new office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
this to be a method of raising the salary of an
existing officer.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not understand any-
thing of the kind. The amendment proposes
to create a new office called microscopist.
Mr. HOLMAN. And I believe it designates
the particular person.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. This man is now
employed in that capacity, and is paid out of
the contingent fund of the Department.
Mr. SARGENT. If the object of the amend-
ment is simply to increase the contingent ex-
penses of the Department the motion should
be made in another form. This amendment
proposes to create the office of microscopist.
There is nothing of the kind now provided for
by law; and I raise the point of order that the
amendment is not in accordance with existing
law. On the same principle an amendment
might be proposed to authorize a second Com-
missioner of Agriculture or two chief clerks.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say in
reply to the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] that this gentleman has been in the
employment of the Department for about a
year and a half, and has been paid out of the
contingent fund belonging to the Department.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not want to discuss
the policy of the proposition. I merely raise
the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is clearly of
opinion that the amendment comes under that
clause of the rule authorizing appropriations
necessary for carrying on the different Depart-
ments of the Government. As to the exigency
in any particular case the House must judge.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can we create a new officer
by an appropriation ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman does not
understand that there is any limitation as to
that point in the rule.
Mr. SARGENT. This microscopist is an
office unknown to the law; there is now no
such officer.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment does not'
propose a mere increase of salary, but the
creation of a new office.
