1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
$50,000 to the St. Paul and Sioux City Railroad Com-
pamy the sum of $1,370 for surveys made by said
company of the public lands in said State.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will reserve
any point of order on this amendment until the
gentleman has made some explanation of it.
Mr. DUNNELL. The St. Paul and Sioux
City Railroad Company made surveys of the
public lands along the line of the road being
then built with the knowledge of the land
department of the Government. I hold in
my hand a letter from the Commissioner that
that company expended the sum of $1,370 in
the survey of the public lands. It seems to
me but just that this amount should be returned
to them out of this $50,000. Of course it does
not increase the amount of the appropriation,
but only provides that it shall be expended in
part for this purpose. I call attention to the
letter of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office verifying the amount expended by the
company, and also to the letter of Mr. C. T.
Brown, the surveyor general of the State of
Minnesota.
Department of the Ixtouor,
General Land Office,
"Washington, D. c., February 8,1872.
Sir : I am in receipt of your letter of the 7th
instant, making application for the refunding of
$1,340 ($1,370) deposited by the St. Paul and Sioux
City Railroad Company October 4, 1869, with the
First National Bankof St. Paul, Minnesota, for sur-
veys in Minnesota, and inclosing a. certificate from
the United States surveyor general of Minnesota, in
relation to the same.
In reply, I have to state, that the reconds of this
office .show, as per following statement, that the
greater portion of the abovenamed sum ($1,370) was
expended for surveys, and the unexpended balance
refunded to the railroad compa,ny:
Amount paid Jewett & Howe, May 20,18/0, for sur-
vey of township one hundred and four, range forty-
four west, and townships one hundred and one and.
one hundred and two, range forty-five west, $1,081 08;
cost of preparing plats and transcribing, field notes,
$140. Amount refunded St. Paul and Sioux City
Railroad Company, June 13.1870, excess of surveys,
$118 92. Amount refunded St. Paul and Sioux City
Railroad Company, June 13,1870, excess of office
work, $30; making the total $1,370.
Very respectfully,
Coi/tmisxioner.
Mr. E. F. Drake, Prescient St. Paul and Sioux City
Railroad Company, Washington, D. C.
Surveyor Gen krai/s Office.
St. Paox, Minnesota, May 23,1872.
I hereby certify that it appears by the records of
this office that on the 4th day of October, 1869, the
St. Paul and Sioux City Railroad Company deposited
the sum of $1,200 on account of continuing the pub-
lie surveys in Minnesota; and that on the same day
the further stim of $170 was deposited by the said
company for compensation of clerks m the
veyor general's office. It further appears that 01
the last named sum of $170, the sum of thirty dol-
lars has been retunded to said St. Paul and bioux
City Railroad Company. ^
Surveyor General.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear mile tor
.Standard lines, fourteen dollars lor to-wnship, and
twelve dollars for section lines, and for heavily
timbered mountain lands, at augmented rates, not
exceeding eighteen dollars per linear mile for stand-
ard, sixteen dollars for township, and fourteen dol-
lars for section lines, §90,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike oat the
last word for the purpose of inquiring of the
(rentleman from California [Mr. Sargeot]
why the rates named in this paragraph should
loe so much higher than those named in other
paragraphs making appropriations for surveys ?
Mr. SARGENT. These are for surveying
the lands in mountainous regions where they
are precipitous canons, and the character ot
the surveying is different from that in the val-
leys. The valley lands are nearly all surveyed,
and any that are left unsurveyed will be at the
reduced rates named in the bilk _
Mr. MAYNAKD. I have not examined
the estimates to see if this corresponds to
thjTr'. SARGENT. This is in accordance
with the estimates of the Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read the following;
For surveying the public lands in Oregon situated
west of the Cascade mountains, densely covered
with forests of thick undergrowth, at rates not ex-
ceeding eighteen dollars per linear mile for stand-
ard, sixteen dollars for township, and fourteen dol-
lars for section lines, $20,000. v
Mr. SLATER. I w#ve to amend the par-
agraph just read by striking out the words
" situated' west of the Cascade mountains,
and by adding to the paragraph the words
" one half of said amount to be expended east
of the Cascade mountains."
Mr. SARGENT. That was intended to be
reported by the Committee on Appropriations ;
but by some accident or oversight it was not
reported.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before that amendment
is adopted, I would like some explanation as
to the necessity for two appropriations, one
of $50,000 and another of $20,000, for survey-
ing public lands in Oregon.
Mr. SARGENT. It may be that the matter
which the amendment proposes to insert is
already in the bill. While that is being ex-
amined, I ask that the pending paragraph and
the amendment be passed over informally.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
that will be done.
There was no objection.
Mr. SARGENT subsequently said : Upon
a reexamination of the bill it is found that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Oregon [Mr. Slater] is necessary.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Slater, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, at a rate not exceeding fifteen dollars per
linear mile for standard lines, fourteen dollars for
township, and twelve dollars for section lines, and
for heavily timbered lands lying in the mountains,
at augmented rates, not exceeding eighteen dollars
per linear mile for standard, sixteen dollars for
township, and fourteen dollars for section lines,
$70,000.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by striking
out the words "lying in the mountains."
There are probably twenty gentlemen on this
floor who know that the worst part of the sur-
vey in Washington Territory is not in the
mountains at all. The most densely timbered
districts are in the plains adjacent to Puget
sound ; and the increased rate per mile will
not be applicable to those lands if the words
I propose to strike out be retained. The
object of the committee undoubtedly is to
reach those heavily timbered districts. I ask
that this appropriation be made to conform to
the facts.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public Iandsin Nevada, at rates
not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear mile ior
standard-lines, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, 4580,000.
Mv. KENDALL. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out " $50,000''
and inserting "$100,000." Mr. Chairman,
it will be a matter of gratification even to my
distinguished friend from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] that this demand for increased appro-
priations for the survey of the public lands is
on account of the increased settlement of our
new country in the West. In support of this
increased appropriation I ask the Clerk to read
a joint resolution of the Legislature now in
session of my State, which was telegraphed to
me a few days since.
The Clerk read as follows:
Memorial and joint resolution relative to extending
the Government survey over the public lands in
the State of Nevada.
To the "honorable the Senate and Mouse of Representa-
tives in Congress assembled:
Your memorialists, the Legislature of the State of
Nevada, respectfully represent to your honorable
hodv that in point of area, Nevada is the third State
in the Union; that tbe&overnmentsurveybas been
extended over only a very small portion of the pub-
He lands of the State, and that there are within said
State large bodies of desirable agricultural and
. gracing lands not yet surveyed, and that a large
number of inhabitants have settled upon said un-
surveyed lands for the purpose of making homes
thereon, and that said inhabitants are anxious to
secure title to the lands upon which they have so
settled; Therefore,
Be it resolved by the senate and assembly of the State
of Nevada, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representative in Congress be
requested, to use all proper means to have at least
$100,000 appropriated for the purpose of extending
the public surveys in the State of Nevada during
the year 1873
Mesohcd, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing to each
of our Senators and our Representative in Congress.
Passed January 31,1873.
Mr. KENDALL. Iaskthe Clerk to read also
a telegram which I received yesterday from
the United States surveyor general of Nevada.
The Clerk read as follows: .
Reno, Nevada, February 14, 1873.
Hon. C. W. Kpmh, M. C.:
An appropriation of $100,000 for surveys is abso-
lutely required to meet the wants of settlers in dif-
ferent parts of the State. % g. DAVIS,
Surveyor General.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise tooppose
the amendment, and will only say that it pro-
poses to double the estimate of the Depart-
ment. The bill appropriates the full amount
of the estimate.
Mr. KENDALL. I wish to add a few more
words in support of the amendment. If the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations will allow me, I think I can
convince him that this increased appropria-
tion is demanded by the urgent necessities of
the people of my State. I have said that the
increasing population of Nevada demands that
the public lands should be surveyed and
opened to entry by settlers as rapidly as pos-
sible. In cofirmation of that proposition, I
beg leave to have read a letter from the State
register of public lands at Carson City, Nevada.
The Clerk read as follows:
() State of Nevada,
Office of Surveyor (tKn'kra t,
and Land Register,
Carson City, January 11,1873.
I hereby certify that during the year 1871 appli-
cations were received and filed m this office to pur-
chase 84,836 80-100 acres of land, and thatdunng the
year 1872 applications were received for 208,0o8 51-1W
acres. JOHN DAY, Register.
By SYLVESTER H. DAY, Deputy.
So, sir, from the close of the year 1871 to
the close of the year 1872 there was an in-
crease of more than 113,000 acres applied tor
at the Carson land office; and I have no
doubt the increase for the current year will be
much more. .
But it is said by the gentleipan from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, that $50,000 is all that is allowed in the
estimate by the Department, and that we are
asking double the amount, allowed last year.
But, I claim that the best evidence in support
of this increase has been fctrnished, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to the con-
trary notwithstanding, we know our own wants
best; the United States surveyor general
knows best the requirements of his office ana
the people through their Legislature know
best the demands and the wants of settlers
upon the public lands.
[Here the hammer fell. J _
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment. It asks us to double the
amount estimated by the Department for this
I>UThe question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Kendall, it was not agreed to;
there being—ayes thirty-seven, noes not
counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
For survey of the western boundary
Tprritorv at a rate not exceeding fixty dollars per
Unearmilt! Estimated distance two hundred and
seventy-seven miles. $13,850.
Mr TAFFE. I move to strike out the p&r-
agraph just read. I make this motion tor the
purpose of calling attention to> the fact that
this bill appropriates about $30,000 for the
survey of territorial boundaries. Now, it is
competent for Congress to change such bound-
