1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Shellaba/rger.
Ho. of Reps.
have mastered every fact, and weighed it with
the impartiality of men who propose to do
right. It will be a painful and difficult thing
for me.to cast my vote. My only object in
rising here was, as I have stated, to discuss the
question of constitutional power, the consti-
tutional protection and guarantee and safety
that are threatened here and now.
But to these extreme cases put in this de-
bate the reply is made that being so extreme
and unlikely of occurrence they prove nothing—
that as to every rule of confessedly "strict law"
examples may be found where the law works
•hardship. This reply has force and is entitled
to just weight. In this case I submit it has
■little or none. The Constitution, on its face
indicates that expulsion was designed only for
"extreme cases" ot unfitness. This is shown
by the fact that there are less grades of un-
fitness which the Constitution calls "misbe-
havior" and which a bare majority may pun-
ish. Evidently, therefore, the thing requiring
two thirds to punish was meant to be some-
thing higher in enormity than that grade of
"misbehavior" which may be "punished" but
punished by a mere majority and yet leaving
the culprit within the body. In other words,
the expulsion was expressly made to meet
"extreme cases."
1\) say, therefore, that the supposing of "ex-
treme cases" proves nothing, and that the
power of expulsion was not designed to reach
"extreme cases," but to license them by com-
manding them never to be touched provided
the crime antedated by an instant the election,
is to license the only class of cases expulsion
was meant to reach. It is only when the
unfituess or the crime is extreme that the pun-
ishment is permitted to be extreme; and hence,
to say that we are precluded from supposing
extreme cases in testing what is the class cov-
ered by the rule, is to preclude the considering
the only cases which the power of expulsion
was designed to include.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is a most fatal mistake
of fact which assumes that these illustrations I
have put of the consequences of holding that
there is an iron law iu the Constitution with-
holding from the two Houses jurisdiction to
expel from making the people's laws crim-
inals whose crimes antedate their elect ions are
extreme cases in the sense that they are so
impossible of occurrence as to have removed
them from the contemplation of this power of
expulsion. On the contrary, all human expe-
rience admonishes us that in proportion as
crimes increase in their heinousness, so do
they in their efforts at concealment. And
hence, as concealment of guilt increases, so
does'the danger of fraud upon the constituent
body in scouring elections through that con-
cealment. And it is a remarkable fact that in
about every case m America where impeach-
ments or expulsions have been prosecuted they
have been for the highest grades of guilt. Sev-
eral have been for treason, some for bribery,
some for other felonies. It will not do, there-
fore, to say to me that the cases I put are so
unlikely of occurrence as not to make it worth
while to treat them as coming under the power
of expulsion. Our whole history, therefore,
as well as the provisions of the Constitution,
admonish us that these cases of extreme guilt
are the very ones for which the remedy is
provided and needed. But I go on.
I am now trying to find out whether this is
one of those powers of high discretion I have
spoken about, or whether, on the contrary, it
belongs to the class where there is a rule of
strict law which forbids us going beyond the
election. I am striving to show that it be-
longs to the class of regulated, just, enlight-
ened, legal discretion, to be exercised under
guidance of the Constitution and of con-
science, where Congress is to decide whether
public safety demands expulsion. Now that
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 11.
it belongs to that class let me add another
argument. It is this: the Constitution has
dealt with it as such, and because being dis-
cretionary is therefore dangerous, and one
which the Constitution has carefully guarded
in this, that it has in this clause stricken down
the cardinal principle applicable to the de-
termination of all great affairs m republican
government. You decide by bare majorities
nearly all other questions, howeverstupendous.
Why, I remember here, Mr. Speaker, one
afternoon, we .voted away $950,000,000 to save
the life of the Republic.
That was a momentous vote in its magni-
tude, and decided the life or death of the
Republic itself. And yet in the contempla-
tion of the Constitution it was not so moment-
ous as the question we try to-night. Even the
expulsion of one of our fellows from this
body, the poorest, meanest, feeblest, is more
tenderly taken care of by the Constitution than
those enormous affairs you thus dispose of by
a bare majority of your body. It is so ordained
at least in part, oecause it is one of those dis-
cretions committed to the conscience of the
two Houses, and therefore so liable to abuse
that the Constitution has so hedged it about
and compelled the concurrence of two thirds
before it shall be exercised.
Discretionary powers are always recognized
as dangerous and intrusted to courts and public
bodies with caution, and stintedly. So here.
But that is not all. The Constitution has
attached no penalty to expulsion. Unlike the
case of impeachment, where there must be
a "judgment." Here there is none. In
impeachment there may be punishment, not
extending beyond disqualification to hold
office. Here there is none, it is because the
power which brings to pass expulsion is one
unbounded by law defined, and strict rules of
law that the Constitution permitted no penal-
ties or forfeitures to be attached, and permitted
immediate reelection.
I agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butleii] so far as he says it is re-
medial, and designed merely to be protective
of the two Houses. But to make it protective
the Constitution has made it punitive also,
for the Constitution uses the word punishment,
but the punishment is only for the purpose of
remedy or prevention.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not left for defense
of these views, impregnable as they are, to the
unsupported - force of general principles as
showing that this power of expulsion belongs
to the family of " discretionary" powers, and
where there is no unyielding rule which cuts
off the jurisdiction of the Houses, but is, on
the contrary, a case in which Congress may
look at the subject-matter with the enlightened
discretion of a court of conscience, and by a
vote of two thirds may decide the question
which I am here to decide. But to this the
reply is made: are we here without the pale
of all law, and at liberty to do the bidding of
the mob which barks at these our fellow-
member's' heels? I answer no, no, no. We
are under law most solemn and commanding.
That law is found in the definition of regulated
legal discretion. I have here a definition of
what that means, taken from Judge Story.
Let me read it to show this is a well recognized
and a defined domain of the law, controlled
by known principles of our jurisprudence.
"Discretion is the equitable decision of what is
just and proper under the circumstances," *
but it is discretion, not arbitrary,
depending on, mere* pleasure of the judge; but a
sound reasonable discretion which governs itself so
far as it may be by general rules and principles."
There, sir, is a compact statement of the
rules which govern this body m determining
the question whether this power of expulsion
shall be exercised. True it is not definite, not
exact, not sharp, in marking out cpr way ; but
this results from the very nature of the case,
and from the fact that sharply defined roles
are here impossible and would destroy the
very purposes for which the jurisdiction to
expel is created. Let me give this, then, as an
answer to all the cases put by the gentleman
to show how this power may be abused. One
gentleman says we may turn a man oat be-
cause of his religion, and another because
he has red hair; another because he has but
one leg.
Now, Mr. Speaker, all that is simply unal-
leviated nonsense, I respectfully affirm. Gen-
tlemen say that my position that this great
power is one of the discretionary powers, in-
hering in government, and that we may there-
fore look back of an election to the end that
we may in each case find out whether that
entire case shows the man cle .rly unfit to hold
a seat here, making our laws, results in mak-
ing it lawful to expel for the offense of having
a deformed body, deformed intellect, deformed
religion, deformed habits, deformed politics,
or deformed votes.
But let us see. If such suppositions over-
throw my position that we have the "juris-
diction" to go back of an election, then what
other jurisdictions are overthrown by the same
sort of suppositions? If our courts should be
intrusted with discretion about adjourning the
trial of the cause of a citizen, then they might
adjourn it because the suitor has red hair.
Hence there is no power in the courts to con-
tinue causes. If, on habeas corpus, judges
should be intrusted with discretion as to who
should have the nurture of an orphan girl, then
they may commit her to a brothel. Hence the
judges have not the judicial discretion. If
courts should have discretion as to enforcing
contracts in equity, they may decree from us
all our homes. Hence tbey have no jurisdic-
tion to enforce at 'all. If the President be
intrusted with the discretion to remove every
civil and military officer except judges—and
he has had it from the origin of the Govern-
ment, as has been often held—then he may
remove them all because they have hair red or
black. Hence he has no power to remove the
thieves. If Congress should be intrusted with
power to declare war at its sovereign discre-
tion and pleasure, then it may declare war
against all the world and at all times. Hence
Congress has not the "jurisdiction" to declare
war.
I submit to the House and the country whether
giving the Houses this jurisdiction to expel
from the body the thief, the bandit, the giver
or taker of bribes, the assassin who has con-
cealed his guilt, defrauded his constituency
out of their suffrages, and stolen his way into
these the very sanctuaries of the nation's power
and law, any more involves the danger of ex-
pelling members because of their religion or
their hair than do similar dangers flow from
the discretions I have named, which from the
beginning of the world have inhered in, and
been exercised unchallenged by every Gov-
ernment and court upon the globe.
Why, Mr. Speaker, do you not know that
the great mass of powers given to Governments
are discretionary, just like this power to expel,
and equally liable to abuse ? Here are the
words of the Supreme Court of the United
States (6 Wheat., 226) upon this exact point:
'* The science ot government i3 the most abstruso
of all sciences; if indeed that can be called a science
which has bat few fixed principles, and practically
consists in little more than the exercise of a sound
discretion applied to the exigency of the State as they
arise."
But let me put this to gentlemen: does not
the same exact difficulty apply to the position
you yourself occupy? Does it materially
change the difficulty? You grant that'you
may expel for an offense committed after an
election. May that not be as readily reduced
to the absurd? May not men be turned out
because they are Democrats, turned out be-
