498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
ence there, and he has besn so advised by
leading agriculturists in and out of Congress.
He stays there iu obedience to their wishes
and as a matter of duty.
Mr. SARGENT. Then the gentleman puts
it upon the ground that this old Commissioner
of Agriculture is valuable as a watchman of"
the building. Why, sir, he has watohmen,
this bill provides for them. Why then should
he, with nis spectacles, go about the building ?
Is he so valuable as a watchman that his
salary should be raised above that of other
officers of his grade ? This is nothing but a
bureau, and every other head of a bureau re-
ceives the same salary that the Commissioner
of Agriculture does.
When a just bill equalizing the salaries of
all these officers shall be brought in I may
vote for it, but I object to picking out one
officer and increasing his salary, and especially !
when it is urged upon the ground that he is a !
good watchman. Certainly the Commissioner
and his family are living in the building. I {
do uot know but that, as the gentleman says,
he might prefer to live somewhere else. I
know that he has his own choice in the matter.
There is no law requiring him to live in the
building and do the work of the watchman for
whom we appropriate, by this bill, $720.
Now, sir, I do not undervalue the services
of any officer, but the Committee on Appro-
priations protest against raising the salary oi
any one man to the neglect of others. We
protest against this policy because if this
amendment be adopted other officers of the
same grade will say, "You have raised the
salary of this man whose duties are not as
important and exacting as ours, now raise
all our salaries;" and we cannot resist the
demand, or if we do we shall do injustice to
the rest of the officers of this grade. If there
is to be any change in the salary of these
officers it ought to be done by legislation. I
think there may be sqme reason for an increase.
I introduced a proposition here to increase
the salary of the President of the United
States, which the committee improperly, as
afterward appeared by its own decision, ruled
out of order. I believe the point of order
was decided on the merits of the proposition
and not upon the question of order, and thus
it was ruled ont.
Now, if the House capriciously takes here
and there a salary and increases it, and re-
fuses to increase another one equally merit-
orious, and thus goes over this hill, we will
simply have a monstrosity in this appropri-
ation bill; we will be paying some men
extravagantly and others inadequately. I
object to such legislation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERB. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing it $500. I wish to ask
the gentleman from California who has just
taken his seat [Mr. Sargent] a question or
two. I desire to know whether it is or not
true that iu addition to furnishing this Com-
missioner a family residence, he is also sup-
plied at the expense of the Government with
lights and fuel?
Mr. SARGENT. I so understand.
Mr. KERR. I will also ask if it is not true
that he has the use of a horse and carriage
at the expense of the Government?
Mr. SARGENT. So I understand.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not give him
another horse ? [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. And this horse is also fed at
the expense of the Government?
Mr. SARGENT. That is my information.
Mr. KERR. I ask if it is not also true that
his son is chief clerk of the Department?
Mr. SARGENT. That is toy information.
Mr. KERR. It is so published in the press
of the city.
Mr. SARGENT. Acting chief clerk.
Mr. KERR. Now, in view of allthese facts
I do insist that the compensation of this Com-
missioner practically more than exceeds the
compensation of a member of this House. I
have no doubt that in practical results to the
Commissioner of Agriculture his office is
worth to him more than $5,000 a year. He
has a residence for himself and family ; and I
may as well say here it is really a very fine
residence, in every way comfortable, and cost-
ing a great many thousands of dollars to the
people of this country. It is a residence in
which any gentleman might very well be
proud to live. I am sure I cannot live so well
or so comfortably. Besides, he has all his
table supplies and vegetables from the public
grounds about his Department, raised at the
expense of the public. He has also many
other useful and profitable advantages result-
ing from his living in the Department and on
the grounds.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wilson]
suggests that the Commissioner would be very
glad to live somewhere else if he could afford
it. The Commissioner of" the General Land
Office has to live somewhere else whether he can
afford it or not; so- does the Commissioner of
Pensions, and every other bureau officer in the
several Departments. It is a most ungracious
discrimination in favor of this Commissioner
to endeavor to increase his compensation one
penny beyond what it is. I would say the
same if it were adding one thousand dollars or
more to the compensation of each of the other
Commissioners, because there now exists a
most unjust disparity in the compensation of
other officers.
While I have no feelings of personal unkind-
ness toward this Commissioner, and I have
none in the world, yet I do say, agreeing in
everything which has been said by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] that it
does not become this House, in any spirit of
favoritism, or anything else, whatever the mo-
tive may be, to add one penny to the compen-
sation of the Commissioner of Agriculture.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire of
the gentleman from California, who seems to
be looked to for information on this sub-
ject
Mr. SARGENT. I am not on the stand,
but I will answer any que
Mr. FARNSWORTB.
uestkm that I can.
gentleman if this Commissioner follows the
example of a former Commissioner, and cooks
the choicest seeds which are imported from
foreign countries in order to test their quality?
[Langhter.] r
Mr. SARGENT. I have not that inform-
ation.
Mr. MAYNARD. We have been referring
to the salaries of other Commissioners, the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, for
example, and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. Now, those officers are heads of
bureaus simply, bureaus in the Interior Depart-
ment, and they receive the same salary as
other heads of bureaus, as the several Auditors
of the Treasury Department, for example, and
as some of the Comptrollers, but not all. If
I remember1 correctly the First Comptroller
receives a salary of $5,000 a year, and if my
memory is not at fault the Comptroller of the
Currency receives as much.
This is a Department, so constituted by the
law originating and erecting it. It is a sepa-
rate Department, as much so as the Depart-
ment of the Interior or the State Department.
The Commissioner of Agriculture is tbe head
of a separate and distinct Department.
Mr. SARGENT. Why does he not attend
the Cabinet meetings of the President?
Mr. MAYNARD. Simply because the
President has not seen proper yet to invite
him. So, for many years—until, I think, Mr.
McLean was called to the office of Postmaster
General—the Postmaster General was not in-
vited to take a seat in the Cabinet. The Com-
missioner of Agriculture may be invited into
the Cabinet as the head of a Department at any
moment when the President shall see proper
to do so; but with a salary of $3,000 attached
to this office the President, I suppose, would
hardly cousider the officer a suitable person
to-advise him in matters of State concern.
We are told that the Commissioner has ;i
carriage. Now, is not every officer connected
with the Government whose duties require him
to pass about over the city furnished with a
carriage? Take, for instance, the Clerk of ihia
House, who from the time of my first acquaint
ance with the office has had a carriage at his
service. So with a great many other officers 1
might mention.
It is also said that the Commissioner occu-
pies apartments in the agricultural building,
j Why, sir, how could he rent a house adequate
! to such an officer and pay the rent out of a
salary of $3,000? Why, sir, even the salaries
I of your other heads of Departments, large as
their salaries are, have scarcely been found
sufficient in some instances to pay the rent
of the houses they occupy.
I have yet to hear any argument in opposi-
tion to this amendment excepting that there
are other salaries that ought also to be raised.
That may be so; but that argument is the
old one which we have heard again and again,
that " two wrongs make a right." This is a
case that stands by itself upon peculiar ground.
This officer is the only head of a Department
who receives so insufficient a salary.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that there are other reasons against thin
amendment besides the inequality of salary
which would result as to other officers from its
adoption. A good rule for the House to fol-
low is that it will not itself inaugurate expend-
itures in the different Departments of the Gov-
ernment when no estimates have been made
for them. This is a general rule which we
ought to be glad to follow. Now, nobody has
recommended this increase. The President
has not-recommended it; no ono of his Cab-
inet officers have recommended it; it does not
come to us in the book of estimates ; there is
not a scrap or a line from any Department of
the Government asking for an increase of this
salary. It is a voluntary motion of a friend of
the Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman sup-
?ose that this officer or any other would do,
will not say so indecent, but so indiscreet a
thing as to send in an estimate for an increase
of his own salary 1
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Probably not.
Mr. MAYNARD. And ard'We not just as
competent to judge of the propriety of such
an increase as any Department of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are other
Departments that could send in the estimate.
The Secretary of the Treasury sends in esti-
mates to as, not the head of the Department
of Agriculture. It is an unfortunate thing
that this Department of Agriculture was ever
named a Department. In everything but name
it is a bureau. It waB never understood to be
a departmental branch of the Government in
the same sense as other Departments are. It
is true that the first Commissioner said to
somebody that he supposed he was a member
of the Cabinet, only he "had not sot iu it
yet." [Laughter.] This is the only claim I
have ever heard made since I have been in
Washington that this was a department in
anything but the name.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. To what superior
officer is the Commissioner of Agriculture
accountable ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. To the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. And to what su-
perior officer are heads of bureaus responsible?
Not to the President, but to the heads of the
respective Departments. Hence, the law very
properly styles this the "Department of
Agriculture.''
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. To what supe-
rior is the doorkeeper of the President's house
