162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Gredit Mobilier—Mr. Shellabarger.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
cause they have red hair, turned out because
you do not like their religion, just as well
though they had their red hair, or their bad
religion, or their bad polities after the elec-
tion, as if they had them Before? So you see
these extreme illustrations to which gentle-
men resort are just as .bad for their position
as for the other. There is iu their argument
a simplefelo de se.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say just
a word or two more. _ I now come to authority.
We happen to have in our own parliamentary
history an exact, a complete, an unquestioned,
a universally recognized determination of the
very questions that I have sought to discuss
upon general principles. I beg the attentiou
of the House to what I have been trying to
say, that this doctrine that there is a rule of
fixed law that prevents us going beyond the
election is not the sound one ; but that the
sound one is that this is a question com-
mitted by the Constitution to be regulated by
the just, legal discretion of the body con-
cerned. Now I read from Chancellor Kent,
volume one, page 252, where he says in a note,
concerning this power of the several Houses,
"the power of expulsion is in its nature dis-
cretionary."
I read that again from Bouvier, title " Ex-
pulsion
The power of expulsion is in its nature discre-
tionary and its exeroi.se of a more summary charac-
ter than the power of judicial tribunals."
I read again from the same page of the same
author:
" In determining on expulsion, the Senato is not
bound by the forms of judicial proceedings or the
rules of judicial evidence; nor is the same grade of
proof essential which is required to convict of a
crime. The power of expulsion must in its nature
be discretionary and its exercise of a more summary
character."
This is an authority derived from the case of
John Smith, a Senator of my own State. And
this case also decides another question which
the gentleman discussed. He sought to show
that you were trampling down the constitutional
rights of these gentlemen by trying them here
for the crime of bribery when they are entitled
to be tried by a jury in the courts of the coun-
try. That question has also been decided and
settled, if it ever needed settling, by your own
parliamentary history. I read another extract
from the same authority :
" That the fifth and sixth articles of the amendmont
of the Constitution of the United States, containing
the general rights and privileges of the citizcn as to
criminal prosecutions, refer only to prosecutions at
law, and do not affect the jurisdiction of tho Senate
as to expulsion."
Now, then, I submit this to the House. I
wish to impress it upon the minds of my fel-
low-members that we have here in the short
extracts which I have now read in the hearing
of the House an explicit, unqualified, and
clear enunciation of the propositions of con-
stitutional and parliamentary law which I have
striven to establish. They are, that the power
we discuss is not one of strict limitations and
boundaries defined by exact written law, but
it is one of discretion, where the body becomes
a law unto itself, responsible to no other supe-
rior except the people, and to whom alone they
are responsible for the wise use or the abuse
of these high and delicate discretions. So also
they show that all the gentleman tells us about
our trying men here for the crime of bribery
being an attack on Magna Charta and jury trial
and the other things with which this debate
has resounded, is only delivered from being
mistaken for the very supreme of folly by its
being uttered under circumstances so solemn
and momentous and by gentlemen so able and
enlightend as to preclude such a suspicion.
Mr. Speaker, we have heard much from the
fentlemen who take opposite views from those
have urged about these views being echos
from the cry of that mob which they hear
baying at the base of the Capitol, and fierce
for the blood of some victim to be cast out
to them from these windows. It is we, they
assure you, who are bending before a mad and
unreasoning popular tempest, and are sacri-
ficing duty, honor, oaths, the Constitution,
liberty, and the holy rights of our brothers
here to the end that an imbruted mob may be
satiated with blood. Ahl Mr. Speaker, this
imputation by gentlemen to their opponents
of all that is detestable in personal and official
recreancy to high duty, and this ascription to
themselves of all of the wisdom and virtues
which are left in these Halls, are not mani-
festations usually found in companionship with
the most exalted virtues. These graces and
genuine virtues do not " protest too much."
I reply to gentlemen to have a caro here
and now. Mistake not the outcry of an in-
dignant anfl outraged people demanding the
vindication of the nation's purity and its great
name, for the screams of an imbruted rabble !
Commit not the error of deeming that one
quality of these Houses, whereby they are
entitled to the holy and God-given rights of
self-defense, to be a thing so trivial in its value
or so destructible in its essence that it is to
be hooted out of this Hall by harangues
addressed to these teeming galleries, or buried
out of sight under heaps of bad adjectives with
which gentlemen inundate us.
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] was right when he declared this right
of expulsion was to this body the right of self-
defense and its exercise no j)unishment for
crime.
I hold in my hand the argument of that
most eminent of our great men, William Wirt,
made as Attorney General of the United States
in Anderson vs. Dunn, (0 Wheat.,) where, in
speaking of these rights of the Houses to vin-
dicate their authority and purity, he declares
"the necessity of self-defense is as incidental
to legislation as to judicial authority." And,
Mr. Speaker, in the memorable case of Sir
Francis Burdett, wherein the king's bench
declared unanimously that they would not even
deliberate upon the question whether each
House of Parliament possessed all the inher-
ent rights of self-defense and of vindication
of its purity and authority, and that no tribunal
on earth could review their exercise of these
discretions, 1 commend to gentlemen tho
words of Lord Erskine uttered in that case.
They come to us to-day solemn and awful in
their import, and are these: "the House of
Commons, whether a court or not, must, like
every other tribunal, have the power to pro-
tect itself from obstruction and insult, and to
maintain its dignity of character. If the dig-
nity of the law is not sustained, its sun is set
never to be lighted up again."
True, Mr. Speaker, this power of expulsion
is regulated in our Constitution just to the
extent of its requiring two thirds. But this
does not take it off from the foundation upon
which it rests, namely, the power of self-
defense, nor deprive it of any of the qualities
as to the range of its jurisdiction, or the dis-
cretions inhering in its nature which belong to
it in England and every other where. This is,
then, no punishment for crime. This is no
deprivation of a man's right to trial by jury.
It is not a thing that is guided by rules of
iron law ; but it is committed to the regulated
discretion of this House, and is to be exer-
cised under their sense of public duty and in
the spirit of our institutions.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. May I ask the gen-
tleman a question?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The gentleman has
read authorities to the effect that this is a dis-
cretionary right. What is to regulate the dis-
cretion of the two thirds ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I agam thank
gentlemen for their questions. My friend is a
lawyer and must be conscious of the answer to
his question, and he knows that in the great
domains of the law there is a vast field where
those regulated,enlightened judicial descretions
have their play and are impossible of being
bound up by exact rules except those of a just,
enlightened judicial conscience. He must not
impute to me that this is an invention of mine.
I have read from the higest authorities known
to our law, showing him, first, that this power
of expulsion is one to be cxercised by the
House under its high legal discretions which,
alone define the range of the jurisdiction and
cases for its exercise ; and second, I have read
to him wliat Story declares to be the rules and
definitions of "legal discretions." When I
have done these I have given all the answers
to the question which the nature of the subject-
matter admits.
The gentleman asks me what is to regulate
that discretion. I answer that which regu-
lates every other court of conscience in Christ-
endom, and that is the sense of equity, justice,
and fair play, the sense of duty, and a regard
for the spirit of the Constitution. The gentle-
man will remember that one of the cardinal
principles iti the interpretation of all consti-
tutions and statutes is to look at the mischief
to be remedied by the provision. What is
that mischief in this case ? It is the contam-
ination of the fouutains of the law, their deg-
radation, their humiliation in the public judg-
ment and in the apprehensions of the people.
It is, moreover, the expulsion, from the
making of law, of them notoriously corrupt and
so unfit to make them as to bring the law-making
power into contempt of all good men. It is also
to deliver the members from forced associa-
tion with pollution. These are the mischiefs.
Now, sir, in finding out what are the rules
guiding these high discretions we exercise
now and here, I know no other than that ap-
peal which our oaths demand we shall each
for himself now make to his own impartial
enlightened conviction of duty to be exercised
in the fear of God and love of his country ;
and"these exercised in full view of all the
purposes of self protection for which all con-
fess this power of expulsion was bestowed by
the Constitution.
One general rule for our guidance I think
is this : where a man has been elected by his
constituency, and who is qualified for holding
the office, who is eligible in the contempla-
tion of the Constitution and laws, and whose
character and defects are known to his con-
stituents, and who in view of them all is, by
the constituent body, still elected to come here,
such one, as a rule, and except in extremest
cases, ought not to to be expelled for offenses
thus passed upon and condoned by his con-
stituency. I will not say that there may not
be extreme cases where a constituency might
be so lost to all sense of public decency as
to inflict a man on this body for the purpose
of bringing it into contempt, and where we
should expel. But, sir, when such a state of
things as that shall come to pass throughout
any considerable part of the Republic, then it
will be of no use for us to discuss any pro-
visions of our constitutions, for then the Con-
stitution will itself have perished at its very
foundation and the Republic be dead 1
But, on the other hand, put the question to
your own sense of obligations to public de-
cency and law, and answer me, when a man
gets his election, concealing from his con-
stituency his guilt, and comes here for the
purposes of bribing, corrupting this body,
and under a retainer therefor, received before
his election, can it be said that there is some
unwritten, but relentless and infernal rule of
the Constitution which compels his defrauded
constituency to be the degraded victims of his
fraud and this body to be the shield and repos-
itory of his villainies, and all this merely
