1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
letter to McComb, and also in his statement prepared
by counsel, he gives the philosophy of his action, to
wit: "that he has found there is no difficulty in
getting men to look after their own property."
The committee are also satisfied that Mr. Ames
entertained a fear that when the true relations
between the Credit Mobiiier Company and the Union
Pacific became generally known, and the means by
which the great profits expected to be made were
fully understood, there was danger that congres-
sional investigation and action would be invoked.
The members of Congress with whom he dealt were
generally those who had been friendly and favorable
to a Pacific railroad, and Mr. Ames did not fear or
€^Epectto find them favorable to movements hostile
to it; but he desired to stimulate their activity and
watchfulness in opposition to any unfavorable action
by giving them a personal interest in the success of
the enterprise, especially so far as it affected the in-
terest of the Credit Mobiiier Company. On the 9th
day of December, 1867, Mr. C. C. Washburn, of Wis-
consin, introduced in the House a bill to regulate by
Jaw the rates of transportation over the Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. Ames, as well as others interested in the Union
Pacific road, were opposed to this and desired to
defeat it. Other measures apparently hostile to that
company were subsequently introduced into the
House by Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, and Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois. The committee believe that
Mr. Ames in his distributions of stock hadspecially
in mind the hostile efforts of the Messrs. Washburn,
and desired to gain strength to secure their defeat.
The reference in one ofhisletters to "Washburn's
move" makes this quite apparent.
The foregoing is deemed by the committee a suffi-
cient statement of facts as to Mr. Ames, taken in
connection with what will be subsequently stated of
his transactions with particular persons. Mr. Ames
made some contracts for stock in the CreditMobilier
with members of the Senate. In pubKc discussions
of this subject the names of members of both Houses
have been so connected, and all these transactions
were so nearly simultaneous, that the committee
decided it their duty to obtain all evidence in their
power as to all persons then members of either
Ilouse.and to report the same to the House. Having
done this, and the House having directed that evi-
dence transmitted to the Senate, the committee con-
sider their own power and duty, as well as that of
the House, fully performed so far as members of the
Senate are concerned. Some of Mr. Ames's contracts
to sell stock were with gentlemen who were then
members of the House, but are not members of the
present Congress.
The committee have sought for and taken all the
evidence within their reach as to those gentlemen,
and reported the same to the House. As the House
has ceased to have jurisdiction over them as mem-
bers, the committee have not deemed it their duty
to make any special finding of facts as to each, leav-
ing the House and the country to their own conclu-
sions upon the testimony.
In regard to each of the members of the present
House, the committee deem it their duty to state
specially the facts they find proved by the evidence,
which, in some instances, is painfully conflicting.
mr. james g. blaine, op maine,
Among those who have in the public press been
charged with improper participation in Credit Mo-
biiier stock is the present Speaker, Mr. Blaine, who
moved the resolution for this investigation, lhe
committee have, therefore, taken evidence in regard
to him. They find from it that Mr. Ames had con-
versation with Mr. Blaine in regard to taking ten
•shares of the stock, and recommended it as a good
investment. Upon consideration, Mr. Blaine con-
cluded not to take the stock, and never did take it,
and never paid or received anything on account ot
it and Mr. Blaink never had any interest direct or
indirect in Credit Mobiiier stock, or stock ol the
Union Pacific Railroad Company.
mr. henry l. da.wes, of massachusetts.
Mr Dawks hnd, prior to December, 1867, made
some small investments in railroad bonds through
Mv Ames. In December, 1867, Mr. Dawes applied
to Mr. Ames to purchase a thousand dollar bond ot
the Cedar Rapids road, in Iowa. Mr; Ames in-
formed him that he had sold them all, but that he
would lot him have for his thousand doU™ 'on
shares of Credit Mobiiier stock, which he thought
was better than the railroad bond. In answer to
inquiries by Mr. Dawes, Mr. Ames said the Credit
Mobiiier Company had the contract to build the
Unien Pacific road, and thought they would make
money out of it, and that it would be a good thing,
that lie would guaranty that he should get ten per
cent, on his money, and that if at a,ny time Mr.
Dawks did not want the stock he would pay back
the money with ten per cent, interest. Mr. Dawks
made some further inquiry m relation to the stock
of Mr John B. Alley, who said he thought it was
good stock, but not as good as Mr. Ames thought,
but that Mr. Ames's guarantee would make it a
,,eMr.CI)Amfs t§ereu™on concluded to Purchase the
ten shares and on the 11th of January he P&id Mr.
Ames 4800,' and in a few days thereafter, the balance
ot the price of this stock at par and interest from
July previous. In June, 1868, Mr. Ames
dividend of sixty per cent, in money on this htoeB,
and of it paid to fer. Dawes $400. and  PP'led,j£g
balance of $200 upon accounts between them, iius
$400 was all that was paid over to My^
dividend upon this stock. At some time: prior to
December, 1808, Mr. Dawes was informed that ajrait
had been commenced in the courts ania
by former owners of the charter ot the Credit Mo
bilier, claiming that those then claiming and using
it had no right to do so. Mr. Dawes thereupon
informed Mr. Ames that as there was a litigation
about the matter he did not desire to keep the stock.
On the 9th of December, 1868, Mr. Ames and Mr.
Dawes had a settlement of their matters, in which
Mr. Dawes was allowed for the money he paid for
the stock with ten per cent, interest upon it, and
accounted to Mr. Ames for the $400 he had received
as a dividend. Mr. Dawes received no other benefit
under the contract than to get ten per cent, upon
his money, and after the settlement had no further
interest in the stock.
mr. glenni w. scofield, op pennsylvania.
In 1866 Mr. Scofield purchased some Cedar Rapids
bonds of Mr. Ames, and in that year they had
conversations about Mr. Scofield taking stock
in the Credit Mobiiier Company, but no con-
tract was consummated. In December, 1867, Mr.
Scofield applied to Mr. Ames to purchase more
Cedar Rapids bonds, when Mr. Ames suggested he
should purchase some Credit Mobiiier stock, and
explained generally that it was a contracting com-
pany to build the Union Pacific road; that it was a
Pennsylvania corporation, and he would like to have
some Pennsylvanians in it; that he would sell it to
him at par and interest, and that he would guaranty
he should get eight per cent, if Mr. Scofield would
give him half the dividends above that. Mr. Sco-
field said he thought he would take $1,000 of the
stock; but before anything further was done Mr.
Scofield was called home by sickness in his family.
On his return, the latter part of January. 1868, he
spoke to Mr. Ames about the stock, when Mr. Ames
said he thought it was all sold, but he would take
his money and give him a receipt, and get the stock
for him if he could. Mr. Scofield thereupon paid
Mr. Ames $1,041, and took his receipt therefor.
Not long after, Mr. Ames informed Mr. Scofield
he could have the stock, but could not give him a
certificate for it until he could get alarger certificate
dividend. Mr. Scofield received the bond dividend
of eighty per cent., which was payable January 3,
1868, taking a bond for $1,000 and paying Mr. Ames
the difference. Mr. Ames received thesixty per cent,
cash dividend on the stock in June, 1868, and paid
over to Mr. Scofield $600, the amount of it.
Before the close of that session of Congress, which
was toward the end of July, Mr. Scofield became
for somo reason disinclined to take the stock, and a
settlement was made between them, by which Mr.
Ames was to retain the Credit Mobiiier stock and
Mr. Scofield took a thousand dollar Union Pacific
bond and ten shares of Union Pacific stock.
The precise basis of the settlement does not ap-
pear, neither Mr. Ames or Mr. Scofield having any
full data in reference to it; Mr. Scofield thinks that
he only received back his money and interest upon
it, whil e Mr. Ames states that he thinks Mr. bcoFiELD
had ten shares of Union Pacific stock m addition.
The committee do not deem it specially important
to settle this difference of recollection. Since that
settlement Mr. Scofield has had no interest in the
Credit Mobiiier stock and derives no benefit there-
from.
me. john a. bingham, of ohio.
In December, 1867, Mr. Ames advised Mr. Bing-
ham to invest in the stock of the Credit Mobiiier,
assuring him that it would return him his money
with profitable dividends. Mr. Bingham agreed to
take twenty shares, and about the 1st ol February,
1868, paid to Mr. Ames the par value of the stock,
for which Mr. Ames executed to him some receipt
Or agreement. Mr. Ames received all the dividends
on the stock, whether in Union Pacific bonds, or
stock, or money; some were delivered to Mr. Bing-
ham and some retained by Mr. Ames. The matter
was not finally adjusted between them until Feb-
ruary, 1872, when it was settled, Mr. Ames ietain-
inff the twenty shares of Credit Mobiher stock, and
accounting to Mr. Bingham lor such dividends upon
it as Mr. Bingham had not already received. Mr.
Bingham was treated as the real owner of the stock
from the time of the agreement to take it in De-
cember, 1867, to the settlement in February, 18<2,
and had the benefit of all the dividends upon it.
Neither Mr. Ames or Mr. Bingham had such records
of their dealing as to be able to give the precise
amount of those dividends.
mr. william d. kelley, of pennsylvania.
The committee find from the evidence, that in the
early part of the second session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, and probably in December, 1867, Mr. Ames
agreed with Mr. Kelley to sell him ten shares of
Credit Mobiiier stock at par and mterest from J uly 1,
1867 Mr. Kelley was not then prepared to pay ior
the stock, and Mr, Ames agreed to carry the stock
for him until he could pay lor it. On the day^of
January, 1868, there was a dividend of eighty per
cent, on Credit Mobiiier stock in Union Pacific
bonds. Mr. Ames received the bonds, as the stock
stood in his name, and sold them for ninety-seven
per cent, of their face. In June. 1868, there wag a
cash dividend of sixty per cent., which Mi. Ames
also received. The proceeds of the bonds sold, and
the cash dividends received by Mr. Ames, amounted
to $1,376. The par value of the siock and-interest
thereon from the previous Juiy amounted to $1,04< ,
so that, after paying for the stock, there was a
balance of dividends due Mr. Kellly of S329. Un
thAha. dav of June. 1868, Mr. Ames gave Mr. Kel-
ley a cheJk for that sum on the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the House of Representatives, and Mr. Kelley
received the money thereon.
The committee find that Mr. Kelley then under-
stood that the money he thus received was a balance
of dividends due him after paying for the stock.
All the subsequent dividends upon the stock were
either in Union Pacific stoek or bonds, and they
were all received by Mr. Ames, In September, 1868,
Mr. Kelley received from Mr. Amks $750 in money,
which was understood between them to be an ad-
vance to be paid out of dividends. There has never
been any adjustment of the matter between them,
and there is now an entirewvarianee in the testimony
of the two men as to what the transaction between
them was; but the committee are unanimous in
finding the facts above stated. The evidence re-
ported to the House gives some subsequent conver-
sations and negotiations between Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Awes on this subject. The committee do not
deem it material to refer to it in their report.
mr. james a.garfield, of ohio.
The facts in regard to Mr. Garfield, as found by
the committee, are identical with the caso of Mr.
Kelley to the point of reception of the check for
$329. He agreed with Mr. Ames to take ten shares
of Credit Mobiiier stock, but did not pay for the
same. Mr. Ames received the eighty percent, divi-
dends in bonds, and sold them for ninety-seven per
cent., and also received the sixty per cent, cash
dividends which together paid the price of the
stock and interest and left a balance of $329. This
sum was paid over to Mr. Garfield by a check on
the Sergeant-at-Arms, and Mr. Garfield then un-
derstood this sum was the balance of dividends after
paying for the stock. Mr. Ames received all the
subsequent dividends, and the committee do not find
that since the payment of the $329 thero had be on
any communication between Mr,.Ames and Mr.
Garfield on the subject until this investigation
began. Some correspondence between Mr. Gar-
field and Mr. Ames, and some conversation between
them during this investigation, will be found in the
reported testimony.
The committee do not find that Mr. Ames, in his
negotiations with the persons above named, entered
into any detail of the relations between the Credit
Mobiiier Company and the Union Pacific Company,
or gave them any specific information as to the
amount of dividends tney would be likely to receive,
further than has been already stated. 1 hey all
knew from him, or otherwise, that the CreditMobil-
ier was a contracting company to build the Union
Pacific road, but it does not appear that any ot them
knew that the profits and dividends were to be m
stock and bonds of that company.
The Credit Mobiiier Company was a State corpora-
tion, not subject to congressional legislation, and
the fact that its profits were expected to be derived
from building the Union . Pacific.road did not.
apparently, create such an interest in that company
as to disqualify the holder of Credit Mobiiier stock
from participating in any legislation afiecting tho
railroad company. In his negotiations with these
members of Congress, Mr. Ames made no suggestion
that he desired to secure their favorable influence
in Congress in favor of the railroad company, and
whenever the question was raised as to whether the
ownership of this stock would in any way interfere
with or embarrass them in their action as members
of Congress, he assured them it would not.
The committee, therefore, do not find, as to tno
members of the present House above named, that
they were aware of the object of Mr. Ames, or that
they had any other purpose m taking this stock
than to make a profitable investment. It is appar-
ent that those who advancod their money to pay for
their stock present more tho appearance ot ordinary
investors than those who did not; but the committee
do not feel at liberty to find any corrupt purpose or
knowledge founded upon the fact ot non-payment
alIt ought also to be observed that those gentlemen
who surrendered their stock to Mr. Ames., before
there was any public cxcitement upon the subject, do
not profess to have done so upon any idea of impro-
priety in holding it, but for reasons affecting the
value and security of the investment. £ut *he °om-
mittee believe that they must have felt that there
was something so out of the ordinary course of busi-
ness, in the extraordinary dividends they wero
receiving, as to render the investment itself suspi-
cious. and that this was one of the motives of their
^The'committee have not been able to find that
any of these members of Congress have been affected
in their official action m consequence of their
interest in Credit Mobiiier stock. . . t (•
It has been suggested that the fact that none of
this stock was transferred to th°se I1'-
AmEs contracted was a circumstance from which a
sense of impropriety, if not ot corruption, was to be
inferred. The committee believe this lsT° P8t,1®f?£
explanation without such inference. The probts
of building tho road, under the Ames contract,
were only to be divided among such holders ot
Credit Mobiiier stock as should come m and become
parties to certain conditions set out m tho contract
of transfer to the trustees, so that, a transfer from
Mr Ames to new holders would cut off the nsMto
dividends irom the trustees unless
parties to the agreement; and this the <jommittee
believe to be the true reason why no transfers were
mThe" committee are also of
a satisfactory reason for delw>/>ft^/l4^i£menf0r
to close settlement with some of these gentlemwi tor
stock and bonds he had received as ^"fends upon
Mr. Credit
suck' is still pending. If
