1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
responsible, except to the President himself?
So the argument of my colleague amounts to
nothing.
I want this Committee of the Whole to un-
derstand one thing: it is admitted 011 all
hands that the perquisites of the Commissioner
of Agriculture aside from his salary are worth
more than the additional $2,000 asked for in
this amendment. No man can supply any-
thing like such a place to live in at, a rental of
$2,000 as this place which he enjoys at our
hands. No member of Congress can begin to
live as he does at $2,000 a year rental; and I
hope the House of Representatives will not let
all of these appropriations be added to this
bill. I say this with all kindness to the De-
partment of Agriculture.
fHere the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I think there is
a good deal of undeserved reproach cast on
the noble Department of Agriculture. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
undertook to say that the present Commis-
sioner of Agriculture kept a cuisine to cook
the seeds sent to him from all parts of the
world. [Laughter.] Other members say he
boards and lives in our Patent Office free of
expense. I recollect when the Commissioner
of Agriculture used to make butter for the
presidential Mansion. These were unctious
and happy days. [Laughter.] The gentlest
cows of Pennsylvania furnished the milk, and
there was no constitutional question raised on
the cow. [Laughter.] I remember well that
a former Commissioner raised strawberries for
the presidential Mansion. It is a part of the
business of that bureau. [Laughter.] There
is no question of its constitutionality. [Laugh-
ter.]
It seems we are now to have in the agri-
cultural bureau a microscopist I In fact it
is a part of our new bureaucratic system.
Bring in the microscope, that we may see the
insectivorous animals which are preying upon
and annoying this useful bureau.
I am amazed that the House does not ap-
preciate these reports on agriculture. The
Commissioner on the very first page of his
report tells us that the " segregated character
of the rural population has been such as to
forbid that concentration of ideas and consult-
ation of views which are common to all other
professions and occupations!" This is a
species of "unabridged dictionary " language
which fills the philological and analytical mind
with wonder. But look to the end ! The last
page of the report advises us, that we may save
$1,000,000,000 by dispensing with fencing 1
Let us be advised and even do better. Dis-
pense with barns, stables, and houses ; and
then we will be careful and happy. I admire
economy—based on a concentration of rural
ideas!
Again, I turn to the Commissioner's report
of November, 1871. I read from page 69.
It is the report of the entomologist and
curator! God help us to a faithful lexicon.
We have just made aburean of the microscope.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] op-
poses it; and I never oppose him. What is
this bureau? It is, in fact, the bureau of bugs !
I deny that entomology as a science does not
include all bugs, humbugs not excluded.
[Laughter.] The Commissioner says that bugs
are not insignificant insects, as they are gen-
erally and erjoitfeously (tailed. But, sir, they
are bugs.
Now, I always supposed entomology did
refer to bugs. [Laughter.] The Commis-
sioner gives the various modes of finding these
bugs out. He tells you of the oedipoda atrox,
which I hope my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] who is now going away from my seat,
after instructing me in Latin, will be able to
explain to the House. [Laughter.] There
are various other bugs referred to. We have
the caloptenus femur-rubrum, and the calop-
tenus spretus, and the oedipoda pellucida, and
the anabrus simplex, and the udeopsylla ro-
busta, the copiophora mucronaia, and the
plutella limbipenella. [Great Laughter.]
These are for the common mind. [Laughter.]
Education forms it. Now, these reports have
been published at a great expense, and this
information is of course intended for the com-
mon people. I hope gentlemen will be able
to explain to the House what all these things
are. [Laughter.]
Let there be annotations go out with these
reports, Mr. Chairman. I would not be so
particular in this remarkable nomenclature
had we not been advised to-day by the honor-
able gentleman [Mr. Garfield] that it was
the duty of the Federal Government, by its
function of educator, to inform the common
mind. He thought we should, by Federal
authority and money diffuse knowledge among
men. I therefore boldly ask, where does he
get power to interpret to plain and honest
people the caloptenus spretus of Uhler ?
[Laughter. ] Who shall determine, by Federal
tests, the leBgth of wing of the caloptenus
femur-rcbrum ? [Laughter.] I may admit,
for sake of argument, that the learned and
fresh men from the South may tell us why the
anabrus simplex is an orthopterous insect,
but why do you invoke Federal powers to aid
in this microscopic work?
i These are recondite thoughts and illustra-
tions. We have in this agricultural book
reference made to various other recondite
things. I hope this bureau will not be dis-
couraged in its work. We have here on one
page—as you see—what seems a hydraulic
ram; and then on another, in magnificent
wood and type, the picture and description of
the merino ram "Dictator." (See page 187,)
These are put in the most extraordinary rela-
tion. [Laughter.] It is. like mixing politics
with farming. [Laughter. ]
Look all through this book. Look at the
pictures of these bugs. Look at these pictures
of the fungoid series. Here we have the
fungoid spores, found within a blighted lilac
; leaf; and the mycelium and other fungoid
forms found on the liber of a peach tree hav-
ing the "yellows." [Laughter.] Now, it is
j very evident when we send these out weought
to send out at the same time an interpretation
I of them for the benefit of the common people,
j [Laughter.] What have the people done that
they should be crucified by such public re-
; ports!
And while we are meditating about the new
j microscopic bureau, I would like to take one
more glance at the book. Where, oh! where
can I find the proportions of the " Chester
White vsow," called Mary? [Great laughter.]
Only one year old! Bring on your microscopic
bureau. Observe the length of that inquis
itive snout and the compound curl of that tail!
! [Laughter.] See the lengthening Iusciousness
! of those lacteal glands ! [Laughter.] But her
name it is Mary! Is there a man who ever
loved a Mary? [Laughter.] Let him con-
strue our beloved Constitution. Perhaps there
is some one here attached to the Constitution
and to education who will reproach me for
not mentioning the elaphidien villosum, or
the stenocorusputator of Beck. [Laughter.]
Will the Scotch member from Kentucky please
explain this melodious terminology which bears
his name? [Laughter.]
Butr, Mr. Chairman, I have only risen for
the purpose of having the House understand
the astonishing effect of these agricultural re-
ports, not only upon the people in the country,
but upon the people in the city. I acknowl-
edge that the effect is different according to
locality. I now represent a city, though by
some misapprehension in the last campaign the
people of New York State outside of our
grand metropolis voted for me to represent
them. I fell short in the country. [Laugh-
ter.] To be sure I carried that city by some
twenty-five thousand! Though I may not,
owing to misapprehensions, be with you next
Congress, [laughter,] I must refer to the effect
of these reports on the city. The effect upon
the wicked city of Philadelphia, winch acted
so badly in the late election, [lauf/'Ver,] is es-
pecially notable. I refer to it for the purpose
of calling the attention of my friend from Phil-
adelphia [Mr. Kelley] to the dreadful con-
sequences he imposes upon his constituents iu
sending these reports into the heart of Phil-
adelphia. Read very slowly, Mr. Clerk, the
extract I send up from the Suuday Dispatch
of Philadelphia, showing the direful effects of
these terrible reports.
The Clerk read (conexpressione) as follows:
"We owe our thanks to Judge Kklley for the
latest Patent Office report. Wo already have six-
teen hundred of these interesting volumes in our
little library, but they have been read and reread
so many times that we know every page of them by
heart. This new volume came opportunely and
gratefully on Christmas morning, and that night
i we gathered our little family around the fire and
I read it through to them. The affecting tale entitled
1 'Improvement in Monkey Wrenches' seemed to
! touch every heart, [laughter,] and when we came
I to the climax of the little story about ' Reversible
Pie-Boards' there was not a dry eye between the
front door and the stable. LLauphter.] During the
reading of the piteous narrative entitled ' Gum
Washers for Carnage Axles ' the whole family gave
I expression to boisterous emotion, and the hired girl
: was so much excited that she lost her presence of
mind and went around to her mother's inadvertently
with six pounds of sugar and a butter-kettle fall of
flour, and came home at midnight intoxicated.
[Laughter.] We can never sufficiently thank Judge
Kelley for the innocent enjoyment thus furnished
us. The memory of that happy evening will linger
in our minds very much longer than that hired girl
ever lingers when she lights on a lot pf substance
which she thinks will suit the constitution of her
aged parent." [Great laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
my facetious friend from the State of New
York has been edifying and amusing the com-
mittee by exhibiting a Patent Office report.
He being a city gentleman, and having no
practical acquaintance with the farming occu-
pation, or with agriculture, cannot be expected
to know anything about it, and perhaps could
not tell the difference between an agricultural
report and a Patent Office report. But, sir, 1
desire to say as a farmer, and I am proud to
be a farmer; I desire to say as a countryman,
and I am proud to say that I live in one of tlie
rural districts of Ohio—on behalf of that class
of people called farmers, I desire to say a
word in their defense. Now, I take it for
granted that when gentlemen undertake by
their remarks to disparage the Commissioner
of Agriculture, their aim is to disparage in
like manner that great industry which he rep-
resents. Yet every gentleman on this floor
ought to know the importance of that, industry ;
and indeed to those who pursue it the major-
ity of the gentlemen here are indebted for their
seats in this House.
It has been objected by my colleage—.my
kindly, my courteous colleague* [Mr. Gar
field,] for whom I have the highest regard—
that this ought not to be called a department
at'all; that it is merely a bureau. I desire to
say to the gentleman that he is not correct iu
that particular.
Mr. MAYNAIID. If the gentleman will
allow me, I may mention that during the
debate when the bill creating this Department
was under discussion, it was remarked by Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri—and I think the report
of the debate will show it—that we were cre-
ating a new Cabinet officer, and that the Pres-
ident, if he chose, could invite the head of
this Department into his Cabinet.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It has been said
that the Commissioner of Agriculture has
appointed his own son as the chief clerk. I
admit it. What of it? Are there not gentle-
men iu both Houses of Congress who are
chairmen of committees who have appointed
their own sons as clerks of those committees ?
Have we not in this city gentlemen who are
heads of Departments, members of the Cabi-
net, who have appointed their sons to be chief
clerks of their Departments? Why, then,
should you blame the Commissioner of Agri-
culture for doing the very same thing, when
