1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
the Te«uj>lars of Honor and Temperance of the
United States, taking for the prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of
intoxicating liquors as a beverage in the Terri-
tory of the United States and in the District
of Columbia.
Also, the memorial of the Washington Tem-
perance Alliance, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Mrs. M. K. Stout and
tkihora, soldiers' widows, for back pay.
Also, the petition of Robert G. Hill, for
additional bounty.
By Mr. K. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
M>ldiersand citizens of New York, for pensions
to hospital nursea.
by Mr. TOWN SEND, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of Theodore Bonsai!, Pusey Bar-
nard, E. W. Barley, B. Frank Tillum, and
UH others, asking Congress to prohibit by ap-
propriate legislation the manufacture and sale
of intoxicating liquors as a beverage among
the Indians aud inhabitants of the western
1 errilories.
tij Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Mary
J. Taunt, for a pension.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Collet &
C :irr and others, merchants of Akron, Ohio, for
the removal of taxes on State and natioual
banking institutions.
POST ROUTB BILL.
The following was introduced and referred
under the rule to the Committee on the Post
< )t!ice and Post Roads:
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A billeatab-
lUhmg a post road in the State of Ohio, from
Cherry Valley, in the county of Ashtabula, to
Chardon, in the county of Geauga.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 11, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prajer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleb, D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
OKDBR OV BUSINESS.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report a joint resolution from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, permitting Lieuten-
ant Theodore B. M. Mason, of the Navy, to
accept a decoration from the emperor of
Brazil.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. SCOFIELD, I ask the gentleman to
l«t the joint resolution be read. It is for the
benefit of a midshipman who saved the lives
of two men in the harbor of Rio. Unless it
i : passed now it may not get through the Sen-
ate this session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will let it be read.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
Lieutenant Theodore B. M. Mason to accept
a decoration of the Order of the Rose, ten-
dered to him by the emperor of Brazil as a
testimonial of the courage and humanity dis-
l>!;t)ed by said Mason in saving the lives of
i wo of his shipmates in the harbor of Rio de
Janeiro, Brazil, in February, 18C9.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have a letter from the
S  (retar) of the Navy recommending this
action.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not object, although
I think it i.s a mere matter of taste.
Mr. GETZ. I object.
M r. 11 AN DALL. Then I insist upon the
regular order of business.
i lie SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the first business is the call of
committees for reports of a private nature
only. The morning hoar begins at fourteen
minutes past twelve o'clock, and reports of a
private nature are first in order from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
HARPER'S FtRRY, VIRGINIA.
Mr. COBURN reported back from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with a recommend-
ation that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration, and that the same be
laid on the table, Senate bill No. 07, for the
relief of the purchasers of lots, and houses
and lots sold by virtue of au act of Congress
entitled "An act providing for the sale of the
lands, tenements, and water privileges belong-
ing to the United States at and near Harper s 1
Ferry, in the county of Jefferson, West Vir-
ginia," approved September 15, 1868.
The bill was laid upon the table, and the
report accompanying the same ordered to be :
printed.
SAN JOSi, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it
be laid upon the table, a bill (H. R. No. 1728)
for the relief of the former occupants of the ,
military reservation at Point Sao Jos6, in the
city and county of San Francisco.
The bill was laid upon the table, and the
report accompanying the same ordered to be
printed.
MASSACHUSETTS HEAVY ARTILLERY.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back with a similar recom-
mendation House joint resolution No. 33, for
the relief of the first battery heavy artillery
Massachusetts volunteers. ,
The joint resolution was laid upon the table,
and the report accompanying the same ordered
to be printed.
PITTSBURG, PXliNSKLTAHIA.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a trill (H. R. No. 8373) au-
thorising the Secretary of War to sell the
grounds and tenements in Pittsburg, Penn-
sylvania, now used as a United States quarter-
master's depot; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the Bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of War to sell by public auction to the
highest responsible bidder, at not less than its
appraised value, the same to be ascertained
by three officers of the Army under his direc-
tion, for one third in cash, one third in one
year, and one third in two years, with interest
from date of sale, the lands and tenements
situate in Penn street, in the city of Pittsburg,
and now used as a depot for quartermaster's
stores and recruiting offices; and requires the
Secretary of War, upon receiving the purchase
money in fall, to execute the necessary deeds
of said property to the purchaser or purchasers
thereof in behalf of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of my
colleague [Mr. Cobubh] whether the object
of this bill is to dispose of property no longer
required by the Government?
Mr. COBURN. That is all.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it intended to purchase
other property for the same use?
Mr. COBURN. Oh, no ; I understand the
property is not needed for that puiyose. There
is a general recommendation of tne Secretary
of War that various arsenals be sold. Indeed
the poli<y of the Oovemment seems to tend
toward diminishing the number of arsenals,
thus saving expense to the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire further
whether there is any general law now in force
covering into the Treasury the money that
may be obtained from the sale of these ar-
senals, or whether a special provision is neces-
sary for that purpose ?
Mr. COBURN. I suggest that there be
added to the bill a provision directing the
Secretary of War to pay the money into the
Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. And that it be covered
into the Treasury.
Mr. COBURN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. There is a general law on
this subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a general law
I do not ask that this bill be amended.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third timfe; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsieer be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JONATUAN L. MANN.
Mr. COBURN also reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with a recommend-
ation that ft pass, a bill (H. R. No. 3374) for
the relief of Jonathan L. Mann ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Adjutant General of the
United States Army to muster back Jonathan
L. Mann, chaplain of the ninth Tennessee
volunteer cavalry, to October 28, 1863 ; and
the Paymaster General is directed to pay to
Mann, out of any money appropriated or that
may be appropriated for the pay of the Army,
the full pay and emoluments of chaplain of
volunteer cavalry in the Army of the United
States from October 28, 1863, to March 24.
1866, deducting therefrom any sum received
by him for services rendered during that
period in the Army of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it.
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACKSON ROBERTS.
Mr. COBURN also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 3375) for
the relief of Jackson Roberts; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Paymaster General to
pay to Jackson Roberts, late a captain forty -
seventh regiment Kentucky volunteer cavalry,
out of any money appropriated or that may be
appropriated for the pay of the Army, the full
pay or emoluments of a captain of infantry in
the Army of the United States from August
22, 1863, to October 6, 1863, deducting there-
from any sum received by him for services
rendered during that period in the Army of
the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT GRATIOT MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. STOUGHTON, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with a
recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 119) to authorize the Secretary of War to
survey, plat, and sell the present Cemetery
grounds upon Port Gratiot military reservation
in Michigan, and for other purposes.
The bill provides that so much of the Fort
Gratiot military reservation, in the State of
Michigan, as has been heretofore granted to
the city of Port Huron for a cemetery, shall
be, upon the request of that city, duly certified
under the seal thereof, surveyed and platted
into streets, blocks, and lots, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, in conformity to
the plat of that portion of said military reser-
vation surrounding the cemetery, lately made
