THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
JJr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir..
Mr. POLAND. I suppose that all the evi-
dence that bears upon this subject has already
been pripted. The printers have been printing
the "testimony as it proceeded. Some of the
very ({tst testimony taken,'however, is not yet
primed. Bit, I believe that all the testimony
thafrh^s any bearing upon the subject which
this itfjioit.brings before the House is already
m-piiut, , I have uo doubt that both the testi-
mony- aud the report will be in print before
Friday.'
,M.i;vHOAR. Do not the Committee state
in d><Sr report that one portion of the testimony
is printed and another not printed ?
Mr. POLAND. Oh, no.
Mr. VAN THUMP. How many copies
have been printed ?
Mr. POLAND. The usual number.
Mr.-KERR. I rise merely to express Che
hope that the House will now unanimously
direct that this report be printed with the evi-
dence, as well as separately, for the use. of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempure. That motion
is now pending.
Mr. KERR. I was not aware of that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be
no objection,' the motion will be considered as
adopted. The Chair hears no objection, and
it is so ordered.
Mr. PLATT. I understand that the fixing
of a day for the consideration of this subject is
a matter to be settled by a majority of the
House; that it does not require unanimous
consent 1 hope a vote (nay be taken upon
one of the propositions before the House with
reference to the time.
Mr. POLAND. 1 move that this question
be postponed until next Tuesday after the
reading of the Journal; and on that motion I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered;-and under the
operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution
providing for a correction in the enrolled bill
(S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan & Dick-
inson, of Knoxville, Tennessee ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.,
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the concurrent resolution
of the House providing for printing seven
thousand two hundred and fifty copies of the
last report of the United States commissianer
of mining statistics.
The jnessage also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed - without amendment House
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 8309) for ,tbe relief of
George S. Gustin, late a private of company
D seventy-fourth regiment Illinois infantry
volunteers; and
An act (H. R. No. 2704) for the relief of
S. P. Jocelyn.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed House bills and resolutions of the
following titles, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 3351) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year end-
ing June 30, 18*74,tand for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 3625) to amend an act
entitled "An act governing the colored schools
in the District of Columbia;" and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 196) granting
medals to Captain Jared S. Crandall and
others.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1499) to authorize the Northr
ern Pacific Railroad Company to construct
and maintain a bridge across the St. Louis
"'In' act (S. No.' 772) for the relief of the
children of Abraham Fisher ;
An act (S. No. 1156) to define the limits of
the collection district of the Teche in the
State of Louisiana, and for other purposes ;
An aet (S. No. 1279) to fix the compensa-
tion of the deputy collector of customs at St.
Paul;
An act (S. No. 1369) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to patents and
copyrights;" approved July 8, 1870 ; and
An act (S. No. 1434) to authorize preemptors
or Settlers upon homesteads on the public land
to alienate portions of their preemptions or
homesteads for certain public purposes.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House again resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the special order.
Mr. BEATTY. I trust that the House will
take up the bill to provide for the publication
of the debates. Let that matter be settled
now.
The SPEAKER. Should the House refuse
to go into Committee of the Whole, the bill
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Beatty] will come up as unfinished business.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, it was agreed to—ayes
ninety-one, noes not counted.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Tyner in the chair,)and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other, pur-
poses.
The Clerk read the following :
For incidental expenses of the land offices, $55,040.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend that
paragraph by inserting after the word " offices"
the words "including rent."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Metropolitan police:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the
Metropolitan police for the District of Columbia,
$207,530: Provided, That a further sum, amounting
to $103,765, shall be paid to defray the expenses of
the said Metropolitan police force by the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, and the county of
Washiugton, beyond the limits of said cities, in the
District of Colombia, in the proportion correspond-
ing to the number of privates allotted severally to
said precincts: and the corporate authorities of
said cities, and proper authorities of the District of
Columbia, are hereby authorized and required to
levy a special tax, not exceeding one third of one
per cent., which shall be specially deposited once in
each week, as such collections are made, to be ap-
propriated and expended for said purpose only, for
the service of the fiscal year ending June SO. 1874:
Provided furthbr, That the annual report of the
Board of Metropolitan Police Commissioners shall
hereafter be made to the Attorney General of the
United States, who shall also be charged with the
disbursement of this appropriation.
Mr. COBURN. I make the point of order
on the proviso to that paragraph that it is new
legislation, and therefore not iu order to this
bill; that it isnew legislation, in the first place,
in reference to the Metropolitan police of the
District of Columbia, and in the second place,
in reference to the mode of taxation for the
support of that police ; and in the third place,
in reference to the report of the Board of
Metropolitan police to the Attorney General
of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The first part
of this paragraph makes the usual appropria-
tion on the part of the United States for the
maintenance of this Metropolitan police. The
first proviso is the same we have had year by
year in the regular animal appropriation bills,
distributing the expenses of the Metropolitan
police partially to the District and partially to
Congress. The second proviso is simply that
the annual report of the Board of Metropolitan
Police Commissioners shall be made to the
Department of Justice, which Department of
Justice is required to keep the statistics or
these reports of a criminal character. I hope
the gentleman from Indiana will not insist on
his point..of order. We afe authorized to legis-,
late for the District of Columbia) and therefore
this is not new legislation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH., If the first proviso
has heretofore been enacted in annual appro'
priation bills, then it is not the law for this year.
If in other bills we enacted a certain thing for
a certain year, it would not make it the law for
the next year. The question here is whether
this is new legislation. If the old legislation
has expired, then this is new legislation; but
if it has not expired, then we do not need this
provision.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is in order
upon an entirely diferent ground. These pro-
visos are limitations upon the appropriation.
In the first place, we appropriate $207,530
for salaries and other necessary expenses of
the Metropolitan police for the District of
Columbia. This appropriation by the proviso
is made, however, upon the condition that the
authorities of the District of Columbia shall
do a certain thing. Of course, we have a right
to do that. We can make an unconditional
appropriation if we choose, and if we strike
out the provisos the appropriation will be un-
conditional. We make this appropriation now
on the condition that the District does certain
things.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not strike out
the proviso that a further sum amounting to
$103,765 shall be paid ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As I have said,
the first three lines make an appropriation
from the Treasury, but we make that appro-
priation on certain conditions. It is provided
in the proviso that a further sum, amounting
to $103,765, shall be paid to defray the expenses
of the said Metropolitan police force by the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and the
county of Washington, beyond the limits ot
said cities, in the District of Columbia, m the
proportion corresponding to the number of
privates allotted severally to said precincts;
and the corporate authorities of said cities, and
proper authorities of the District of Columbia,
are hereby authorized and required to levy a
special tax, not exceeding one third of one
percent, which shall be specially deposited
once in each week, as such collections are
made, to be appropriated and expended for
said purpose only, for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874.
Now, if we strike out that proviso, then we
will pay our share and the District will pay
nothing. The provisos are limitations upon
the appropriations and are in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw my point of
order.
The Clerk read as follows :
Columbia Hospital for "Women and Lying-in
Asylum, and other charities :
For the support of the Columbia Hospital for
Women and Lying-in Asylum, over and above the
probable amount which will be received from pay
patients, $28,500.
Mr. DAWFjS. Mr. Chairman, I pffer the
following amendment to come in at the end
of that paragraph, and I will state by reso-
lution of the House it is made in order to this
appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
To aid in support of the Children's Hospital.
Washington, District of Columbia, $5,000.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to strike out the
preceding paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do .this for the purpo^*'
of calling on the committee to tell the House
