T873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
In its jffond section it provides that Alonzo
M: rsl\ he puid, from any money in the
1 r> ;ifury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
i : Wine the amount tliat would have
l'.-en due him at the date of the muster-out of
the regiment, provided he had not been wrong-
ful di.-inisseu.
1 he substitute was read, as follows:
i •f-l, ,{(•„ That the Secretary of War be,
.in.I tie i< hereby. authoriicd and directed to restore
<u>' .1 M.ir<h, I.in  * captain of company A,
• "i.nth rejiuietit Veteran Reserve corps, to his
p -it, m  s >uch captain, and grant Inai an honor-
ii'lo muster-.>ul *4 of the date on which he was
ii - ui- >,l, to wit. n M.irch 7. 1 vo.
Mr. HOLMAN'. I^et the report be read.
l he report was read, ad follows :
The C ommittee on Military Affairs, to whom was
reli rrcd .  bill ill. R. v j, restoring Captain Alonzo
J M.ir?h t i his position i:i the Army, and that he be
!i ni,ir.iM> mustered out ot the service as of the date
< t the iau<trring out ot his regiment, having had the
.-auie uii,ar oiUMderatioii. have instructed tne to
-utuiiit the following report-
Fh - "rt'eer recruited company K. forty-ninth New
\ .>rk volunteers in the month of August, 13«>1, and
t niered tnc ,-ervice as its captain, but on account of
t: - \t>111:y resigned in February, l-feU.
- ir>- f hi« men were sub?isted at the hotel of
one A 11. Loucks, in Jamestown, New York, while it
 ,i  beim; recruited, which Loucks sclaims(a«sworn
K> ?ever,il ci'iiens) amounted to the sum of sev-
■ -I hun Ired dollars. The bill was left unsettled,
in 1 s<> remained when Captain Marsh resigned. la
>1 o , Svj.ne made out this account against the
i, i err.meut and Mrwarded the same.
Sao-ciuently. to wit, in December, 1363, Captain
M ir-rt ai:.un entered the military service as captain
■ ,:upan> A. eleventh regiment Veteran Reserve
■ and in l'ecember. 1S<>4, was arrested upon the
• h ir;e of presenting a false account and attempting
• i. :raud the tiovernment. lie was incarcerated
i i a>-Old Capitol prison, where he remained until,
• i- uch fie intervention of the Governor of the
.-•ate.,; New York, he was paroled by order of the
r-e retary ot War.
1;. Keoruary, Nv>, he was put upon trial before a
'■ "-i.-t-niarn.il. 11 urine the progress of the trial, and
I' ' r- i wi'ness for the defence had been heard, it
.>1 pearing that the alleged offense was committed
v.... ii Marsh was not in the military service, the
: i l;e advocate. Burnham, suspended the trial, and
' "■ n r>'p >rted to the War Department that the woight
■ t testimony .-bowed Captain Marsh to be guilty of
cti attempt to defraud the Uovernment, and recom-
iu- r.ied his summary dismissal: and the officer wag
- li^ruissed on the 7th day of March, 1*65.
Su'j-e-iuently Captain Marsh entered complaint
..r l demanded a trial under provisions of section
ivr,\i  nt ac of Congress approved March 3, 1Si>5.
''n further examination of the case the Depart-
ment proposed to permit this officer to resign as of
ii,e d ue of dismissal. This was refused by Marsh
on • *ie alleged reason that it would bean implied
:idm,"i'jn ol his guilt.
He was again put upon trial in September, 18*36,
• Hid on the te.-tioaony of the man Loucks, who swore
trial the Government only owed him a far less sum
'nan that claimed in the account, he was found
4_-u! 11y. -> ritence l to be cashiered, and recommended
to e\ecu•>vi' clemency on theground that his pun-
i-.iment had already been sufficient. This recom-
mendation wa# subsequently withdrawn by thecourt,
t r the reason that they had been informed that
Mar-h had falsely claimed to have been imprisoned
in the old Capitol prison, and hence executive
<- leniency was not exercised.
Ii now appears that this information to thecourt-
m.irual. because of which they withdrew their rec-
ommendation ot clemency, was false, as the parole
original i« presented to the committee.
It also appears by the affidavit of claimant that
Burnham, judge advocate, proposed prior to the
trial, for a money consideration, to procure the ac-
quittal ot the defendant; also, that Loucks, upon
whose testimony Marsh was convicted, is in bad rep-
utation at his home, and, having put his property-
out of hi" hands fraudulently, is now a fugitive from
justice and his whereabouts unknown, while claim-
ant Hands in the same vicinity in unblemished
reputation.
The committee are not satisfied but that a larger
account than was justly due was presented to the
Government for payment; but if so, are satisfied
that it was done rather through the wickedness of
Loucks than that of Captain Marsh.
1- ull reparation would at least require restoration
to tin po.-ition and muster-out with pay and emolu-
ment" to Captain Mar<h as of the date of the mus-
tering ou' ot his regiment. 1
Having uniformly reported adversely to the Gov-
ernment paying any ofheer? or men when actually
not in the service, the committee are averse to
the coin[ en°ation in the bill, and therefore report
the accompanying substitute and recommend its
passage.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that, this case is a very singular case to be
brought here. This officer seems to have had
several trials before, the proper tribunals. His
case has been time and again brought, before .
h the War Department, and in every instance,
after examination and reexamination, beseems
to have been convicted. I find, sir. that the
War Department is always ready and willing
to rectify any wrong that has been committed,
and to change the record with reference to any
soldier if any injury has been done to him.
Now, after numerous appeals in reference to
the conduct of this officer, he has been con-
demned at the War Department ; and when
he has not been able to make out his case there
at all, after being heard and reheard before
that Department, and when, after bis case has
been referred to different courts-martial, he is
still convicted, it does seem to me that it is
not for this House to review the whole pro-
ceedings aud grant relief in a case which is so
surrounded with difficulty as this is.
Mr. DONNAN. 1 do not think the gentle-
man from Illinois can have attended very
closely to the reading of the report. The
original court-martial never found Captain
Marsh guilty. Before a single witness was
sworn for the defense it was discovered that
the alleged offense was committed when Cap-
tain Marsh was not in the military service,
and the judge advocate recommended the sus-
pension of the court martial, and it was done.
He then turned around and recommended
the summary dismissal of this officer by the
Department because, as he alleged, the weight
of testimony—when, as I have stated, not a
particle of testimony had been submitted by
the defense—showed that he had attempted to
defraud the Government. The court-martial
really never completed the trial of the case.
I notice that the gentleman from New York,
[M r. Sessions,] who introduced the bill and
is thoroughly acquainted with the facts of the
case, is present, and I ask the House to give
patient attention to what he may say in refer-
ence to this bill, for I firmly believe that if ever
an outrage was committed by the United States
Government, unwittingly perhaps, on a private
citizen, it has been committed in this case, and
that this Congress will not by the present bill
begin to do reparation to this injured citizen.
Mr. MOORE. I call attention to the fact
that in the report the statement is made that
this officer charged a larger sum against the
Government than he was entitled to charge,
but that it is imputable rather to the wicked-
ness of another officer than to his wickedness.
Mr. DONNAN. I again call the gentle-
man's attention to the fact that he did not
attend to the reading of the report. The re-
port shows that this man made an account
against the Government of several hundred
dollars, and one citizen swear3 that he saw the
account in his hand amounting to between four
and five hundred dollars. I will simply say
further that while the committee are not satis-
fied that a larger account was not submitted
than ought to have been, they think that if it
was done it was done through the wickedness
of another rather than of this officer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was he not finally
tried before a court-martial?
Mr. DONNAN. He was ; and we now
recommend precisely what that court-martial
recommended to the President.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That court-martial,
I believe, heard all the testimony, and con-
victed him.
Mr. DONNAN. They convicted him, but
recommended him to executive clemency, but
they afterward withdrew that recommendation
on the ground that he had not been incarcerated
in the Old Capitol prison as alleged, whereas
in the papers you will find a parol from the
Secretary of War from the Old Capitol prison,
showing that the testimony on that point before
the court-martial was falsified.
I now yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sessions.]
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, if any in-
formation is desired by any member of this
i bodyu,ide from what has been given by the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Donnan] I shall
be very happy to give it to the House. I
am satisfied, as has been said by the gentle-
man from Iowa, that a greater outrage never
was perpetrated on a private citizen in the
history of this country than in this case. The
charge against this officer was wholly based
on what now turns out to be absolute and un-
mitigated falsehood on the part of the man
upon whose testimony he was convicted.
I hope that the House will, without a dis-
senting voice, pass this bill. If it should be
necessary for me to give a detailed history of
the whole transaction from the beginning to
the conclusion of the trial by this court-martial,
I can do so, but it will occupy considerable of
the time of the House. I have given it to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and there was
not a man on that committee who listened to
the evidence until he understood the facts in
the case but was in favor of the passage of
this bill.
The man on whose testimony this officer was
convicted, as has since been proven conclu-
sively, is a perjured wretch. He has now fled
the country, and is a refugee from justice in
the State of New York, and if he could be
found by the officers of New York he would
be brought back on a requisition from the
Governor of that State and would be sen-
tenced to the State prison at Auburn. It
was upon the testimony of that person that
Captain Marsh was convicted. It has been
conclusively proven before the Committee on
Military Affairs that the evidence upon which
he was convicted is absolutely false from be-
ginning to end. There is not a Christian man
in this country nor a man of any conscience
whom I cannot convince in fifteen minutes, if
he will listsn to the evidence in this case, that
this bill ought to pass, that Captain March
ought to be reinstated in his regiment and
receive an honorable discharge. Before all
the evidence came out Judge Holt advised the
Secretary of War to reinstate Captain Marsh
and let him resign. When this privilege was
tendered to him Captain Marsh said that he
would not do it if it was an admission of his
guilt, that before he would do that he would
be crucified. He is entitled to an honorable
discharge, and I hope that this bill will be
passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MOREY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
following petitions, and that they be laid on
the table:
The petition of L. J. Plunkett, for bounty ;
The petition of Wiley C. Andrews, of com-
pany A, first Georgia volunteers, for pay and
bounty; and
The petition of Hiram D. Ruston, company
I, fourth Tennessee cavalry, for removal of
charge of desertion, and to be allowed bounty
and pay.
The recommendation of the committee was
agreed to; and the petitions were laid on the
table.
THKODORK A. TELLKAMPF.
Mr. MOREY, from the same committee,
reported back, with a substitute, House bill
No. 267G, for the relief of Theodore A. Tell-
kampf.
The substitute, which was read, provides
that the proper accounting olliccrs ol the Treas-
ury Department shall pay to Theodore A. J'ell-
kampfthe sum of $770 50 out of any appro-
priation now made or that may be hereafter
