1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
what they know about this institution. My
attention has been called to it, and I have
been informed this is not a meritorious appro-
priation. I have been informed thattbis insti-
tution is not a deserving one; and my informa-
tion comes from those who did not claim to
have personal knowledge. I therefore do not
feel warranted in making charges against the
institution. But I desire to have it made a
matter of record in the Globe what the Com-
mittee on Appropriations are able to tell us
about it, and then, if that is satisfactory, I
will withdraw my motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Last year the
Committee on Appropriations through a sub-
eommitee, visited this institution, and besides
that, heard a very full statement from its offi-
cers, and had before it their printed report of
the proceedings of the institution. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations of a former Congress
had also made a careful examination ; and it
was the unanimous opinion of the committee
last year, and the unanimous opinion of the
committee again this year, that thjs institution
which Congress had established, for which it
had purchased the ground, and which it was
maintaining by its annual appropriations, was
one of the noblest of the charities this Con-
gress has been assisting, in the District of
Columbia.
I can hardly use words strong enough to
express the earnestness of feeling of those
who know roost about the institution, con-
cerning the character of the work it is doing.
It is now under charge of a board of trustees,-
of whom the Surgeon General of the Army is
one, and the Adjutant General of the Army is
another. Two or three distinguished physi-
cians of the District are also members of the
board, aud the Supervising Architect of the
Capitol has had direction of the construction
and repairs. I have never heard, except as
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hibbakd] himself, the other day, made the
suggestion to me, of anything, alleged against
the character of the institution. Everything
I have heard, except the information com-
municated by that gentleman, was in its favor.
I have no ground for .supposing that l)is in-
formation is correct. Tf f had, I certainly
should desire to have an investigation made.
But all the consultation I have had leads me
to think that exactly the reverse of the i"form-
ation communicated to him is the truth. The
gentleman has done perfectly right in rais-
ing the question and letting the statement go
on the Globe ; and I have based my reply to
him on the best information I have been able
to get. ,
Mr. HIBBARD. If there be no gentleman
who has anything to say against the institu-
tion, I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew the amendment I
offered a short time ago, as follows :
Add to the paragraph the following:
To aid in the support of the Children s Hospital,
Washington, District of Columbia, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph was read :
For care, support, and medical treatment of
seventy-five transient paupers, medical arid surgical
patients, in some proper medical mstitution m the
citv of Washington, under a contract to be tormed
with such institution, *15,000, or so^mueh thereof as
may be necessary, under the direction of the Secre
tary of War.
Mr. SLOCUM. I offer the following amend-
meht:
Add to the paragraph as follows s .
And in aid of the charitable association known as
LitUe Sisters of the Poor, of the District of Colum-
bia, $12,000.
Mr. HALE. Is not that subject to the point
of order, that this appropriation is not war-
ranted by existing legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
make that point of order ?
Mr. HALE. I do.
Mr. KERR. Did not the House, hy a sus-
pension of the rules, give permission to have
this amendment offered?
The CHAI.RMA.N. The Chair has not been
apprised of any such action by the House.
'The Chair inquires of the gentleman from
New York [Mr^ Slocum] whether such per-
mission has, been givpn,
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not thiipk the House
has given permissipo.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman front
Maine, [Mr, Hale,] and the amendpaeijt is
not before the committee,
The Clerk read as follows i
For grading and Having the streets and footways
around the Capitol, a,nd running from Pennsylvania
avenue to B streets north and south, to the line of the
east front of the Capitol, and for improving the
grounds within that area, $125,000: Provided, That
iri the improvements of streets about the Capitol tho
Secretary of the Interior shall assess and collect the
cost of all improvements made in front of all private
property in the same proportion as charged by the
District authorities-far similar improvements.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to strike out that
paragraph, and I do it for the purpose of mak-
ing an inquiry of the Committee. on Appro-
priations. Can they inform the House how
many years it will be if this appropriation be
made before the remaining paving stones that
now lie near the west entrance to the House
side of the Capitol will be put down, and bow
many years in addition to that it will be before
a few more are provided so as to complete the
paving at the steps of the western entrance to
the House-side of the Capitol ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The work to
which the gentleman alludes applies to all
the grounds around the Capitol, and will prob-
ably be very extensive and take some time.
The Committee on Appropriations had laid be-
fore them by the Supervising Architect of the
Capitol Extension a map of the surroundings of
the Capitol, and he had divided the work to be
done into sections.
The committee concluded it was best to un-
dertake the work of completing three sections:
the grading and paving on the west front, on
the south front, and on the north front, reach-
ing up to the east line of the Capitol building.
An estimate was made to complete the paving
and grading and all the necessary work to be
done, and iu making a roadway where the
street cars now run and on the corresponding
side, thus completing the whole work up to the
line of the east front of the Capitol.
All that part of the grounds on the east side
is in a wretched condition. Gentlemen will
remember that between the Capitol and the
Baltimore depot there is a lot on which used
to stand work-shops, a- marble-shop, and all
sorts of rubbish and Mbris. All -that has been
removed; but as yet no grading or improve-
ment of that great mud-yard has been done.
We have appropriated only enough to do
that work and to complete the other work up
to the east line ot the Capitol front.
Mr. HIBBARD. My inquiry related only
to some ten square rods by the steps of the
Capitol, at the western entrance to the House.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the paragraph last read the fol-
lowing:
For alteration, extension, and refitting of Hall of
the House of Representatives, for the accommoda-
tion of the increased number of members, and the
better ventilation and lighting thereof, to be ex-
pended under the supervision of the Architect ot
the Capitol Extension, $40,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Mr. FARHSWORTH. I make the point
of order on that amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire to say. that I am authorized to report
this amendment by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and the committee
have a bill prepared, which they will report as
soon as they can report anything. It would
have been brought before the House before
this if the rules had permitted it. I have had
a consultation with the Supervising Archi-
tect, and while He does not think fchat all this
amount will be needed, yet it may be needed,
and he thinks this the cheapest and most
feasible mode of making the alteration. The
proposition is to extend the Hall to the south-
ern side of the Capitol, taking in the lobby
and the Speaker's and other rooms. That is
the only way by which we can get to the air
and the light of heaven by any alteration that
can be made in a ."jingle recess. To make any
Other alteration we "would have to abandon
this Hall for a session of Congress. This ia
the only opportunity when this matter can be
brought before the House, and I think no
point of order can lie against it, for the reason
that if is already a law to repair and refit the
Capitol.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I must insist on my
point of order, that this is uew legislation.
There is no law authorizing this appropriation
of money. I am opposed to the proposed re-
modeling of the Hall, and must insist on the
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Choir must, over-
rule the point of order, on the ground that, it
has been customary on appropriation bills
heretofore to provide for finishing and making
changes in the Capitol.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and I desire the rule
to be read on which the Chair bases his
decision, for under it we might tear down the
whole Capitol on an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman
send up the law he desires to have read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 have no law.
Mr. SARGENT, The appeal is not de-
batable.
Mr. PLATT. And I object to debate.
Mr. POTTER. Is there any law author-
izing this amendment'?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
ruled upon that point of order, and held that
the amendment iB in order. From that de-
cision the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] has taken an appeal. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of this committee
The question was taken ; arid upon a
division there were—ayes 61,. noes 20.
No further count being called for, the de-
cision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire, with-
out wishing or seeking to influence the action
of this Committee of the Whole, to call their
attention to precisely what it is now proposed
to do. I understand that the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds are in favor of
the amendment here proposed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] The
proposition was laid before the Committee on
Appropriations, but we did not. hav.e time to
consider it. Indeed our bill had been reported
to the House and was in print before this
proposition was submitted to us.
There were, however, some objections raised,
which I simply wish to state, not to argue or
to urge upon the committee. The proposition
is to take out the entire south side of this
Chamber as now constructed; to remove the
reporter's gallery and the adjoining galleries,
the Speaker's parlor and the adjoining rooms
on that side of the Hall, and to extend this
room, with its cloak-rooms, to the outside of
the buildiDg, to the outer south wall. In the
committee there were two objections suggested
in conversation on the subject, which perhaps
it may be well for gentlemen to consider.
In the first place, it was alleged that this
Hall was too large already ; that but a very
small proportion of the present members were
able to make themselves audible to their
fellow-members here or to the persons in the
galleries. Some of the best members of this
House are practically speechless so far as the
great body of the hearers iu ana about this
Hall is concerned. And if we were to increase,
to the extent proposed by this amendment,
this Hall, already too large, it would only make
