506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
made for the support of the Army, being the
amount due him from the United States for
services rendered as division surgeon of the
■western department and for traveling expenses,
said Tellkampf to receipt in full to the United
States for the above-mentioned services upon
receiving said amount.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM MOUNT.
Mr. MOREY, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be laid
ou the table, House bill No. 588 for the relief
of William Mount.
The recommendation of the committee was
agreed to, and the bill was laid on the table.
JOHN K. WILLIAMS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 3376) for the relief of Lance Ser-
geant John R. Williams, of the United States
Array ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to reimburse Lance Sergeant John
R. Williams, of the United States Army, from
any stores now on hand, clothing to the value
of $36 29, to replace that lost by him during
the fire at Chicago while endeavoring to save
the records of the recruiting rendezvous in
that place.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OP STEPHEN PHILLIPS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also, from the
same committee, reported, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 3377) for
the relief of William Phillips and others, heirs
of Stephen Phillips, deceased; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to
place upon the rolls of company K, ninth
regiment Tennessee cavalry, the name of
Stephen Phillips, to date from September
10, 1863.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM E. FRANKLIN.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also, from
the same committee, reported adversely upon
1he petition of William E. Franklin, late a
private in company C., eighth regiment Illi-
nois infautry, praying for relief; and moved
that the petition be laid on the table, and
the report ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT P. EARLEY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also, from the
same committee, reported adversely upon the
petition of Lieutenant P. Earley, of Bledsoe
-county, Tennessee, for services rendered the
United States Government; and moved that
the petition be laid on the table, and the report
ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPAIRS OF POST HOSPITALS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I am direct-
ed by the Committee on Military Affairs to
move that they be discharged from the further
consideration of a letter of the Secretary of
War relative to an appropriation for the per-
manent repair of the post hospitals of the
Army, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM G. HALPINE.
Mr. TERRY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back adversely a bill
(H. R. No. 1849) for the relief of William G.
Halpine, for losses sustained while serving in
the United States Army in 1862 and 1863 ;
and moved that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES KOCK.
Mr. TERRY also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the bill (H. It. No.
I 415) for the relief of James Rock, of Sag-
|: inaw, in the State of Michigan; and moved
i that the same be laid on the table, and the
i report ordered to be printed.
, S The motion was agreed to.
i 0. W. Z. BLACK.
. Mr. TERRY also, from the same committee,
reported back adversely the petition of G. W.
Z. Black, asking to be reimbursed for money
paid to secure exemption from draft into the
service of the United States ; aud moved that
the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES B. WILDER.
Mr. TERRY also, from the same committee,
reported adversely upon the petition of Charles
B. Wilder and accompanying letter of the Sec-
retary of War; and moved that the same be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES TRICHLER.
Mr. HAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 693) for the
relief of Charles Trichler.
The bill was read. It provides that there be
refunded to Charles Trichler, of the county of
Adams, Ohio, out of any money in the Treas-
ury of the United States not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $300, the same having
been improperly paid to the United States by
Trichler, as commutation money, on the 17th
of June, 1864.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there is a report in this
case I ask that it be read.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The testimony in the case of Charles Trichler shows
that he was a member of the eighty-fourth battalion
of the Ohio National Guards; that his company and
battalion tendered through the Governor of Ohio
their services to the United States for one hundred
days, and under an order, went to Gallipolis, Ohio, to
be mustered in; that said Charles Trichler was rej ect-
ed byUnited States surgeon Gould on acconnt of my-
opia, (nearsightedness,) certificate of discharge and
rejection signed by Captain Field.Colonel McCreight,
and said Surgeon Gould, on file. It further appears
that this man was subsequently drafted, examined,
and passed by D. Coleman, examining surgeon of the
board of enrollment, and paid the commutation of
8300. Said Surgeon Coleman swears that he is now
satisfied said Charles Trichler ought not to have
been held as a drafted man, being the worst case of
nearsightedness he ever saw. Said Charles Trichler
swears that hecannot tell a man from a woman over
ten to twenty yards, and in many instances would
not see them at all unless moving; cannot tell a
man from a horse over five to fifteen rods; much
depends upon the weather, clear or cloudy, and his
sight is the same it always has been. II. 11. Pem-
berton and James fritz have known said Trichler
many years, and testify to the same facts in regard
to vision. Dr. A. Kichards swears that he has been
the family physician of said Trichler for eighteen
years, that in his opinion ho cannot tell a man from
a woman ten and twenty yards. Lieutenant Parker
and Private Campbell swear they were members
of said battalion and were present when Surgeon
Gould rejected him, and they heard Surgeon Gould
say he (Trichler) was nearly blind.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TEXAS FORTS AND MILITARY.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1130) to provide for the purchase by the Sec-
retary of War of lands for the United States
in the State of Texas for the sites of forts and
military posts, with amendments.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War be authorized to purchase
at a fair price, to be ascertained by a board
of three officers to be appointed by him, whose
report shall be subject to the approval or rejec-
tion of the President and the confirmation
thereof by Congress, such lands in the State
of Texas as may be necessary for the use of
the United States for forts and military posts.
The report of the board shall be madethrough
the commanders of the department and mili-
tary division, and subject to their approval or
disapproval.
The amendments of the committee were
read, as follows:
Add to the first section the following:
Provided, That the contract for any one of the
said tracts of land shall not be completed nor any
of the purchase money paid until the Attorney
General of the United United States shall have
given his written opinion in favor of the validity of
the title Of said land : And provided further. That
the Legislature of Texas will, at its next session,
pa^s an act ceding exclusive jurisdiction over the
said site or sites to the United States, and forever
exempting the property from taxation.
Add the following as an additional section :
That nothing in this act shall be construed to
authorize the Secretary of War to bind the Govern-
ment of the United States to comply with any con-
tract for any of said lands, or to be held by the arbi-
tration or adjudication of any of the courts of the
State of Texas as to the price thereof and the terms
of purchase until the aforesaid board shall have
recommended the same and the President shall have
approved of said purchase and Congress shall hnvo
confirmed.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs having had under
consideration the recommendation of the Sec-
cretary of War in .relation to the purchase ot'
grounds for the sites of military posts in Texas,
have directed me to report a bill upon the
subject and recommend its passage.
The committee in making this recommenda-
tion have been influenced by the following rea-
sons, which they respectfully submit for the
consideration of the House: there are at
present the following named forts or posts in
Texas: Austin, Bliss, Brown, Clark, Conche,
Davis, Duncan, Griffin, Mcintosh, McKavitt,
Quitman, Richardson, Stockton, San Antonio,
Ringgold Barracks, Brazos Santiago. The
grounds for some of these have been leased,
and but one, Port Austin, is the property of
the United States. It is possible that posts
may be discontinued at several of the places
named, and that other places may be occupied ;
it is quite probable that for some time to come
the United States will occupy posts at some
places on the Mexican and Indian frontiers.
The Government is now paying ground rent
for several posts ; for instance, at Fort Bliss,
on the Rio Grande opposite to El Paso, a hun-
dred acres of land is rented for $2,500 a year,
at the rate of twenty-five dollars an acre annu-
ally; Fort Clark is rented at fifty dollars a
month, $600 a year; Fort Davis is rented at
the rate of $500 a year for fifty years ; Fort
Duncan at the rate of $1,560 a year ; Fort
McKavitt at $600 a year.
Steps are being taken to perfect leases for
other places. The lands at these places are
of little value till occupied by the military
authorities, when they suddenly become val-
