170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Public Printing—Mr. JBeatty.
42d Cong...,3d Sess.
It might be well to give the Postmaster Gen-
eral some discretionary power in regard to the
distribution of the volumes, for in some cases
it might be advisable to distribute certain re-
ports only so fast as they were demanded by
the people; but in this event he should be
required to keep a supply at all the county
town offices ready for delivery when called for,
so that they might always be obtained without
difficulty or delay. This authority to supply
the volumes only so fast as they were needed,
if exercised by the Postmaster General, might
save the labor and expense of transporting
through the mail documents for which there
was no demand.
It may be urged that the post offices would not
afford the necessary storage-room for these con-
gressional reports. To this I answer that in the
cities which embrace one or more congressional
districts the post office buildings are large, while
in the country, where offices are small, the
quota for an entire district would be divided
up between from four to ten counties, and the
number due each could be conveniently stored
in the post offices of the county-towns until
called for. But should any difficulty of this
sort arise, should it be found that the entire
number of documents to be sent to one post
office would occupy more space than the office
could conveniently spare, it would only be
necessary for the postmasters to request the
Postmaster General to send the documents in
smaller quantities and only so fast as they were
needed for sale. There is also gtill another
way in which any difficulty of the kind sug-
gested, might be avoided, to wit, that of print-
ing fewer documents.
It may be said that the plan of distribution
proposed would devolve more labor upon the
postmasters, and thus interfere with the prompt
discharge of their present duties. This 1 appx-e-
hend would not be the case. The postmasters
are now required to receive and distribute
these documents; and in doing this under the
present method of distribution, they are very
often compelled to hunt through and handle a
hundred volumes to find the particular one
addressed to the constituent. Under the pro-
posed arrangement the document called for
could be produced instantly and without
trouble. To take the pay therefor would be
neither more nor less trouble than to receive
the money for a postage stamp, a box of
stamped envelopes, or a money order. I
think, upon the whole, the plau of distribution
proposed would lessen the labors of the post-
masters. The postmasters would be held re-
sponsible on their official bond for the faithful
performance of all duties required of them ;
but, lor and in consideration of this increased
responsibility, they would be allowed such
additional compensation as the increased re-
ceipts of their offices, resulting from the sale
of public documents, would entitle them to
under existing law and they would therefore
not only take kindly to the new arrangement,
but would become zealous and efficient agents
in the work of disseminating these Govern-
ment reports.
It may be said that a proposition on the part
of the Government to sell and receive pay for
public documents is undignified and unprece-
dented. This is a mistake. The Govern-
ment will not lose in any degree the respect
and confidence of sensible men when it does
that which is just and right, and when, in
short, it treats all men alike, and does not
permit those occupying positions of power and
influence to use the property of the whole peo-
ple for the purpose of complimenting, educat-
ing, or benefiting their personal and political
friends, to the exclusion or neglect of others
equally deserving. As regards precedent, I
need only remind the House that Great Britain
puts a price on her parliamentary papers and
sells them to whomsoever may see fit to buy.
So long ago as 1835, after a thorough and ex-
haustive investigation of the subject of public
printing by a select committee composed of
the most eminent members of the House of
Commons, the conclusion was reached "that
the parliamentary papers and reports printed
for the use of the House should be rendered
accessible to the public by purchase at the
lowest price they can be furnished, and that a
sufficient number of extra copies should be
printed for that purpose." Since then, as I
understand, all parliamentary reports at all
likely to interest the people have been printed
in such quantities as would be likely to satisfy
the popular demand, and sold at prices that
would in part, if not entirely, reimburse the
Government for the expense of publication.
I think the plan proposed would be emi-
nently satisfactory to the people. I represent
an agricultural district, and know something
of practical farming. I speak, therefore, as a
farmer and for the farmers when I say that
they do not want other people to buy books
for them. They are abundantly able to pay
for what they get, and will do so very cheer-
fully. All they demand at the hands of the
Government is that they be not required to
bear more than their fair proportion of the
public burden, and any proposition looking
to a reduction of the national expenditures
will be regarded by them with pleasure.
The report on agriculture is one of the best
books published fordistribution. It would be
at least well to ascertain whether we cannot
secure a larger and better circulation for it than
it has ever yet had, without expense to the
Government. I think we can. Out of the
six or eight million farmers in the country,
there are at least half a million who will glad ly
purchase the report at what it costs to publish
it, and the very persons will then get the
volumes who will be most likely to adopt the
improvements suggested. Of the six or eight
million farmers, can we now say what two hun-
dred and fifty tbousaud will be most interested
in and most benefited by these reports? Im-
possible. There is but one way in which wo
can ascertain this fact, and that is by placing
the volumes within the reach of all, and allow-
ing those to buy who want them. I propose,
therefore, to give them all a fair and equal
chance to get the reports. That the method
suggested would put the documents in proper
hands, I have no doubt.
The best test of an individual's interest in
any subject is the amount of labor and money
he is willing to expend on account of it. What
he buys and pays for he will read with care
and profit. No farmer is so poor that he can-
not pay fifty cents for one of these large vol-
umes. If the reports are as valuable as gen-
tlemen think, if the demand for them is so
great, they will be bought and paid for, and
they will be bought by those who will appre-
ciate them and make them useful to others.
We cannot make a man a farmer by giv-
ing him a report on agriculture. To be bene-
fited by these books he must have a farm ; he
must be so situated that he can put into opera-
tion the suggestions contained in them; he
must be willing to expend his money and then
wait with patience for a favorable season to
bring it back again; he must be interested in the
subject, have a taste for the business, and in
that event he will not only prosecute it success-
fully but will pay fifty cents very cheerfully for
the mass of information contained in one of
these reports of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture. His example and his success will stimu-
late others. On the other hand, if you put the
book in the hands of one who is not heartily
interested in the subject, or who is not pre-
pared to carry out its suggestions intelligently
and fairly, the failure sure to attend his efforts
will discourage and deter others, and so retard
the work we all so much desire to advance.
The same may be said with regard to the
report of the Commissioner of Education.
There are probably over two hundred thou-
sand common schools in the United States,
and of course just as many teachers. Each
common school has three directors, in all six
hundred thousand directors. There are thirty-
six State superintendents of education, three
thousand county superintendents, thirty-two
hundred town superintendents, eighteen hun-,
dren city superintendents, one thousand per-
sons in charge of academies, one thousand
college professors, six thousand editors, prob-
ably ten thousand authors and writers for the
press, and two hundred thousand persons pre-
paring themselves for teachers; making in all
over one million whose special object it should
be to inform themselves with reference to the
sutaect of education/
Can we say what ten, twenty, or fifty thou-
sand of the million will be most benefited by
or most interested in the report of the Com-
missioner of Education 1 It is utterly impos-
sible for us to do so. Let us, then, give all a
fair and equal opportunity to get the volumes,
by offering them to all at what it costs the
Government to publish them. There is no
teacher, no editor, no man, in fact, who is not
able to pay fifty cents for a report of this size;
and if it is worth publishing at all, those inter-
ested in the subject will very cheerfully buy it,
and those not interested would never read the
report if you gave it to them. It is folly to
waste money any longer in scattering these
public documents in the unsystematic and un-
certain way we have been doing. You might
as well undertake to benefit the poor by an
indiscriminate distribution of bank notes as to
hope to benefit the teacher by an indiscrim-
inate distribution of these reports.
While we are undoubtedly distributing some
valuable documents, it is evident that we are
printing and scattering broadcast many others
that are utterly worthless. We have appar-
ently forgotten the original object and pur-
pose of all official reports, which was to fur-
nish the information necessary to enable Con-
gress to legislate intelligently with respect to
the particular subjects on which the reports
are made, and have come to regard these re-
ports as absolutely necessary to those only who,
in a majority of cases at least, can put them to
no practical use. We do not read them. It
would be utterly impossible for us to do so, but
we insist that they shall be printed in large
numbers and sent to our constituents, who, in
most cases, have even less time to waste on
such documents than members of Congress.
I was incidentally informed by a country mer-
chant last summer that he had in his loft over
a hundred volumes of public documents, which
he had bought in bundles of paper rags at two
or three cents per pound; and upon inquiry
among other merchants I found that they ob-
tained more or less in the same way. This fact
proves either that we print many documents
not wanted by the people, or that in very many
instances they do not, under the present mode
of distribution, reach the proper persons. Put
a price on these reports and you will very soon
ascertain what value is placed upon them by
the public. Limited numbers of certain re-
ports will, I have no doubt, find ready sale,
and fall into appreciative hands, while certain
others, costing in the aggregate large sums of
money annually, will be rejected as utterly
worthless, and the result will be that these pub-
lications will be discontinued, and an immense
sum of money saved to the Treasury.
The privilege we exercise of publishing docu-
ments for gratuitous distribution is based
ostensibly upon the assumption that we desire
to benefit the people, and know better than
they do what they need. This assumption is
made up of two falsehoods: first, it is false
to suppose that we are better judges of the
