1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
broken by those indentations in the ceiling,
causing the difficulty which every gentleman
has in making himself heard.
But, sir, I think the amendment should pre-
vail, because it is carefully guarded. If the
appropriation proposed to be made is made,
not a dollar of it will be expended until the
House decides upon the plan of the alteration.
Until some decision is made by the House in
regard to what shall be done in this matter,
not one dollar can be taken out of the Treasury.
With the Committee of the House on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and with the special
committee appointed by the House to take this
subject into consideration, of which thegentle-
raan from Massachusetts is chairman, 1 hope
the amendment will be adopted so that all
expenditure under it maybe regulated by such
action as may be desired.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his amendment, and I will
renew it.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I renew it.
Mr. Chairman, when the question arose
during the last session as to what should be
the number of Representatives under the
new apportionment, I insisted it should be no
greater than it is now, as the addition of the
new members would render the House much
less of a deliberate body than it is even at
present.
When I came to this House, Mr. Speaker,
at the beginning of the Forty-First Congress, a
number of the southern States were in whole
or part unrepresented, and the number of
gentlemen in the House was not much over if
above two hundred. And then the order in
the House and the facility of hearing and
making yourself heard were noticeably greater
than they have been since the addition of the
gentlemen from the South who came in subse-
quently and after all the seats became full.
For myself, in view of the present confusion,
I look forward with dread to the condition of
things which must exist when three hundred
gentlemen will be assembled here, if the
Hall for them is to be made as much larger
than it is now as our numbers are to be in-
creased. At every session there will come
under discussion questions of the highest im-
portance, becoming each year as the country
increases in wealth and influence more im-
portant, requiring for their settlement, not
passion, not excitement, but deliberate and
careful judgment, and one must ne'eds there-
fore-look forward with apprehension to the
result if we are to make a larger Hall than
this in which to spread out this greater number
of men.
I did think, Mr. Chairman, when I first
came here that this Hall should be carried out
to the extremity of the southern wing that we
might get in light and air from the south, but,
since the exhausting apparatus has been intro-
duced, I have found that the air, which was
intolerable before, has been vastly improved.
And I know of no other Hall, in which so
large a number of people are assembled, in
which the air is better on the whole than it is
in this House of "Representatives, so far at
least as we who sit on the floor arc con-
cerned. And, if any change is made, I trust
it will be made in a rearrangement within the
limits of the present Hall. Members who
sit in the wings of this Hall do not hear now,
and because they cannot hear they become
indifferent to what is going on, and increase
this confusion, and this a better arrangement
of seats would change. Gentlemen who are
fitted to influence a deliberative body have little
chance in this House, while those suited to a
state of agitation have most control, and that
certainly is not the state of things favorable
to wise legislation, and one a better arrange-
ment of seats would do much to remedy.
Mr. BIRD. I rise to a question of order.
I have been unable to hear the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Potter;] and wish he would
speak louder. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The committee will
please come to order.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-
man, I partly agree and partly disagree with
what has been said in the debate on this propo-
sition.
A Member. By whom ?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I do not
know that there is any gentleman who has
spoken with whom I agree precisely. But
there is one article in my creed which I wish
to emphasize. I do believe that this is the
foulest Hall in which any deliberative body ever
undertook to sit day after day. And I wish
here as a new member—for the old members
may not feel it, having become so much accus-
tomed to it—I wish, as a new member, to say
that it is not creditable to an intelligent body
of men to sit here month after month in this
foul air.
I have read much of the wonderful science
and ingenuity displayed in ventilating this
House. But I hesitate not to say, that never
was anything more stupidly done, and I hold
myself responsible to prove that statement
before any tribunal. It is exceedingly dis-
creditable to us. Let any man step out into
the fresh air for ten minutes, and then come
back into this Hall, and if his lungs and nasal
organs are as nature gave them he will be
half sickened on coming in here again.
The proposition is to appropriate $40,000
for alterations of the Hall. I do not care
what the particular alteration may be; but I
insist that this shall be attended to in any plan
which may be adopted, that there shall be
better ventilation. I have myself serious
doubts whether you will ever get the good air
you ought to have unless you let the sun
strike right in, as it should. I do not like to
live in this conservatory, this hot-house place.
As to the size of the Hall, I think it is abund-
antly large. If you extend it to the south,
then let the northern walls be brought south-
ward , and the galleries decreased. I like to have
the people brought here, and would make
every possible provision for their accommoda-
tion. But our first object is to meet the wants
of this House as a deliberative body, and, as
regards that object, the Hall, I think, should
not be enlarged. The Half, so far as size is
concerned, is large enough. Seats could be
so arranged that a thousand men could sit and
deliberate here.
The House of Commons, in England, has
been referred to, but there was a slight mistake
in the reference which was made to that body.
The members of the House of Commons num-
ber about six hundred and fifty; but there are
seats for only four hundred. Their hall is too
small; ours is abundantly large on the floor,
and perhaps too large in the galleries. I want
to close by emphasizing that I think we ought
to get some one to attend to this work who
knows enough to ventilate the Hall.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan
imous consent that debate be closed on the
pending paragraph.
Mr. BIRD. Since it seems to be admitted
on all sides that we are sitting in a very
dangerous atmosphere, I hope the committee
will rise and the House adjourn. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The question was put on Mr. Bird's motion;
and on a division there were—ayes 62, noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Tyner
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
3921) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
criminal statistics.
Mr. DAWES. I ask Unanimous consent to
report from the Committee of Ways and
Means, for action now, a bill for the collection
of criminal and penitentiary statistics in the
States and Territories of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
united states courts in arkansas.
Mr. HANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4001) regulating the
holding of United States circuit and district
courts in the State of Arkansas; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed,
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report a small bill from the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object, and call for
the regular order of business.
leave to print.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
Mr. Packard to print in the Globe some re-
marks on the bill to encourage and promote
telegraphic communication between America
and Asia. [See Appendix.]
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
Mr. Vadghan to print in the Globe some re-
marks on the cotton tax. [See Appendix.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
Mr. Kerr to print in the Globe some remarks
on the cotton tax. [See Appendix.]
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
Mr. Chipman to print in the Globe some
remarks with regard to the duty of Congress
to complete the Washington monument. [See
Appendix. ]
leave of absence.
Mr. McNEELY asked and obtained leave
of absence until March 2.
Mr. PENDLETON asked and obtained
leave of absence for three days, from the 17th
of February.
By unanimous consent, an extension of his
leave of absence for ten days was granted to
Mr. snap p.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of the gunboats Kineo and
Chocura on a claim of salvage.
On motion of Mr. DUELL, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Captain Simeon Sampson.
On motion of Mr. PACKARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of J. H. Stailey.
On motion of Mr. WOOD, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Ellen J. Brosman.
On motion of Mr. CHIPMAN, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the cases of Ellen J. Brosman, M.
S. Duekett, and John Holroyd.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of William E. Franklin, late a private
in the eighth Illinois infantry.
On motion of Mr. WILLARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of S. P. Jocelyn.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the Committee on
Patents of the papers in the case of Samuel
A. Knox.
On motion of Mr. SHOBER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
