1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
u.u>io and their owners exact high rents.
Some nt' those posts are in u wild, unsettled,
and liiiren country, and could not be occu- 1
p.ed on' lor tlie presence of our military
11uve>, and deri\e their entire value tVoin
Ci,-> t'.iei
1 In- St.i:e of l'evas holds by the act of an-
nexation the '.ale toall the public lands within
u.- border* and the General Government can
only ai qir.ro by purchase sites tor military
po*!-. In }his respect these lauds differ from
oilier unoccupied public lands wluch the Gov-
ernment holds by reservation for military pur-
ples.
I he laws of Texas provide that the I'nited
Suites mav secure the title to these lands in all
i ases except one, and that is where the land
-o used lies in an unorganised county and is
owned by a cui/.en.
1 he uultiar, commanders unite in recom-
lut-ndiiig the purchase of the sites for these
poits. General Hcyuolds, commanding the
defiartmcut, strongly urges its propriety, and is
iiidoi>i-d by Getieial Sherman.
In \ irw ot the lai i that land can now be
purchased al a cheap rate for the permanent
location of military posts, and that such posts
wul have to be maintained for an indefinite
tune in the future, your committee recom-
mend tin- passage of the oceompanyiug bill.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; und being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBL'RN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKDKK OP BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
th-- rules be suspended, and that the House
)iw- itself intu Committee of the Whole on
•he -t.ue of the Fni.in on the special order,
lU- !• _'i-!ative, executive, and judicial appro-
j nation bill.
Mr. COBURN. Before we go into Com-
mii'.i . I desire to make a request of the
11.,!!-,'. There are several matters before the
Committee on Military Affairs, both of a pub-
lic rind private character, to which they have
■ It v.red considerable attention. I can say
i .r the committee that we have been working
assiduously, and we desire to report some of
the-e matters to the House. We would be
glad to have a day or an evening assigned to
us for that purpose. Unless this is done, we
will not have an opportunity of bringing that
business before the House, as our committee
will not probably be called again during this
se-.-ioii. I have no doubt that it would be for
th>- public good to have these matters acted
upon promptly.
The SPEAKER. What day doe< the gen-
tleman desire to have assigned to his commit-
tee
Mr. COBL'RN. I would suggest the 2'Jth
of January.
Mr. ARCHER. Would it not be bettei to
11fiiiie some evening?
Mr COBCRN. I would say, then, the even-
in.' of the 2'^th of January.
.">1 r. HOLMAN. I think the period in the
'(• ion ha- not yi tquite arrived wiien we should
be a-Mu'riin^ business to evening sessions.
Mr. Moo UK. I desire to say this, that
nil!.--- privilege:- ot this nature can be granted
to all the various committees, I think it is use-
h-s- to extend such a favor to one. I would
suggest also that bills which may be presented
and acted upon at that late stage of the exist-
ence ot Congress are not likely to reach the
Senate in time to be acted upon during this
Congress.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois object to the request of the Senator
from Indiana''
Mr MOURE, i do.
NEW YORK POST OFFICE BUILDING.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution for
consideration at this time:
AVvn/r, J. That the Secretary of the Treasury bo,
anil he is hereby, requested to inform this House why-
work has been suspended on the new post office
building in the eit> of New York, thus depriving of
employment during the winter months a large num-
ber of woikiuen; and that, if not incompatible with
the public interests, the Secretary be requested to
order the resumption of --aid work at the earliest
moment possible.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will strike out the words " thus depriving of
employment during the winter months a large
number of workmen." T think that, is an
imputation which had better not be made.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. [ will strike out.
those words, and I substitute also the word
'"direct" for the word ''request."
The resolution as thus modiiied was agreed to.
STATUE OF MAJOR tiKNKItAL THOMAS.
Mr. DODDS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of a committee of the Society
of the Army of the Cumberland in reference
to the donation of bronze for an equestrian
statue to Major General Thomas ; which was j
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, |
and ordered to be printed. j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani- 1
nious consent that that memorial may be printed
in the Globe. It is a matter of great interest
to the Society of the Army of the Cumberland.
There was no objection; and it was so ordered.
The memorial is as follows:
T" the Scuttle and House of JleprevHitntives
of the United States : '
Your memorialists beg leave to represent that at j
the annual meeting of the Society of the Army of .
the Cumberland, held at Dayton, Ohio, in Novem-
ber last, the following resolution was unanimously |
adopted: j
"Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed j
to memorialiie Congress tor a donation of bronze |
for the ereetion of a monument to the memory of ]
General Thomas." ]
The undersigned were appointed such committee,
and beg leave to state that tho Society of the Army
ot the Cumberland was formed at the close of the I
war: indeed it was partly organized at Nashville,
under the super vision of General George 11. Thomas, j
during the summer immediately following the sur-
render of Lee. The objects of this society are to |
perpetuate the fraternal feeling which so closely
cemented the members of the army of the Cum-
berland during the famous struggle in which it
bore so conspicuous a part. Since its formation j
it has held annual reunions, and has maintained a
permanent organization. General Thomas was its
president during his lifetime. Since then General
Rosecranz has served one year: and at this time Lieu-
tenant General Sheridan is the president. Shortly
after the death of General Thomas steps were taken
by the society to erect at some point in tho United
Stales a monument to his memory, and at the last
meeting, after a protracted discussion, the city of
Washington was selected. One year ago a commit-
tee was appointed of onefroin each State with power
to select sub-committees in each county of the in-
terior country to raise money for the proposed object.
At our last meeting it was ascertained that some-
thing less than tlO.IJOU had already been raised, and
it w.i-' agreed at that meeting that on the 3Uth of
May next, at the anniversary of decoration day, a
combined movement should be made throughout the
United States to rai^e money for this purpose. But
itwas also deemed necessary to solicit from Congress
a donation of discarded and unserviceable caunon
to be used in the construction of the monument, and
the undersigned are charged with the duty of solicit-
ing such donation.
We find, on arriving here, that House resolution
No. .4)2, accompanied by a bill introduced by Mr.
MtYN mr>, of Tennessee, has already been presented
in the House of Representatives, read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. We
respectfully ask that the bill may be so amended as
t.  provide for the donation of eighty-eight pieces
of cannon, in additon to such sum of money as Con-
gress shall see fit to appropriate. We offer our me-
morial in support of the memorial presented by Mr.
May.naku, and in support of the passage of his bill.
We understand the object of that bill is to make a
donation, to be used under such restrictions as Con-
gress may see fit to place around it, to aid the Society
oi the Army of the Cumberland in the enterprise
already heretofore designated. There is already in
existence a committee, consisting of Generals Whip-
ple, Davis, Brown, Price, and Colonel Dulfield,
charged with the duty of agreeing upon a design
and selecting a particular location in this city where
this monument shall be placed. And we desire espe-
cially to state that the three committees are cooper-
ating together for a common purpose, and that there
is no difference of opinion about what ought to be
done existing among tliem.
The donation of cannon here asked for will not
greatly exceed in amount the material actually re-
quired for the proposed equestrian statue, including
t ho surrounding figures; and we call attention to tho
fact that in one battle whero General Thomas com-
manded nearly as many pieces of cannon were cap-
tured from the rebels as are here asked lor. Wi>
refer to tho battlo of Nashvillo, where the army of
the Cumberland captured sixty-three brass cannon.
It is designed to make this memorial national ut
its character. The committee in charge of the so-
loction of tho design are gentlemen of the highest
qualification for the duty assigned them, and will
avail themselves of the very best talent which they
can control to construct tho monument, and will
make it worthy of the beautiful city in which it is
to be loeated, tho grandeur of the nation which will
contribute to its erection, and to the purity and
nobleness of tho great man in whoso honor it is to
be erected.
It is designed to cxpond at least $5U,00<) in money,
in addition to the donation ot bronze here asked
for; and we respectfully represent that, while Con-
gress has been liberal in donations to enterprises of
this kind in honor of other fallen heroes, it has never
been solicited to aid an enterprise for the success of
which the American people led more and deeper
interest than tho commemoration of tho chivalry
and patriotism and virtues of George li. Thomas.
We respectfully call the attention ot Congress to
tho fact whether it is necessary or not to have an
act of Congress authorizing the erection ot this
monument upon some of the public sqares of the
city. If so, we desire that the bill of Mr. Maynaro
may be so amended as to confer that authority. We
respectfully suggest that any money that Congress
may appropriate may be placed under the control and
direction of the Secretary of tho interior, to be paid
by him to the committee of the Society of the Army
of the Cumberland, undor such rules and restric
tions as to him may seem proper.
We beg to call special attention to the fact that it
is aid we ask tor, and not a monument to be built by
Congress or a committee of Congress; but we are
entirely willing that the appropriation shall be con-
trolled by a committee of Congress, and by such
regulations and restrictions as are deemed best to
secure tho faithful administration of the trust.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
C. H. GROSVENOR, Ohio.
CHARLES CRUFT, Indiana.
JAMES BARNETT, Ohio.
j. A.GARFIELD, Ohio.
NEW POST IIOAD.
Mr. HIBBARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3;57S) to establish
a post road from Milton Milla to Home's
Mills in New Hampshire; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill be now put upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HIBBARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I have a bill of the
same kind, to establish certain post roads in
Kentucky, which will not occupy a moment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, f must object.
This can go into the general bill. I have
offered one of these bills myself, which I should
like to have passed; but I think all such bills
should go through the regular course.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky, that unless
there is some special exigency in this case, he
will secure his object by having it reported in
a general bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Any gentlemen who
desire to have new post roads established can
hand their bills to the clerk of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and they will
be attended to.
LKAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. St. JOHN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for five days.
Mr. BRAXTON obtained leave of absence
for two days.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. DUBOSE obtained leave, by unani-
mous consent, to have printed in the Globe
some remarks he had prepared on the sub-
ject of connecting the waters of the Missis-
sippi river by canal, through the States of
Alabama and Georgia, with the Atlantic ocean.
[See Appendix.]
