1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Bear Admiral Wilkes.
And then, on motion of Mr. BURCHARD,
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.,j
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK, of Kentucky: The petition
and accompanying papers of Strother E. Har-
low, of Harrodsburg, Mercer county, Ken-
tucky, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The
petition of Charles M. Piper, prating for a
pension.
By Mr. CLARKE: A petition in favor of
payment of claims for French spoliations prior
to 1800.
Also, the petition of members of the bar of
Wayne county, New York, in favor of in-
creasing the salary of the justices of the
Supreme Court, and of the circuit and dis-
trict judges.
By Mr. COTTON : The petition of George
C. Deming, publisher of Jackson Leader, at
Bellevue, Iowa, in relation to postal laws.
Also, the petition of S. H. Bauman, pub-
lisher of Hawkeye, at Mount Vernon, Iowa,
on same subject.
My Mr. COX : The petition of C. A. Leach
and others, as to French spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of George C. Jenks as to
patent.
By Mr. HANDLEY : The memorial of Mrs.
Louisa Kitchens, widow of Ransome Kitchens,
deceased, soldier of the war of. 1812, praying
an amendment to the act passed Congress
February 14, 1872, so as to give pensions to
widows of soldiers of the war of 1812 who
married subsequent to the war.
By Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey: The
petition of a large number of the inhabitants
of Vineland, New Jersey, in favor of a large
increase of money order facilities.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Hege-
man & Co., and others, praying the removal
of stamp duties under schedule C.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of John B.
Syphax, of Arlington, Virginia, setting forth
that on the 5th of last November the peti-
tioner was duly elected on the Republican
ticket clerk of the circuit and county courts
of Alexandria county, Virginia, and that he
qualified as such by entering into bond and
complying in all respects with the provisions
of the law in such cases made and provided.
That in consequence of David M. Hunter, who
was the petitioner's predecessor in said office,
and the present incumbent locking the doors
and denying entrance to the petitioner, it was
with great difficulty that he could get posses-
sion of the office. That after access was ob-
tained it was evident that obstructions had
been put in his way to embarrass the petitioner
in the exercise of his official functions, and
having in the face of intimidation and injustice
placed himself in a position to discharge the
duties of the office, the county judge, R. H.
Crockerville, in open violation of law, and in
utterdefiance of the will of the people, removed
the petitioner from said office on account of his
color,and appointed thereto Daniel M. Hunter,
his defeated Democratic opponent in the elec-
tion , thereby depriving the petitioner of sacred
&uarantee(i by the Constitution of the
United States. Ihe petitioner therefore prays
Congress to protect him and his race, by appro-
pnate legislation, from discrimination and
oppression on account of color, and to secure
in fact, their right to serve as jurors, which is
now almost wholly denied them throughout
Virginia, by reason of color, thus rendering an
impartial trial by jury very improbable and
scarcely possible.
By. Mr. SWANN : The memorial of Marine
Insurance companies, of Baltimore, Mary-
land, against exclusion from participation in
the award by the Geneva tribunal.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of
Franklin Williams and others, weighers at
the Boston custom-house.
post-route bills.
The following bills were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Offices and Post Roads :
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee : A bill to
establish a post road in Tennessee.
By Mr. WALDE'N: A bill for a mail route
from Colfax to Prairie City, Iowa.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 19, 1873.
Prayer by Chaplain of the House of Repre-
sentatives, Rev. J. G. Bijti.ee.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan, presented the
memorial of A. McMillan, editor of the Dex-
ter Leader, of Washtenaw, county, Michigan,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of
Messrs. Crosse & Hansen, publishers of the
Fairburg Gazette, of Jefferson county, Ne-
braska, remonstrating against the passage of
the bill before Congress regulating the post-
age on printed matter ; which ' was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of J.
C. & A. E. Thompson, the memorial of Henry
Harris, and the memorial of F. W. Sackett,
publishers of newspapers in Wisconsin, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill before
Congress regulating the postage on printed
matter; which were referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, asking an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the Red River of
the North; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, relating to cheap trans-
portation from the interior to the Atlantic
seaboard; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, asking that preemptors
of the public lands have additional time within
which to pay for them ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for a prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bever-
age within the United States Territories and
the District of Columbia ; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. KELLY presented a memorial of the
common council of the city of Walla-Walla,
in Washington Territory, asking Congress not
to pass the bill (H. R. No. 1501) to disapprove
of certain legislation in the Territory of Wash-
ington ; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
reports of committees. .
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3709) granting rights of way to
railroad companies in the several Territories,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the Committe on the Pacific
Railroad, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1537) supplemental to an act entitled "An. act
to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company, and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1871-, reported it with amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3947) to amend an act entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870, reported it
without amendment.
„■ Mr. TIPTON, from the Commmittee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1414) for the relief of Peter Fowlie,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Samuel
Jameson, of New Orleans, praying compensa-
tion for property taken possession of by order
of Major General Butler while commanding
the military forces at New Orleans, have had
the same under consideration, and ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial. The memorialist desires to
withdraw his papers, and I ask that an order
may be entered accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
will be discharged, and leave granted to the
petitioner to withdraw the papers, if there be
no objection.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of the
Franklin Institute of Pennsylvania, praying
compensation to Anna E. Peale, 'on account
of the benefits derived by the United States
from the discoveries, inventions, and improve-
ments in the processes and machinery used in
the Mint of the United States by her father,
Franklin Peale, have had the same under con-
sideration, and have come to the conclusion to
recommend the passage of a bill which the
House have acted upon and sent to the Senate
for the relief of Anna E. Peale, giving her
the sumt of $10,000. Accordingly, the com
mittee ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial, and they have
acted upon the bill (H. R. No. 3877) for the
relief of Anna B. Peale, and have instructed
me to report that bill back to the Senate with-
out amendment, and to recommend its passage.
There is a report in the case embodying the
report of the House committee, which I ask
may be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 3923) to authorize
the President of the United States to negotiate
with the Creek Indians for a cession of a por-
tion of their reservation, to report it without
amendment, and to ask that it be placed on
the Calendar. I believe there is a similar
Senate bill on the Calendar, and, if so, that
can be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When it is
reached on the Calendar it can be indefinitely
postponed. Tt will remain on the Calendar
for the present.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1496) to amend the act entitled "An
act to establish and protect national ceme-
teries," approved February 22, 1867, and the
act amendatory thereof, approved June 8,1872,
reported it without amendment; and, on his
motion, it wag referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
disabilities of william smith.
Mr. LEWIS. I am directed by the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities, to whom was referred the bill (H 11.
No. 3954) to relieve William Smith, of Fau-
quier county, Virginia, of his political disabil
Hies, to report it back without amendment :
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Sen
ate to consider the bill at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
