508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1],
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order,
it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resamed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1874,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the amendment offered last evening by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith,] to
insert after the clause "to pay judgments of
the Court of Claims, $400,000" the following
proviso:
Provided, however. Thatno judgment rendered by
said court under the act of Congress, approved
March 12,1863, entitled "An act to provide for the
collection of abandoned property, and for the pre-
vention of fraud in insurrectionary districts within
the United States" for the proceeds of property
seised prior to June 30,1865, shall be paid out of this
appropriation, nor shall any such judgment be paid
unless a special appropriation therefor be made by
Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the cour-
tesy of the committee to allow me ten minntes
in which to answer the criticisms made yester-
day by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Smith,] to whom the committee granted
fifteen minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
proceed until he is called to order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call the
attention of the Committee of the Whole to
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York, and then his remarks in support
of it. There are two points in the amendment,
one a restricting clause relating wholly to a
class of cases not in the appropriation, and
therefore wholly useless; and the other, the
last clause of the amendment, proposing a
radical change of a statute. I could have
tnade the point of order and ruled the latter
clause out, but I did not desire to do so, as it
appeared that the gentleman from New York
had something to say which the House ought
to know, and I was desirous to put no obstacle
in the way of the fullest statement. As to the
speech itself, I confess to being a little sur-
prised now, as I was at the time of the delivery
of his speech, and it took me some time fnlly
to understand the points of the gentleman's
supposed discovery.
There were three points in the gentleman's
speech to which I will refer. The first was a
declaration that the Secretary of the Treasury
or the Treasury Department has paid more
than $1,225,000 to satisfy judgments of the
Court of Claims, when only the sum of
$500,000 was warranted to be paid by appro-
priation laws; that he had exceeded by some-
where near $1,000,000 the authority of the law.
In two places in the speech, as reported in
the Globe, I find this distinct declaration from
the gentleman that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury_ has been during the past year directly and
plainly overstepping the boundaries of the law.
I assure the committee there is nothing what-
ever in this allegation. There was appropri-
ated last year in the annual appropriation Dill
the sum of $500,000 to pay all ordinary judg-
ments of the Court of Claims. That appropri-
ation reaches to all cases of debts found due
against the United States, and all judgments
awarded by the court, except one class,
namely, the captured and abandoned property
claims. But first let me dispose of the ques-
tion raised yesterday, whether any judgment
of the court can be paid without an appropri-
ation by Congress. I read from the fourteenth
section of the act of March 3, 1863, "that no
money shall be paid out of the Treasury in pay-
ment of any judgment of the Court of Claims
except upon appropriations by Congress."
That is in general terms, and applies to all
the ordinary appropriations required to satisfy
judgments of the Court of Claims. By the
act approved March 3, 1863, relating to the
management of captured and abandoned prop-
erty, authorizing the seizure of certain classes
of property in the Sooth, especially cotton,
the officers of the Government were empowered
to proceed, find, seize, and sell such property,
and when they sold it to pay all the expenses
of the seizure and sale out of the proceeds,
and whatever is left, the net proceeds of that
cotton was to be held until the man who
owned the cotton, if any there were, could
come and make claim that he was the rightful
owner of it, and that it did not belong to
the confederate government. Whenever such
claimants had made their claims good by an
appeal to the Court of Claims, to which they
were admitted, and whose jurisdiction was ex-
tended to such cases until the close of the rebel-
lion and for two years thereafter, all the judg-
ments thus awarded were to be paid by the
Secretary of the Treasury under the provisions
of the third section of this act, which was in
the nature of a continuing permanent appro-
priation, to be operative when the awards of
the court were made.
Turning to the book of estimates, I find on
page 153 that the Secretary of the Treasury
reports, under the head of permanent appro-
priations, that there was paid out of the per-
manent appropriations I have referred to
$1,278,493 77 under the captured and aban-
doned property act. That is the precise sum
which the gentleman finds on the forty fourth
page of the Secretary's annual report, set
down as paid during the last fiscal year.
Now, the House will recollect that last
evening I called the attention to the fact that
there was a permanent appropriation for this
purpose, and an annual appropriation for the
ordinary judgments of the court. The cap-
tured and abandoned awards of the court are
all paid from the permanent appropriation,
which of course does not come into the an-
nual appropriation bills at all.
Now, the gentleman announced another
discovery, namely, that there was nearly
$2,000,000 of these claims awarded during
the past year which were not paid. They were
not paid during the last fiscal year for the rea-
son, if the gentleman will notice, that every
one of this second set of claims was awarded
after the 1st of April, 1872. No award of the
Court of Claims is paid out of the Treasury
until ninety days after the award, because,
under the laws parties may take appeals to the
Supreme Court of the United States within
ninety days after the award. Therefore the
Secretary of the Treasury waits ninety days to
know if appeals have been entered; and if
after that time, no appeals have been entered,
then the amount is paid from the Treasury.
Now as to the amount, which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Smith] said on yester-
day had not been paid, although the award
had been made by the Court of Claims, allow
me to say that I have here a memorandum
from the Treasury Department, received this
morning, showing that most of those awards
have been paid since this fiscal year began,
after the ninety days had elapsed, under the
permanent appropriation made by the act of
March 3, 1868. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has done in this case what he has always
done since the law of 1863 was passed, nothing
more and nothing less. He has not by one
jot exceeded his powers and duties.
Last year there was actually used of the
amount appropriated in our annual appropri-
ation bill the sum of $239,379 69. In other
words, the annual appropriation made laSt
year for ordinary judgments was not all used.
The balance was covered back into the Treas-
ury on the 30th of June. This year we are
enabled to report a smaller sum. Last year
we appropriated $500,000. Because they did
not use it all, within about $100,000, or a little
more, we have this year recommended an
appropriation of $400,000. We have in every
respect, as has the Secretary of the Treasury,
followed the ordinary course of proceeding.
The next point made by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Smith] is that the Court of
Claims have ruled in participants in the late
rebellion, and that they have been paid against
the original purpose of Congress in passing the
statute of 1863. The Court of Claims have
made no such rulings. The Court of Claims
ruled out men who were disloyal, ruled out
men who had participated in the rebellion;
even ruled out men who had been pardoned.
And when that ruling in the Padelford case,
and more notedly in the Klein case, went up
to the Supreme Court, the opinion of the Court
of Claims in regard to this point was unani-
mously overruled. I do not suppose the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Smith] really
intended to charge the Court of Claims with
leaning toward rebels; but certainly his lan-
guage seems to bear that construction, and I
certainly so understood him in his remarks of
yesterday. I simply say, in answer to that
gentleman, that the rulings of the Court of
Claims have been severally against the claim-
ants that aided the rebellion, and their de-
cisions on this subject have been twice unani-
mously overruled by the Supreme Court on
the construction of the statutes.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] to say that the decision of the Supreme
Court in the Klein case was unanimous if
Mr._ GARFIELD, of Ohio. On the point
to which I am referring. The Drake amend-
ment was understood to be the central point
in the Klein case, and the court was abso-
lutely unanimous in opinion that that amend-
ment was unconstitutional.
Mr. SARGENT. It was the only point
affecting this discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was the only
point affecting this discussion, and was the
chief point before the court. I call attention
to the following resume from a late opinion of
Judge Nott as a complete exposition of the
decisions of the two courts:
" The decisions of the Supreme Court in the cases
of Padelford, (9 Wall. R„ p. 531,) and Klein, (—,)
though in form affirmances of the judgments of this
court, do in fact overthrow two of its established
doctrines. This court construed the abandoned or
captured property act as a statute passed, midway
in the rebellion, in the nature of a compact, whereby
it was promised to those persons within rebel terri-
tory who should stand-firm in tbeir allegiance to the
Government, that their property captured and for-
feited by capture should, nevertheless, be cared
for by the Government, and its avails, on proof
of compliance with the condition-precedent of
tho compact, be restored to them. Hence, this
court held that the words in the statute ' aid or
comfort to the rebellion,' related to tbe fact and
not to the crime, and tbat pardon and amnesty,
which obliterate crime, do not create a jurisdic-
tional fact. The Supreme Court construed the
statute as though it had been passed at tho end of
the rebellion, and ascribed tho words ' aid or com-
fort'to the crime and not to tbe fact; and hence held
that pardon or amnesty, obliterating the crime, left
the citizen free to maintain his right of action. The
conclusion of either court would seem to be inevit-
able if its premises be conceded.
" It was also the doctrine of this court that, as
condemnation by a court is not necessary to divest
title incases of land capture, and that,, as these cap-
tures were, in tho language of the Supreme Court,
'justified by legislation ' and 'warranted by law,'
(Mrs. Alexander's caso, 2 Wall. R„ p. 420,) therefore
the legal title to the property became divested by
capture and passed to the Government, with a reser-
vation that the Government would hold the avails
in trust for the benefit of such owners as 'in fact
maintained a loyal adhesion to the Union.' (2 Wall.
R., p. 422.) The Supreme Court, on the contrary,
has now held that, 1 exccpt as to property used in
actual hostilities, no titles were divested in the
insurgent States nnless in parsuanceof a judgment
rendered after dme legal proceedingsand as regards
this abandoned or captmred property whereof the
proceeds are in the Treasury, that the property of
the original owner is in no case absolutely divested.'
How far this part of the decision will disturb other
rulings of this court it is not necessary now to
inquire.
Upon the facts presented by thiscase the resolu-
tion of the court is that the proclamation of 25th
December, 1868, (15 Stat. L„ p.7U,)reUeves a citizen
coming within its terms from making proof of
loyalty.
The legal effect of the decision was simply
