1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
rules, or bad faith toward the body, or corrupt
actions which connect themselves immediately
or by relation with the body, and more or less
materially affect its ability faithfully to dis-
charge its great duties.
It is most illogical, if not absurd, to assume
that, under the cover of this power of self-
protection, either House may itself violate ex-
press and solemn provisions of the Constitu-
tion, which is as much a supreme law to it as
to the people. If this power is really without
limit, then either House may in legal effect
prescribe new qualifications for its members
in addition to those fixed by the Constitution.
Either may expel a member on account of
great personal ignorance, or previous bad
habits and low moral tone, or 011 account of
his color, or because he believes in the right-
fulness of the temporal power of the Pope,
or on account of religious views.
Such doctrines appear to me to be alarming
and monstrous. Ihey amount to a congres-
sional censorship over manners, morals, con-
duct, and opinions of members, without limit
of time inthe past. Such a doctrine is intrin-
sically anti-republican, despotic, and danger-
ous. The framers of the Constitution never
intended to incorporate into the very heart of
our system such an element of irresponsible
power and absolutism. They established a
free and elective government. They pre-
scribed the qualifications for membership in
Congress—relating to age, residence and citi-
zenship alone—and left the people otherwise
absolutely free to choose whom they please to
represent them.
They very well understood that the repre-
sentative body would never rise much above
the average of the body of electors in intel-
ligence, virtue, or patriotism. An ignorant
constituency need not be expected to return a
wise and cultured Representative, nor a vicious
and base constituency to select a nian of high ,
tone, pure morals, and incorruptible integrity,
to represent it. They clearly foresaw, because
they were familiar with the experiences of the
world in the then past, that nothing could
guaranty to the country an honest, wise, and
incorruptible Congress except an intelligent,
virtuous, and patriotic body of electors. No
punitive or disciplinary power in either House
can accomplish such results.
What, then, is the true limit of the power
of the House over its members? It is to be
first noted that the jurisdiction conferred by
the words of the Constitution which I have
quoted is limited to members. The offenses,
therefore, for which the House may punish,
must result from, arise out of, and have direct
connection with membership. But must they
be actually originated and committed during
the membership within the term of which they
are sought to be punished? I answer that the
offense must be, in a just legal sense, against the
body itself, or it will possess no jurisdiction.
Does it result that theoffense must of necessity
have its inception and execution within the term?
I think this question must have a negative
reply. Let me better disclose my idea by an
illustration. Suppose that Peter Funk was or
was not—for it is not material which—a mem-
ber of the Forty First Congress. In May, 1870,
before his nomination or election as a mem-
ber of the Forty-Second Congress, and without
any certain knowledge that he would be so
nominated or elected, the agent of a self-
seeking and dishonest corporation desiring
congressional legislation or action in its inter-
ests, called upon him and handed him $5,000,
saying, "Take this money with my compli-
ments, I know you are poor, and whether you
are elected to Congress or not, it will be all
right; but if you are, we will expect you in
Congress to be the friend and advocate of
the interests of our corporation." Peter
i the money, is thereafter nominated and
elected to the Forty-Second Congress, takes
his seat as such member, and is ready to
perform his part "of the indecent covenant.
But then his conduct comes to the knowledge
of the House, and is made the subject of an
investigation, and the House is called upon to
exercise whatever rightful powerit may possess
to punish him and purify itself. Is he amen-
able to the jurisdiction of the Forty-Second
Congress in view ot the fact that his offense
antedated the existence of that Congress? By
direct relation his offense, in its intent and
motive, was against the latter body. Its aim
and purpose were continuing, prospective,
seeking execution in the Forty-Second Con-
gress. They were such as could not fail to
affect his official conduct, his purity of motive,
his impartial and equal devotion to the inter-
ests.of all the peopie. They tended directly
to erect a continuing ^conflict in his mind
and judgment between duty and interest.
They thereby in great degree destroyed his
fitness and capacity to render faithful service
to the country in that Congress. He was
therefore beyond just legal doubt entirely
amenable to the discipline of that body. No
country is safe, civil government is in peril,
the public morals will soon decay, the rights
of the people will be &t the mercy of the high
est bidder, if the Representative can be suffered
with impunity to make merchandise of his
official influence, of his votes, or voice, or
honor. It must be assumed by every Iegisla
tive body to which representatives are sent
that the constituencies are virtuous, and that
they never elect public servants to do wrong,
or act dishonestly, or corruptly, or to use their
official positions and influence to promote
mere selfish ends.
THE CREDIT MOBILIER OP AMERICA.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to apply these
principles of action and jurisdiction to the
subject,-matter before the House. The Union
Pacific Railroad Company is a legitimate cor-
poration, organized by the Government for a
beneficial and useful purpose. Membership
in the corporation, or ownership of its stock,
in itself creates no necessary-conflict between
duty and interest, either in the private citizen
or public officer.
It is not to be assumed that it is unlawful or
immoral for the citizen to own whatever it is
lawful for the Government to create, whether
that be stock in a railroad company, or in a
national bank, or the bonds of the Government
itself. But it is not right, or moral, or lawful
for any private citizen, and much less for a
director in a Government corporation, and in-
comparably less for a member of Congress, to
acquire or hold any stock, or even member-
ship, in a corporation organized and conducted
with fraudulent intent and purpose to take
advantage of, or cheat, or plunder the Govern-
ment. Any citizen or officer who with knowl-
edge does any such thing comes criminally
short of his duty, and subjects himself to the
denunciations both of law and equity, it not to
actual criminal punishment. Such offenses
ought to be placed in the list of acts punish-
able criminally. The Credit Mobilier of
America was such a corporation.
The testimony reported to the House by the
committees presided over respectively by Mr.
Poland and Mr. Wilson, convict that cor-
poration of evil and fraudulent inient in its
inception and throughout its career. The
munificent benefactions conferred by the Gov-
ernment upon the Union Pacific Railroad
Company for the use and benefit of that com-
pany, and incidentally of the country and the
Government, aroused and tempted the grasping
cupidity of certain men. They determined to
snatch from their legitimate uses, and to divide
among themselves, a vast proportion of those
benefactions. This dishonest and lawless pur-
pose could not be attained under the cover of
the railroad charter without such palpable
violations of law as would have led to -speedy
litigation and certain exposure.
Therefore it became necessary for them to
resort to some more pliable, secret, and irre-
sponsible agencies. These they found in a pre-
tended railroad construction company to which
they gave the mysterious name of . Credit
Mobilier of America, it waa created by the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, and among
corporations it was a mere adventurer, with-
out substantial basis, honest business, or legiti-
mate and bona fide stock. It was chiefly used
as a device for the concealment of fraudulent
and corrupt designs. Under one pretense or
another it obtained the control of several con-
tracts for railroad construction at grossly ex-
cessive prices. It was thus enabled at once to
rob the railroad company and the Government
of many millions.
The unrighteous gains thereby secured at the
expense of the Government and of the indi-
viduals interested in the railroad company
were the fountain from which the unparalleled
dividends were drawn. In my judgment, no
public officer charged with the guardianship
of the public property, the protection of the
people against fmuds or maladministration,
and the enactment of honest and equal laws,
can lawfully or honestly hold stock in such a
corporation and participate in its fraudulent
dividends if he have knowledge of its real
character. In the estimation of sound reason
and morals the real gravamen of the offenses
in this case consists in the ownership ot such
stock and the receipt of such dividends with
knowledge. It is from these facts that the con-
fusion of motives results and danger comes to
the public service.
The Credit Mobilier of America is not a
Federal corporation, and is not under Fed-
eral supervision or control, and is so framed
as to offer to its owners, to a great extent, the
shield of irresponsibility. It fastened itself,
vampire-like, upon the body of the Uniou
Pacific Railroad Company, and from that con-
nection have arisen all these wrongs to the
country. Its chief dividends were distributed
several years ago, prior to" the commencement
of this Congress, but the corporation still
exists, has assets and lands to divide among
its owners, and is still liable to be affected in
its interests by congressional legislation.
The offenses arising out of connection with
it were, therefore, continuing offenses, and by
relation they were carried forward and com-
mitted as well against this Congress as against
preceding Congresses. They come, therefore,
on clear and rational principles, within the
jurisdiction of this House for investigation
and punishment. This conclusion does not
apply to the cases, if any, in which there was
a real and honest absence of knowledge of
the true nature of the corporation, or to those, -
if any, in which all connection with the cor-
poration was in good faith dissolved before
the commencement of this Congress.
I will not now waste much time in the in-
quiry whether, upon the testimony, it is appar-
ent that actual and technical bribery was
committed by any of the parties. It is not
necessary to sustain the jurisdiction of the
House that the crime of bribery, in the strict
sense of the criminal law, shall be proven..
The evil against which the House needs pro-
tection is the formation, by its members, of
such relations with persons or corporations as
create, or are intended to create, direct and
material antagonism between the selfish inter-
ests of the member and the interests of the
country. Such relations are they which lead
sooner or later, and generally with fatal cer-
tainty, to personal corruption in offiee, and to
corrupt legislation, and to the plunder of the
Treasury and the debasement of the public
morals.
