510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
provides further that the owners of such prop-
erty so captured and abandoned, upon proof
of loyalty, shall have the right to assert their
claim, and recover from the fund the net pro-
ceeds derived from the sale. Subsequent proc-
lamations of amnesty and pardon by the Pres-
ident of the United States, predicated upon
condition that the owner shall make oath of
future loyalty and allegiance, exempt the
ownei-s thus found from the necessity of
exhibiting proof of their loyalty in the courts.
The Supreme Court of the United States, to
whom by the Federal Constitution the power
is delegated to determine the legal effect of
executive and legislative action, has, in the
cases of the United States vs. Anderson, same
vs. Padelford, 9 Wallace, and Klein'8 case, 11
Wallace, without one dissenting voice de-
cided that the fund derived from the sale of
captured and abandoned property is a trust
fund, a fund held by the Government for the
benefit of those who come within the meaning
and who have complied with the conditions
prescribed by the proclamations of the Presi-
dent, in every case that looks to the recovery
of the proceeds of property captured and
abandoned under the legal meaning of the
laws of Congress and the proclamations of the
President. The judgment of the Court of
Claims is for the recovery of a sum, not out
of the Federal Treasury, but out of a trust
fund held by the Government for the benefit
of the owners. It is a fund the ownership of
which has already been determined by the
courts; therefore no general appropriation can
reach it, and the gentleman's amendment can
have no legitimate action.
The gentleman asserts that he appeals from
the decision of the Supreme Court to the
people. The gentleman holds his seat by
virtue of that instrument which creates this
court to construe legislative and executive
action; by that instrument which it is the com-
mon belief of our people is the sheet-anchor
of our liberty and the supreme law of thd
land, the Constitution of the United States.
The court, it appears to me, has before pre-
sented an admonition to the gentleman which
he should have well considered, that a prior
act precisely similar to this "was passed by
inadvertance and without reflection.
I am informed that $35,000,000 is now in
the Treasury of this trust fund, devoted to a
specific purpose. The Government has no
power over it except that prescribed by law;
the people, except those who can prove own-
ership in the property captured and abandoned
under the meaning of the laws and proclama-
tions of the President, no interest in it. It
appears to me that a wise public policy would
desire a diffusion of the fund; would encour-
age lawful claimants and honest owners by
liberal action to apply for its recovery. It is
needed to give aid to languishing industries.
It will add $35,000,000 to the volume of our
circulating medium, and largely relieve our
people.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia yield to me for just one
word?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I desire to say
that I understand the entire proceeds of this
captured and abandoned property amount, not
to $35,000,0d0, but to $26,000,000.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. The proceeds
from cotton alone amount to $26,000,000, but
the other property brought it up to $35,000,000.
There are now $35,000,000, under that title,
covered into the Treasury.
What has the gentleman to do with that
fund ? I repeat it does not belong to the Federal
Treasury. By congressional, executive, and
judicial action it has already been devoted to
a specific purpose. All the coordinate branches
of the Federal Government have performed
their mission in determining its status. By
proof of ownership it becomes and is the
property of those who can prove that it was
proceeds of the sale of their property. It
has been locked up for eight years, and no
claimant has been allowed to touch it. The
Supreme Court has decided this to be a trust
fund held for the benefit of the claimants,
because by the act which appropriates it they
are authorized to eoine in and assert their
claims ; and a judgment in this class of cases
directs recovery from that fund, and not out
of appropriations provided for in this bill.
Consequently, the Government does not suffer.
No man can be injured by it.
If the sentiment that the gentleman of New
York uttered, that he appealed from the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court to the people, had
been uttered in the heat of passion or under
the influence of excitement, or by a man un-
learned in the law, it would not ha ve surprised
me. It presents him in rather a singular atti-
tude, appealing to the people in regard to a
matter in which neither ne nor the people have
any interest—appealing to the people to vin-
dicate him for a deliberate assault upon the
authoritative action of President Lincoln sus-
tained by the solemn judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States. The time has not
yet come in our history when the pepple can
be deceived by such appeals. Although the
capacity of mankind to govern themselves may
be doubted, I am one of those who have a
profound and abiding confidence in its success-
ful salvation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I
do not propose, in the discussion of this ques-
tion, to reply to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Smith] in the spirit in which he has in-
dulged. This is no place in which to appeal
to passion and prejudice, and this is no time
for stich an appeal. The question, as I under-
stand it, is shall this House constitute itself
into an appellate tribunal to pass upon the
judgments of a court whose jurisdiction is co-
ordinate and coequal as a part of the judicial
department of the Government. Sir, this is
a question in which a large class of persons in
the section where I live and who 1 have the
honor in part to represent upon this floor are
vitally interested. The- fact is that some
$25,000,000 worth of cotton was seized bv the
Government. There was no judgment of any
court of sequestration or confiscation. The
cotton was carried to New York and sold, and
the money derived from its sale was paid into
the Treasury of the United States. The Su-
preme Court of the United States say that the
Government of the United States holds that
fund in trust for the owners of the cotton.
The owners of that property came to the
Congress of the United States and demanded
relief. Hey were remanded by Congress to
•the Court of Claims, a court of competent
jurisdiction to pass upon this question between
the Government and the citizens. These par-
ties have gone before the Court of Claims;
their rights have been adjudicated; solemn
judgments have been pronounced, and when
these happen to be adverse to the Government
and in favor of the parties, then it is proposed
that the Congress of the United States shall
take appellate jurisdiction, and not the Su-
preme Court of the United States. The claim-
ants ask that these awards be paid because the
Court of Claims, a court of competent juris-
diction as to the persons and the subject-mat-
ter, have , so determined.
What has been the history of this matter?
Why, sir, under the decisions of the Court of
Claims, nearly $2,000,000 of this money has
been paid. It has been paid according to the
practice and according *o the law as it obtains
in the Treasury Department. There are other
like claims pending. These parties have been
knocking at the doors of Congress for relief
since this cotton was taken, and I know it to
be a fact that since they have been remanded
to the court some of them have beggared
themselves in maintaining the expenses of liti-
gation. Some are to-day beggared by reason
of the heavy losses they have sustained by the
action of the Army and of the Treasury agents.
The Government of the United States very
liberally recognized their right to redress, and
the act of 1863 provided that they were to be
heard before the Court of Claims, and not
before the Congress of the United States.
That is the history of this question.
Well, now there has been a decision in the
Court of Claims favorable to these parties,
and that decision has been passed upon by the
Supreme Court of the United States in accord-
ance with the decisions in the Garland case
and in the Armstrongfoundery case, the court
being in harmony with the great doctrine that
has prevailed everywhere that a pardon ab-
solves the party from all guilt and renders hiin
innocent in the eye of the law as to his offense
as though he had never committed it.
Sir, after that decision was made the Drake
amendment was adopted, but the Supreme
Court, in the case of Klein, (13th Howard,)
determined that the Drake amendment was
unconstitutional, on the ground that it denied
appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme Court
of the United States. That decision of the
Supreme Court is the law of the land, and we
claim that those judgments rendered by a court
of competent jurisdiction which has settled the
rights of these parties shall stand and shall be
respected by the Departments of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a question ?
Mr. BECK, of Georgia. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I desire to
ask the gentleman if he is not willing that
Congress shall know specifically what they are
doing when they make these appropriations?
Thatis all my amendment is intended to accom-
plish.
Mr. BECK, of Georgia. In reply to the
gentleman I would say that it is not the pre-
rogative of Congress to inquire into these
matters. These are judgments; they bear
upon their face the solemnity and the validity
of judgments. It is not the business of Con-
gress to go back and inquire as to the rendition
of these judgments, whether they were ren-
dered properly or whether they were rendered
improperly. Why ? Because Congress has
no right to review the decisions of a court; no
right to go'into a coordinate and coequal de-
partment of the Government and review its
action. Therefore, if a judgment is presented
as conclusive of the rights ofthe parties, and of
the subject-matter that has been reviewed, it
is is for Congress to ask no questions, but to
order that the awards should be paid. How
are these parties to know where they are to
go and apply for relief? They go to a court
constituted for this purpose, and after that
court has rendered an award they come here
and are met with the doctrine that the Con-
gress of the United States can, by a super-
visory action, review the decisions of the
Court of Claims.
[Here the hammer fell.] '
Mr. POTTER. There is a sort of retribu-
tive justice in having my colleague stand up
here ten years after the act of 1863 was passed,
and arraign the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Court of Claims itself 
" Mr. SMITH, of New York. Allow me to
say here that I have not arraigned the Secre-
tary of the Treasury either in my remarks to-
day or of yesterday, or given one intimation
that these judgments had been paid in viola-
tion of law.
Mr. POTTER. Well, then, I did not suc-
ceed in understanding the gentleman yester-
day. Of course I must take him as he says
now. He insists now, however, that there
shall be a special appropriation for these judg-
ments. His remarks yesterday intimated, as
I understood them, that the amendment he pro-
poses was necessary because the Court of
Claims was unwilling to consider loyalty ;
because it left loyal men, to give my col-
