1474
THE OONGRESSIOFAL GLOBE-
February 19,
scheme which I consider utterly mischievous
and indefensible.
Now, if the Senate take it up in the morn-
ing hour this morning it will exhaust the
morning hour; and it will be a surprise cer-
tainly to some Senators—I can speak of one
specially besides myself—who want to be
heard on this bill. If there be any serious
purpose to discuss the matter during this ses-
sion, I suggest to the Senator who made this
motion—1 have not yet learned who that Sena-
tor is—that he should give notice of some time
when he will move to take up the bill, to the
end that; in place of being taken by surprise,
we may be prepared to consider it.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, I will adopt
the suggestion made by the Senator from New
York, and, instead of pressing this motion
now, give notice that to-morrow in the morn-
ing hour, when we have gone through with the
morning business, I will call up the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator takes
his seat, 1 beg to suggest to him that it would be
hardly worthwhile to take it up in the morning
hour, as it would fall at one o'clock, when the
morning hour expired. Of course, my friend
from Missouri knows that this report can never
be aeted upon without a discussion which will
go far beyond the limits of the morning hour.
Therefore I suggest to him that he had better
lix a time not so near at hand as to-morrow
morning, and that he had better propose it at
some time when it can be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. " To-morrow " is a legis-
lative term.
Mr. CONKLING. I know; but the point
of my suggestion is that it be taken up at
some time when the period allotted to it will
not be merely a few minutes.
Mr. BLAIR. If it takes a longer time than
the remnant of the morning hour, I shall move
to have its consideration extended and go on
with it. 1 think it a bill of great importance,
and' I mean to seek as earnestly as I can to
have it considered at this session. Therefore,
I give notice of this early time, when I shall
call it up.
Mr. SCOTT. Before this subject passes
from the consideration of the Senate I wish to
make a statement, partly to correct a misap-
prehension which might be created by the
statement of the Senator from New York. The
hill to which he refers, which has already
passed, related only to one subject of com-
plaint, and that I may say local instead of
general, and the bill which was passed to rem-
edy that complaint is in itself temporary, as it
expires in December next. I only wished to
correct a misapprehension that that perma-
nently relieved that complaint.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me understand the
extent to which I am to be corrected. Am I
right in supposing that that bill removes, dur-
ing the period which it covers, the restriction
touching the amount of steam which may be
carried by steamboats upon the waters to
which the Senator refers?
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator is correct in
that statement.
Mr. CONKLING. Am I not right in say-
mg that it was that very alleged grievance
which had been urged upon us as the chief
motive for passing the bill now before us?
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot say that it was
urged as the chief motive, but it was one of
the complaints.
Mr. CONKLING. I think I was right in
my statement.
Mr. bCOlT. There are many other sub-
jects in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not deny that.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am
very sorry to see the Senator from New York
objecting to the taking up of this bill, remem-
bering how successfully he defeated its con-
sideration at the last session, remembering
that he spoke elaborately on the subject, and
that those id favor of the bill never got an
opportunity to say a word in its support. I
am quite sure that if the Senator is determined
to defeat the passage of the bill, if he see fit
to do it, he can do so again, in view of the
approaching end of the session. I was in
hopes, after the Senator had delivered the
elaborate argument which he made at the last
session, and which he promised to elaborate
much more whenever the bill should come up
again, that he would give us an opportunity to
hear him at large, to weigh his objections; and
reply to them as best we could. I hope that
he still conceives that that is consistent with
his duty.
Here is a measure of great moment to the
steamboat interest in the West. The question
about the amount of steam they may employ,
the pressure, has been disposed of for the time
by the bill put through by the Senator from
Pennsylvania; but that bill only touches one,
aud by no means the most material, point of
the bill that is now proposed to be taken up.
In my judgment a far more material provision
is in this bill than that in relation to the amount
of steam that may be used on a steam vessel.
There are various provisions in the bill, but
the one which puts the vessels navigating
the interior waters upon precisely the Same
footing of responsibility with the vessels navi-
gating the sea, or rather puts the owners of
these crafts on precisely the same footing of
equality, is perhaps the most important pro-
vision in this bill. It is so regarded, at all
events, by the merchants and steamboat men
of the Mississippi, Ohio, and Missouri rivers;
and we want an opportunity to vindicate that
provision in the bill.
I hope, under these circumstances, that the
bill will be taken up. It is a measure that has
proceeded so far as to result in a report of a
conference committee, and it ought to have
been considered, if possible, at the last session
and disposed of then. But the Senator from
New York—and I am not censuring him at
all, I do not mean to be so understood—thought
it his duty to oppose the consideration of it
then, and put it off until there could be
ampler time to consider it; that is, he let it
come over to this session, because, as he said,
here was a great change to be made, and a very
important one, that affected the rights of in-
dividuals to a great extent, and was a measure
of great public importance; all of which was
very true, indeed; and he was quite right in
saying that it required consideration before
Congress should agree to such a change. That
is all true, too. He therefore said that it ought
to come over to this session that that consid-
eration might be given to it. It did come over
to this session, and now I pray him to allow
us to have an opportunity to give it that con-
sideration.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
take up this bill has been withdrawn, and the
Secretary will report the title of the first bill
on the Calendar.
execution of laws in utah.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I desire to give
notice that to-morrow I shall call up Senate
bill No. 1540, to aid in the execution of the
laws in the Territory of Utah, and for other
purposes, reported from the Committee oil the
Judiciary. That subject has been called to
our attention by a message from the President.
The object of this bill, I desire to say, is to
enforce the laws equally against the Mormons
and those who are not Mormons ; and I would
call the attention of Senators to the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, that we may to-morrow take it up
and consider it.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 196) granting medals to Captain Jared S.
Crandall and others.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate to
correct an error in the enrollment of the bill
(S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan & Dickin-
son, of Knoxville, Tennessee.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 1310) to
restore certain property to Phineas Banning
and Benjamin D. Wilson.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 4002) for the relief of
Jonathan Diehl and George Blymer, sureties
on the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor
for carrying the United States mails on post
route No. 4249 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4003) for the relief of
Anthony Lawson and Thomas A. Brewis, and
their heirs.
two per cent. fund.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
the Calendar I move to take up House bill
No 3255, known as the two per cent. bill. I
wish to say to the Senate, in making this mo-
tion, that several efforts have been made to
take up the bill, and hitherto without success.
It does seeta to me that it is due to the States
interested that we should consider this bill.
It is a House bill already passed, and has been
reported upon by the Judiciary Committee of
this body. It is difficult and impossible to get
the bill up when it antagonizes an appropria-
tion bill. We all know at this stage of the
session the appropriation bills have prece-
dence, and if the Calendar is called the day is
consumed ou that. Now I know I can sit in
my seat and object to every bill that is on the
Calendar, as it is called^ and we should then
get through the Calendar in^ half an hour. I
suppose ; but it would be a mere waste of time.
I do not desire to do that: But it does seem
to me that the Senate ought to consent that
this bill should be taken up and disposed of
in some way, and I move that all other busi-
ness be laid aside, and that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of what is known as the
two per cent. bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendai
under the Anthony rule being before the Sen-
ate, the Senator from Illinois moves to post-
pone it and take up the two per cent. bill.
Mr., FRELINGHUYSEN. I trust that will
not be done, and that, as we have had two oi
three votes on this question, these efforts will
not be renewed every day. It is not pleasant
to be opposing the claim of three such States
as these, represented, as they are, so ably on
the floor ; but yet inasmuch as it is a question
involving a very large amount of money  
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, how large?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The claim made
from about 1830 is $1,300,000. With in-
terest 
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; there is no
claim for interest. .
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With interest
it would be two or three times that ; and if
those States have any claim for the principal
they have a perfectly good claim for interest,
because the claim for principal is that we
withheld from those States money that be-
longed to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair dis-
likes to suggest to the Senator from New
Jersey that what he is saying touches tin*
merits.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It was in answer
to a question of the Senator from Illinois
The VICE PRESIDENT. Rather beyond
the remarks of the Senator from Illinois, the
Chair thinks.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I certainly would
not tresspass on the rule. But I was going to
