1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
l«mue's words, " out in the wet." lie says
to liar ihat thoM> who are unwilling in determ-
ining claims of this kind to set1 to it that
loyally .-.hall lie iirst considered, mistake the
views of the country, and had belterstaud from
under. That is all very well; 1 do not object
to uty colleague taking that view, nor to auy-
body else taking that view of the teehug of
the couutry.
1 merely desire to call attention of the House
to the satisfaction there is to some of us in
hearing gentlemen on the other side of the
House reflecting tn that way in reference to the
Court of Claims. Of all the courts we have had
in the United States, Mr. Chairman, that Court
of Claims has been most devoted to the inter-
ests of loyal uien. Why, sir, at the head of this
court is the author of the Drake amendment
Inmx'it. The nest gentleman in this court is
Judge Noil, from my own State, who was
wounded in the war, who spent tilteen months
in a rebel prison, uud who was an original
abolitionist. The other members, I believe,
have generally been equally pronounced iu
their opposition to rebellion and devotion to
loyalty. Indeed, from the time the act of
lt«>o was passed, until its decisions were over-
ruled absolutely by the Supreme Court of
the United States, the Court of Claims have
been nothing if not loyal.
I hold in my hand one of their decisions, in
which they talk about the necessity of loyalty,
as my colleague does; in which they reter to
the manner in which they have been overruled
by the Supreme Court of the United States,
and in which they complain almost as my col-
league might that anyone but loyal men should
recover under this act of 1863. If there is any
court which I am myself glad to see brought
up here and complained of for being disloyal,
it is this very Court of Claims, which it seems
to me has paid, if not more attention to that
very subject than it has to anything else, at
least quite as much as that subject called
for.
As to the other branch of the question, my
colleague saya that in respect of these judg-
ments he only wants Congress to know what
has been passed upon by this court. I agree
with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambleb]
who the other day Baid in regard to the Cal-
dera claim, in reference to which some gen-
tlemen on this side of the House objected to
a reference to the Attorney General, that in
his opinion any tribunal that could be found
was better than Congress for the purpose of
considering claims. To this I entirely agree.
From its numbers, from its very nature, from
the manner in which business must be done,
from the manner in which we are sent here
and the short tenure by which we hold our
places, Congress must be the worst, must be
the least independent, the least intelligent, and
no far as it is possible for any court to be dis-
honest must prove to be the least honest
tribunal for that purpose that can well be
selected.
If there is to be any review of the decisions
of existing courts of justice, let us establish
Rome other court for such review ; but let us
not bring into this House to be canvassed the
judgments of any court. How can we prop-
erly review such decisions? What can we
know about the facts in the various cases?
Why, when reports come here from our own
Committee of Claims how many of us attend
to them, how many of us inquire into them,
how many of us even vote intelligently upon
them, except so far as we follow the lead given
to as by gentlemen of the committee? If
the law authorizing the payment of these cap-
tured and abandoned property claims is wrong,
let it be repealed. If the principle established
years ago that when a man is pardoned he shall
recover property belonging to him in the cus-
tody of the Government is wrong, then let it
be revered, but in the name of justice and
common seuse let us not seek to review in this
House the judgments rendered by a competent
court of law in conformity with the laws Con-
gress has itself established.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PKIiCE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of members, especially those from the
southern States, to the character of the
amendment ef the gentleman from New York,
[.Mr. Smith.] 1 charge that it is au attack by
that gentleman upon the southern States ; it
is an attack upon a section, and iu order to
show that it is so I desire to remind the House
that even when the flames of civil war had
hardly been suppressed, the executive officersof
the Goverumeut who had charge of this fund,
which had been received by the Government
from property seized by the United States
forces, said in effect, and truthfully, "This
property is not the property of the Govern-
ment, but is trust property, which we will hold
for the benefit of those to whom it belongs."
Whereas the gentlemau's amendment with-
holds the proceeds from the declared legiti-
mate owners.
Every member of this House who felt the
effect of the war, whether us a southern man on
the southern side, or like myself as an officer of
the Union Army, knows that wherever we
could reach cotton we took it. It was a sinew
of war; a contraband article; when we took it
we weakened the enemy and strengthened the
Government We know, too, the modus oper-
andi. When we took cotton we turned it over
to the nearest Treasury officer ; and that officer
in the discharge of his duties sent the cotton to
a market, where it was sold. Now, let us Bee
what the owner of that cotton has to prove.
He must first prove that he owned this cotton,
that it was his property ; and I desire to call
attention to the fact that there is no law on
the statute-book, there is no principle of com-
mon law, that will take that property away
from him uuless he is convicted of a crime
the penalty of which is that it shall be taken
away. He must prove that that property was
his when it was seized ; that it was takeu by
the proper officer; that that officer sent the
cotton to market; that it was sold by author-
ity of the Government, and then he must prove
that the proceeds of this property thus taken
and sold went into the Treasury of the United
States. In other words, his proof must extend
from the cotton on the'plantation to the money
in the Treasury. After presenting all this
Eroof, if the judgment of the Court of Clai ms
e sustained, he receives back the value of his
property—nothing more; nay, not so much.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYERS. I hope the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Percb] will be allowed
to BrOC66d
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will be
allowed to proceed unless he be called to
order.
Mr. PERCE. I repeat, the claimant does
not in any event receive the value of his prop-
erty. I desire to call attention to this fact.
According to the Shipping and Commercial List
and New York Price Current, middling fair
cotton was worth, December 24, 1864. $1 30
per pound; on January 4, 1865, it was worth
$1 27 per pound; on February 1, 1865, it had
fallen to ninety-two cents per pound.
Ndw, sir, of the cotton sold by the United
States cotton agent in New York, there was
of sea-island cotton shipped from Savannah
sixty-five hundred and thirty-one bales sold.
Every member from a cotton State knows that
that cotton was worth double the price of
ordinary cotton. When ordinary cotton was
worth one dollar per pound, sea-island cotton
waa worth two dollars and fifty cents. I find
that the charges for transportation upon this
cotton from Savannah were $101,968 57 ; that
the amount for which the cotton sold was
$1,657,231 77, making the net proceeds of
the cotton in the markets of the world
$1,555,273 20. I will correct my remarks
by saying the net proceeds received for the
sale of this cotton were $1,655,273 20, or an
average of $238 13 per bale while in the mar-
kets of the world, and I ask gentlemen to com-
pute for themselves the value of a commercial
bale of sea-island cotton, four hundred pounds
to the bale, at the prices then obtained in the
American market. That cotton was worth,
instead of the $238 13, at which it was sold,
an even thousand dollars a bale.
Well, sir, what does the claimant now get
when he comes into the Court of Claims?
U nder their ruling begets just what has been re-
ceived by the Government of the United States
less the amouutof transportation. So, doing
the best you can, allowing him to receive the
very best justice he can get under all the cir-
cumstances, he will not get more than one
, quarter of what is really his due. Congress
I passed a law extending the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims to act upon these very cases
for the reason that Congress was too great,
too jarge a body, too diversified in its senti-
ments, to pass on them in a judicial character.
Yet, when the owner of this property has lbl
lowed up his claim through the Court of
Claims for two or three years, the gentleman
now proposes, in order that he may hold on
to this pitiful quarter of what the claim-
ant's demands amount to, that it shall be the
duty of the claimant to come back to Con-
gress with the decisions of the court upon his
case in order that it may be again reviewed
and passed upon "here, where perhaps parti-
san feeling and sectional interests have their
greatest sway.
Mr. Chairman, I hope every southern man
in this House will protest against this attack.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Mr.
Speaker, I trust on the contrary every mem-
ber of this House will decide this case without
reference to the part of the country he comes
from or expects to go-to, having in due con-
sideration that world he expects to go to
when he leaves this earth. [Laughter.]
First, the question is not whether the appro-
priation of $400,000 in this bill is right or not.
No one objects or wishes to defeat it; sec-
ondly, the question is not whether the Court
of Claims made loyalty a prerequisite or not.
It did so under the act of Congress, as it was
instructed and commanded to do; third,
the question is not whether the Court of
Claims is entitled to respect or not, or whether
it has or has not decided according to law.
No one pretends it has done otherwise. The
question again, in the fourth place, is not
whether or not the Supreme Court was or was
not right in defining the scope of President
Johnson's proclamation. It held that that
proclamation not only gave a man a clean bill
of health for the future, but practically said he
had never done anything wrong. It cleared
him from the past; it made him for the pur-
pose of the court loyal. The question is not
whether that was or was not right under the
law. No one on this side of the House is
complaining of it. The question is whether
the attempt of the Court of Claims to execute
an act of Congress, an act which I doubt not
would again pass if the subject were a new
one, is defeated by a subsequent decision of
the Supreme Court.
That decision I say gave a scope to Presi-
dent Johnson's proclamation which was not
anticipated. Congress, in constituting the
Court of Claims, told it to pay back the pro-
ceeds of captured or abandoned goods in cases
where the claimants could show their loyalty,
and not to pay it to people who had aided the
rebellion. The court started to do this. Then
the Supreme Court comes in with a decision
giving this wide scope to the President's proc-
lamation, and the Court of Claims can no
longer execute that law of Congress as it
intended to do.
Now, what is the practical condition of
affairs ? Without finding fault with what has
taken place, the gentleman froni New York
[Mr. Smith] suggests by his amendment a
remedy, a course by which Congress can carry
