1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
I will not transgress, if my honorable friend
from Wisconsin did, the rule about referring to
the merits, and without, doing that I believe I
may say that this is a question of law ; it is a
question of history pt is a question compounded
of many ingredients ; it has been the subject
of elaborate reports, and so diversified and
complicated is it that unquestionably a dis-
cussion will take place;-and I think, as my
honorable friend from Illinois said, when the
discussion begins nobody who is upon this
earth can foresee the probable termination of
it. Therefore, in my judgment, the effect of
taking up this bill would be, if it is adhered
to, to consume one or two or three days until
it is apparent to everyhody that it is to wreck
the other business of the session and then
drop it where it is and proceed to other busi-
ness. Now, Mr. President, upon an experi-
ment which I consider is so precarious as
that, 1 think we ought not to enter, although
I shall be very glad to vote to give all these
gentlemen an opportunity to be heard and pass
their bill if they can pass it.
Mr. MORTON. I think there has been lime
enough consumed in opposing the considera-
tion of this bill to dispose of it if. it had been
allowed to come before the. Senate. So far as
the length of time to be occupied in discussion
is concerned, the friends of this bill do not
think it will be necessary for them to talk so
long about it. The enemies of the bill may
think that a,great deal of time will be neces-
sary to enable them to oppose it successfully,
and I think they ate right in regard to that;
but the friends of the bill do not think very
much time will be required. We hope that
now this bill may be taken up and the friends
of it may have a brief opportunity at least of
presenting its merits to: the Senate.
Mr. PRATT obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. If -the Senator will par-
don me one moment, myhonorstble fri'end from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] chides me, among
others, a little good-naturedly for wasting time
in opposing this bill. I think that warrants
me in suggesting to him that this time would
not be occupied or wasted but for these repe-
titions and persevering efforts to take it up.
If this bill is in the ordinary course of business,
if the chairmen of the leading committees of
the Senate or others who have given attention
to the order of business have arranged this bill
in their own minds, or otherwise, as one of
the bills to be taken up, then I can see why the
motion should be renewed, because the motion
represents the joint judgment of those Sen-
ators who, by reason of their place upon com-
mittees, are supposed to be charged with the
responsibility for the business of the session ;
but if it is a motion made sometimes by one
Senator and sometimes by another Senator,
and continued day after day, I submit to my
honorable friend that it does not lie in his
mouth to taunt me or anybody else, however
good naturedly, with occupying some time in
interposing the objection which I think arises
when yon consider the wisdom of proceeding
to its consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I think the criticism 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana farthest from the Chair [Mr.
Pratt] was entitled to the floor, but yielded
to the Senator from Nffw York. Does he yield
to his colleague?
Mr. MORI ON. I wish to make one remark
in reply to the Senator from New York.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
Mr. MORTON. I simply wish to acknowl-
edge the justice of the criticism made by the
Senator from New. York. I think we are
responsible for the loss of time. I think if we
would give up this claim we should have no
difficulty at all with our friends on the other
side.-, I never knew any difficulty in making a
compromise where one party would give up
altogether; but because we are simply insisting
that this claim shall have a hearing, we are
made responsible for all the time consumed in
resisting the consideration of it. I think my
friend is entirely right.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to submit a single
remark on this Question. These States have
been faithfully prosecuting this claim against
the Government for the last fifteen years. A
year ago I introduced in this body a bill the
exact duplicate of the House bill which it, is now
proposed to take up and consider. I discussed
it at length in the early part of April of last
year. It was referred, ou my motion, to the
Committee on the Judiciary. That committee
had it under consideration for a period of ten
months and a little upward, and never reported
upon it until the 5th day of this month. Now,
it is very hard that we should be held respons-
ible for the failure of the committee, a member
of which has expressed very strong convictions
-against the merits of this bill in this debate.
I say it is very hard that the consideration of
this bill should be postponed after it has been
before the Committee on the Judiciary for a
period of ten months, and a majority of that
committee have at last discovered that there is
no merit, in it. I think we are entitled to
have the merits of the bill considered, and
considered at this time. I think fifteen years
is long enough to wait to have this question
considered.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, what is the regular order at the close of
the morning hour ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, that the regular order, being the Cal-
endar under the Anthony rule, be postponed
for the purpose of considering the two per
cent. bill. The Chair has endeavored to re-
strain this debate so as not to touch the merits
of the bill..not with entire success, however.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no hesitation in
saying that every State's case and every per-
persoir s case on the Calendar ought to be
heard in its regular order, and that we ought
to have a rule, in my opinion, excepting ap-
propriation bills, which possibly might over-
ride it, that every case should be taken up in
the order in which it is reported and disposed
of upon its merits one way or the other, as a
rule, and then everybody would stand equal,
States and individuals. But it does not appear
to me that because this claim is in favor of
three great States it is entitled to any more
consideration than if it were in favor of the
humblest citizen in the land. I think we had
better disabuse our minds of that idea.
Here we are, Mr. President, within nine
days of the end of the session, and it appears
to me that the understanding, which has been
understood, I believe, in this Chamber, among
those who are responsible for the administra-
tion of business at any rate, and acquiesced in
by everybody, that we would first dispose of
the appropriation bills and of the Utah bill,
and one or two other matters of supreme im-
portance that must be done, before we did
anything else, except now and then unobjected
eases on the Calendar, as a matter of private
justice, ought to be adhered to. But if we are
to break this session down by undertaking to
override the simplest regulations, the simplest
proprieties of getting on with that which is
absolutely indispensable, then we can all con-
trive to break it down, and take up every morn-
ing in moving bills upon the Calendar that we
or our constituents feel a special interest in. I
can contribute my share. 1 hope that we shall
adhere to the idea of going on with unobjected
business, and with the appropriation bills, and
with the Utah bill, and whatever other bills
may be of supreme importance, before we un-
dertake to discuss this or any other of the im-
portant questions that are on the Calendar.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I wish to say
to the Senate that the Post Office appropriation
bill is upon the Calendar ready for consider-
ation, and I shall feel it my duty as soon as
the present motion isdisposed of to move to take
it up. The Post Office appropriation bill will
probably take two or three hours, perhaps not
more than an hour or two. It is a bill in
which nat two or three States only are inter-
ested, but in which the whole country is inter-
ested. It is a bill in which not only every
State but every citizen has an interest, and 1
apprehend it ought to take precedence of any
bill in which merely States or special localities
feel or have an interest. I shall move to take
up the Post Office appropriation bill just as
soon as the present motion is disposed of, if it
should be determined against the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion to post-
pone the Calendar for the purpose of taking
up the two per cent. bill.
The.question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Caldwell, Cas-
scrly, Cooper, Davis, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan,
Goldthwaite, Harlan. Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
Machen, Morton, Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Rice, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Sherman, Spencer, Steven-
son, Thurmun, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelixigliuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin/Hitchcoek, Howe, Morrill of Ver-mont, Rob-
ertson, Scott, Sprague, Windom, and Wright—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Urownlow,
Cameron, Clayton, Cragin, Flanagan, Hamilton ot
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Poraeroy, Ran-
som, Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton. Sumner, Vickers,
and West—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
telegraphic cable to asia.
I wish to enter—-
I object to anything but
Mr. CASSERLY.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Why, Mr. President, I
hope the Senator will not object. I was shut
out during the morning hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I have control of the
floor I will give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By parlimentary
law the Senator who moves a bill ia entitled
to the floor when it is taken up, if he claims it.
Mr. SHERMAN. A motion to reconsider
is always privileged.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California cannot claim the floor unless
the Senator from Illinois yields.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My object is not to have
this bill the vehicle for doing all sorts of busi-
ness and dragging out the session. I wish to
stand to the regular order of getting through
with the indispensable business. The Senator
does not, unless the business be indispensable.
If the Senator from California merely wishes
to enter a motion to reconsider, or any priv-
ileged matter of that kind, I make no objection,
but if it is to do any other business I certainly
object.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote passing House bill No.
2388 to encourage and promote telegraphic
communication between America and Asia,
which was passed yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 4009) for the relief of
Lieutenant John F. Wotring, a resident of the
State of Michigan ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 19">) pro-
viding for the reporting and publication ot the
debates of Congress.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
A bill (H. R. No. 2704) for the relief of
S. P. Jocelyn;
A bill (H. R No, 3369) for the relief of
