512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
out iU original purposes. He says the Court
of Claims can as easily tind as to the loyalty
or disloyalty of any claimant as it ever could
do. Let it give its judgment for twenty, fifty, or
sixty-live thousand dollars, as the case may be,
which shall be paid to the claimant if Congress
shall choose to appropriate the money.
This Court of Claims reporting on the
loyalty or disloyalty of the claimant, Congress
will say we shall pay A, B, C, D, for nothing
appears against them, but we shall not pay £,
F, 6, who, like this Mr. Lowe, (with his
judgment for $447,000,) was a commissioner
of the confederate loan, and we shall not pay
this Mr. Lamar his claim of $1,200,000, be-
cause he was a notorious blockade-runner,
and doubtless this very cotton was collected
for the purpose of getting foreign exchange to
bolster up the rebellion.
It is not proposed in these cases, if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York should
prevail, to "review '' the opinion of the Court
of Claims, as gentlemen have said. The ques-
tion will be whether we shall pay or not on the
facts as reported to us by the court. The prac-
tical condition of things is this: under this
law and this interpretation of it, which nobody
anticipated, we are paying men who were noto-
riously strong and prominent leaders in the
rebellion. We are paying them money which
we had taken for public uses under the laws
of war and the statutes of Congress, while there
are men, as I know, and every man who has
been in the service knows, who are as loyal
as Abraham Lincoln hims&lf, whose houses we
have razed to the ground, whose dear homes
have vanished in smoke, whose claims Con-
gress has refused and does persistently refuse
to compensate. They are told that it is " the
fortune of war." And yet "the fortune of
peace," it seems, is to.repay to Lamar and
Lowe and other leading rebels every dollar
that we took from them for public uses. It
is an important consideration whether a claim-
ant is loyal or not. Let us have a schedule
of the claims passed upon with the sums
awarded, and a designation of the loyalty or
disloyalty of the claimant, and I will exer-
cise my discretion as to voting money to pay
the rebel before paying the loyal men of the
South.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Smith] asked the gentleman from
Georgia if he had any objection to Congress
knowing what was done in this matter, if he
had any objection to our having information.
And he accompanied the question, as I under-
stood him, with the remark that that was all
that was aimed at by his amendment. Now,
the last clause of that amendment says:
Nor ihall any such judgment be paid unless a
special appropriation therefor be made by Congress.
That requires something more than inform-
ation. It changes the law as it now exists, if
the judgments are paid without specific appro-
priations by Congress. The object of the
amendment, then, is that hereafter, where a
judgment is rendered by the Court of Claims
on one of these cotton claims a report of that
judgment shall be made to us, and we shall
specifically appropriate for that judgment, or
it shall not be paid.
I wish in the first place to say that if inform-
ation is desired in this matter, if that is all
that the gentleman's amendment means, or
that he desires it shall mean, that here upon
the sixty-eighth and sixty-ninth pages of the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury for
this year, and upon the corresponding pages
of the Secretary s report for last year, is to
be found an accurate list of all the judgments
of the Coart of Claims for captured nnd
abandoned property, and t.he amount paid by
the Secretary of the Treasury under our former
legislation upon each claim.
We have, therefore, really the information
which the gentleman talks about in the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury. Now,
I have in my hand the report of the clerk of
the Court of Claims upon the judgments ren-
dered upon cases of this character, and I want
to call the attention of the House to it espe-
cially as showing that the court seems to be
solicitous that no improper judgment shall be
rendered against the United States on account
of these claims. I find on page 2 of the re-
port that the first suit was for $4,200, (I give
round numbers only,) and the judgment was
for $1,158. The second suit was for $29,000
and the judgment was for $17,000, a reduc-
tion of about one half. The next case was
dismissed, and the next four following cases
were dismissed. Then we come to a claim
of $8,000, and the judgment was for $6,000.
Their judgments appear to have been right
and economical, and what is the object of
bringing those judgments thus made up by
lawyers to us for specific appropriations. Is
it not intended to arrest the payment of some
of these claims in which gentlemen say the
men who owned the property were disloyal ?
If that is so, then I say that the Supreme
Court of the United States says that we are
made the depositaries of the fund, and have
no right to withhold payment provided the
parties come before the court and show a
claim to it. It is no reply to this to say that
there are other honest claims which we do not
pay while paying these. It would be wrong
for Congress to make the discrimination pro-
posed, especially when the Supreme Court
have so clearly ruled that it would be unright-
eous and unlawful.
But gentlemen talk about this being property
which was seized for public use during the
war. I deny it. There was a time when the
war had ceased entirely, when by proclama-
tion the President had declared that the war
had ceased; and every one of these claims
arose since that period.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I desire to cor-
rect the gentleman.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman has talked
half an hour about this matter and this is the
first time that I have spoken upon it; I hope
he will allow me to make my statement, and he
can reply to me if he deairea to do so. I say
that the Supreme Court has decided that it is
improper to make this discrimination, and the
only object of bringing this class of claims be-
fore the House is to pay only the claims of
some persons who may be more able than
others to prove their loyalty, and to discrimin-
ate against those who caunot make that proof.
But the Supreme Court says that we have no
right to make that discrimination.
I was remarking, when the gentleman inter-
rupted me, that this property was seized after the
close of the war, and therefore there is noth-
ing in the law which would justify us in saying
that a man whoduring the war may have been
disloyal shall be punished by the rejection of
his claim without trial before the courts of the
country and without conviction.
tHere the hammer fell.]
(r. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that by
nnanimons consent all debate upon this ques-
tion shall close in five minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object. I have
a substitute for the amendment, which I desire
to offer and have an opportunity of explain-
ing.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to answer one or two suggestions
which fell from the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Smith] as to the status of these
cases, and I wish to say to the committee that
I do not think any such proposition as this will
meet the difficulty which he aims to meet.
Now this, as I understand it, is the predica-
ment that we are in in regard to these claim-
ants. We have constituted a court, and we
have authorized suits to be brought by citizens
of the United States in that court for the re-
covery of their property right, a common law
right. We have given to these geotlemen the
efficacy of an ordinary judgment in a state
court or a United States court. The result
under the existing law ia that every recovery
under the law is an establishment of a property
right exactly commensurate with recovery.
Then you find yourselves in this fix : the man
owns the $1,000 that he has recovered under
your law as much as you own your house, and
any report which may be made will bo a re-
port that A or B owns so many thousand dol-
lars under the law.
Now, then, he says that they shall also
report that A was loyal, and that B was loyal,
and that C was disloyal. That does no good ;
C is loyal in contemplation of law; he has
had the benefit of an amnesty. He is like A
and B, and you cannot strike down his rights;
you cannot confiscate them ; you can do noth-
ing with them except to pay them. You can
take his property under your right of eminent
domaiu, but you must pay for it. There, it
seems to me, we must all come out, let us turn
this thing over as we will.
Now, there is a way of meeting the diffi-
culty, and I am in favor of meeting it, just as
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Haw-
ley] is in favor of it. I do not know but there
may be more than one way to do it; this way
occurs to me. I speak from memory, and
gentlemen will correct me if I am wrong. The
Court of Claims originally and in its design,
when we created it, was really an auditing
committee of Congress, to audit the claims
that were to be presented to Congress; their
findings were nothing but information aud
recommendations to Congress, and gave no
right in judgment. Then Congress took the
charge of the subject-matter, and did its
pleasure.
Now it seems to me that we must comeback
to that principle, in order to escape from the
effect of the decision of the Supreme Court in
regard to these amnestied people. They are,
now of us; as the gentleman said, they are
as men who have not sinned, and we must in'
onr laws deal with them as such.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not wish
to occupy much more of the attention of this
House, and would not do so now but for one
purpose. The course of this debate has raised
one point that I want gentlemen to think
of aa they are going on. I will simply men-
tion it, that they may have it in their mind,
and not because I want to elaborate it.
It is true the decision of the Supreme Court
touched the question spoken of by my friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Hawley.] The wiping
away the stain of rebellion and presenting a
man before the court equal among all his tel-
low-citizens before the law. But the gentle-
man from Connecticut, whose speeches always
interest me, made one mistake to which I wish
to call his attention. The Supreme Court has
done more than merely to decide the status
of claimants before the Court of Claims. It
did this: it decided the object and purpose of
the law of 1863 in relation to abandoned
property. It has given its solemn rendition
of what that law was meant to perform > And
the Court of Claims is carrying out the fiat of
Congress as expressed in that law.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will, certainly.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I would
ask the gentleman whether what the Govern-
ment is now doing is what he and those who
passed that law desired to have done, or
whether it is doing something contrary? is
the gentleman in favor of that which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Smith] and
myself are seeking, to be accomplished either
by the pending amendment or by some other
provision of law ? Is the gentleman in favor
of that?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will remember that none of us here were in
Congress when this act was passed, except the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
