1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1477
George S. Gustin, late a private of company
D seventy-fourth regiment Illinois infantry
volunteers ; , . ■
A ,bill (S. No. 96) for the relief.of Cowan
& Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 186} granting
medals to • Captain Jared 8. Crandall and
others. ... ,
TWO PER CENT. FUN®.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the bill which
has been taken up be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The .Bill (S. No,
836) declaring the true construction of a s(#f-
ute, is before the Senate in Committee of the
Whole, and will be read. " '
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Sepretarjf ip
reading the Senate bill instead of the House
bill.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN. They are ident-
ical. '' j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Hpusc bill
is the one the Senator from Illinois inaicatedr
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the. ,pne wt'
want to get before the Senate. I ,believe tijej
bills are identical, word for word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secrecy
will complete threading of t,his bill, ai^dtlipn,
he will find the Hpuse bill and have it before
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is understood that
the House bill is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
The reading of the bill was concluded'.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there has been so.
much opposition tQ taking up this bill on the
ground thai unnecessary time would be con-
sumed, I wish to say that though it was t^ken
up,'on my motion, if it' meets the views of
all friends of the measure, I am willing to
submit it to a vote of the Senate without dis-
cussion. I think it i's understood. Reports
have been made in regard to it; and the Sena-
tor from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] during the pres-
ent Congress made an elaborate speech on the
subject. In order to economize time I am
willing that the vote shall be taken on the
passage of the bill without discussion on our
part. I will not "even take time to make a
statement in reference to the bill if the Senate,
will acquiesce in that disposition of it; other-
wise I should' desire to make a, brief state-
ment to explain the grounds on which the bill
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not
yet read the report. I have not had time to
read it myself, and I therefore ask that it may
be read at the desk.
Mr THURMAN. I wish to state to my
friend from Illinois, and. the Senate, how this
matter stands. We want the House bill before
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
so ruled.
Mr. 1"HURMAN. The "bills are identical;
but the House bill was referred as well as the
Senate bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and I supposed the report was upon both bills,
the Senate bill and the House bill. It appears
that the report was only upon the Senate bill,
and the other bill is still in committee. _ I
therefore move now, if it is in order, to dis-
charge the committee from the consideration
of the House bill so that it may be before the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection that will be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I believe this whole
thing is in violation of the best understanding
responsible people could ever make, I object.
Mr. THURMAN. I make the motion to
discharge the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. That must go over until
to-morrow under the rule we have. It is a
resolution. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any motion m
regard to this bill which has been reported
back by the Senate Judiciary Committee is in
order nO w f butany motion iu regard to another
bill must be subject to the rules of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I must -express my
surprise that any objection should be made to
discharging the committee from the consid-
eration of the House bill. That-House bill I
understand to be identical with the Senate bill.
They wme both referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. Through, I am sure, mere inadvert-
ence the Senator who drew up the report has
reported upon one bill aud notupon the other.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. - lie Senate bill
was referred-—r-
Mr. THURMAN. Long before.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senate bill
was referred to the Judiciary Committee at
the last session, and was then the only bill on
the subject before the Senate. That there
might be ho delay in this matter I prepared
the: report immediately, at the last session.
Whsn it eame up this session, the report as it
was prepared at the last session when only the
Senate bill was before us, was. adopted and
submitted.
..Mr. THURMAN. That is the way it hap-
pened. Manifestly, it was the intention of the
committee to report on both bills; if it was
not their intention it.was their duty; and I do
submit to .my friend, the chairman, th t it is
not right to delay tbe matter now and take
advantage of the failure of the committee to
report on both bills,, as they were required to
do by. the order of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should, be very sorry
to do anything which would meet the just
eriticiam of my friend from Ohio or any other
Senator; but this seems to have resolved
itself into a question of power, whether the
appropriation bills and other indispensable
matters in the few days of this session should
be set aside and other matters considered in
advance. The power has been applied, and
we have the result before us, against the pro-
test of those who know perfectly well that the
general understanding was all around that we
should dispose of the appropriation bills in
order not to be obliged to have an extra ses-
sion. Now let those who take the sword make
the benefit from it that they are entitled to.
Under any other circumstances I should not
feel justified in making any objection ; but,
inasmuch as we are on a question of strength,
the weak must try their strength as well as the
strong.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am surprised there
should be so much heat about this matter in
the Senate. Here is a proposition pressed by
one fifth of the people of the United States.
We have not pressed it unduly. The bill was
presented a year ago, at the last session of Con-
gress, and the Committee on the Judiciary
were.charged to examine it; and neglected for
ten months to pass upon the question. -Yes,
sir, they neglected it for ten months, and now
propose' to take advantage of a technicality,
never before in the history of the Senate in-
dulged in, in order to defeat the action of the
majority.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My friend will
permit me to say that it was referred to me as
one of a sub-committee of the Committee on
the Judiciary, and I prepared the report im-
mediately, and it has been prepared for six
months.
Mr. SHERMAN. And yet the Senate of
the United States have never had the oppor-
tunity to act, and we who represent these States
have never had the opportunity to call for the
judgment of the Senate on this'question affect-
ing our States, and in regard to which we are
acting under the instructions of our Legisla-
tures, because the Committee on the Judiciary,
charged with this matter, failed to make a re-
port. And uow, after a majority of the Senate
have yielded to what is plainly the right of a
large portion of the people of the United States
interested in the claim of these three States,
and have said that it ought to be taken up and
decided, we are met with the technicality that
one of the bills referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary-was not repotted back, thfe only
bill upon which we can get final action. -
Now, I do appeal to my friend-from Ver-
mont not to insist on his objection. I have
said nothing about; this matter, though I have
looked over the figures -and examined them.
Btit I say that if the Committee on the Ju-
diciary hold that bill of the House in' their
hands, and refuse to report it, taking advantage
of a, technicality, I would not only insist upon
the motion to discharge, but I would proceed
to-day and show that the majority have some
power. The minority have no right to inter-
pose, under these peculiar circumstances, the
technicality that I now mention. I will insist,
so far as my Vote will go, that we shall go on
and consider the Senate bill, and we will devise
by to-morrow some way by which we may get
the House bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary. We may go on with the debate.
The two bills are identical. I do not think
the majority of the Senate ought to be thwarted
by a technicality made at this time and under
these circumstances. The Committee on the
Judiciary for ten long1 months have had under
consideration a bill identical in' character-to
that passed by the House, word for word. They
foiled to report for a long time; and every
day since they did report we have urged the
consideration of the Senate for that bill- 
■ Mr. CONKLING. Failed to report what?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate bill. When
was this report made, I ask?
Mr. PRATT. This report was made on the
5th day of this month. The Senate bill was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary on
the 2d day of April last, ten months Ago.
Mr, SHERMAN. I wish to get only the
facts. I say again that here is a proposition
presented by three States, pressed by the Sen-
ators of three States, under instructions of
their Legislatures, involving a claim of a little
over a million dollars. We pass such claims
almost every day. This IB a claim that has
been long deferred; no interest is claimed.
The bill was presented ayear ago,arid referred
to the Committee- on the Judieiary, and they
never gave us their report or gave us an oppor-
tunity of calling it up for the judgment of the
Senate until during this present month, at a
time when weswere in the hurry of the closing
scenes of the session. During that time a bill
has been passed by the House of Represent-
atives, and referred to that committee; and
they hold that bill now, and refuse to give us
a report on it and raise a technicality. The
chairman of the committee raises a techni-
cality here, -that the Senate of the United
States oannot.get at that bill to-day because
a motion of that kind' must have one day's
notice. 1
• Mr. President, this is the position in which
we are placed. As a majority'of the Senate
have Baid they will take up and consider the
Senate bill, let us go on and do it, and by to-
morrow at farthest we will find some means
to get at the bill which has passed the House
of Representatives, and upon which we can
have final action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The valor of my friend
from Ohio almost frightens me out of my pro-
priety. What warriors are going to do to-
morrow is always dangerous in conflict. The
warriors of to-day we are not afraid of, but the
unseen to-morrow and its great achievements
of course strike us with dread. Now, I am
not a bit afraid, inasmuch as this danger is
only to happen to-morrow, as we all know the
law of the Senate decided upon by a majority
at this very session. I am not a bit afraid of
what will happen to us to-morrow, and I am
not a bit afraid to stand on my rights as a Sen-
ator, from a small State to be sure, as against
a Senator from a great State. I confess I do
not consider myself very valiant in doing that,
because I do not think there is the least dan-
ger. I shall not be thought to be a self-valiant
hero from the fact that I am not afraid on this
