178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Butler.
42d Cong....3d
this claim to interfere with the choice of the
people in the selection of their Representatives
for themselves.
My learned friend from Vermont [Mr. Po-
land] in opening this case declared this power
of standing between the people and their
choice for Representatives, saying that a mur-
derer would be eligible to election, bat that he
would expel him at once. Pardon me, then,
if people can elect a murderer, what power
have you to expel him? If it is no disquali-
fication for election, why have you the right to
judge over the people's heads and expel him?
I was very much amused when my learned col-
league, [Mr. Banks,] as an illustration, in-
formed us that if any member slandered the
Speaker during the election-he would be open
to expulsion. There would not be many Dem-
ocrats on the other side of the House left if
this view of this power is to be carried out,
because there were not many of them who in
the canvass did not utter very hard sayings, not
only against the Speaker, but against all the
rest of us during the last canvass.
I have no doubt they thought them true, but
is it a ground for expulsion if they did not
think them true ? It is not a ground for ex-
pulsion in my judgment. They might have
convinced their constituents that their utter-
ances were true and that for that very reason
they were sent here to correct the evils which
they show existed among us; but may we,
differing from them, expel them? My learned
friend also cited, to fright, us from our pro-
priety, a case which has been cited at every
nisi piins trial since Professor Webster was
hanged. He, they say, committed a secret
warder at the Cambridge College, and had all
the respectability of that college attaching to
him. The murder was revealed suddenly.
It was committed before his election possible
to Congress. He might have been here sit-
ting side by side with us, and what would
have been our remedy when the murder was
discovered, if we could not try him for it and
fexpel him? An obvious one, the sheriff would
have come here and taken him back to Mas-
sachusetts, and he would have been hung.
We should not have been obliged to debate the
matter for three days, or to have a select com-
mittee incubating on the case for six weeks,
only to declare that Webster had killed Park-
man and the murder still continued in him,
but that Parkman was not killed at all.
Leaving the modern doctrine, let us go back
to old bases, and ground ourselves upon the
immutable principle of the law of our fathers,
that no man shall be held to answer for a
crime on any pretense whatever by anybody
on earth, except upon the presentment of a
grand jury.
I thauk God that John Quincy Adams ex-
tracted that provision from the constitution
of Massachusetts and caused it to be passed
as an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States—a provision that every man
may invoke for his protection against passion
and prejudice, and is his safety in life, lib-
erty, and property. The safety is in the fact
that a man is to be tried by his peers, his
neighbors in the vicinage, for any act done
by him. He is not to be brought five hun-
dred miles from home to be tried by those
who know him not. If you will try Oakes
Ames in North Easton or in the county of
Plymouth, Massachusetts, you will find that it
will take much more than crying over the alle-
gations when you make them to such a jury to
convict him. They will tell you that they
know Mr. Ames to be what my colleague [Mr.
Banks] told us he knew he was, an honest
man, a truthful man. By your Constitution
Ames has a right to be tried, for any crime
alleged against him, by his neighbors who
have known him during his long life—a valu-
able right given to him by the Constitution,
guarantied by the Constitution, and which I
respectfully and earnestly submit and protest
that we have not a right to take away from
him by punishing him at our own good will
and pleasure. Touch not the legal rights of
any man, for there is no day ana no hour in
which each one of you may not have to call
upon the laws of your country, and a sharp
aud incisive execution of them, for your own
protection against party passion or personal
prejudice.
No man can say to-day what may happen in
the whirligig of time ; no man has a right to
say "I will do a little wrong in order to do great
good." You are Representatives, each of you,
of one hundred and twenty thousand constitu-
ents, men chosen for your uprightness, your
candor, for your knowledge of affairs, for
your steadfastness in the belief of your people
that you will stand for the right. You, the law-
makers, stand between the wrong and the
right always, and you must give every man his
full rights under the law, however wrong in
act you deem him to have been. Some of
those now sitting have been sent here by their
constituents because they believed them to
have been right in their conduct in the past,
although they broke all laws; that they were
steadfast men for the right or for what they
understood to be the right, for the rights of
the States; that they were true to their homes
and firesides. And these people gave them
their seats ; and although the arbitrament of
war has determined they were wrong, yet
some of you are sent here because your peo-
ple believed that you stood up for the right at
any cost according to your convictions and
judgment.
Just men and true men stand together for
legal right without fear or favor, and for what?
To save a man, honest, so honest that he could
pass through that fiery ordeal which has been
fatal to so many men, when it is admitted he
could save himself by telling a lie, but with
the oath of God upon him he swerved not from
the truth. Is there a man on earth that would
not rejoice and be exceeding glad to win be-
fore the whole country at almost any expense
this so high commendatiou that when he could
by lying save himself, he stood by the truth,
so that he is ready to go hence, as shortly he
must, to meet his God, the God of truth, for
whose oath he has shown such respect.
I dare not spend more'of this flying .hour
permitted to me on this question of jurisdic-
tion. Let me glance at the assertion that we
must purify tho House. Well, sir, how long
since has this necessity of purification been
upon us? We have sat here with these two
men, as corrupt as they may be, and their cor-
ruption is alleged to be here only as a con-
spiracy these long years; we have four days
more only to sit with them. They are no worse
now than five years ago, upon the finding of
the committee. If we are not contaminated
up to this time, we are very likely to escape
as well during four days more. If we are con-
taminated already, turning these men out will
not stop the operation of the virus. [Laughter
and applause.]
I want to call to your recollection Some in-
stances where the chairman of the committee,
as well as the House, do not seem to have
been so keenly alive to the necessity of instantly
setting in motion the engine of purification and
purgation by expulsion, not only in this but
former committees and other Houses. I grieve
to be obliged to bring in the name of an absent
person ; but everything must give way to con-
siderations of public justice. When Mr. C. C.
Bowen, of South Carolina, offered himself be-
fore this House to be sworn in as a member, a
member arose in his place and upon his re-
sponsibility accused him, as we have already
been told, of murdering his colonel prior to
his election and escaping from the law. That
was heard by the Committee of Elections to
which his case was referred. They knew the
the charge; they were notified of it. There
was the very ease so eloquently painted by my
colleague [Mr. Banks] of a murderer who had
got in here or apparently about to get in.
Did that committee inquire into the case?
Did they even enter upon that inquiry ? The
"contagion " of murder was streaming out all
over him, if the accusation was true. Nay, he
had been convicted by a competent tribunal,
if the allegation was true; but the committee
could at all events have found out whether the
charge was true if they could have got a wit-
ness like Oakes Ames who would have told
the truth. Indeed, one would have thought
they would have felt the moral contagion of
his presence.
Now perhaps some Credit Mobilier men got
on that Committee of Injections who would not
hear anything about it. Because we are told
by my eloquent colleague [Mr. Banks] that
Credit Mobilier pervades us all except a fewj
not ten men, only five—the number of the
committee. It required ten to save Sodom ;
we have only five here. [Laughter.] Now I
find on that Committee of Elections my very
excellent friend, George W. McCrary of
Iowa, Job E. Stevenson of Kentucky—no,
of Ohio ; I beg Kentucky's pardon, [great
laughter,] and Luke P. Poland of Vermont.
The chairman of this committee and all were
active in pressing on this investigation. Now,
why did not the necessity of purgation ana
purification occur to them, then ?
Nay, more; Christopher C. Bowen was then
convicted of bigamy, well known and under-
stood, because it was done here rightunder our
eyes. And yet for months we allowed him to sit
here with us in this Hall to contaminate every
married man in this House. [Great laughter.]
Not only so, but we gave him by solemn reso-
lution reported not by the select Committee on
Credit Mobilier, but by the Committee of Elec-
tions, composed in part of the same men—we
gave him time to get extra witnesses, by which
he might compel us to receive himself into our
company.
Where, then, in the mind of the learned gen-
tlemen wh'o made this report to us is the doc-
trine of the necessity of purgation and purifi-
cation, which to my great surprise I read for
tho first time in this report? Where, then,
I say, was at that time in the minds of these
gentlemen this new doctrine of the right to
expel a man because of the " necessity of self-
purgation and of self-purification?"
Nay, sir, I could cite many other cases, were
some of them not too painful. We remem-
ber when a member of this House from Cali-
fornia killed an unoffending waiter in one of
the_hotels of this city, struck him down and
deliberately murdered him: yet the House
refused to entertain jurisdiction upon the ques-
tion of expelling him for this murder.
Nay more: a member of this House, feeling
that his own honor had been tarnished by the
seduction of his wife, armed himself, went out
into the streets and shot down one of the first
men of the District uriSer such circumstances
that if the act had been done in New England
no jury that I ever had the honor of addressing
there, during thirty years' practice of the law,
would have acquitted him. Yet he came into
this House afterward ; and there was no
attempt at "purification," and no "self-pur-
gation" by the House. And the laws passed
by Congress since have had some influence
upon the country. My excellent colleague
[Mr. Banks] told us that if we did not expel
murderers and other men of that class when
they got in here, the laws which we might pass
would have no influence; and therefore he is
determined to expel a man who he says is as
honest a man as ever breathed, and who tells
the truth when others falter.
