1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
arising under the laws of war, where the
liability of the Government is at best doubtful,
and in mv judgment does not exist at all. As
one of the ordinary incideuts of war a man's
house may be within the range of our cannon
or its removal may be necessary for the pur-
pose of carrying on military operations, but 1
1 do not believe that a person suffering in that
way, as one of the incidents of war, has any
right to come in here and demand that he
pliall be reimbursed out of the public Treasury.
It is his misfortune perhaps to be so situated ;
and I am glad that men who had property
t xposed in that way were loyal, although I am
sorry it should have been destroyed. I say,
however, that there is do obligation of the
Government in such a case, and if we make j
payment at all it is simply as a gratuity.
Such a case as that is not to be brought in
here to defeat the claims of parties to money
belonging to them which is in oar hands.
There is no comparison between the two
classes ot claims. In one case the legal obli-
gation is perfect, in the other there is simply a
claim upon onr bounty. In the one case the
conscience of the nation is bound and pay-
ment must be made ; in the other it may be
that with an overflowing Treasury we shoald
be willing to grant some gratuity.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is there not a very plain
and palpable difference recognized by the law
of nations between property destroyed by the
casualties of war and property taken and sold
by the Government and the*proceeds paid into
the Treasury?
Mr. SARGENT. I understand so; and it
was upon that difference I was insisting.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on this para-
graph is now closed by order of the House.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Smith, of New York, it was not
agreed to ; there being ayes thirty-eight, noes
not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treasury,
$3.500; assistant solicitor, $3,000; chief clerk, $2,000;
four clerks of class four, three clerks of class three,
three clerks of class two, two clerks of class one, one
messenger, and one laboror; in all, $23,660.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out $3,500
and inserting $5,000 as the compensation of
the Solicitor of the Treasury. My amendment
will make the salary of this officer equal to
that of the Solicitor of the Internal Revenue.
When we passed the act establishing the De-
partment of Justice, and regulating the salaries
of the different officers therein, we omitted the
important office of Solicitor of the Treasury,
so that his salary was left at $3,500, while we
gave to the Solicitor of Internal Revenue as
well as to the three Assistant Attorneys Gen-
eral, officers of about the same legal rank, a
salary of $5,000. The increase proposed in
my amendment ought to be made to equalize
the salary of the Solicitor of the Treasury with
that of the other officers I have uamed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] has called
attention to what is a manifest truth in this
case; but it is equally manifest in a hundred
or perhaps a thousand other cases. It is
really a shame to this Government that our
officers are paid salaries so utterly unequal.
There is no harmony among these salaries.
But I beg the Committee of the Whole not to
undertake on an appropriation bill the work
of revising these salaries. To pick out one
of these inequalities and attempt to remedy it
here without a full discussion of everything
belonging to the whole subject is inequitable.
Furthermore, the salary here is that of an
office just established.
Mr. MAYNARD. My amendment refers
to the Solicitor of the Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I speak of the
Solicitor of Internal Revenue. His office is
only recently established, and, with the enorm-
ous duties connected with it, is likely to be
abolished before long. I hope we shall not
long have need of a department of internal
revenue. When this office ceases to exist,
the inequality of which the gentleman speaks
will disappear. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it not a fact that when
we established the Department of Justice this
officer was omitted by an oversight?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Possibly that
is so.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. The other day when we
were on page 36 of the bill the Committee of
the Whole gave consent that the provision
with reference to the Territory of Washington
should be passed over, because the Commit-
tee on Appropriations were examining the
question with reference to that Territory. I
now move to amend by inserting after line
eight hundred and sixty-one, on page 30, the
following:
For per diem and mileage of members and officers
of the Legislative Assembly, $14,000; Provided, That
the sessions of said Legislative Assembly shall not
hereafter extend beyond forty 4ays from tho first, day
of meeting thereof; for printing laws and journals,
$4,000; for stationery, fuel, lights, rent, and other
incidental expenses, $2,000; in all $20,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask that
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Orb.] have
leave to offer the amendment to which he made
reference the other day.
Mr. ORR. I move to amend by adding on
page 6 of the bill, after the words "three
assistant engineers, at $1,440 each," the fol-
lowing :
And the electrical apparatus for the lighting of
the Hall of the House, the Borne and Rotunda, and
old Hall of Representatives shall be placed in charge
of the Baid engineer, and operated by person or per-
sons under his ch.urge to bo designated by him. sub-
ject to the control and supervision of the Architect
of the Capitol and the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds ; and the officers oi electri-
cian and assistant electrician are hereby abolished.
We have already struck out the appropri-
ation for the electrician, atld this amendment
only provides the manner in which the lighting
shall be done. It simply provides that the
engineer haviug in charge the ventilation of
the House shall take charge of this subject
under the supervision of the architect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the following
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section nine of an act making appropriations
for the support of the Army tor the year ending June
30, 1872, and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1871, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr, SARGENT. I raise the point of order
on that amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think there will
be any objection to that when it comes to be
understood.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the section to
which the amendment is moved be read. It is
a section of an appropriation bill which this
amendment proposes to repeal, and I ask that
that section be reported.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to its being reported, but the point of
order is not withdrawn to the amendment
itself.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the point of order so the section of
the law may be read.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe the gentleman
himself is not in favor of having new legisla-
tion passed on appropriation bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the section of
the law may be read before the point of order
is insisted upon.
Mr. SARGENT. In the line of the gentle-
man's own practice, I must object.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order be-
ing insisted npon, the Chair must sustain it and
rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the following
amendment:
That no money shall be hereafter paid out of the
Treasury of the United States to any railroad com-
pany for transportation of mails, troops, or other-
wise, which may be now in default of interest due
to the Government on the bonds of the United
States given or loaned to such railroad company for
the construction of the railroad of the said company
so in default.
Mr. SARGENT. I make the point of order
against the amendment that it changes exist-
ing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will sustain
the point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. It is only a restriction
upon the appropriations made in this bill, and
I understand that limitations of appropriations
in appropriation bills are in order in the way
of amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. Can the gentleman
Eoint out any particular appropriation in this
ill to which it refers ?
Mr. RANDALL. I am not able to point
out any particular appropriation, but I have
no doubt there are many appropriations in
this bill which may be used in payment for
transportation of troops and for carryiug the
mail as well as for other purposes. These
companies thug in default of payment of
interest should not be paid for transportation
of mails, &c., until their indebtedness has been
paid for.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
any appropriation in this bill making appro-
priation for the payment of this interest can be
amended as the gentleman proposes, but the
Chair does not know of any such provision, and
the gentleman has not pointed out anything.
The Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have an amendment to
offer before the bill is reported to the House.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That there be allowed to the officer disbursing
the contingentfund and other expenses of the House
of Representatives an annual sum of $576, and the
compensation of the tally clerk and assistant Journal
clerks is fixed at $3,000 per annum, and the appro-
priation for the next fiscal year is hereby made.
That makes the Clerk of the House in ref-
erence to salary the same a3 the Secretary of
the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I must make the point
of order on the amendment unless the Clerk
of the House Committee of Ways and Means
is also included.
Mr. HALE. I will not yield for the pur-
pose of an amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I make the point
of order that it changes existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish the gentleman from
Maine to state that this does not come from
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. To what officers does this
apply in the first place?
Mr. HALE. The Clerk of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then why not say so at
once? Is there any law authorizing this
officer to make disbursements ?
Mr. HALE. The Clerk of the House is so
authorized to make disbursements.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now, Mr. Chairman, the
trouble about the matter is this: the Secretary
of the Senate disburses the money that pays
the Senators, I believe ; and this will lay the.
foundation of an argumeut for an increase in
the Senate salaries as well as here. Thus the
balance is being everlastingly changed from
one side to the other, and the result is that we
are everlastingly putting the salaries up. I
know what an ungracious performance it is
to object to the increase of the salaries of the
gentlemen around us in this Hall. But, sir, you
cannot raise any salary here without laying the
foundation on which other salaries will be
raised.
