1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
What a corollary to this doctrine of purga-
tion and purification I
Sir, I ask every member before he votes
to say where lies the jurisdiction before us—
not in a necessity for self-protection; we can
protect ourselves. When any member does
anything disorderly, or anything that renders
him unfit to sit here, we have the remedy in
our hands. His act need not be a crime. If
he has an infectious disease, if he is insane,
although he may be as pure morally as an
angel in Heaven, yet he may be expelled for
the protection of the House. We have full
right and power to protect ourselves from
every danger, yea, inconvenience; but we have
no right to use this power of protection for
punishment. That is the point.
Laws provide for the punishment of crime.
Any crime committed by any member of this
House is not excused by the privilege of the
House ; the sheriff or the marshal may come
here and take him out of the House any day,
and carry him before the courts, which have
been established for the trial and punishment
of crimes, and which are governed not by
caprice, but by law.
I have already shown in the report of the
"so-called Judiciary Committee," indorsed by
all but one member of that committee, how
dangerous is the exercise of this power to pun-
ish ; and this is why I feel to the last degree
under a sense of responsibility upon this ques-
tion. Think of it a moment, my friends; think
of it, you who are in the minority to-day. In
the next House of Representatives the Repub-
lican party will have two thirds majority. How
easy it will be, by appealing to party preju-
dices, to vote out those who are obnoxious to
us. If we lack a majority at the next election,
how easy will it be in the next House, which
will count the presidential votes, to expel a
few men and throw the whole majority against
the election of the people. Our excuse,
" purification and purgation."
This power is one which if you undertake
now to give a precedent for its use will be
abused ; and if-it were the last act of my life
I would put my prayer to the House as I
would to God for forgiveness of sins, that this
unbroken line of precedents extending over
one hundred years, wholly intact so far as this
country is concerned, may not here now be
broken down. The safety of the country will
in the future be in the ability to point to an
unbroken line of precedents sustaining intact
the rights of Representatives as I do now. No
man has disturbed that line of precedents, no
legislative body has overthrown it. The
framers of the Constitution themselves estab-
lished the precedent. It has been followed
from that day to this, and I pray this House
not to give the weight of their authority as a
precedent to bad men in bad times.
Sir, there is one thing that has seemed to
me peculiarly unhappy in this discussion. I
am one of those who desire to let bygones be
bygones; men should not, it seems to me, re-
call unpleasant memories. Yet, if the adjutant
general of Isham G. Harris of Tennessee, who
went with his Governor out of the Union be-
fore his State seceded, when that Governor
took with him the money of the State from the
bank of Tennessee, and carried it over to the
rebellion 
Mr. WHITTHORNE. That is not so, Gen-
eral ; it is not so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ex-
pected the gentleman might deny it, and quite
likely truly in so doing; but suppose some
investigating committee should try to find it
out and report otherwise. [Laughter.] As-
suming that for a moment, because there may
be men who would judge as wrongly of your
case as this committee has of Oakes Ames,
except so far as his truthfulness and honesty
are concerned. That is the very danger to
which I am trying to call attention. If that
adjutant general of whom I am speaking had
lived in England, his head would now be grin-
ning on a pole, looking at the burning of his
entrails, as a punishment for his treason.
Mr. BINGHAM. After he was dead; how
could he see them ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
say he could see them. [Laughter.]
Now, then by the grace of God and the
Republican party, that man having all of his
disabilities removed on his own request and
brought here among us by his constituents, to
sit with us, if we can stand that contamination,
cannot he stand Oakes Ames, the honest man?
[Laughter.]
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Am I here to com-
pound a felony ? Was that the grace which
was extended to me ? If so it is not the enter-
tainment to which I was invited.
Mr. BINGHAM. Was not the other a
felony ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was not
the Other gentleman honored by quite as respect-
able a constituency who never did commit
tr6diS0n ?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I do not know that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do. I
think gentlemen ought to remember the words
of Him who spake as never man spake: "Let
him who is without sin among you cast the
first stone." Therefore I pray you all on both
sides, make 110 precedents that may comeback
to plague the inventor. J do not know but I
may be a rebel myself before I die. I cer
tainly shall be if I see anything in the Govern-
ment oppressing or overthrowing the right and
the weak, because I stand for the right and the
oppressed here and everywhere. 1 will never
desert the cause of right, as I understand the
right to be. Therefore I pay obedience to the
rule of law, to the rule of precedents, to the
rule of our Government. Those principles
you should hold on to aa you would to the
sheet-anchor of hope. Let the future take as
the guide of its path the precedents of the
past.
My time will not permit me further to deal
with these legal questions, and I pass on to
speak for the minutes permitted to me to
the evidence. Perhaps 1 should not do that
at all. We start off here as the first accused
with Mr. Oakes Ames, a mechanic of Massa-
chusetts, a shovelmaker of Massachusetts, a
man who has by his own right arm carved out
a fortune which would have satisfied the
ambition of any man, and which would have
been a large one if he had not periled it in an
enterprise to connect one ocean shore of this
country with the other.- At the hour when
nearly half of this Union was struggling to
overthrow the other, when the whole earth
resounded to the tramp of armed men in the
field warring against the country at that day,
in the darkest hour of our fortunes he came
forward, placed down $800,000 as his subscrip-
tion to send the railroad across the continent
to bind the East and the West together with
an iron tie, because he had seen the North
and South struggling to separate. It may have
been done for motives of patriotism or motives
of gain. He trusted his country's future, and
his act was patriotic ; and if to do good to
his country and mankind was his motive, he
did well, and no man has the right or power
to say it was not.
That man had up to the day, up to that
hour when he did that act, an unquestioned,
blameless life, the reputation of which he
bears to-day, thank God for itl With it he
will go to his bome in spite of all your power
with a brighter record than many of those
who accuse him. He will go borne out by the
statement of his accusers that he is an honest
man, upon the agreement of everybody that
he is an honest man. If there is a man in the
House who will rise in his place and say that
he does not in his heart believe Oakes Ames
is aa honest and truthful man I pause for him
to speak out, "for him have I offended."
Who is there who does not believe substan-
tially every word Oakes Ames says in his tes-
timony? Your committee have certified to its
truth. Who, then, does not believe he is an
honest man? Surely not those who allowed
him to be the trustee of their property; and
he kept debit and credit about it in his simple
blacksmith way, but kept it with an accuracy
which shows more of truthful honesty than the
account books of the most resplendent count-
ing-room in the land.
We have here an hopest man, a patriotic
man, a truthful man, and we are to expel him
lest we should be contaminated with honesty,
truth, and patriotism. [Applause.]
Now, then, starting with such a defendant,
what is the allegation against him? For, sir,
I am told that out of his own mouth he is
judged. _ I agree with my colleague [Mr.
Banks] if Oakes Ames had chosen to lie or
swerved one hair from the truth when the
thumb-screws of torture of the fear of falsify-
ing his oath were put on him, which to him,
an honest and truthful man, was more than
all the bodily pam of the bone-crushing rack,
if he had chosen then to lie, to prevaricate,
to quibble, he would have been safe, as the
committee admit, but we would not have
been contaminated by his truthfulness. All
agree he told the exact truth. And when
you find a man does tell the exact truth, you
are bound to take the truth as he tells it.
Now, what is the truth of this affair ? He tells
you frankly that in 1865 he was brought into
this Pacific railroad after a great deal of per-
suasion, when all other capitalists faltered,
with his brother, and that then they went for-
ward with the enterprise, asking for no legisla-
tion in behalf of the road and expecting none.
Because it will be remembered this legislation
providing for the subrogation of bonds, &c.,
of the United States to those of the road had
all passed in 1862 and 1864, before the Ameses
had anything to do with it or knew anything
about it. Therefore there is no guilt thrown
upon him, if guilt there be, in regard to that
legislation. He took stock in the road, and
he agreed with some of the best men of this
nation to go into a corporation for the purpose
of building this road, beoause they foresaw
its magnitude might swamp any individual
contractor. That is the story he tells you,
and nobody can doubt it. They saw that no
individual contractor whom they could pro-
cure would be able to carry the construction
through. They tried Mr. Hoxie on three hun-
dred and twenty-seven of the easiest miles of
the road, and he failed to carry out his con 
tract; and they organized the Credit Mobilier
Company to construct the remainder.
Now, I am not here to defend the Credit
Mobilier, or lo defend any portion of that
machinery. But if Oakes Ames sinned in
that transaction, rememberthat he sinned with
hundreds of others, and these the best busi-
ness men of this land who took stock in that
enterprise; and it never has been alleged
against them as a crime that they held the.
stock; so that holding the stock of the Credit
Mobilier merely is not to be alleged against
him as a crime. What next ? Did he conceal
his part in all this as ashamed of it? No, sir.
Did not every man of this House in the Fortieth
Congress know that Oakes Ames was a large
holder of this stock? Was it not in every
newspaper? Did not everybody hear of it,
with words of praise? Was not Credit Mo-
bilier talked of here in 1867 and in 1868, and
everywhere, and did not everybody know that
Oakes Ames was a holder of that stock ? All
his constituents knew it as well as they knew
the way to his shovel factory. There was no
