1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&I.
1479
ibis session in the committee in the considera-
tion of the question, and the Senator ,had his
-own way about it in all respects except as to
the result, and just such bills were reported
•from the committee as were moved. As I say,
I did not know which,bill it was, or if I ever
did I had forgotten until this moment. Yester-
day, and I believe the day before, motions were
made to proceed to the consideration of this
business. They were uniformly voted down,
and apparently by a large majority, so large
that Senators making the motions did not I
believe think it fit to call for a division, and I
supposed it was the universal sense of the
Senate that tie public business required us to
dispose of the appropriation bills aqd of the
Utah bill in one way or another before we
went on to disputable biljs which could wait
until the next session of Congress, if there were
not time to do all th^ business at this.
I had not expected to submit any extended
remarks on this subject, for it, is a matter that
I have no feeling about. If these States are
entitled to this money they ought to have it,
like the other people on the Calendar; arid if
not, they ought not. , It is a proper matter to
be considered when ..ip view of other public
business it properly can. I had supposed, as
I say,, that the, matter was E^apdoned; and
therefore it is an entire surprise" to me that
the Senator from Illinois should have moved
again to-day to proceed with itj and I do not
think it quite the gracious thing to do.
Mr. THURMAN.; Will the Senator allow
me to correct him? •
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMA'N. t made ,£he first motion
to proceed to the consideration of this bill,
and the vote was, taken by yeas and nays. That
was several days ago. The vote was twenty-
four to postpone an appropriation bill which
was then before the Senate to thirty-one
against, numerous Senators, all the Commit-
tee on Appropriations and all the Naval Com-
mittee—tor it was the naval appropriation bill
then pending—voting against postponing that
bill, although some of them were in favor of
the two percent, bill- I think that was a very
strong vote. Yesterday I moved twice to
take up this bill, but I dared not divide the
Senate upon it, because there was not a
quorum of the Senate here either,time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it was kaown to my
friend that there was no quorum here, we ought
not to have done any business at all, for I do
not believe in the propriety of- doing business
when there is no quorum, either with or with-
out a division; but that is a question of taste
perhaps, not to say constitutional law.- But I
have Celt entirely -justified in making this ob-
jection now, aside from all I have said, in the
(act that I believe it a surprise to all the people
who were not in the secret, if it was a secret,1
that this motion was to be made to-day and
this matter again forced on to- consideration:
So that, for one, in order to do justiee to my-
self and to the Treasury and to these States,,
I wish to have the matter go over until a time
when we can know, if that is. the pleasure of
the Senate, that the thing is going to be taken
up or is liable to be taken up. I had dismissed
the matter entirely from my mind and gone to
other subjects, for the Senate tad repeatedly
refused to take this up, supposing it to be uni-
versally acquiesced in that we should first dis-
pose of the appropriation bills. Now, if
standing around me right in view of such cir-
cumstances, Senators think I am wrong I am
very sorry indeed ; but inasmuch as I do not
think I am wrong myself, t shall.be obliged to
stand upon the ground I have assumed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and open to debate or amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
Ijggjj read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Frelinghttysen, on the Sth
instant:.
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred Senate bill No. 836, entitled "A bill declar-
ing the true intent of a statute," respectfully submit
the following report:
. The bill declares that the true intent and mean-
ing of the second section of the act approved March
3,1857, entitled 44 An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the States of Missis-
sippi and other States," is that Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois not-having received five per cent, of the
net proceeds of the sale of public lands within their
respective limits in money, shall have their accounts
stated, both on the public lands and reservations,
and such cash balance as has not been paid to said
States shall be allowed and paid.
The object of the bill is that the United States
shall state an account with these States, and not
charge against them expenditures, if any, made by
arrangements with those States on their behalf, but
only charge them with payments made them in
money.
The' States of Ohio and Indiana, respectively,
make a claim against the United States of about
$400,000 each, and the State of Illinois claims about
$500,000, founded on law and facts, as follows:
By the organic law admitting Ohio as a State,
(April 30. 1802, 2 Stat., ch. 20, sec. 7, p. 175, and
March 3,1803,2Stat., ch. 22. sec. 2, p. 228,) it is pro-
vided tfcfct section No. 16, in every township, or its
equivalent where such section has been sold, shall
be devoted to the use of schools: that the six miles
reservation containing salt springs shall be granted
to the Slate-for'the use of the .people; "and that
five per cent, of the net proceeds of lands within
the State sold by Congress shall be applied to the
laying out and'making public roads leading from the
navigable waters emptying into the Atlantic, to the
Ohio, to the said State, and through the same, such
roads to be laid out with the authority of Congress,
with the consent of the several States through
which the road shall pass;" and the lawfurther pro-
vides that the foregoing propositions are offered on
the condition that, by an ordinance irrevocable
without the consent of the United States, the State
shall provide that each and every tract of land sold
by Congress shall remain exempt from any tax laid
by order or under authority of the State, whether
for State, county, township, or any other purpose,
for the term of five years after the day of sale.
Ohio accepted these propositions November, 1802,
(1 Chase Stat., p. 74.) Congress, March 3. 1803, (2
Stat., ch. 22,-sec. 2, p. 226,) relinquished to Ohio three
per cent, of the said five per cent., to be applied by
that State to making roads within the State, leaving
two per cent, to be applied as aforesaid to what was
afterward known as tne " Cumberland Road."
The States of Indiana and Illinois were admitted
into the Union under like organic laws.
The lav* relating td Indiana was passed April 19,
1816, (3 Stat:, ch. 57, sec, 6, p. 289.) and provides that
the two percent, "shall be applied to the making
of a road or roads leading to the said State under
the direction of Congress."
The law' relating to Illinois was passed April 18,
1818, (3 Stat., ch.67, sec. 6, p. 430,) and provides that
the tfro per cent, "shall be disbursed under the
direction of Congress, in making roads leading to
the State."
It is claimed on behalf of these States that the
United States should now pay them, respectively,
the two per cent, on the net proceeds of tne sale of
lands, for the following reasons:
1. Because tbese States, without such payment
being made to them, are not treated with the same
liberality that the United States extended to other
new States.
<J. Because the United States has relinquished and
pai^ this two per cent, to some other States.
3. Because Congress, as it is claimed, by an act
passed Marob 3,1857, (11 Stat., chap.104, p. 200,)
directed the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to allow and pay the two per cent, to the three
States named.
4. Because the United States has failed to fulfill its
obligations to make a public road to the States in
question. , r
I. The committee do not recognize the force of the
argument that the United States should pay the two
per cent, to these States that it may place its deal-
ings with them on a more equal footing with that
extended to States that have come iato the Union
since 1802. The Government of the United, States
has, in dealing with the new States, acted in its sov-
ereign capacity, being influenced by considerations
that had weight at the time, without attempting to
treat them all alike. Thus it appears by the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1870, that there has been great inequality in the
landgrants? made to these States. To Illinois there
has beengranted about six miiiion acres, to Kansas
three and a half millions, to Michigan thirteen and
a half millions, and to Oregon less than six millions,
and by the act of September 4,1841, (5 Stat., chap.
16, sec. 8, p. 455,) States coming mto the Union after
that date are each to have a grant of five hundred
thousand acres. TT .
There is no obligation on the United States,
neither would it be possible, to equalize the advan-
tages the several States have or should receive from
the General Government.
II. It is true that the United States have paid
this two per cent, to some of the jStates. When
Louisiana was admitted into the Union in 1812 (2
Stat., p. 701) the United States agreed to pay over
the whole five percent, of net proceeds of sale of
the lands in that State, to be applied by the State
to protect the levees. The interests of the Stats,
which were identical with those of the Union, ren-
dered such a provision proper. ' -• • v
And when Arkansas (5 Stat., p. 58) and Michigan
(5 Stat., p. 60) were admitted, the United States
agreed to pay them, respectively, the whole fiye per
cent., to be applied by those States to-roads'atid
canals within their boundaries1; the States entering
mto stipulations as to exemptions from taxation,
among others, not to tax bounty-lands, &c. There
would have been little propriety in 1836, when those
States were admitted, and when railroads had been
introduced, in the United States reserving two per
cent, on sale of lands to apply to the construction
of wagon-roads leading to those States.
When Mississippi was admitted, March 1, 1817, (3
Stat., p. 349,) it was provided that the two per cent,
"should be applied to the making of a rdad or
roads leading to the said State under the direction
of Congress."
And when Alabama was admitted, March 2,1819,
(3 Stat., p. 491.) the same provision was made.
The United States did not apply the two per cent,
or any part of it to making roads leading to either
of those States. A plan for a system of internal
improvement, including the Maysville road, having
been adopted by Congress, was vetoed by President
Jackson.
The United States relinquished the two percent,
to Mississippi on the terms set out in an afct passed
September 4,1841, (5 Statutes, page 457,) td be"paid
in two installments, one in 1842 and one in 1843; so
far as it had then accrued, and quarterly thereafter
as the same should accrue; provided the State accept
thesamein full relinquishment of the fund, andthat
the whole two per cent, fund beapplied'by the State
to the construction of a railroad from Brandon to th6
eastern boundary of the State in the direction "as
near as may be of the towns of Selma, Cahaba and
Montgomery, in the State of Alabama. And the
United States, by the same act, relinquished the two
per cent, fund to the State of Alabama on condition
that the money be applied to the construction of a
continuous line of internal improvements acrossthe
State of Alabama in a direction to Jackson, in the
State of Mississippi. The United States had made
no application of the money as stipulated, and very
properly devoted it to a purpose similar to the
original design.
The organic law admitting Missouri, March 6,
1820, (3 Stat., p. 547) provided that two per cent, of
the net proceeds of the sale of lands within that
State-should be applied to defraying, under the di-
rection of Congress, the expenses to be incurred in
making a road or roads, canal or canals, leading to
the said State. Missouri having, November 19,1857,
appropriated two per cent, to the construction of
certain railroads in the State, Congress having ex-
pended none of the funds for a national road in
Missouri, assented thereto, by an act passed Febru-
ary 28,1859, (11 Stat., p. 388.) and relinquished that
fund to the State.
Thus it appears that the United States did permit
Louisiana to receive its two per cent., because it
was needed for levees; that the two per cent, was
not exacted of Arkansas or Michigan for the pur-
poses of public roads, because the States were ad-
mitted after the introduction of railroads, and they
were permitted to use the fund for roads and canals
in those States respectively; and that the United
States relinquished to the States of Mississippi,
Alabama, and Missouri the two per cent, fund, to be
applied by those States respectively in their own
internal improvements, because the United States
bad made no expenditures ia those States for the
purposes indicated in the organic law. And other
new States, inasmuch as the United States did not
undertake to apply any of the five per cent, to im-
provements for their benefit, have been permitted
to receive the whole five per cent. These considera-
tions, it will hereafter appear, cannot be urged as
reasons why the United States should pay,to the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois the two per
cent fund claimed by them.
III. The committee have examined thestatutfe of
March 3,1857, (11 Stat., p. 200,) which is claimed to
authorize the relinquishment of the two percent, to
these States, and do not think that it has that effect.
In the State of Alabama there were reservations
under several treaties with Chickasaws, Choctaw,
and Creek Indians: but, as it was not just that
Alabama should be deprived of its five per cent, on
such lands by reason of said treaties, Congress, by
an act entitled "An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the.State of Ala-
bama,'* approved March 2, 1855, (10 Stat., p. 630,)
directed as follows:
"That the Commissioner of the General Land-
Office be, and he is hereby, required to state an ac-
count between the United States and the State of
Alabama, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum
or sums of money are due to said State, heretofore
unsettled under the sixth section of an act of March
2,1819, fortheadmissionof Alabama into the Union;
andthat he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw. Choctaw, and Creek Indians
within the limits of Alabama, and allow and pay to
the said State five per cent, thereon, as in case of
other sales." * ,
It cannot be elaimed that if the United States had
expended the two per cent, in constructing a road
leading to Alabama, according^ to the stipulation
made with that State when admitted into the Union
in 1819, (3 Stat., p. 491,) that Congress would have
passed this statute, or that, having passed it, that
the Commissioner under its direction, *' in stating
an account between the United States and the State
