516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, [
T feel it to bo mj duty to call the attention of
the Committee of the Whole to the condition
in which this bill now is. We have got through
the bill, adding very little to salaries except, in
the Agricultural Department, and except, also,
what we have added to the salaries of officers
here connected with the House. Now I want
to call the attention of the Committee of the
Whole to the fact that all these proposed
increases of salary have been put on in Com-
mittee of the Whole without the consent of
the Committee on Appropriations, and I want
to call their attention to two or three results
which grow out of that. You have selected
the twenty-five pages of the House, the Journal
clerk, and the reading clerks, and have
raised their "salaries, and you have now pend-
ing an amendment with reference to the Clerk
of the House, the tally clerk, «fcc., making
altogether about thirty-five persons, officers of
the House of Representatives, whose salaries
you propose to raise. They are all persona
inside of the walls of the House.
Now I want to call the attention of the
Committee of the Whole to some of the per-
sons whose salaries you have not raised ; as,
for instance, the paying teller in the room of
the Sergeant-at-Arms, the man who cornea
back here once a month during the recess to
pay members of Congress, having to travel at
his own charges, and having thus to incur more
expense than any or most of the officers whose
salaries you raise. And here again, for in-
stance, are the clerks of such committees as
the Committee of Ways and Means, the Com-
mittee of Elections, and the Committee on
Appropriations, clerks that are compelled to
work here during the whole of the vacation,
as well as most arduously during the session. ,
Then there are some of the men in our folding- !
room and in other places around the Capitol 1
whose salaries are not raised.
And we ask the committee, therefore, whether
it is just, whether it is equitable, whether it is !
right to select a few officers and raise their sal-
aries because we like them personally, as we
certainly do, and have the right to do; and cer-
tainly they will think none the less of us for
trying to do justly all round. I insist that we
should do one of two things: we must either
level all up, or else leave them all where they
were. We cannot justly raise the salaries
which have already been raised by amend-
ments to this bill without raising these also
that are now proposed and others. And I
have been instructed by the Committee on
Appropriations, and instructed unanimously,
to lay this before the Committee of the Whole,
with the request that they vote down all these
proposed increases of pay for the officers of
the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that all these
propositions to increase salaries have come
from members of the Committee on Appro- ,
priations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all. But
I ought to say also that the Committee on Ap-
propriations agreed that if the Committee of
the Whole would not assent to their recom-
mendation we would then ask them to raise
the.se to which the present amendment applies
and several others. If, therefore, the amend-
ment now pending prevails in the Committee
of the Whole, then I shall, either here or in the
House, offer an amendment reaching a number
of other persons, or allow some other gentle-
man to offer such an amendment.
• I submit these views of the Committee on
Appropriations to the Committee of the Whole, i
and throw the responsibility upon them. They '
have felt considerable embarrassment on this
question. They desire to deal liberally with
the officers of the House, but they are more 1
desirous to deal justly. We  3k the Commit-
tee of the Whole not to agree to this amend-
ment, and in that case we will endeavor in the
House to effect reductions in all cases where
the salaries have been raised in committee.
Mr. DICKEY. I beg leave to differ from
the chairman, and to say that the majority of
the Committee on Appropriations do desire
this amendment to be otiered now and here.
Mr. GAIiFIELD, of Ohio. 1 do not desire
to brinjj up here a question as to the action of
the majority of the committee, but I will say
that unfortunately the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] was not in the commit-
tee room when the action I have indicated was
agreed upon, and when a quorum was present;
and I am sure every member who was present
will confirm what 1 have said.
Mr. DICKEY. I understand very well that
what the gentleman has stated was to be offered
in the House, provided this was passed here.
But when the bill gets into the House, and the
gentleman moves the previous question, it
cannot be done. But if we are going to raise
these salaries and place them on a basis of
equality with similar officers employed in the
Senate, it is unfair not to treat all alike. If
we are going to increase the salaries of our
officers so as to make them correspond with
those of the Senate, let us do it for all and not
for a part only. The gentleman says that this
amendment did not originate with the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. Very true; it was
offered in two distinct propositions and was
adopted by the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. A majority of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations voted for those
amendments.
Mr. DICKEY. A majority of the committee
were iu favor of equalizing these salaries if you
raised any.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then why did not the
committee put it in the bill at first?
Mr. DICKEY. It was the Committee of
the Whole that raised some of these salaries,
and it is invidious and unjust to other gentle-
men performing similar duties that their sal-
aries should not be raised also.
Mi\ HOLMAN. I believe my friend sup-
ported that increase of salary.
Mr. DICKEY. Speaking for myself per-
sonally, I am in favor of raising these salaries,
as I think these officers are inadequately paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. But as a member of the
committee the gentleman is opposed to it.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes; as a member of the
committee I am.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the gentleman was
opposed to it as a member of the committee.
Mr. DICKEY. As an independent mem-
ber of the House I am iu favor of raising
these salaries, because I can see no reason
why clerks of the House of Representatives,
discharging the same duties, shall not receive
the same compensation as similar officers in
the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. • Then why not rednce the
salaries of the officers of the Senate instead
of increasing the salaries of the officers of
the House?
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman knows that
that ia utterly impracticable ; he knows that
we have tried it time and again, and have
always been defeated. He knows that any such
attempt would be useless. The simple prop-
osition now presented is whether you will treat
all the employes of the House alike, and raise
their salaries to a level with the salaries paid
in the Senate, or whether you will make an
invidious distinction and raise the salaries of
some of them only.
Mr. HOLMAN. And if the Senate raises
the salaries of its employes I suppose the
House is to follow suit.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with what has been
said by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, and in order to ascertain
whether these employes of the House shall ba
treated all alike, I desire to offer an amend-
ment so as to include in this amendment the
clerk to the Committee on Appropriationsand
the clerk to the Committee of Ways and
Means, raising the salary of each $408, so as
to make ft $3,000 a year.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
and myself have had personal evidence of what
amount of work the clerk of the Committee
on Appropriations is obliged to perform, and I
know myself better than he does what work
the clerk of the Committee of Ways and
Means is obliged to perform. The labors of
these clerks bear no sort of comparison with
the labors of other clerks of committees, and
while I should like to see the original prop-
osition passed, and I shall vote for that prop-
osition, I desire that these meritorious officers
shall be placed on the same level with the
others. It is for that reason I offer the amend-
ment.
Mr. KERR. I would like also to offer an
amendment to come in after the one just
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Before doing so I would like to say that I fully
concur in what has been said by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations touching
this way of increasing salaries. My amend-
ment is that the compensation of the clerk to
the Sergeant-at-Arms be increased $500, so as
to make his salary $3,000 instead of $2,500.
The chief clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms is
Moses Dillon, who every gentleman I think
will agree with me in saying is one of the
most competent and faithful officers about
this Capitol. The duties performed by him
are extremely responsible and important. He
really performs for this House services equal
to those of any first-class cashier in any of the
banks of the country. I think that his pres-
ent compensation is insufficient, that his ser-
vices entitle him to a higher rate of pay, and
therefore I offer the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Stevenson.) There
is now pending an amendment to the amend-
ment ; therefore the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kbrr] ia not in orders.
Mr. KERR. Then I will reserve my amend-
ment until it shall be in order.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to inquire if the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] accepts as
a portion of his amendment the amendment
which hits been moved by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. HALE. I do not.
Mr. DAWES. I offer mine as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I think the anxiety evinced
by gentlemen to advance the salaries of those
with whom they are brought more directly in
contact is so apparent that we can easily see
the direction in which we are tending. I have
no doubt that nearly every member of this
House could put his hand upon some officer of
the Government and say with truth that his
compensation is too small. I have no ques-
tion that we all know instances of men who
render valuable services to the Government,
services as important as those rendered by
benk-tellers or clerks in commercial houses,
and yet who receive not more than one half or
two thirds of the compensation which those
gentlemen receive. But what does all that
prove ? Are not the duties required by our
Government now well discharged ? Do these
gentlemen desire other positions in order to
obtain better compensation ? They do not resign
their positions under the .Government. The
duties of those positions are well discharged,
and at these rates.
The objection perhaps is not to an increase
of salaries. It may be that some are under-
paid, and that the argument used in this
respect is not good. The objection is to the
unequal raising of salaries by this method.
Therefore, with all deference to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] who was not
present at the time the subject was considered,
the Committee on Appropriations were unan-
imous in instructing its chairman to ask this
Committee of the Whole to reject all amend-
ments so far as offered for increase of salaries.
The reason was this: the very moment you
start a brick at the end of a row the whole row
will begin to fall down.
