1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
I agree with my eloquent friend from Ver-
mont in his statement that, after all the sales
were made and after the Oakes Ames contract
was carried out, this stock "went up like a
kite." That is just the trouble in the evidence
and the argument. After the dividend of
December 13, 1807, the stock went right up;
then it was worth a great deal. As Mr. Ames
said, a great many men would like more of it
than he had promised to let them have, and
he was troubled to get enough to comply with
their wishes. But they were shy about it be-
fore this dividend growing out of the Oakes
Ames contract. The testimony shows that
they went and asked this man and that man
about it before they took it. Some said : " I
do not think it is as good as Oakes Ames
does ; he thinks it is a good thing." And to
get them to take the bribe he had to guarantee
them ten per cent, interest or more on it.
Now, whoever heard of guaranteeing interest
on abribetogeta man totakeit? He redeemed
it afterward, 'if you can get Oakes Ames's
word, it is as good as the bend of any other
man. If you get it in the darkest night that
ever was, without paper or ink, it is good.
This all of them knew. And he was made by
most of them to guarantee interest on his
bribe before they would consent to accept his
bribe.
What is the next epoch in this history ? We
have seen all that was done by Ames. He
does no more save to tell the truth. The stock
went up; a law suit came on, and men began
to think, with the ideas prevalent that it might
not be well to be the holders of it, and they
began to get rid of it as well as they could,
and some to say that they had had nothing to
do with it.
But Ames did none of these things. He
was conscious of no wrong and he acted on
that consciousness. He sold none of his stock
to get rid of it, denied nothing he had done so
far as concerned himself. When McComb
threatened him with the exposure of what he
had done, feeling innocent, he defied him.
When McComb sued him he defended him-
self. He felt like an innocent man, he acted
like one. His conduct guarantees his rec-
titude.
Now let me say that if every man connected
with this affair had stood precisely as Ames
does, had stated as he did the exact truth
when the oath of God was upon them requir-
ing it, this storm would have blown over
and made hardly a ripple upon the surface of
public opinion.
Several Members. That is so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
not a man in the House who does not know
that. The trouble has arisen because men in
the late canvass got shaky and incautiously
denied their connection with it. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman please,
I did not deny it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pray I
may not be interrupted. I am inculpating
nobody. I say nothing against any man upon
this point at all. I say that what troubles the
public consciencc to-day, in the opinion of all
right-thinking and true men of this country,
is not the Credit Mobilier stock, but the lies
thathavebeentoldabout.it,. [Laughter.] And
because you have one truthful man you want
to get rid. of him. [Loud and continued
laughter.]
Now all that Oakes Ames has done is under-
stood. He never thought of bribing anybody,
and vour learned committee find that nobody
was bribed. I agree with them precisely upon
that proposition. The only thing that ever
made the country believe that anybody was
bribed was the fact that men would not tell
the truth about this thing. That is the only
thing that ever caused a suspicion that there
"was bribery in connection with this matter.
Mr. Ames simply said to these men, "I
want you to be interested in this investment
along with me; I want to put this where it will
do the most good that is, ar^ong men of
influence. And h e placed ninety shares among
men in Congress and two hundred and fifty,
three among men out of Congress at the same
price and with the same intent, so that he might
have a guaranty that his road should have fair
play against all black-mailers and mischief-
makers. That is all he undertook to do. He
had no more idea of bribery than he has of
lying. They are vices that do not belong to
him, neither the one nor the other of them.
If he had had "any idea that he had been
bribing anybody, do you believe he would
have come before the committee and told the
story by which alone he could have been con-
victed on his own confession ? Why, my
learned colleague [Mr. Banks] said1 to-day
that while some of these men came before the
committee with denials and evasions, Mr.
Ames, by some " strange destiny," insisted
on coming and telling the truth. My col-
league could not understand this; it was to
his mind a "strange destiny" that a man
should come there and insist upon telling the
truth when it would make against him. The
oath of God, which he respects, brought Mr.
Ames there to tell the truth; and he told it
without fear or favor. For his sake and that
of my State, I thank God that he had the man-
liness to do so. That is the kind of men we
raise in Massachusetts. [Applause.]
But I give you further evidence that he did
not mean to bribe anybody, because heswearB
(and nobody adds to or takes away one jot or
one tittle of what he swears) that at the same
time he sold this stock to outsiders in the same
manner he did to men inside of Congress.
Think of that before you expel him. Why,
where shall he find place? You will not have
him in Congress because he sold these shares
to Congressmen, and the outside world will
not have him outside of Congress because he
sold them shares for the same price. If one
was wrong so was the other. He must live
somewhere. Why did ,he deliver these shares
at the time they were so high at so low a price ?
He sold these shares at the price in fulfillment
of his engagements. He had given his word,
which is as good as his bond, lie had said to
certain men, "You shall have this stock at
par and interest;" and although they had not a
scrap of paper as evidence of the engagement,
they got the stock ; and although they had not
a scrap of paper they got every dollar of the
dividends. He went to this company and said,
"Give me this stock; give me ninty-three
shares more, making three hundred and forty-
three. I must have it to fulfill my promises
although I can hardly believe I made so many
of them." He believed he had originally
promised only two hundred and twenty.
Meanwhile the stock had gone up like a kite
and was worth $300 a share. Still he said to
the company, like a sturdy, honest man, "Give
me the stock ; " and they gave it. When he
got it he accounted for every dollar of it—three
hundred and forty-three shares in all, Congress-
men and others receiving the shares at the
same price and with the same calculation of
interest.
Your committee further find that he never
asked a man for his vote, and never offered
the stock to any man who did not come to him
inquiring about an investment. Ames tells you
(and when he tells it you know it is true) that
when he wrote to McUomb he was only telling
McComb, "You mustnot call upon me for this
stock, because 1 have assigned it to so and-so;
I have agreed to place it in a particular way.
If you insist upon my giving Fowler $5,000,
and Bayard $5,000, and your other friends so
much more, I shall not have enough left to
carry out my engagements;" and Oakes
Ames's engagements are like the golden cord
that binds man to man in fellowhood—not to
be broken.
I am taking and would take no fine-spun
view of this ease. I seek to meet it as it
should be met, face to face. I am trying, so
far as my feeble voice may avail, to roll back
the tide of infamy that has been thrown upon
this old man. Gentlemen here who do not
know him have been taught to know him.
The outside world think he is Mephistophiles
with leering cunning and sardonic grins. He
has been compared to Satan. Nay, nay; he
is only to be compared to Satan before Satan
fell. You know him—a simple, kind, broad-
hearted, benevolent, truthful, honest old man ;
that is all; nothing more, nothing less. Yet
the press, that damnable engine of libel and
slander, has pursued him remorselessly, till
his name has become a by-word and a reproach.
Editors of newspapers send their missives here
to tell us what is our dvity to do under these
circumstances ; as if all purity as well as all
knowledge resided in the editors of newspa-
pers, and none was to be found in the Rep-
resentatives of the people. Why, sir, how did
this Credit Mobilier affair first get out? A
newspaper reporter stole the documents from
a lawyer's office and sold them to a news-
paper for money, which published them to
make money. That was receiving stolen goods
knowing them to be stolen, to begin with 1
[Laughter.] That is what the newspapers
call their business enterprise. Compare it with
the enterprise of Oakes Ames in building
the Union Pacific railroad. It is as felony
is to integrity. Let the press expel that
member of their fraternity, and then we will
listen a little to what they say. [Laughter.]
For one I am not to be frightened by these
howls. I thank Heaven for one thing, if
nothing more: I am a man that God made,
not the newspapers. [Applause and laughter. ]
I say I am here to try and roll back this tide
of infamy, and let the House and the country
understand just what this old man has done.
"The head and front of his offending hath
this extent, no more."
Why, if the old man had been the cunning,
bribing man they are talking about, he would
have said to one, " Such a man will back you
in the House when our matter comes up ; call
on him when you want assistance ; go to an-
other man and call upon him when you want
helpbut the testimony is conclusive that he
never told one Congressman about the invest-
ment of the other. If it was a mere invest-
ment, there was no occasion for it. If they
were each to take part in a conspiracy to
"make the money power steal away the lib-
erties of the people," if it was that sort of
thing, then each would have known the part
in the conspiracy the other was to play. The
criminal conspirators would have been put in
communication and each man would have
known who his confederates were.
But the committee say he gave it, as the tes-
timony shows, to men on the leading commit-
tees. Why, sir, should he not? They were
the men whom he desired to take and feel a
certain interest in the undertaking to which
his life and fortune were devoted for the good
of his country. They would see no wrong
was done. He felt he intended no wrong and
believed they intended no wrong. He never
did any wrong himself. He does not feel
that he has done wrong now. If you send
him from this House in the attempt to disgrace
him, you will fail. Not much disgrace can you
inflict on him, Mr. Speaker! No, he knows
that truth will triumph, and as a truth-telling
man before God and his people, thank God,
you cannot disgrace him. A man with that
character cannot be disgraced ; there is not. a
man of you to-day, even after you drive him
out, who would not go and take his hand and
