1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
If you increase the pay of the Clerk of the
House, then the Sergeant-at-Arms comes for-
ward and makes a claim for equal compensa-
tion. Mr. Dillon, who is the clerk of the
Sergeant-at-Arms, comes here every month in
the discharge of his duties. He will say, and
with a great deal of force, "I have to come
here at my own expense every month, and
make up the accounts of the House, and am
paid but $'2,400 a year; yet you take the
reading clerks of the House, who serve only
during each day while the House is in session,
who have no responsibility before the session
commences, and who lose all responsibility
the moment the hammer of the Speaker falls,
and raise their salary to $3,000 a year, without
making any provision for an increase of mine."
Then the Clerk of the House comes to us
and says: "You have put up the salary of
some of my clerks almost as high as mine is;
yet I have disbursements to make, and am
responsible for the performance of many more
duties than fall upon them." Then comes Mr.
Buxton, the Doorkeeper of the House, and
tells us a truthful story of the responsibilities
that rest upon his shoulders ; how he is com-
pelled to be here every month of the year,
while his pay is not equal to that of clerks
who simply perform clerical duties.
Sir, there should be some consistency in this
matter. Have you not a Committee on Con-
tingent Expenses of this House, or a Commit-
tee on Accounts? Have not that committee
some duty to perform besides passing upon
bills already accruing? Can they not bring in
some plan of organization, and let us discuss
and consider the matter ?
I believe that this "House is one of the most
just bodies upon earth, that we do not wish to
do injustice to any one. But we act npon im-
pulse; when one says this is an unjust case,
and gets the House to act upon it, we discrim-
inate in favor of one and against others. This
can be avoided by some systematic considera-
tion of the subject. Therefore I hope that the
suggestion made by the Committee on Ap-
propriations will be adopted, and that we will
retrace our steps, which certaihly have been in
the wrong direction, for, by providing for some
we have been discriminating against those who
are not provided for. As preliminary to that
I trust that the pending amendment will be
voted down.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Dawes to the amendment
moved by Mr. Hale, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred npon the following
amendment moved by Mr. Hale :
That there be allowed to the officer disbursing the
contingent fund and other expenses of the House an
annual sum of $576, and that the compensation of
the tally clerk and assistant Journal clerk is fixed
at 83,000 per annum; and an appropriation for the
next fiscal year is hereby made.
The queatiofl was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and it was not agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask unani-
mous consent to reconsider the vote increasing
the compensation of the other clerks, or
rather that the committee be allowed to take
the vote over again.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then we will
take the question in the Hou#e.
Mr. N1BLACK. I ask consent of the com-
mittee to offer an amendment, which will have
to come in, if at all, by unanimous consent.
I trust there will be no objection to it. When
we were discussing the other day the Bureau
of Education, there seemed to be some differ-
ence of opinion in regard to the appropriate
function of that bureau under the law; and in
order to indicate for all time its' purposes, I
propose to change the name of the bureau. I
ask consent to go back and add to the provis-
ion in regard to the Bureau of Education the
following :
Provided, That the said bureau shall hereafter be
known as the Bureau of Educational Statistics.
This defines, I think, the proper scope of
the bureau.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
going back to adopt the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nib-
la qc?]
Mr. HOAR. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. I will now take the oppor-
tunity to indicate the paragraph of this bill to
which I wish to attach the amendment hereto-
fore read. I propose to insert it after line nine
hundred and four, on page 38.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
paragraph to which the amendment is pro-
posed to be attached.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of War to have the rebel
archives examined, and copies furnished from time
to time for the use of the Government. $6,000: Pro-
vided, That no claims against the United States for
collecting, drilling, or organizing volunteers for tho
war of the rebellion shall be audited or paid unless
Sresented before the end of the fiscal year ending
une 30, 1874; and all claims for horses lost prior to
January 1, 1872, shall be presented by the end of
said fiscal year.
For contingent expenses, $12,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now
read what the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] proposes to add.
The Clerk read as follows:
No money shall be hereafter paid out of the
Treasury of the United States to any railroad com-
pany for transportation of mails, troops, or other-
wise which may be now in default for interest due
to the Government on tho bonds of the United States
given or loaned to such railroad company for the
construction of the railroad of the said company so
in default.
i Mr. SARGENT. I raise a point of order
on that amendment.
, The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
! from Pennsylvania mean by his amendment
that "no part of the money appropriated by
this bill shall be hereafter paid," &c.?
Mr. RANDALL. I want to add my amend-
ment after the words " for contingent ex-
penses, $12,000."
Mr. SARGENT. Then I raise the point
of order that we cannot go back.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania offer this as an independ-
ent section, confining it to the money appro-
priated by this bill?
Mr. RANDALL. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman
will put it in that form.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to attach this proviso to this item for
contingent expenses, which includes stationery,
&c ? The two propositions have no relation
to each other.
Mr. RANDALL. If I can put a good law
upon the heels of contingent expenses I am
glad to do so. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY. Does the gentleman sup-
pose that charges for transportation of mails,
troops, &c., are to be paid out of this appro-
priation of $12,000?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not want the Gov-
ernment to pay one dollar to these railroads
for any services rendered while they are in
default to the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. The law now in force in
regard to that subject ought to be repealed by
this act.
Mr. RANDALL. It would be repealed,
except that points of order are raised upon
any amendment of that kind.
Mr. SARGENT^ I do not care to discuss
with the gentleman under the five-minutes
rule the question whether these companies are
in default or not. I reminded him the other
day that the Senate Judiciary Committee had
made an exhaustive report on this matter,
wherein they had shown the extent of the liabil-
ites of these companies ; and an amendment
was afterward put on an appropriation bill in
the Senate, and subsequently assented to in
the House, requiring the companies to pay their
interest to that extent; and in accordance
with that provision they have paid it down to
the present time.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not Want to traverse
the action of this House or the other in con-
nection with these roads.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, as now
modified, provides that " no money herein
appropriated shall hereafter be paid," &c.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise a point of order
upon the amendment; and I wish to state my
point. I understand that the amendment now
refers to the whole bill. I contend that there
is nothing in the bill to which it is germane.
If he makes it apply simply to the money
appropriated by tlii 3 bill, it ought to be dis-
tinctly stated.
Mr. RANDALL. The expression "herein
appropriated" shows that it is confined within
the limits of this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. This is a mere salary bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Here is a contingency
for the Army which might be so used. I wish
an expression of the House whether we are
to be compelled to pay the interest on the
bonds of the United States loaned to these
companies, and in addition to pay to these
companies for transporting the mails, &c. The
ninth section of the law to which reference is
made was surreptitiously passed, and is itself
attached to an appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know what the
gentleman means by surreptitious, when the
bill was debated for four or five days.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was never read in this
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I wish to oppose
the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I mse for the purpose of
offering an amendment to the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section nine of an actentitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3,1871, be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. SARGENT. I make the point of order
1 against that amendment that it changes exist-
ing law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the section of
the law to which reference is made be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Myamendment is germane
to the one ruled in order offered by the gentle;
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SARGENT. The amendment fclearly
repeals an existing law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire before the decision
on the point of order is made that the Clerk
will read the ninth section of the Army appro-
priation bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 9. That, in accordance with the fifth section
of tho act approved July 2,1864, entitled 'An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph lino from the
Missouri river to the Pacifio ocean, and to secure to
tho Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July 1,1862,'
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay over in money to the Pacific railroad companies
mentioned in said act, and performing services for
theUnited States, one half of the compensation at
the rate provided by law for such services, heretofore
or hereafter rendered : Provided, That this section
shall not be construed to affect the legal rights of the
Government or the obligations of the companies,
except as herein specifically provided."
Mr. HOLMAN. My amendment propos-
ing the repeal of the existing law is certainly
germane to the pending amendment. It was
put on in an appropriation bill, and I propose
to repeal it on an appropriation till.
Mr. DICKEY. It was put on in the Senate,
where this rule does not apply.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was never considered
in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is in order, because it pro-
poses to limit the appropriations in this bill;
but the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana proposes to repeal an independent
