14.82
TIIE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
" shall be disbursed under the direction of
Congress in making roads leading to the
State.". And now I do mean to say that Con'
gress .had arbitrary power over the subject, that
t,hi! State agreed that it should be,done just in
the manner that Congress,,pleased ; and well,
might the. State make that compact; because
money was to be drawn fromthe public Treas-
ury-to the extent of $7,000,000 when this mere
pittance, of less than half a million dollars was
contributed by that State.
-,jMr.; LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to call hi3 attention to the law in reference to
Missouri and see if it is not in precisely the
same, language?
FRELINGHUYSEN. I will.
/Mr,! LOGAN. The law in reference to
Missouri provides: "and the other two fifths
in defraying under the direction of Congress
the-expenses to be incurred in the making of
a road or roads, canal or canals, leading to
said State;" and yet Congress paid that State
these two fifths afterward, showing a construc-
tion given in the case of Missouri which you
decline to give in the case Of Illinois.
Mr.FRELlNGHUYSEN. I will answer
my friend; That is a point very well put and
ought to be answered. I will-give the lan-
guage of the compact with Missouri. The
organic act relative to Missouri was dated
Mkreh 6, 1820, and provided that two per
cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of. the
lands- within that State " shall be applied to
defraying, under the direction of Congress,
tbeexpenses to be incurred in making a road
or roads, canal or canals, leading to that
State.''
Mr. MORTON. Now will the Senator
please to read 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. One at a time.
[Laughter.] Did Congress ever expend that
money in making a road leading to Missouri?
If they did, then the cases are alike; They
Spent $6)700,000 in building the roads lead-
ing to these three States. They entirely failed
to fulfill and never paid a farthing in fulfilling
their contract with Missouri, and therefore
they gave Missouri her money. There is the
difference between the cases.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask' him right there, did they ever build a
road to Illinois?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will answer
the question,
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to know if the
fact is not just the same in the one case as in
the-other? If they did not build a road lead-
ing to Missouri, and therefore Missouri is
entitled, I ask the same question as applicable
to Illinois?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is a fair ques-
tion, atid ought to be answered Did the
United States ever "apply "—that is the lan-
guage of the compact—this two per cent,
toward building a road leading to Illinois ?
The claim of Illinois is $400,000, as I have
said, and the United States did expend nearly
seven millions in building a road to Illinois,
and further they expended on roads in the
State of Illinois itself, $742,000. I should
think that this trustee, of whom my friend
from Illinois very properly speaks, this Gov-
ernment of the United States, had applied
most faithfully this little trust fund of $1,200,-
000. Sir, there is nothing in this case ; there
is no claim.
But, sir, I have been drawn off a little from
the discussion of this case, and, while I had no
intention of speaking upon it, I will call the
attention of the Senate to some other points.
Mr. MORTON. Will it be in order now to
ask the Senator to read the act in regard to
Indiana ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have not the
act befdre me. I will read what the law says.
I have an extract from it here.
Mr; MORTON. Read that portion of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The law rela-
tive to Indiana was passed April 9, 1816, and
provides that two. per .cent. " shall be applied
to.the making of a road or roads leading to the
said State, under the-direction of Congress."
Has my friend any remark to make?
. .Mr.-ERATT. I have right here 
...Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I mean the
other Senator from, Indiana. I have read the
law.
Mr. MORTON. I ask if that is all that
pertains to the contract with Indiana?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not know
of anything else. I will now ask my friend to
call my attention to anything that I may have
accidentally omitted.
, Mr. MORTON. No, sir; that is all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think if the
Senator has some hidden mine he ought to dis-
close it.
Mr. MORTON. There is nothing very hid-
den about it. The Senator from Illinois asked
as to the law in regard to Missouri, and I
simply wanted to know what it was in Indiana,
supposing the Senator had it in his hand.
Mr. LOGAN. It is just the same in refer-
ence to both. . i
Mr. MORTON: There was nothing partic-
ularly dark or curious about it.
Mr. LOGAN. . .If the Senator from New
Jersey is willing to answer q#estipns, I should
like to.^sk him one, as I do not wish to engage
in this discussion. I understand him to go
upon this ground: that inasmuch as money
was expended within or on roads leading to
either or all of thsse three States, therefore
that is to be used as a balance against the
account of the States ; and upon his reasoning
the States would be indebted to the Govern
ment instead of the Government to the States.
That is the line that I understand his mind is
directed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No, sir; I do
not hold that the State would be indebted to
the General Government.
Mr. LOGAN, I know you do not; butthere
is a claim upon it, and upon balancing accounts
the State would be indebted to the Government
if they were dealing with one another in that
way. Now, if, in the language of the law ap-
plicable to each of these States, a road was
constructed leading to the State, and the money
of all the States was expended on that road ;
and if, after the road was built through Mary-
land and Pennsylvania and Virginia, so as to
make a turnpike on which tolls were collected,
Congress, after expending the money of all the
States to build the road through those three
States, gave to those three States the road
absolutely, would not the States now claiming
have the right to an equivalent for that which
was given to these States, considering that
road to be a valuable road, and^given to them
that they might receive tolls for the purpose
of repaying them the amount they had ex-
pended upon it? That I believe is a fact.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
it is a fact, undoubtedly,'that the United States
Government, after spending these $7,000,000
in building the road from the waters emptying
into the Atlantic leading to these States, did
surrender to Ohio and Pennsylvania 
Mr. LOGAN. Not to Ohio.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will refer to
the chapter of the Statutes if my friend thinks
it is not so. I do not know whether it was
surrendered to Illinois or Indiana, but I think
it was surrendered to each of them ; but if it
was not, and my friend will introduce a bill
asking Congress to surrender it, I do not think
anybody will object to the passage of such a
law.
Mr. LOGAN. I presume not, for the reason
that there is no road completed either in In-
diana, or Illinois, or through Ohio. Bat the
States through which the road was completed
and made a good turnpike road, from which
tolls are received to the States, had the road
surrendered to,them. In States where the road
is not completed and of no benefit the States
received no benefit. That is the distinction I
ask the Senator to draw. If I am correct
about it, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, not re-
ceiving benefits that these other States did
receive, they should be remunerated in some
way.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that the
road was surrendered to all the States ; but if
it is not so, and the States want the surrender,
there will be no difficulty on the part of the
States which have had the road surrendered to
them.
Mr. LOGAN. There is no road in Illinois
to be surrendered, or in Indiana either.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We cannot all
talk at the same time always. There was a
road constructed from the waters of the At-
lantic leading to the State of Illinois ; there
was a road perfected through Ohio ; there
was a road made with bridges on it through
the State of Indiana; a road partially com-
pleted through the State of Illinois. There was
at any rate $742,000 spent on that road in the
State itself, "and her only claim is $400,000.
Now, the fact is, that the United States Gov-
ernment made contracts like unto this with
several States. They made one with Louisiana.
They suffered the State of Louisiana to receive
her two per cent, on account of the levees there,
looking upon that as a national expenditure
of the money, and they paid it to them for that
purpose. The two per cent, of Arkansas and
Michigan was surrendered to them for purposes
of public roads. Those States were admitted
in 1836. It would have been perfect folly at
that day for the Government to have entered
into a contract with Arkansas and Michigan
to construct a great wagon-road to them. Rail-
roads had come in. vogue, and consequently
they gave this two per cent, to these two States
to be used in their roads, never expending a
cent for them.
I do not wish to protract the argument.
This whole question comes down to thisr that
if the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois are
entitled to have this fund paid to them, then
the other States, Louisiana, Arkansas, Michi-
gan, Missouri, and Mississippi are entitled to
have an expenditure equal to all the work
that has been done for those States.' Those
States received the fund of two per cent,
because the Government of the United States
failed to spend a farthing in keeping its con-
tract. The United States Government agreed
to build roads for them just as well, but it did
not build them, and so it gave them the money.
It agreed to apply this fund toward the con-
struction of a road to these States and it
applied it seven times over. Now they come
and ask the United States for the money again.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question for the purpose of
developing a point that I think is material ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will answer
to the best of my ability.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator can unswur
it, I have no doubt. I ask him how many
States there were, and what States they were,
with which the General Government made this
contract that the lands should not be taxed for
five years, and for the application of two per
cent, of the amount of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands? With what States
was a contract of that kind made ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The contract
made with Louisiana was this: she was admit-
ted into the Union, in 1812, and the United
States agreed to pay to her the whole five per
cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of lands in
that State, to be applied in making her levels,
Mr. MORTON. That is not the same case,
though.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Arkansas and
Michigan were admitted into the Union in
1836, and they were paid the whole five per
cent., to be applied by those States to roads
and canals within their boundaries.
Mr. MORTON. By themselves.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. To be applied
by themselves, the States entering into stipula-
