182
APPENDIX TO THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Mexican Commission—Mr. Cox.
42d Cong....3d
be glad to take it—it is the hand of an honest
man. And let me say to my learned colleague,
when he attacked him with tears in his eyes,
if his conscience does its duty it will not be
the last tear he will shed if any harm comes to
Oakes Ames.
If every gentleman in the House will vote on
the facts as they are, and as every man in the
House knows them to b.e in his inmost soul,
he would vote Oakes Ames's acquittal in a
moment, and each man will do so if he stands
up in the image of the God who made him,
and votes without fear or favor. Let me tell
you, you men of New England, you can make
no capital by jumping upon Oakes Ames ; for
he is known there everywhere, and everywhere
as an honest man—the noblest work of God.
Go along the Pacific railroad, and through the
broad West, and you will find that yon can
make no political capital out of abusing Oakes
Ames. By his works they know him they;.
His case, my fellOw-members, is in your
hands. I have known him long and well. I
have known him when he was a member of tlie
council of Governor Andrew, and aided him
in troops to save the country. He went for-
ward side by side with the illustrious war Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts, in those great meas-
ures which filled our armies and carried on
our war, trusted, honored, and beloved. I have
known him since; I have seen him when bank-
ruptcy and ruin fell upon him because he
had taken part in this great national work. I
have seen him crushed down to earth with
obligations and debts notincurred for himself,
but in the service of his country, and yet such
was the force of his honesty and integrity of
character that each and all his creditors gave
him extension of Credit, and every one has
been paid to the uttermost farthing. It is to
his credit that he had to absent himself from
your committee while investigating his hon-
esty to go home and do the last act of an hon-
est man by paying up the last dollar of his
extended debt. Such is Oakes Ames. He is
in your hands, and you will .deal with him as
you wishto be dealt by. Who shall go uo-
whippedif -every man has every act of his life
brought in judgment against him ?
I desire to say a word or two more, and I
shall then pass from this unhappy matter, I
hope forever. And what I have to say has
reference to the case of Mr. James Brooks.
I do not know that he cares, perhaps, that I
should defend him; but there are two or three
considerations due to truth and justice which
have not been brought out so fully as' I think
they ought. The first thing is that the com-
mittee do not find that there was anything
wrong or culpable in his having the hundred
shares of stock. They acquit him on account
of that. They do not deny his right to have
them. He got them of Durant because Durant,
chose to give them to him, and, as I understand
it, before he became a Government director.
But whether he did or not, the committee do
not lay anything against hiiA on that account.
It is the last fifty shares on which they base
their resolution.
Now what are the facts in regard to those
fifty shares? They, by right of subscription,
attached to owners of the hundred shares. Bu.,
the time during which he had the right to sub-
scribe for them had run out, by inadvertence
or otherwise upon his part, and Mr. Brooks
insisted that he had a right to those shares.
He put his claim on the ground that he had a
right to them; in other words, that he had the
right to go in " on the ground floor,'' as I be-
lieve the stock phrase is; that he had a right
to come in for all the benefits attached to the
holding of the hundred shares. He claimed
the right. He stood to that right. He put it
before the board of directors as a right, and they
accorded him the right claimed. Now, that
might have been extortion on his part if the
board of directors did it out of fear of his
position. But to say he called the board of
directors together to see whether they should
be compelled to bribe him, is the queerest
way of getting a bribe that I ever knew of.
He insists on the bribe, demands it, extorts it
from them, uses his power to get it out of them.
Here then by the report we have willing bribee,
but a most unwilling briber. In Ames's case
we were shown a briber without a bribee.
Here we have the man bribed, but the briber
parts with his bribe through fear.
It may come in under some description of
robbery perhaps that I nevor heard of. But
what is most remarkable is the extorting a
bribe from the briber, and the briber holding
back as long as he can from being forced to
bribe, the bribee so forcing him. Whoever
heard ef such a thing before? I thought I
had heard of every possible phase of criminal
law; but that is something new under the sun.
Now if you will expel Mr. Brooks upon this
report for robbery, I do not know but I will
go with you; because I am inclined to think
they would have allowed him to come in on
the ground floor if he had not been a director,
and they were disposed to treat him well. He
bribed them, if anything was done.
Now let us see how his profits came out.
Would you believe it, wheu my learned and
eloquent colleague was summing up the im-
mense dividends of Mr. Brooks his whole
statement was wrong, depending upon a single
typographical error? My colleague made it
out that Mr. Brooks got eleven hundred per
cent, on his stock in a very few days. But all
that depends upon an error in the print, which
shows how.carefully he listened to the testi-
mony. Let me read just what he read on the
fortieth page of the evidence:
" Question. I see in this printed pamphlet before
me what purports to bo a list of dividends, and X
wish to ask you if that list is oorrect. It is as fol-
lows:
"April 26,1866, one hundred per cent, on Union
Pacific railroad stock.
"April 1, 1867, fifty per cent, on first mortgage
bonds Union Pacific railroad Company.
" July [should be January] 1, 1867, one hundred
per cent, on Union Pacific railroad stock.
" July [should be January] 4,18t>8, eighty por eont.
on first mortgage bonds Union Pacific Kailroad Com-
pany.
" Same day, one hundred per cent, on Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company's stock.
"June 17,1868, sixty per cent, on cash currency.
" Same day, forty per cent, on Union Pacifio Rail-
road Company's stock."
And so on. The expression in the printed
testimony is " on." It should be read "in."
And then this becomes a list of dividends
"in ".Union Pacific railroad stock, which was
not worth five cents on the dollar. Brother
Poland told you the other day, when he gave
his opening argument, that they gave it pretty
much to everybody that wanted it; they wanted
to get rid of it. And when Mr. Brooks drew
eleven hundred per cent, on the stock he drew
it in stock, worth no more than five cents iu
the dollar.
Now, then, sir, that brings up the extent of
the accusation. Now, I have taken pains to see
exactly how this matter is. My honorable col-
league, in order to make up that amount, had
to go back to April, 1866; but neither Mr.
Brooks nor Mr. Neilson held any stock until
January 4, 18G8. On January 4, 1868, he got
eighty per cent, in the mortgage bonds, and
one hundred per cent, in Union Pacific stock ;
on June 17 he got sixty per cent, in cash and
forty per cent, ill Union Pacific stock ; on July
6 he got seventy-five per cent, paid in incomc
bonds and seventy-five per cent, in Union Pa-
cific stock ; on December 19 he got two hun-
dred per cent, in Union Pacific stock, being
of first mortgage bonds eighty per cent., in-
comc bonds seventy-five per cent., Union Pa-
cific stock four hundred and fifteen per cent.,
cash sixty per cent.
Now, these bonds have been bought since
for forty-six cents in the dollar. The stocks have
been down as low as ten cents, and the best of
them, the income bonds, have been down to
thirty cents.
I have called your attention to this to show
that it will not do to take the judgment of a
committee who do not look a little more into
typography than this shows that committee did,.
[Laughter.] You see how they cheated them-
selves and us. I do not think they meant it j
it only shows the carelessness by which men'a
reputations, hopes, and lives are swept away
before a popular assemblage. Think of it!'
We are here as unfit as men can be for judicial
investigation. We are moved by all our pas-
sions and prejudices; all the old contests we-
have had; all the old debates, when we have
trod on each others' toes, come up to sway our
judgment; so that the last place on earth in
which to settle a judicial question is ina delib-
erative, popular assembly; and therefore our
fathers wisely, as I think, insisted that nothing,
like punishment |hould be dealt out by a delib-
erative assembly, and that punishment should
be done only by a court.
I close, sir, as I began, with the words ot
Rawle: "If every Athenian was a Socrates,,
every Athenian assemblage would be a mob."
We are not fit to try a case here ; we cannot
give to it patient investigation and accurate
analysis of the testimony ; we caunot apply the
rules of evidence ; we cannot make that care-
ful examination of all the details which is.
necessary to the administration of justice ; and
our fathers have wisely provided that we never
shall attempt to administer justice at all. We
can protect ourselves from that which is
around us, which is noisome, unhealthy, cor-
rupt,. or improper, but to go back aud punish
men, that we never can do—never, never.
Mexican Commission.
REMARKS OF HON. S. S. COX,
of new york,
In the House op Representatives,
March 1, 1873,
On tho mixed commission on American and British
claims, including salaries of the commissioner and
agent, and expenses of the defense of the United
States against claims presontcd before said com-
mission.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, on this matter
of commissions, if it be not irrelevant, I wish
to print some facts and figures as to the Mex-
ican commission. 1 do it in answer to the
speech in defense of Mexican honor made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks. J I do not and never did want the
appropriation bill as to the Mexican commis-
sion to fail. I proceed to verify and confirm
my statement of the other day. I give facts.
The commissioners, Mr. Wadsworthand Mr.
Palacio, disagreeing in opinion, by an order of
record, dated May 8,1872, referred three hun-
dred and sixty-six cases, known as the Indian
depredation cases, against the United States to
the umpire for decision, and filed their several
opinions. The transmission of the papers to
the umpire (resident in New York) was delayed
by a dilatory motion of the agent of Mexico as
to making certain voluminous translations.
On or about the 16th June, 1872, Sefior de
Leon Guzman arrived in Washington as the
Mexican commissioner to succeed Sefior Don
Francisco G. Palacio. His first act was to
obtain the papers from the Mexican secretary
to the commission, to whom he passed his
receipt therefor.
Ssnor Guzman took his seat and signed his
declaration as a member of the board of com-
missioners on the 24th of June, 1872. He had
the Indian papers in his hands some ten days.
On the 24th Sefior Guzman requested permis-
