1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
I want the committee to rise now and allow
this matter to go over to next week, so that if
anything wrong has been done we may ascer-
tain what it is and rectify it when the considera-
tion of this subject shall be again resumed.
The law of 18ti4 compelled the Government
to pay to this railroad one half of the cost of
transportation, and I think an examination of
that law will convince any lawyer that it was
imperative and that nothing else could have
been done except what was then done. That
is my recollection of the result of the exami-
nation at the time.
Mr. RANDALL. If the law was impera-
tive in that respect, why was that amendment
ioserted in the Army appropriation bill?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. It was brought
up in tome form by Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio,
backed by an opinion of the then Attorney
General, Mr. Akerman. The question was
examined. I recollect, bat only vaguely, that
it was said that there was a scheme on the
part of the first mortgage bondholders under
the law of 18t34 to have & default declared
against the road by reason of non-payment of
the amount due, so that they, having a prior
mortgage of $40,000,000, could at once proceed
to foreclose it, and by obtaining in that way
exclusive possession of the road deprive the
Government of the United States of any benefit
from it.
But all these things can be fully examined
and understood, if time is given till Monday
morning to look into this subject. It was then
believed to be a scheme of the first mortgage
bondholders, and I think that can be shown
if we have time. I therefore move that the
committee now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
committee will now rise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. The motion that the
committee rise is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that according to order of the House
the Committee of the Wholeon the state of the
Union had had under consideration the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 2991) making
appropriation for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
canal communication with mexico.
Mr. HERNDON asked and obtained leave
to have printed in the Globe some remarks he
had prepared npon the feasibility of canal com-
munication between the States on the Missis-
sippi river and the republic of Mexico. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Thomas
W. Hall and Sophia McHenry, for payment
of losses sustained by French spoliations.
Also, the petition of William Barnes, of
Maryland, for relief.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of Henry
C. Smith, late a second lieutenant of the
thirty-sixth regiment of Indiana volunteers,
for muster and back pay.
By Mr. HAMBLETON: The memorial of
J. N. Emons, grandson and heir, and for the
coheirs of William Hernsley, deceased, of
Queen Anne county, Maryland, asking a set-
tlement of the French spoliation claims.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Web-
ster M. Raines, for compensation for rent and
damage to property.
By Mr. MERRICK: The memorial of the
heirs of Joseph Fenwick, deceased, praying
indemnity for spoliations by France prior to
1801.
By Mr. L. MYERS. The memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, for the pas-
sage of a bill authorizing collectors of cus-
toms to refund the full amount of the differ-
ential duties which have been or may hereafter
be collected upon merchandise which was actu-
ally afloat in French vessels destined to the
United States on the 30th day of October
last.
By Mr. ORR: A petition of citizens of
Crawford and Carroll counties, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill to confirm the
title to certain lands in Audubon and other
counties in Iowa to the Rock Island Railroad
Company.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Joseph
| T. Stockbridge, asking that he be paid for labor
; and materials furnished the United States.
| By Mr. SLATER: The petition of John
Burnett and L. W. Phelps, and 1C0 others,
citizens of Benton county, Oregon, praying the
removal of the Indians from the Siletz and
Alsea reservations in said county of Benton,
and the opening of said reservations to settle-
ment.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 13, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. FENTON. I present the memorial of
the Board of Trade of the city of Oswego, New
York, in which they set forth with great clear-
ness the importance of a more rapid and ex-
tensive improvement of the harbor at that
place, especially in view of the widening and
deepening of the Welland canal by the Cana-
dian authorities. They state that the harbor
of Oswego now admits the entrance of vessels
drawing eleven feet of water, but that it is
inadequate as a harbor of refuge and safety,
not less than for the increasing demands of
commerce, in view of these improvements by
the Canadian authorities. It is further stated
that the present annual appropriation of
$100,000 will require nine or ten years to
complete the work on the harbor as now con-
templated, and that the engineer in charge can
safely and wisely expend $300,000 during the
coming season, and the board close their pe-
tition by asking an appropriation for that sum.
I move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of sol-
diers of New York, praying for the passage
by the Senate of the House amendment to the
pension laws, passed there January 17, 1872 ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Aaron B. Fryrear, praying compensation for
secret services rendered in the Army in 1862
and 1863 ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial
of the North American Division of the Sons
of Temperance, signed by Oscar D.Wetmore,
most worthy patriarch, and Samuel W. Hodges,
most worthy scribe, asking for a commission
of inquiry concerning the results of the traffic
in intoxicating liquors, and of restrictive and
prohibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. CHANDLER presented two petitions
of citizens of Michigan, praying for an appro-
priation to improve the west branch of Detroit
river and the head of Lake Erie in the vicinity
of the village of Gibraltar; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of J".
R. Crowell and others, citizens of Minnesota,
praying Congress to extend bounty land to
soldiers and sailors of the late war ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a memorial of
the Massachusetts State Temperance Com-
mission, signed by Rev. John T. Sargent,
president, and S. W. Hodges, secretary, asking
for a commission of inquiry concerning the
results of the liquor traffic ; also of restrictive
and prohibitory legislation for the suppression
of intemperance ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Almira Grafton, praying to be al-
lowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the Army of
the United States, praying for the passage of
! the bounty land bill entitled "An act to en-
] able honorably discharged soldiers and sailors,
j their widows and orphan children, to acquire
homesteads on the public lands of the United
States which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Andrew M. Glassell, of Fredericksburg, Vir-
ginia, praying to be indemnified for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the proceed-
ings and resolutions of the Board of Trade of
the city of Oswego, in respect to the enlarge-
ment of the Welland canal, giving their views
in regard to it, and I move its reference to the
Select Committee on Transportation Routes
to the Seaboard, which I suppose to be the
most appropriate committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paper will
be referred to that committee.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
citizens of New York, soldiers in tne late war,
praying for an increase of pensions to com-
missioned officers'; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of the Grand
Division of the Sons of Temperance of east-
ern New York, asking for a commission of
inquiry concerning the results of the traffic
in intoxicating liquor, and of restrictive and
prohibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
William Stourdt, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying the prohi-
bition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of intoxicating liquors for use as a bever-
age among the Indians and inhabitants of the
western Territories ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented two petitions of soldiers
of Pennsylvania, asking for the passage of the
additional bounty land bill; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to pre-
sent a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to further endow agricultu-
ral colleges with additional grants of public
lands. 1 move its reference to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
my friend that the Committee on Education
and Labor, having already reported in relation
to agricultural colleges, that may lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will lie ou the table.
