520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petitioa of
S. U. Crary and others, citizens of Ohio, pray-
ing to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SAULSBU11Y presented a memorial
of the National Prohibition Society of Dela-
ware, signed by its presideut and secretary, ask-
ing for a commission of inquiry concerning
^he results of the traffic in intoxicating liquors ;
of restrictive and prohibitory legislation for
the suppression of intemperance, and what
additional legislation, if any, by Congress
would be beneficial to prohibit in the sphere
of uational authority all intoxicating liquors
as a beverage ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of soldiers
of Tazewell county, Illinois, praying the pas-
sage of the soldiers' homestead bill; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, soldiers of the late war, praying the
passage of the bounty land bill of the Hon9e
of Representatives; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Galena, Illinois, merchants, praying for the
removal of taxes on State and national bank
ing institutions; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Orin Peak,
of McDonough county, Illinois, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Morgan
Wilcox, praying to be alloweda pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of one hundred
and fifteen soldiers of Whitesides county, Illi-
nois, praying for the passage of the House of
Representatives bounty land bill of December
12, 1872; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of one hundred
soldiers of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying the pas-
sage of the House of Representatives bounty
land bill of December 12, 1872 ; which was re
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the memorial
of Ebenezer French, a soldier of the war of
1812, asking for a pension; which was referred
to the'Committee on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Clement D. Brent and other heirs of Joseph
Feninck, deceased, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the Erench prior
to the year 1801: which was ordered to lie on
the table. 
Mr. STEVENSON presented a petition of
United States officers and soldiers in the late
war, citizens of Adair county, Kentucky, pray-
ing for the passage of the bill which recently
passed the House of Representatives, grant-
ing to each soldier one hundred and sixty
acres of land; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
_ Mr. GOLDTHWAITE presented the peti-
tion of Josephine S. Stevens, praying for com-
pensation for the services and value of the
steamer Grey Cloud, formerly the Kinsman;
which was referred to the Committee on
■ Claims.
Mr. FRELINGHUY8EN presented a me-
morial of the New Jersey State Temperance
Alliance, signed by its president and secretary,
asking for a commission of inquiry concern-
ing the results of the traffic in intoxicating
liquors, of restrictive and prohibitory legisla-
tion for the suppression of intemperance, and
what additional legislation, if any, by Con-
gress would be beneficial within the sphere of
the national authority to prohibit the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of intoxicating
liquors as a beverage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws'
of the United States.
He also presented a petition of the Newark
Rubber Company, asking that taxes improp-
erly paid by them may be refunded; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of A.
S. Macomber, praying for an extension of his
patent for a machine for cutting straw ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition of citizens
of Virginia, praying an amendment to the
bankrupt law ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Joseph
McLean, George Davis, James Walker, and
Richard K. Lee, soldiers of the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed pensions ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MACHEN presented the petition of
Samuel Fels, of Paducah, Kentucky, praying
that bis name be substituted for that of J. E.
Woodward in the bill now pending before the
Senate for the relief of said Woodward ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it was
Ordered, That F. G. Swatka have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
REPORT3 OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2905) for the relief of John McMath, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2792) for the relief of Galen E. Green, reported
it without amendment, and submitted areport
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1751) for the relief of Thomas Foster,
a citizen of Louisiana, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1803) for the relief of H.
H. Meredith, late postmaster at Wade, Bed-
ford county, Virginia, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment, and to rec-
ommend its passage; and J ask for its imme-
diate consideration. It is a very short bill,
and I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it for? Is it
for money lost by a postmaster?
Mr. FLANAGAN. A very small sum of
money. I am sure the bill will meet the
approval of the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over, so that I
may look into it and see whether it does or not.
Mr. FLAN AGAN. If the Senator will hear
the report read he will be satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Ed-
ucation and Labor, to whom was referred a
memorial of the General Assembly of the State
of, Missouri in favor of a grant to that State of
the Government lands yet remaining unsold
within the State for the purpose of education,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 421) to grant to
the State of Missouri all the public lands within
the State remaining undisposed of for the ben-
efit of the public school fund of said State,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of late soldiers and
sailors, praying that industrial homes and train-
ing schools may be established for the orphans
of soldiers and sailors who served in the Army
of the United States during the late rebellion,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a petition of citizens of New
Jersey, praying a further grant of land for
the endowment of scientific and polytechnic
schools; a petition of citizens of Massa-
chusetts for the same purpose; the annual
report of the Governor of Texas in relation
to the sale of scrip issued under the act
donating public lands to the several States
and Territories providing colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts;
two petitions of citizens of Illinois, praying a
further grant of lands to aid in the establish-
ment of colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts; the memorial of the
president and trustees of the East Tennessee
University, for the same purpose; a petition
of members of the board of trustees of the
Iowa State Agricultural College and Farm, for
the same purpose; a petition of the Illinois
Industrial University, for the same purpose;
and a petition of the chancellor of the Univer-
sity of Mississippi, and others, for the same
purpose; asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, a bill having been
already reported on the subject; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 1254) exempting cer-
tain articles from the operation of the fifth
section of the act of May 8, 1872, making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, reported ad-
versely thereon, and moved its indefinite post-
ponement ; which was agreed to.
He also, from, the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1236) to provide
for the recomputation of the accounts between
the United States and the several States grow-
ing out of moneys expended by said States in
the war of 1812, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 994) to pay cer-
tain persons therein specified for horses ille-
gally taken from them by officers of the United
States, reported adversely theon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 904) to authorize
the opening and working of the iron mines
located on the Government land at West
Point, reported adversely thereon, and moved
its indefinite postponement; which was agreed
to.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 195) to
indemnify the State of Virginia and the county
of Pittsylvania, Virginia, for losses incurred
by them from the defalcations of William
Liahy, sheriff of said county tinder appoint-
ment of General E. S. Canby, have instructed
me to report it back adversely and to move
its indefinite postponement.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask that that bill be
placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. SCOTT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1939) for the
benefit of the Louisville and Bardstown Turn-
pike Company, have instructed me to report
it back with amendments. I am requested to
ask for the present consideration of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1116)
for the relief of Harlow J. Phelps & Co., have
directed me to report it back. The claim
originally came to the Senate at the same time
that it was sent to the House. The Commit-
tee on Claims of the Senate reported against
the prayer of the petitioners. It seems in the
House they took a different view of the subject
