1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
and passed a bill, not allowing the claim, but
allowing the parties to go before the Court of
Claims. That bill has been before the com-
mittee and they have considered the subject,
and they still direct me to report the bill back
adversely and recommend that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 160)
relative to claims of certain northern cred-
itors, have had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report it back with certain
verbal amendments, and recommend the pas-
sage of the bill. 1 will say that the substance
of this bill has been reported upon now for
the third time by the Committee on Claims;
and if it is to be acted on by the House of
Representatives at the present session, it is
desirable and important that it should pass the
Senate at once. I ask, therefore, that the bill
be put on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That had better go over
and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. PRATT. I should be glad to have the
bill considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires that it be placed on the
Calendar. It requires unanimous consent to
act on it.
MARY LOVK.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2893) for the relief of Mary Love, have in-
structed roe to report it back favorably and
recommend its passage ; and a8 this is one of
those bills to which, it seems to me, no mem-
ber of the Senate can possibly object, and is
one of such a character that in my opinion it
ought to be bassed at once, I should be very
glad if the bill could be acted upon now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Mary Love, of Roan county,
Tennessee, $1,000, for services in carrying
dispatches from General Grant to General
Burnside, at Knoxville, Tennessee, through
the confederate lines.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Clerk, if there
be no objection, to read the report made by
the committee of the House of Representa-
tives, which will show the nature of the claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear
that report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The Committe on Claims, to whom was referred
the memorial of Miss Mary Love, having considered
the same, make the following report:
During the siege of Knoxville, in November, 1863,
General Grant desired to send an important dispatch
from his headquarters at Chattanooga to General
Burnside at Knoxville, through the investing lines
of the confederate forces under.General Longstreet.
This dispatch was sent to Colonel Robert K. Bird,
commanding at Kingston, Tennessee, with orders
from General Grant to get it to General Burnside
at all cost and at all hazards. Colonel Bird caused
five copies of said dispatch to be made and sent in
different directions, and one Charles Francis lost his
life in the attempt to get through the confederate
lines with one of them. No one of them reached
General Burnside except the one of which Miss
Love was the bearer. Mils Lore was a loyal wo-
man, but she had a brother in the confederate ser-
vice, and was less exposed to suspicion by the con-
federate guards for tnat reason. She was promised
by Colonel Bird that she should be well paid for her
services and the perils she encountered. She trav-
eled alone some' thirteen miles, but at dark she pro-
cured the Kev. Thomas P. Carter to accompany ner,
and they passed throuch the confederate foroes to
Louisville, Tennessee, which plaee thej; reached
about midnight, making thirty-three miles trav-
eled by the claimant. At Louisville she caused the
dispatch to be sewed into the vest of a lad, one John
T. Brown, about thirteen years of age, and sent him
successfully to Knoxville, where he delivered the
dispntch to General Burnside. A copy of the dis-
patch is hereto annexed. It was of a very important
character, and probably saved the forces of General
llurnside from surrender and East Tennessee to the
Federal Army. Your committee report abillto pay
to Miss Love the sum of $2,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and parsed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1338) for the relief of the Portland
Company ; which was read twioe by its title,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1339) for the relief of George W. Lawrence ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1340) for the relief of Stephen Larrabee and
A. L. Allen; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1341) to repeal so mnch of the act en-
titled " An act to increase and fix the military
peace establishment of the United States,"
approved July 28, 1866, as authorizes regi-
mental adjutants and quartermasters to be
extra lieutenants ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S No.
1342) to provide for printing at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office one thousand copies
of the descriptive anatomical catalogue of the
Army Medical Museum ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, and ordered to be printed.
He also ag^ed, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1843) to provide for the better care and pro-
tection of subsistence supplies; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1344) giving power <o the Superintendent of
the Military Academy to convene courts-
martial ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1345) to provide for the Military Academy
band and to fix the pay_ of its members ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1346) granting the right of way to the Great
Basin Railroad Company; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say that I introduce
tfcis bill by request. I know nothing about it
at all, or the character of it. I merely intro-
duce it and ask its reference to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by-unanimous
consent obtained, leavfe to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1347) to fix the. salary of the United
States district judge of Oregon; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
134B) to donate to the State of Oregon a
public building lot and material, situated at
the Dalles, Oregon; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on' Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1349) to reimburse John
E. Woodward for certain moneys paid by him ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That bill has
passed both Houses of Congress, and I wish
an order that the papers on the files of the
Senate be taken therefrom and referred with
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask the attention of the
gentleman who last presented a bill endeavor-
ing to investigate something of the character
of the Woodward claim. I did net understand
what the motion of the gentleman was.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I stated the bill
had passed both Houses at the last session, but
there was not time or for some other reason
the President failed to approve the bill. It
is now referred again to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and my motion was that the papers
which were then before that committee and
are on now on file may be again referred to
the committee.
Mr. MACHEN. I hope that motion will
prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill was
referred. There is no action on it as yet.
Mr. MACHEN. I have presented the peti-
tion of Samuel Fels, to go before the commit-
tee with the papers in Woodward's claim.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
uuanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1350) for the relief of the
Newark Rubber Manufacturing Company;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1351) to prevent and punish infrac-
tions of the rights of the consular officers of
foreign Powers in the United States ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the question of re-
ferring the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary, as it is a penal statute, I wish to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that by various conventions and treaties with
foreign Powers We have undertaken to secure
certain immunities to consuls and other offi-
cers, for which no provision by law in the
way punishing any infractions of their rights
has been made. And in this connection I
think it right to say, although it does not bear
on the precise point of this bill, that it ought
to be a matter of indignation to every fair-
minded American that some persons in this
country have apparently undertaken to malign
a most honorable gentleman who adorns his
diplomatic station at this capital as the
representative of a friendly European Power,
whose character for hon6rr learning, and
capacity is above all reproach; because, under
the direction and through the friendly cour-
tesy of his Government, he has consented to
act as one of the arbitrators in certain import-
ant matters of difference between ourselves
and another Power; and in the course of that
administration of his duty—for I can imagine
no other possible reason—he has felt himself
compelled to pronounce judgment against
sundry large claims which had been' urged
before the commission by coonsel of that class
whose fees are generally contingent; and
thereupon some newspapers in the country
are filled with all manner - of accusations
against and abuse of this gentleman, which,
of course, everybody in this capital knows to
be unfounded and selfish, but which must
necessarily be a subject of mortification to his
Government, as well as to those of Great
Britain and the United States.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
