522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1352) to change the times and places for
holding the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Minnesota;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1353) for the relief of the heirs or legal
representatives of Abraham Livingston, de-
ceased, of New York; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1354) in relation to mineral lands; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1355) to establish a post road in
the Commonwealth of Kentucky; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1356) for the relief of Mary A. Ripley;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSONasked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1357) for the relief of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to the printed.
Mr. SAWYER (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 1358) to incorporate the Eastern
and Western Transportation Company; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the select
Committee on Transportation Routes to the
Seaboard, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1359) for the relief of Mrs. Susan A. Shelby;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 119) to authorize the
Secretary of War to survey, plat, and sell the
present cemetery grounds upon the Fort Gra-
tiot military reservation in Michigan, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of
Charles Trichler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 882) restoring Captain
Alonzo J. Marsh to his position in the Army,
and that he be honorably mustered out of the
service as of the date of the mustering out of
his regiment;
A bill (H. R. No. 1130) to provide for the
purchase, by the Secretary of War, of lands
for the United States in the State of Texas for
the sites of forts and military posts ;
A bill (H. R. No. 267C) for the relief of
Dr. Theodore A. Tellkrupf;
A bill (H. R. No. 3373) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to sell the grounds and tene-
ments in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, now used as
a United States quartermaster's depot;.
A bill (H. R. No. 3374) for the relief of
Jonathan L. Mann;
A bill (H. R. No. 3375) for the relief of
Jackson Roberts;
A bill (II. 11. No. 3376) for the relief of
Lance Sergeant John R. Williams, United
States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 3377) for the relief of
William Phillips and others, heirs of Stephen
Phillips, deceased ; and j
A bill (H. R. No. 3378) to establish a post j
road from Miltoft Mills to Home's Mills, New !
Hampshire. '
The message further announced that the
House hadpassed the bill (S. No. 769) to close
the accounts of R. E. De Russy, late colonel of
engineers, deceased.
The message also returned to the Senate,
agreeably to its request, the bill (H. R. No.
1891) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish the Department of Justice, and for
other purposes," with the amendment of the
Senate thereto.
ACCOUNTS WITH STATES.
Mr. JOHNSTON. The Committee on
Military Affairs this morning reported ad-
versely ori the bill (S. No. 1236) to provide for
the recoruputation of the accounts between
the United States and the several States grow-
ing out of moneys expended by said States in
the war of 1812, and it was postponed indefin-
itely. I desire to submit a motion to recon-
sider that vote with a view of allowingtbe bill,
with the adverse report of the committee, to be
placed on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair will
submit the question of reconsideration to the
Senate.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I now move that the
bill with the adverse report of the committee
be placed on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made.
PRESIDENTIAL approvals.
A message from the President of the United
Statps, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock., his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 11th
instant approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 616) to release to the State
of Indiana the lands known as the bed of
Beaver lake, in Newton county, in said State ;
and
An act (S. No. 1272) authorizing the East
Chester National Bank of Mount Vernon to
change its location and name.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Governor of the District
of Columbia, communicating, in obedience to
law, a copy of the report of the committee
appointed to make a valuation of all real estate
belonging to the United States in the District;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg leave to make an ex-
planation in regard to a newspaper Article that
appeared sometime since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois asks consent to make a personal
explanation. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, this is the
first time in my life that I have ever risen in
any deliberative body to make a personal ex-
planation or answer any attack made upon me
by a newspaper. The article to which I am
about to refer appeared in the Chicago Tri-
bune on the 12th of July last. I have deferred
answering it until the Indian appropriation
bill should be before the Senate, and until the
question in reference to the expenditure of
an appropriation of $500,000 to the Teton
Sioux might be explained before the Senate.
Inasmuch as that 'has been done, I deem it
proper for me to make answer now to this
charge. I ask the Clerk to read, inasmuch as
the newspaper file before me is rather heavy,
a verbatim copy of the article in the Chicago
Tribune based on ah article in the New York
World.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The pertinacity with which Senator John A.
Logan defends Grant's appointments of relatives
to office is not satisfactorily explained by bis well-
known charity for the feelings of others. It is true
that he invariably quotes as an all-sufficient defense
the Scriptural declaration, that ' he that provideth
not for his own house hath denied the faith, and is
worse than an infidel.' Of course General Logas
cannot be expected to hold opinions different from
those taught by the Bible. The New York World,
evidently in ignorance of this Bible prcsept, thus
imputes to our Senator the care of relatives at the
public expense :
"'The Later Logan, "Lo" the Poor Indian, once
more reappears under the name of Logan, now with
pouch too well filled to permit us to fix upon him
the stigma of pauperism. It seems that the sudden
conversion of Senator Logan from a bitter enemy
into a burning advocate of Grant was effected by the
same mystic force which, according to tradition,
will make the mare go, and, a fortiori, the mule.
An appropriation of $500,000, to feed and clothe
rather less than five hundred noble red men in the
Northwest, known as the Teton Sioux, brought
Logan to terms. For it is not true of the later
Illinois Logan, as of the earlier Indian Logan, that
" his blood runs in the veins of no living creature."
On the contrary, with the exception, perhaps, of
Grant's, no man's blood runs more freely and profit-
ably in the veins of living creatures than the blood
of Logan. And Logan having presented to the
President a kinsman and namesake of his as the
proper person to control and disburse the half
million, the President promptly handed the matter
over to him. Persons on the spot estimate the
necessary outlay of Logan on the western lodges
at about $25,000. This will leave him at liberty
to practico "division" and "silence" with his sen-
atorial namesa ke. It would have been strange indeed
if, with four hundred and seventy-five thousand
shining reasons for a change of heart Logan had
remained obdurate.' "
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, it may prob-
ably be deemed by Senators rather a small
business to reply to articles of this kind ; but
during the canvass a man, commonly called
" Governor Bross,'>of our State, by accident
once Lieutenant Governor, repeated this charge
all over the State of Illinois, he being one of
the proprietors of the Chicago Tribune, and
hence I deem it proper to answer it to my con-
stituents. My answer is this : in reference to
the charge that I obtained the appropriation,
or had anything to do with it, or nad anything
to do with the appointment of this person, I
knew nothing of the appropriation at all until
it came before the Senate. I had nothing to
do with it any more than any other Senator,
in either advocating or opposing it. I never
asked President Grant to appoint a relative of
mine, by my name or any other name, to any
position connected with the Indian affairs, in
reference to the Teton Sioux or any other Sioux.
At the time this appropriation was made there
was no person in the Indian service, either as
agent, superintendent of Indian affairs, or in
connection with the Indian Bureau, or with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or the
Interior Department, of my name, as I stated,
or any other name, at my solicitation, or re-
quest, or recommendation, either directly or
indirectly ; nor has there been from that time
to the present. This much I state to show the
connection that I had with this matter of dis-
bursement.
I state further that there was not at that
time, nor has there been up to the present
time, any person in any service connected
with the Indian department on my recom-
mendation, solicitation, or request; and fur-
ther, in reference to my relatives, there is no
person in the service of the Government at
this time, nor has there been during President
Grant's administration by my recommenda-
tion, consent, or request, of my name, either
related to me directly or indirectly. There
was a relative of mine in office by the name of
John Logan when General Grant became
President. He was removed by General
Grant. He is the only relative that 1 know
of of my name who has ever held an office
under the Government.
I should probably qualify my statement by
adding that at one time there was a young man
detailed from the Army, when the Indians
were under the control of the Army, at my
request, and assigned to a tribe of Indians that
I do not remember the name of; and after1
