1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
ward he was placed there by the Interior
Department, having resigned from the Army.
It has been some time siuce he was relieved
from that position in connection with the
Indians, long before anything of this kind
transpired—at least ayear, and probably more,
before anything of this kind transpired.
I now ask the Secretary to read a letter of the
acting Secretary of the Interior in reference to
this statement about my asking for an appoint-
ment, or having anything to do with the dis-
bursement of any portion of these funds.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Dipartmkxt of thk Interior,
Washington, D. C., January 8, 1873.
Sir : Referring to an extraet from the Chicago
Tribune of July 12,18T2, in which is quoted an ex-
tract Irom the New York World of July 9, 1872,
which you hare called to my attention on the suhject
of your connection with certain appropriations for
the support of certain Indians in the Northwest,
and your request that the Department should make
a statement relative to the truth or falsity of the
statements contained in said extraots, I send you
the following:
I find that the above stated extracts charged that
the sum of $.">00,000 was appropriated " to feed and
clothe rather less than five hundred noble red men
in the Northwest known ns the Teton Sioux;" that
"logas, having presented to the President a kins-
man and namesake of his as the proper person to
control and disburse the half million, the President
promptly handed the matter over to him. Persons
on the spot estimate the necessary outlay of Logau
on the western lodges at about $25,000. This wilt
leave him at liberty to practice ' division' aud 'si-
lcnce' with his senatorial namesake. It would have
been strange indeed if, with four hundred and
seventy-five thousand shining reasons for a change
of heart, Logan had remained obdurate." The re-
mainder of the extract is not relevant to the sub-
ject, so far as the Department is concerned, nor, I
presume, is it necessary for your purpose to allude
to anything beyond the disbursement of said appro-
priation.
The Secretary of the Interior, in Jane last, ap-
pointed a commission consisting of the Assistant Sec-
retary of tho Interior, N. J. Turney, and J. W.
Wham, to visit the Indians referred to; but that
commission was not intrnsted with any portion of
said fond for disbursement, excepting $1,500 ad-
vanced by the Department to one member of it to
pay his traveling expenses. Neither did the com-
mission at any time advise any expenditure nor
audit any vouchers or other claims upon said appro-
priation. They proceeded under instructions from
the Indian Offioe, and made a report in accordance
with such instructions, which'report is before the
Senate in a communication to the ohairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, dated the 6th in-
stant. The members of the commission were paid
the usual compensation allowed forsuch service, and
no more. No namesake or relative of yours was
appointed on said commission; nor, so far as is
known to the Department, was the name of any such
person ever presented for appointment by you or
any other person to discharge any duty whatever,
directly or indirectly, conneoted with said appropri-
ation or said tribe of Indians. So far as I know you
took no steps to seenre, the appointment of any
member of said commission, nor do I believe you
knew of their contemplated appointment until afteT
said appointment was made and the fact promul-
gated.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
B. R..COWEN,
Acting Secretary,
Hon. John A. Logan, Senator of the United States.
works at dulutii.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Rrtolwd, That one thousand additional copies of
Executive Document No. 21, giving information re-
fardinc the Government works in the harbor of
laluth, with the accompanying maps, be printed
for the use of the Senate,
notices of business.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I desire to give notice
that on Monday next I shall ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill to
reduce the rates of correspondence by tele-
graph and to connect the telegraph with the
postal service. I hope it will be agreeable to
the Senate to do so. •
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Mobton] gave notice that he would
to-day ask the attention of the Senate to some
remarks upon the resolution which he offered
instructing the Committee on Privileges and
Elections to inquire into what legislation is
necessary with regard to the election of Pres-
ident of the United States. The Senator has
requested me to state that owing to his engage-
ments in that committee, which by direction
of the Senate is sitting during the sessions of
the Senate, it will be impossible for hitn to
attend this morning, and that he will ask the
indulgence of the Senate at an early day to
make the remarks which he intended to make
to-day.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say that at one o'clock I shall ask the Senate
to take up the amendment to the national
agricultural college bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that, when the morning business
shall have concluded, by order of the Senate,
the Calendar, under the Anthony rule, is the
next business in order, the Indian appropria-
tion bill having been passed on Friday. That
is subject, however, under the rule itself, to
be displaced by the Senate taking up other
business.
lands covered by water.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following res-
( olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
lietolvtd. That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to communicate to the
Senate the number of lakes or other bodies of water
designated on the township plats in the publio land
surveys in the several States respectively, known as
public land States, the beds of which have not been
surveyed; and also an approximate estimate of the
quantities of land so covered by water and not in-
cluded in thesurveys; and also what authority, ifany
| j is exercised over the same by the agents of the U nited
, | States to prevent encroachments, drainage, or pri-
j| vate appropriation, the taking of fish, ice, or other
I material therefrom ; also, whether applications are
mado to purchase the beds of such lakes or other
: bodies of water; the practicality in his opinion of
1 selling the same at any profit to the Government,
' and what reasons in bis opinion exist why the
United States should not cede any right they pos-
sess or claim to possess in the same to the States in
which they respectively lie.
! fresh air for senate chamber.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instruoted to inquire into the
practicability of extending the inlets for fresh air
for the Senate Chamber to the western park, and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate take up for consideration the bill
(S. No. 693) to provide for the further endow-
ment and support of colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts, and the
liberal and practical education of the indus-
trial classes in the several pursuits and profes-
sions in life, as established under an act of
Congress approved July 2, 1862.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, and the Calendar
under the Anthony rule being before the Sen-
ate, the Senator from Vermont moves to post-
pone the Calendar for the purpose of consid-
ering the bill which he has indicated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to appeal to the
Senator from Vermont. As we have com-
menced the execution of the Anthony rule, as
now by special order of the Senate, and by
its unanimous vote, it is made to follow the
Indian appropriation bill, if we intend to go
over the Calendar at all, I suggest that we had
better do it to-day. I think we can complete
it to day. To take up a controverted question
like that referred to by the Senator in regard
to agricultural colleges will consume time that
I think might be profitably spent to day in
passing over the Calendar. We shall save
ourselves a great deal of time and labor by
doing that, and we can do it. It will relieve
us from the necessity of future controversy
before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Finance will
not interpose any objection to proceeding at
once with this bill. It was reported at the
last session of Congress. I have frequently
given notice that I would at the earliest possi-
ble moment call it up. It will not take, I am
sure, more than a very short time for its con-
sideration. The principles of the bill have
been heretofore approved by Congress ; and
so far as the present amendment is concerned
it does not meet with any opposition from the
so-called land States, and it is urgently pressed
and called for from all parts of the Union.
I do not think it is necessary for me to got
into a discussion of the arguments that legiti-'
mately belong to the bill, because I have here-
tofore sufficiently discussed them. I ask that
the Senate give a vote whether they will take
up the bill or not. Of course we cannot ex-
pect this measure to pass at any time without
consuming some portion of the session ; but I
think it will consume as little now as at any
other period. There is no pressing business
on the Calendar that I am aware of; there is
no committee that is pressing for any imme-
diate action upon any other measure, and I
think this is perhaps the most opportune mo-
ment that will be offered me for pressing this
bill. I therefore ask a vote on taking it up.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that there is
any committee pressing the Senate, but there
is a committee of Congress being pressed and
which has been pressed ever since I knew any-
thing about Congress. The Senate have two
or three times voted, when there was no meas-
ure before us which the public interests re-
quired to be attended to at once, that they
would in the absence of such a demand go
through the Calendar and dispose of the un-
objected bills standing upon it. Now, we had
better adhere to that determination or abandon
it, because every time there is a proposition
submitted to take up a special bill it occupies
so much time and it defers the execution of
the order of the Senate just so long. If I
understand the Senator's bill and understand
myself, I am in favor of his bill, and shall sup-
port it whenever it is considered ; but I feel
obliged to ask that the Senator will not inter-
pose it here until this order of the Senate has
been executed. I think he will agree that
there is no sort of importance attached to the
matter of passing his bill at once. If we pass
it at any time during the session, that will
answer his purpose; and that may be true of
most of the unobjected cases on the Calendar;
but it is also true that if we execute one order
before we take up another we shall save time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Wisconsin has interposed very properly
a pro forma objection ; he has discharged his
duty to the committee of which he is chair-
man ; but he will see that if we are to follow
his advice and never take up any other bill
until we get through the Calendar, no other
business can be acted upon at this session.
It is important that we should now take up
this measure, which I advocate for the reason
that we must give time to the other House to
act upon it, and I therefore shall insist upon a
vote on the question.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is at the present
time retained in the interest of poblic educa-
tion. One of the first things that we want to
instruct the public in is the necessity of treating
all propositions with candor and good faith,
and I wish to remind the Senator in that con-
nection, taking upon myself the business of
the schoolmaster, that it is not quite candid,
as it seems to me, when he suggested here
that 1 am advising the Senate to go through
with the Calendar in the sense of disposing of
the bills as they stand there. I only ask that
the Senate will consider the unobjected bills
on the Calendar. I do not insist that his
bill shall be postponed until the rest have all
been considered in their tarn, but that the bills
which we have sufficiently considered and do
not want to debate, to which there is no objec-
tion, shall be disposed of before we take up
these debatable matters.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Sen-
ator will remember that we have spent nearly
a fortnight in that very same kind of labor,
