1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE .
1487
must confess my surprise that it should be
insisted on this floor that there was not a con-
tract that this work should be finished by the
General Government simply because the two
per cent, fund was not adequate to the com-
pletion of. it. Why, sir, suppose I subscribe
a thousand dollars to the construction of a
railroad; I take that much stock; I do it upon
the understanding that the road is to be built
that my stock may be valuable, and suppose
they do not try to build the road and turn
around and say, "You did not subscribe enough
to build the whole road, therefore there is no
contract that the road shall be finished."
Why, sir, it was the distinct understanding,
it was a part of the great policy of the time.
Allow me to remark and to call the attention
of my friend from Vermont to the fact that
the construction of the National road was at
that time more a matter of' national policy,
was more talked about, and was looked upon
as a bigger thing, a more important thing in a
national point of view than the construction
of the Pacific railroad was a few years ago.
Our people did not know auything about rail-
roads at that time. They looked to a macadam-
ized road, a great broad road sixty feet wide,
stretching across four States, as a great na-
tional work. These States were required to
contribute to it; it was a part of the under-
standing when this contract was made with
these States, that the road should be finished.
It never was finished. The United States ex-
pended a large amount of money in Indiana,
say a million dollars and upward, if you
please; 4hey graded the road across the Stale,
they built some bridges, but they only put the
metal upon about three miles of road, com-
mencing on the eastern border of the State.
I believe, they macadamized some forty or
fifty miles in the State of Ohio; none what-
ever in the State of Illinois.
Mr. THURMAN.. Eighty miles unfinished
in Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. But so far as Indiana was
concerned there never were but three miles
of it finished in the State. This brings me
to the question of the justice of this claim.
The Senator from New Jersey asked if a
million dollars was expended in the State
of Indiana in the construction of this road,
what justice is there in Indiana coming here
and asking the two per cent, fund back? I
will tell the Senator what justice there is in it,
and it is upon the broadest principles of jus-
tice. The work was a national work. The
General Government had no more right to
ask Indiana to tax herself to that amount to
build it than she has a right to ask the State
of Michigan to tax herself for the construc-
tion of harbors and the improvement of rivers
in that State. These are considered of na-
tional character. Take the river Mississippi;
it is a national highway. We pay money out
of the Treasury for the purpose of keeping
that river in a navigable condition, and ac-
cording to this doctrine we ought to tax every
State on the banks of that river. No, sir, we
long since abandoned that policy.
That was in the beginning a narrow policy,
a policy of injustice to the western States, one
that ought never to have been adopted; but
it was adopted. After a while the Govern-
ment adopted a new policy, that is of con-
structing works of internal improvement out
of the national Treasury, of improving your
harbors, of improving the navigation ot the
rivers, and doing whatever was to be done in
that way out of the national Treasury, and not
taxing any particular State for it. After that
policy was finally adopted, it became^ a matter
of simple justice to refund to those States the
money that they had been required to pay lor
a work that was regarded as national in its
character.
1 should like to have my friend from Ver-
mont, who opposes this bill, explain upon
what principles of justice Indiana, Ohio, and
Illinois should be taxed for the construction
of a national work across those States when
you do not tax Maryland, New York, Michigan,
Wisconsin, and every other State for money
expended within their borders in the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors. No reason can
be given. More than thirty years ago we
abandoned the policy of taxing particular
States for internal improvements in • their
borders or leading to them ; and when we
adopted the other principle of paying for these
works out of the national Treasury it became
a matter of simple, even-handed justice to pay
back to those States the money that had been,
taken from them for that purpose.
The Cumberland road, starting in the State
of Maryland, was a matter of the first import-
ance to the State of Maryland, as I will call to
the attention of my friends from Maryland, at
the time it was made, opening as it did the
trade of the West to the State of Maryland,
and opening all the West to settlement from the
East; and it was sheer injustice to require
Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois to pay for the
expenses of that work. If the Government had
any right to build it at all, she must build it at
her own expense. She had no right to drive
bargains and dickers with States for the pur-
pose of requiring them to pay a part, pf it. It
was either a national work, or it was not. If it
was not, she had no right to build it; if it was
a national work, she was bound to build it out
of the national Treasury. But the policy of
the Government was not as well understood
at that time as it is to-day, and she began by
taxing all the States for particular improve-
ments.
After going upon that principle for a while,
it was abandoned, and every work of that
kind that the Government undertook was paid
for out of the national Treasury, and when
that time came it was a matter of simple jus-
tice to refund to those States what they had
lost by the former policy.
To illustrate the justice of this claim and
the weakness of the arguments against it, let
me call the attention of the Senate to the
railroad grants that have been made by the
Government of the United States. There
have been grants of land, and those grants
have been unequal. Take your own State,
sir, (Mr. Ferry, of Michigan, in the chair,)
which I believe lias had some thirteen million
acres granted to build railroads across that
State. I will not say it was not wise ; I make
no argument upon that; but I mean to say
that more than thirteen million acres of
land were granted to Michigan, and I refer to
Michigan simply by way of illustration. Now,
suppose the Government had required that
Michigan as a condition of these land grants
should herself pay a bonus to the Government
of the United States, should pay a per cent,
in some way, that would have been exactly
in analogy with this contract that was made
with the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
But when grants have been made to build
railroads in Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin,
Iowa, and other States, there has been no con-
dition attached to them. There has been no
per cent, required to be paid by those States
as the consideration of the grants. Those
were left free to tax the lands sold by the
Government just as soon as they were sold.
There was to be no set-off; no quid pro quo;
but it was an absolute national grant for a par-
ticular purpose; and so millions and millions
of acres have been granted awav.
Now, Mr. President, the construction of this
road furnished no consideration for the con-
tract on the part of these States to pay the
money. At that time they were simply as
clay in the hands of the potter. They would
do whatever the Government required them
to do. But the subsequent policy of the Gov-
ernment and our practice now for more than
forty years show the injustice of that whole
arrangement. The Government has aban-
doned it, and now goes entirely_ upon other
principles. Missouri has been paid. What is
the reason given ? ' They say because she ex-
pended money within her own limits. In
building roads along the line of the National
road? Not at all; but building north'* and
south roads, east- and west roads. She ex-
pended money within her own limits in build-
ing railroads. Indiana has done the "same
thing. As I remarked awhile ago, we have
just, got through paying our old debt contracted
for the purpose of building railroads and
canals in Indiana. If that consideration" was
a good one in regard to Missouri, it is just as
good in regard to Indiana, Ohio, and Illino'is.
I care not which horn of the dilemma the Sen-
ator takes. There can be no reason given why
this money should not be refunded to Indiana.
Sir, the States should be placed upon an
equality in this respect. They should all be
made to pay for works of internal improve-
ment by which they may be benefited, or
none should be made to pay. The Govern-
ment has abandoned the policy of making
them pay for the last forty years; the money
has been refunded to three States, Missouri,
Alabama, and Mississippi; and we now simply
ask the Government to place the three States
of Ohio; Illinois, and Indiana upon the same
basis.
You have heard the argument that has been
made by the Senator from New Jersey. I
do not question his sincerity. He has made
the best argument that can be made in oppo-
sition to this bill. But, according to his
own showing, it is without foundation. He
is compelled to start out with the assumption
that there was no contract, there was no
agreement that the Government was to finish
this road. I answer that by a reference to
the history of the times. I answer it by a
simple reference to the nature of the con-
tract itself, that such an understanding must
have been implied from the very nature of it,
and it could not be otherwise.
Mr. FRBLINGHUYSEN. I certainly say
with my friend from Indiana that the Govern-
ment undoubtedly did intend to complete the
road ; but the contract was that they should
apply that money to the road. That is all that,
they were under obligation to do under the
contract; and I submit that when they spent
$7,000,000 upon the road, they did substantially
as well as literally comply with the contract.
It would have been a perfect absurdity for
the Government, after the change of circum-
stances, after the introduction of railroads, to
go on and spend—I think it would have cost
six or seven millions more to perfect that road.
There is no difference between ns as to the
understanding of the Government; but it Was
not a part of the contract, and substantially
they did comply with it in making a road
leading to those States.
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, the
Senator would prescribe a very narrow rule
as between the States and the Government.
He says that this was not embraced in the
statute; that because a great question of pub-
lic policy was not written down specifically in
the statute, it is not to be considered. Sir, it
was in the understanding and in the minds of
men, and if you regard it as a contract at a.11,
i he contract was not complied with. Sup-
pose, if you please, that the city of Washing
ton subscribes a million dollars to a railroad
to be built here from the city of Charleston.
The grant is made conditional that if they
build a railroad to this city from Charleston,
the city of Washington will pay $1,000,000.
They go on and expend twenty millions, but
they only build the road within fifty miles of
Washington. Does anybody pretend that
Washington is bound to pay that money?
The company have expended twenty millions;
they have brought the road within fifty miles
of Washington; but as a matter of contract
there is no obligation on the part of Washing-
ton to pay that money, because the contract
was that the road should be built to this city.
So it was the contract broadly, reasonably,
