188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of.Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Eldredge.
42d Cong....3d
these "favored few" and sell only to them j
"comers and rings" will be formed, (for men
never fail to accept any advantage the law
affords, whether fair or not,) to dictate prices.
Dealers in leaf tobacco cannot help the farm-
ers because they are also restricted and can
only sell to manufacturers of tobacco or snuff
or exporters.
Isthis equality or uniformity; can one citi-
zen enjoy privileges that are denied to another
in this land of equality of rights? Yes, under
this law, one farmer may go out to market
with his produce, he may sell or exchange his
produce as I have shown, unrestricted in quan-
tity ; go where purchasers are numerous and
competition strongest; while another can sell
only to a licensed dealer who is himself sub-
servient to the manufacturer or exporter,
because he can only sell to them, and then
only in quantities dictated by law.
Mr. Speaker, gentlemen cannot satisfy our
Constitution, cannot satisfy right or justice by
showing that the tobacco farmer can sell his
produce in prescribed quantities and to a few
licensed dealers, as is directed by this enact-
ment. I was among those who desired to
reduce the tax on manufactured tobacco,
because I believed that the exorbitant rate
affected the planters, and I believed it could
be reduced without producing material diminu-
tion of revenues.
I understand, Mr. Speaker, that we will
soon have before us a bill amending this in-
iquitous enactment so as to allow farmers to
sell as they please one hundred dollars' worth
of leaf tobacco without license or tax. This
would give some relief, but 1 hope Congress
will not stop with that sort of partial justice,
but that the whole law will be repealed so as
to leave tobacco raisers as free in the dispo-
sition and sale of their produce as other farm-
ers are.
Sir, we ought not to hesitate or delay in
performing this act of simple justice. The
interest of no class ought to be allowed to work
the injury of that of the farmer. It has never
been the practice of this Government or any
other, in time of peace, to impose taxation
upon the raw products of the soil. Agricul-
ture is" the source and foundation of national
prosperity and power. It is the support of
commerce, manufactures and the arts in all
their diversified and multiform departments.
When agriculture languishes national wealth
wanes, and all industries aud enterprises are
paralyzed. Wise statesmanship fosters and
encourages it rather than loads it with burdens.
Strike down the interest of the farmer and the
blow is fatal to the prosperity of every other
calling and pursuit. The prosperity of all de-
pends upon the prosperity of these sturdy tillers
of the soil, who are the only real producers in
the land. All must look to them. The me-
chanic, the physician, the lawyer, the trades-
men, and teachers all rely on the.farmer for
bread. If you injure his interest you inflict
injury on all.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. C. A. ELDREDGE,
of wisconsin,
In the House of Representatives,
February 26,1873.
The House having under consideration the report
of the select committee appointed to investigate the
alleged Credit Mobilier bribery—
Mr. ELDREDGE said:
Mr. Speaker : I am weaiied, and I feel that
the House is wearied, too, with the protracted
discussion of the subject under consideration.
I know that the hour is late, and while I do
not fa.il to appreciate the magnitude of the
question, its importance to the country, its
importance to those who are accused, its im-
portance to their constituency, and to us all
as members of this distinguished body, yet at
this hour of the night I shall not undertake-to
enter iuto any lengthy discussion of all the
many questions which seem to me involved.
After hearing the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shj:llabarger] and one of the gentle-
men from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] I begin
to think that I am rather old-fashioned, and
perhaps by them shall be considered old fogy-
ish. I had supposed that this Federal Gov-
ernment waa a Government of laws, that it had
no powers except those which were conferred
upon it by the people, that those powers were
expressed and deiined in a written Constitu-
tion, and that no Department of it could exer-
cise any other or greater powers than those
which were expressly delegated; that neither
the Congress nor this House of Representa-
tives could move or.act as such except by
virtue of the Constitution and the laws made
in pursuance thereof. I did not suppose des-
potic or tyrannical powers had a lodgment
here; that this system of government of ours,
devised and organized for the protection of
the rights and liberties of the people, could
be invoked and used for their overthrow aud
destruction.
But now what do we see? What are we
doing? What are we attempting? What
jurisdiction are we assuming, and upon what
authority do we assume it? The House of
Representatives may punish its members
for disorderly conduct, and, two thirds con-
curring, may expel a member. Expel a mem-
ber for what?' We may punish for disor-
derly conduct; we may expel for what? I
have listened to-night and during this entire
discussion hoping that some of the learned
and able gentlemen who have spoken would
give us some idea of what power we may ex-
ercise under this clause of the Constitution,
" two thirds concurring may expel a member."
I have listened in vain. No one has made any
attempt to define or limit this power. It is
conceded that all we are doing or attempting
to do is by virtue of power conferred in this
provision.
The case we have in hand, as found by the
report of the select committee, is that some live
years ago Oaks Ames sold to members of the
then Congress, who are members now of this,
shares of Credit Mobilier stock at less than
its value for the purpose of influencing their
votes or action as such members. And they
denominate it an attempt on his part at bribery,
though they find that nobody was in fact bribed
by him.
James Brooks, the committee find, used his
official position to purchase stock at less than
it was worth. Who bribed him or how pre-
cisely he was bribed the committee have not
informed us. There is no bribery or impro-
priety even on the part of any one found by
the committee to have been done or committed
since their election to this present Congress.
Now it is for these acts done live years ago
which the learned committee recommend ex-
pulsion.
And the very first question we must con-
sider is whether we have jurisdiction over the
matter at all. As for myself, I have no doubt
upon the subject. This power was conferred
for the purpose of self preservation. We may
punish for disorderly conduct; and if punish-
ment does not avail, two thirds concurring, we
may expel a member. The power of punish-
ment and expulsion are for the purpose of
maintaining deliberative order; that order
necessary to the proper discharge of legisla-
tive duty—the legitimate duties of the body.
The committee tell us this power of expulsion
is a matter entirely in the discretion of ..the
House, and that there is no limitation what-
ever to this discretion. They cite the action
of the British House of Commons, and would
have us believe that the power of this House
is coextensive with that. They admit, the
chairman, the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland,] admits, that there is no law ex-
pressly declaring, and uo precedent of our own
for expulsion for acts antedating the eleotioa
to the Congress from which the expulsion'^
to be made. But he and his committee assert
that ours is a discretionary jurisdiction, abso-
lutely discretionary.
And he tells us we can go to the extent the
British House of Commons and the House of
Lords have gone; and he' cites their cases as
precedents and argues that our jurisdiction is
intended to be equal to theirs. I have not so
learned the Constitution of our country. I
do not believe that we can rightfully exercise
the vast powers which the Parliament of Great
Britain claims to possess. We have no im-
perial Government; we have no omnipotent
Parliament; we have, this House has, only
such powers as are conferred upon us. We
can exercise no powers but what we find
expressly given to us in the written Constitu-
tion. There are limitations as well as grants
in our Constitution. The grants must be con-
strued so as not to destroy or abrogate the
limitation, but as circumscribed and bounded
by it. The preservation of liberty and human
rights is the fundamental, all-pervading idea
of our Government. The e can be no sueh
thing as liberty where one man or any num-
ber of men are invested with absolutely dis-
cretionary control over others. Such control
is necessarily despotic and tyrannical, and
must be at war with the spirit and genius of our
institutions. The Parliament of Great Britain
is bound by no formal written constitution.
It makes its constitution as it moves along,
aud exercises the powers that either by pre-
scription it has possessed itself of or by necss-
sity it deems it for the interest of the Govern-
ment to assume.
I f we are to adopt the precedents ofthe British
House of Commons where will we go, to what
extent indeed may we not go? Are we willing,
is this House willing to follow their example,
and go the absurd length that the Commons
and Lords of England have gone ? Look at the
case known as Floyd's case. He had spoken
" offensive words concerning the daughter of
of James I and her husband, the Elector Pal-
atine. He was charged by the attorney gen-
eral before the Lords, and received sentence
that he should be incapable of bearing arms as
a gentleman, that he should ever beheld an
infamous person, and his testimony not to be
taken in any courts or cause; that he should
ride twice to the pillory with his face to the
horse's tail, holding the tail in hishand; that
he should be branded with the letter ' K' on
his forehead, be whipped at the cart's tail, be
fined £5,000 to the king, and be imprisoned
in Newgate for life." That is one British pre-
cedent. Many more as wanton and absurd
might be cited. The reports are full of them.
Full of examples of tvrannical and despotic
exercise of unlimited, discretionary power as
it is called by the two houses of the British
Parliament. Yet, if we take British law for
our guide, if we follow her example and are
guided by the precedents England furnishes, to
this extent may we go.
Indeed, the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Polakd,] in answer to my question, if he
claimed that we could lawfully exercise the
same power as the House of Commons and go
to the same extent it had gone, answered,
" Precisely the same."
Then, sir, if some thoughtless individual in
this House, or not in it, should happen to
speak disrespectfully of a dignitary of the
Government he may be arraigned before this
body, and, without indictment, without jury
trial, condensed to ride twice to the pillory
