624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
and only got a little more than half through
the Calendar. Of coarse I hare no objection
to proceeding with the Calendar at the proper
time : but it never would be in order for me
to call np this bill if we were to follow the
ad rice of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
mi sps in the chair.) The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont to
proceed to the consideration of the agricul-
tural college bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 80, nays 12; as follows
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Ames. Boreman, Brown-
low. Buckingham, Cameron, Corbett, Davis, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, John-
si >n, Kelly, Machon. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Nyo, Patterson, Pool, Ran-
som, Sawyer, Schurx, Spencer, Vickers, and Win-
doia—30.
NAYS — Messrs. Casserly, Cole, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Pratt, Rob-
ertson, Sherman,.Stevenson, Stookton.'i'hurinan.and
\V ©st—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Cald-
well. Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton, Conklinr,
Cooper,Craain, Fenton, Ooldthwaite, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock.Kellogg.Lewis, Logan, Morton, Osborn,
I'omeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury. Scott, Spragae,
Stewart. Sumner, Tit>ton, Trumbull, Wilson, and
W right—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that
the amendment submitted by me on the 14th
of May last may be considered as the original
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Education |
and Labor the Senator from Vermont desires i
shall be treated as the text of the original j
bill. Such will be taken to be the sense of i
the Senate if there be no objection. The j
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment;
which was to strike out all of the original bill
after the enacting clause, and to insert in lien
thereof the following:
That for the more complete endowment and sup-
port of colleges established nnder the provisions of
an act of Congress approved July 2, 1862, entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide C9lleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts," there
is hereby appropriated, to each State and Territory
in which such oolieges have been, or may be within
five years from the passage of this act, pat into
actual operation, the proceeds of the tale of five
hundred thousand acres of publio lands, estimated
at SI 25 per acre, on such conditions as to the appli-
cation and management of the sum hereby appro-
priated as are prescribed in the act hereinbefore
mentioned.
Sue. 2. That whenever the Secretary of the Inte-
rior fhall have the certificate of the Governor of
any State or Territory, or other satisfactory evidence
that snch college or colleges has or have been duly
established in such State or Territory, as provided '
for in the act of Congress heretofore mentioned.it i
shall be tne duty of the said Secretary of the In- '
terior to eortify the fact to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and also to the trustees or other board of
managers having the lawful financial control of said
college or colleges; and thereupon it shall be the
dnty of the said Secretary of the Treasury, upon the ,
application of said trustees, or said board of man- ,
agers, to issue to them a certificate setting forth that
said trustees or managers are entitled to the sum
provided for in the first section of this act, or if
more than one college has been heretofore estab-
lished in any State orTerritory, then to each of said
colleger puch part of said sum as would he in pro-
portion to the amount heretofore by them received 1
under the provisions of the act of Congress men-
tioned in tb<; first pcction of this act. i
Ski;. 3. That on the 1st flay of July, 1872, and in
each year thereafter, antil the provisions of the
first section of this act shall bo fully accomplished,
it shall be the duty ol the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to ascertain the net amountof tales of the publio
lands for the preceding fiseal y ear, and to invest the
same in outstanding United States registered bonds
having the longest time to run, bearing five per
cent, interest per annum, payable semi-anauully;
or, at his discretion, may issue such bonds, retaining
the money therefore in theTreasury, to such college
or colleges, giving to each State or Territory from
time to time the equal share to which it may be
justly entitled, excluding fractions of less than
11,000, and all such bonds shall be kopt in the
cuutody of the Treasurer of the United States, who
shall semi-annually pay to the trustees or board of
managers, as hereinbefore described, the interest
thereupon due.
Sue. 4. That whon any bonds as aforesaid shall
mature and bo paid, it shall be the duty of tho Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reinvest the same amount
for the benefit of any college or oollegos entitled to i
the s.tme by the purchase of other and similar out-
standing United States bonds, or at bis discretion to
issue new bonds, a? hereinbefore described: J'ro-
vided, That if it shall at any time be uiade to appear
to the Secretary of the Interior by unequivocal
evidence that any State or Territory has not in good
faith substantially complied with the provisions of
tho act named in the first seotion of this act as to the
uses.otuects, and purposes therein contemplated, he
shall at once duly notify tho Treasurer of tho United
States, who shall thereafter withhold tho payment
of any interest which may have accrued or nccruo to
any college or colleges in such State or Territory
until such time as the said Secretary of the Interior
shall be satisfied as to the compliance with tho pro-
visions of said act, and shall so notify the Treasuror
aforesaid: Provided fvrthrr, That the fund created
under this aot and the act heretofore mentioned
shall be appropriated to such college or oolleges as
has or have been already established in any State or
Territory; and where no such college has yet been
established, said funds shall be appropriated to the
endowment and support of one college only in any
State or Territory.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following to
come in at the end of the first section of that
amendment, which I believe now stands in
lien of the bill:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed as in any way limiting or affecting the
operation or application of existing homestead or
preemption laws. j
A single word in explanation of the amend- !
ment. I have no objection to this bill, as
explained by the Senator from Vermont, if it
is intended merely to apply the proceeds of '
the sales of public lands to this purpose, and
provided there is to be no inference drawn
from this act that Congress intended to change
the existing system ; but if by the passage of
this act we are to come back in some future 1
Congress and find it claimed that we have
appropriated these lands at $1 25 per acre,
and therefore that oar existing laws must be
changed to an extent that will enable us to sell
enough land at $1 25 an acre to realize so
much money, I offer this amendment in order
to prevent any such inference in the future
and to shut the door against any such claim,
if it ever comes back into Congress again, that
we designed in any way to affect the existing
homestead laws.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to make to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Minnesota. All that was
intended was to appropriate a given amount
of die public lands estimated at $1 25 an acre.
If they are sold at double that price, we get
only half that quantity; if they are sold at
less than that, it is to be made equal to that. j
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I trust the
Senate at least will pay attention to the import-
ance of this bill and not regard it as a minor j
matter. This bill appropriates $34,500,000, of
money the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, to support agricultural colleges in the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
is mistaken. It is rsdnced to five hundred
thousand acres in the amendment. The
original bill was a million.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have it exactly. The
number of acres given to each State and Ter-
ritory is five hundred thousand. There are
now forty-six States and Territories, and con-
sequently the number of acres of land is
twenty-three millions, and that land is to be
computed at $1 25 an acre. Whatever the
Government may get for it is a matter of no
moment; it is to be computed at $1 25 an
acre. Taking twenty-three million acres of
land at $1 26 an acre, and ymi have the exact
appropriation in money from the Treasuiy
of the United States which is made by this
bill. I stated the amount a little too broadly;
it would be $28,750,000 in money.
Mr. President, in other words, it applies the
whole proceeds of the public lands, now yield-
ing $2,000,000 a year, to pay this money at a
time when it is plainly manifest and when my
honorable friend from Vermont knows ns well
as I do that we have gone to the verge of
repealing taxes. We have come to a time
when our expenditures begin to equal our
receipts, and it behooves us to be careful and
to husband our resources.
To show that I am not mistaken in rpgard
to the character and importance of this bill, I
ask Senators to read it. The first section is
plain ; it appropriates five hundred thousand
acres of land to each State and Territory,
whatever may be its size. The State of New
York, with a population of four million in-
habitants, receives five hundred thousand acres
of land; the State of Nevada, with perhaps
seventy or eighty thousand inhabitants, re-
ceives five hundred thousand acres of land.
But that is not all. It is a grant of public
land, but this land is to be estimated at $1 25
an acre ; in other words, each State receives
$635,000. How is that to be paid ?
Section two provides that certificates shall
be issued by the Secretary of the Interior to
each college now established or that may be
established within five years, calling itself an
agricultural college, for its portion of these
lands. If there is in a State but one college,
that college will get $625,000 as a permanent
endowment in addition to the endowment
already had ; and that, too, whether the State
is large or small. If a State has established
two, three, or four agricultural colleges, and
no doubt some of them will when they are so
amply endowed by the General Government,
then this fund is divided among those two or
three or more colleges.
Next comes the third section, by which the
Secretary of the Treasury is required to pay
over the entire proceeds of the public lands
to redeem these certificates of the Secretary
of the Interior, the aggregate amount of which
is $28,750,000; and if the entire proceeds of
the sales of public lands should be $3,000,000
a year for ten years, the whole of this money
will be paid over without reduction for the
expenditures of surveying, or the expendi-
tures of acquiring territory, or the extinguish-
ment of Indian titles, or any of the incidental
expenses of conducting the land establishment.
The whole proceeds of the sales of the publio
lands are to be applied annually to redeem
these certificates or the Secretary of the Inte-
rior until the whole amount, $28,750,000, has
been invested.
Now I ask the Senate whether they are pre-
pared in the present condition of the country
to distribute among the States $28,000,000
from an overflowing Treasury ? That is all
there is of it. This is a bill to distribute so
much money among the States derived from the
proceeds of the public lands.
In the first place, I must insist that there is
a constitutional objection to this. If we can
collect money by the sale of public lands or
can collect money by taxation and distribute
that money among the people—which was an
old controverted question between the Whig
and Democratic parties, but I will take it as
settled that we can distribute it—we are bound
to distribute it in the same way that we are
bound to levy taxes, namely, according to
population. If you take this money, the money
of the people of the United States, the pro-
ceeds of their property, and distribute it among
the StateB, I representing the State of Ohio
demand that you shall distribute it among the
8tates in the proportion that you would levy
taxes. If you levy from New York the same
taxes that yon do from Nevada, then distribute
this money in the same proportion. Bat by
the Constitution you are bonnd In levying your
taxes, 'especially when they assume the form
of direct taxes, the only form that can be dis-
tributed pro rata, to tevy them pro rata, and
so this money should be distributed according
to population. The old agricultural college
bill—which I think has done more harm in the
distribution of the public land than will ever
be compensated by any good that can come
