1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1489
ence to moneys derived from sales. Reservations
are put upon the same footing as sales by the acts
relied upon m the support of the claim, and the
Department is not aware of any legislation requir-
ing or directing any payment to Illinois on account
of that fund. _
The State is, in the opinion of the Secretary of
the Interior, entitled to three per cent, upon the
permanent Indian reservations within her limits
The Secretary deems it proper to say that the re-
marks in this and the preceding opinion, in regard
to the settlement of accounts upon the terms pre-
scribed by the act of 1857, are not meant to apply to
States thereafter admitted into the Union. It is'
unnecessary to express any opinion as to the right
of such States to the benefits of that act, as the Ques-
tion is not before him.
You will be pleased to furnish Mr. Morris and
his Excellency, the Governor of Illinois, with a copy
of this opinion.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, W. T. OTTO,
Assistant Secretary.
Hon. J. M. Edmunds,
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You have here, Mr.
President, the solemn judicial judgment of a
citizen of Indiana upon this very question, who,
as I said, if, as we know in human affairs it
sometimes happens, bias may enter into the
minds of men on account of the interest that
they or their particular States or constituents
feel about a matter, was subject to a bias against
the Treasury and in favor of his State; but
with that fidelity to truth and to justice and to
law which has always characterized that gen-
tleman, so far as I know, (which is not very
extensively to be sure,) you find that he decides
against his own State, not only upon the letter
of the law, but upon the spirit and justice of
the law and npon the justice of the case itself,
independent of the statutes. And yet the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, and my friend
from Illinois, and the other Representatives of
the States that are to profit by this raid upon
the Treasury, express their amazement that
anybody should doubt that they were right,
when their own citizens, out of the arena of
politics, away from the influences of a lobby,
find no difficulty in saying that this claim
against the Treasury of the United States has
not a leg to stand upon; and we are called
upon to overrule the solemn adjudications of
the Departments, made by a citizen of one of
these very States, upon the ground that we
have been doing all the time a gross injustice
and have been guilty of a flagrant violation of
law. Why, sir, if we were in some other
presence I should feel justified in saying that
audacity could go no further, that the vocabu-
lary of that courage which one of the Sen-
ators from Ohio showed this morning ought to
be exhausted in hunting up epithets by which
we could pay the homage of our admiration to
the coolness and the bravery with which this
claim is made against the pockets of the people
of the United States.
Mr. President, where did these States get
this "right" that they now assert with so
much boldness? Was it a right that was in-
herent in them as Territories? Nobody pre-
tends it. They got it because the Congress of
the United States, representing all the States,
and the people, being the proprietor of these
lands, the old as well as the new States, out
of consideration to the circumstances of these
new States, said, " We will make a donation
to you ; we will not only set you up as a polit-
ical corporation, and bring you into the family
of States, but we will give you a dowry; we
will give you lands for schools; we will give
you leigedom and seignory, as the poets would
say, over a variety of affairs; we will aid you
in every way possible; and we will take from
the common property of the whole people five
per cent, of the proceeds of the sale of their
lands—not the lands of Ohio, not the lands of
Indiana, not the lauds of Illinois—but we will
take five per cent, of the lands of the people
of all the States and aid you in building up
works of internal improvement."
That is the origin of this right, as it is
called, in these people. Very well. Have
■ we not done it? We gave back to these States
at their request, three of that five per cent.
42D Conu. 3D SKSS.—No. 94.
to dispose of is they liked, in their own way,
leaving only two per cent, for the benefit of
surrounding States, to be expended by us.
Have we not expended it? Confessedly we
have. Here are the figures from the Treasury;
here are the reports from the Interior Depart-
ment, which show that instead of spending two
per cent, we have spent ten per cent. When
I say ten per cent. I am speaking roundly, of
course. Instead of spending a few hundred
thousand dollars to carry out that donation
that we made to them, we have spent tenfold ;
we have spent millions, instead of thousands,
for the identical purpose for which what is
called the compact said we should expend this
two per cent. fund.
Take Ohio for illustration, because I do not
wish to take up the time of the Senate in dis-
cussing this matter. I do not know but that,
as the saying is. Senators have made up their
minds. I do not know but that the arguments
we hear just outside of these green doors, by
people who are paid for putting the case to us in
a particular way, have had their influence, and
that discussion here is useless; but I presume
not of course. This is the Ohio statute, which
will stand as a text for the whole:
"That one twentieth part of the net proceeds of
the lands lying within the said State sold by Con-
gress from and after the 30th day of June next, after
deducting all expenses incident to the same, shall
be applied to the laying and making public roads
leading from the navigable waters emptying into
the Atlantic to the Ohio, to the said State, and,
through the same, such roads to be laid out under
the authority of Congress, with the consent of the
several States through which the road shall pass."
As I have said, three of this five per cent,
has, at the request of these States, been turned
over to them. Now, what did we undertake
to do, not with the money of these States, as
I repeat, not with the lands of these States, as
I repeat, but'with our own money and with
our own lands, in order to aid them in a gen-
erous and beneficent way? We said we would
take this two per cent, and apply it to the
building of roads leading to Ohio, and then,
as other States were admitted, in the same
language, leading to them. Have we done it?
There is no dispute that we have done it ten
times over, and it was specifically to be taken
out of that very two per cent, in the appropri-
ations that Congress made from year to year,
from 1805 down to 1825 or 1830, whatever the
last time was. Was there any complaint by
these States at that time that we were misap-
propriating the money? Not at all. We were
doing precisely the thing that we had told
them we would do. We were doing it in pre-
cisely the way they desired we should do it,
only we were adding to the contract that we
had made the generosity of a great nation, in
expending more by millions than we had
promised to do.
The honorable Senator from Indiana says
we engaged to build and complete these roads ;
and with his usual adroitness, instead of look-
ing at the engagement to see what we engaged
to do, he says in answerto myquestion, " why,
from the very nature of the case, we engaged to
do it." Why, from the very nature of the case,
did we not engage to do it for New England ?
Although these States were admitted, they were
not the only States in the Union. Although
they were entitled to consideration, they were
not the only people who bore the brunt of
war and of taxation ; quite the reverse. I
should not say " quite the reverse''; they bore
their share I have no doubt; but the eastern
States who bore the large brunt of war and of
taxation were entitled to consideration in all
national objects, were they not? And if, there-
fore, from the nature of the case, there was a
compact to expend money in Ohio, why, from
the nature of the case, was there not a compact
to expend money in Connecticut? Are yon
to give to one and deny to another when you are
setting up compacts and duties from the nature
ofthe case? Looking at it in a national point
of view, the nature of the case extends every-
where, and we are bound, according to the
circumstances of the case, to protect all parts
of the Union and develop all parts of the
Union alike. You cannot otherwise have a
real Union.
So thon, Mr. President, we must dismiss
the notion that my honorable friend has (and
he sees the necessity of it because, without
that notion his ease is gone) that we under-
took to do in respect to this two per cent,
anything other than what the statute said; and
we as to these States have done it, and have
done it, as I say, tenfold over the agreement
that we made. But he says he does not put
it on the violation of a compact; he puts it
upon justice; that is to say, that justice requires
us to take from the Treasury half a million
dollarsand give it to the State of Indiana. Why?
Because, as he says, we have not built a na-
tional road in the State of Indiana that national
interests required us to build. I can with the
same justice say that you shall take a million
dollars from the Treasury of this nation and
pay it to the State of Vermont because you
have not paid her, as I can demonstrate—I am
not going to do it now; I am on the assertion,
so far as that goes—because you have not paid
to the State of Vermont the million dollars
that it can be demonstrated she suffered and
expended above her share in the war of 1812.
Wherefore, therefore, should we give to Indi-
ana because we have failed in some national
duty to her, which exists in the imagination
of my honorable friend, when nobody expects
that many of the States of New England,
including my own, are to be made good for
definite and distinct failures on the part of the
Government, to reimburse them for expend-
itures that they have made for the common
defense and for the general welfare.
Mr. President, justice, putting it upon these
broad grounds, cannot be narrow; it must be
universal. If you go into a general settle-
ment of the rights of all these States to equal-
ize public benefits and public burdens, then I
can ask many a western State to give up some
measure of the gain it has made from the pub-
lic grants within its domains, and advantages
that it has received, to some of us in the East,
and to take from its treasury by the taxa-
tion of its people some of their hard earnings
to pay to the States lying somewhere upon the
Atlantic, and somewhere upon the border,
who have expended more than their just pro-
portion in defending the rights and the welfare
of this nation.
Mr. President, if you are to put this upon
such broad-grounds as that, if you are to leave
the law and the compact and go into the gen-
eral ethics of politics, let us strike a general
balance as to what the rights of the various
States in the Union are upon the common
Treasury. I shall be glad to go into an ac-
counting of that kind at any time. I shall be
glad to get something of the magnificent land
grants to many of these western States. I
shall be glad to have the products of the West
aid to make up the disbursements of the east-
ern States in times of peril that have never
been repaid.
But, sir, we know perfectly well as reasona-
ble men that we cannot legislate upon such
principles. We know that if by the law or by
the compact of Congress there is anything
due to these States we will gladly pay it. We
also know that if by the law and by the com-
pact there is nothing due they have no right
to ask it, and it is our bounden duty to them
and to our constituents to say firmly, no.
But it is said that the Mississippi account
furnished a ground which, whether right or
wrong, entitled them by act of Congress to be
paid. Why? Because the act of Congress
declared that there should be an account
stated between the United States, and the
other States upon the same principles-; and
my honorable friends argue for their purpose
that stating an account means to state only
one side of it. That-would be a good way in
a justice's court, provided you had the justice
