1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
42b Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Eldredge.
Ho. of Reps.
with his face to the horse's tail holding the
tail in his hand, have the letter K. burned into
his forehead, be tied to the cart's tail, whipped,
and fined, and imprisoned for life. And all
this may be done to an American citizen whose
rights, liberties, and life are secured in and by
a written Constitution and by a body of men
who have no powers but such as are granted
to them by that same Constitution.
But, Mr. Speaker, I insist that no precedent
of the Lords or Commons of England can be
found to sustain the report of the committee.
None have been cited, and it is believed none
exist. No expulsion by either body can be
found to sustain it. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] referred the House to two
cases wherein he claims that the power of ex-
pulsion for a crime committed prior to the
Parliament to which the persons were elected
was exercised. Except in the remarks of those
who spoke on the subject, there is nothing in
either case to sustain that view. Both were
convicted felons and the records of their con-
victions were certified to the House. They
were, it is true, convicted during the Parlia-
ment of a crime committed anterior thereto,
and they were expelled or their seats declared
vacant and new writs issued for the election
of their successors.
But it must be observed, a fact not before
alluded to in the debate, that there is a differ-
ence in the qualifications of members of the
House of Commons and this House of Repre-
sentatives as provided for by the constitution
and laws of Great Britain and the Constitution
of the United States. The only qualifications
required for membership of this House are that
the member must be twenty-five years of age
and have been a citizen of the United States
seven years and a resident of the State in
which he is elected. These are all, and no
others can be attached either by the law of
Congress or by any action of this House.
Without an amendment to the Constitution, no
other qualification can be added. There is no
law, no provision of the Constitution providing
that no man who has committed crime, whether
it be murder, arson, or theft, shall be eligi-
ble to the office ; no provision that he shall
be of one or the other political parties, that he
shall be of one or no denominational religious
belief. It requires manhood, age, citizenship,
and residence only.
There is no provision that he shall by his
presence, his membership, make the House
more honorable or less dishonorable; none
that he shall purify it or sanctify it; none that
he shall possess a character that shall elevate
the general character of the House ; none that
he shall not contaminate, or even by his char-
acter not lessen, the general moral character
or the estimate in which it is held by the peo-
ple. Any one or all of these superadded
would not only be in violation of the Constitu-
tion, but would most certainly be destructive
of our representative system.
Will the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shellabarger,] who seems to have come
to the conclusion with some hesitation and
reluctance that the House may purge itself of
dishonorable members by expulsion, inform
us why, if this power was intended to be con-
ferred, the Constitution did not provide that
any person who had ever been guilty of crime
or dishonorable conduct, orconduct calculated
to bring reproach upon the body, should be
incapable of holding the office or sitting as
one of its members; why these were not added
to age, residence, and citizenship as necessary
qualifications? If it had been thought wise or
desirable to subject the general or particular
character of individual members to the judg-
ment or control of the body it was easy to
have made such provision.
And, sir, here it is wherein the law of Eng-
land differs from ours. To be eligible to the
House of Commons, to be able to hold a seat
in that body, the aspirant must be qualified
according to their laws. He must at his elec-
tion and while he remains a member be of the
character and in the condition prescribed.
"Insolvency"—that he should have become
insolvent while holding his seat—was cause
for the issuing of a writ for the election of his
successor. This was because a property qual-
ification was attached, and insolvency was dis-
qualification. Conviction of treason is dis-
qualification of a person for a seat in the
House of Commons. May's Parliamentary
Practice, page 38, states the law as follows:
"A person attainted of treason and felony being
oonvieted under the law is disqualified."
But it is only from conviction that the dis-
qualification results. This was resolved by the
Commons in the time of Elizabeth.
"On the 21st of January, 1580"—
I read from the first Commons Journal—
"a motion was made to know the mind of the
House touching the burgess of the House standing
iadioted of felony, whether he ought in that oase to
remain a member or be removed. It was adjudged
he ought to remain still of this House unless he were
convioted."
The then Lord Chancellor and the Speaker
concurred. Since that day I can find no case
decided to the contrary in England.
It is not, then, the character of the member,
it is not the suspicion of wrongdoing, it is not
the indictment for the crime, it is not the ver-
dict of the jury, nor yet the judgment thereon,
if a writ of error be pending; but it is, under
British law, the final judgment, the absolute
and final adjudication, that disqualifies him to
hold the seat. And the reason it seems to me
is manifest. He is then attainted of felony.
He stands before the law a convict. He is in
the law no longer a living man; he is con-
sidered as absolutely dead. He is incapable
of acting or doing anything. He can no longer
contract or be contracted with. He can no
more act as a legislator than if he had died
a natural death. Why should not a new writ
of election be issued and the place made
vacant by the legal death be filled?
But this is not done for the purpose of puri-
fying the House; not because his presence
might contaminate some member of easy vir-
tue—not because, as the committee say, "his
presence tends to bring the body into con-
tempt and disgrace."* It is not the exercise
of the power of " purgation and purification "
for the "public safety," or for the protection
of the "character of the House." It is the,
filling of the place made vacant by tho civil
death of the incumbent; it is filling the vacancy
provided for by the law of the realm.
I submit therefore, Mr. Speaker, that there
is no law, constitutional or otherwise, for ex-
pelling a member of this House for acts com-
mitted before he was a member. There is not
a single precident to sustain it in all our pre-
vious practice or history; and if we could fol-
low under our system the example of the
British House of Lords or Commons, we can
find no case since 1580 that would support
such a doctrine there.
But if cases in England could be found exactly
in point, if she did exercise this power of ex-
pulsion for the purpose of purifying and of
elevating the character of her parliamentary
bodies, 1 should still contend that it furnished
no excuse or warrant for us. The two sys-
tems of government are entirely at variance.
Our Constitution was devised to protect our
people against just such evils, wrongs, and
abuse.i of power as had been discoverd as hav-
ing grown up in her systerm. There were
none perhaps more conspicuous than the juris-
diction she assumed to punish for breach of
the privilege of the Houses of Parliament. In
her system all governmental power came down
from the crown to the people; the fundamental
idea of ours was that all the powers of Gov-
ment were conferred by the people and sill
not so conferred remained with the people
themselves.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] and others perhaps find the power to
expel these gentlemen in the right of self-pres-
ervation. I concede the right of self-preser-
vation. It inheres by nature in every human
being and should belong to every rightfully
organized body. It was for the purpose of
self-preservation, as I have already remarked,
that the power was conferred to "punish the
members " of this House " for disorderly con-
duct, and, with the concurrence of two thirds,
expel a member.'' This is a necessary power,
but in my judgment only to be used for the
purpose of self-preservation—not for the pur-
pose of purification or for changing the char-
acter of the House. It does not confer upon
the House the right to sit in judgment as a
sort of court of appeals from the decision of
the people at the ballot-box. It is not to be
used as it maj; he if discretion of the House
is the only limitation to dictate to the people
whom they shall elect as their Representatives.
What has the past character of the indii
vidual to do with his behavior in this House?
How does a wrong or crime committed by
these men five years ago become disorderly
conduct in this Congress, which had no exist-
ence till about two years ago. What has the
right of self-preservation to do with the case
we are'considering ? To expel them now can
have no relation to the order, business, or life
of this House. It is a punishment not for dis-
orderly conduct, not for anything that dis-
turbs the business, order, or propriety of this
House of this Congress. The right of self-
preservation is a shield and not a sword. It
is for protection and not destruction. It is to
preserve to the people free representative
legislation and protect their Representatives
in the performance of duty. It is not a des-
potic power, to be used to overthrow our sys-
tem and deprive the people of their choice of
Representatives. It can only be used subject
to the restrictions and limitations imbedded
in our form against the exercise of tyrannical
or despotic power.
Our Government is intended to be symmet-
rical and harmonious, and no department, on
the pretense of self-preservation or any other
pretense, can violate the great principles upon
which the system is founded, or destroy the
liberty it was designed to preserve. To do
this would be self-destruction and not self-
preservation. And the right to destroy him-
self does not inhere in man, nor any more the
right to destroy itself in this House of Repre-
sentatives, and this whether by change of
its essential character or dissolution of the
body itself.
The committee tell us that the power to
expel is "a high prerogative power to be exer-
cised in the sound discretion of the body."
And "that it was not to be apprehended that
two thirds of the Representatives of the people
would ever exercise this power in a capricious
or arbitrary manner, or trifle with or trample
upon constitutional rights."
If the committee had given closer attention to
the practice of the Lords and Commons of Eng-
land, with whose powers the venerable chair-
man asserts the powers of this House are coex-
tensive, they would have seen that for many
years they in either House have not assumed to
expel a member without a previous law or order
of the House declaring the fact or crime to be
cause for the same. It is not there left to the
body at the time to declare the cause and en-
force the penalty. The law is made declaring
what shall constitute the offense before the
offense is committed, and the offender knows
when he violates the law the penalty he incurs.
Under this doctrine of discretionary power
