1490
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
in your pocket, as the saying is. I have heard
of it sometimes that the defendant's account
was ruled out; that the plaintiff had sued for
his claim, and if the defendant bad any claim
he had better sue, too, and that the idea of
stating an account which should have more
than one side to it ought not to be entertained
in any reasonable court of justice, particularly
as I have said, where the plaintiff employed
the magistrate. That may do in some States;
I do not think it will do in any myself. Now,
my friend from Indiana, and he sees the joke
of the thing 
Mr. MORTON. Precisely; I see it is a
joke. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is. It is the profound-
est joke, I think, that ever was perpetrated
upon the Senate of the United States. [Laugh-
ter.} Congress commands the accounting
officers of the proper Department to state
an account between two parties, and the Sen-
ator says, "You must only look to the receipts
of sales of lands; you must not look any
further; you must take the land for money in
the first place, and then put the money in our
pocket, and you must not look to the other
side;" and that is stating an account between
two parties! Why, Mr. President, if it was
not so very serious in this over-taxed com-
munity, as I have said, the audacity of the
thing is its greatest possible merit. What was
to be stated between Mississippi and the Uni-
ted States ? There was to be stated between
Mississippi and the United States, in the first
place, the three per cent, that was to be paid
over to her, that Congress had renounced, to
be expended by herself.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasecond. There was
to be stated the two per cent. Congress had
engaged to dispose of in roads leading  ,o that
State, and for the purpose of stating those
accounts there should be taken into account the
unsold Indian reservations as money. What
else was that compact referred to in the very
act? That there was to be taken out of this
two per cent, as one of the very elements of
stating such an account, that much of it had
been expended for the purpose the compact
required. So says the honorable Assistant
Secretary of the Interior, a distinguished citi-
zen of Indiana, under his sworn duty as an
officer of the Government, in deciding this
very question between these States, his own
included, and Congress. He failed to remem-
ber that an account to be stated only means
one side of it, and goes on to state the accounts
which i have here before me, showing that in
respect to every item of this claim to this two
per cent, fund, Congress has done with it pre-
cisely and by name at the time it appropriated
the money what the compact required it should
do ; and yet these States turn around and say
they are wronged because we do not give them
in money over again the very cash that we
have expended according to the compact.
Mr. President, I do not feel justified in this
stage of the session in taking up the time of
intelligent Senators, careful of public inter-
ests, careful of public honors, careful of pub-
lic faith, careful of justice to these States and
of justice to the rest of the States, in discuss-
ing in more minute detail a proposition that
seems to me to be so bald as this is.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Vermont characterizes this claim as
audacious, and attributes to those who advo-
cate it audacity, and that in a very high de-
gree. I think if there is any audacity here 
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Ohio would give way for a moment.
Mr. THURMAN. I am a thousand times
obliged to the Senator for interrupting me in
the middle of a sentence.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, perhaps it is all
the better, for it will give the Senator more
time to reflect upon the rest of it. [Laugh-
ter.] If the Senator will allow me, I should
like to make a motion to go into executive
session.
Mr. THURMAN. I will presently, but I
should like to finish a sentence when I have
begun it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio declines to yield.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe the Senator has
yielded to enable me to make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Has not the Senator
yielded to my motion ?
Mr. THURMAN. What does the Senator
wish?
Mr. CAMERON. To make a motion to
go into executive session.
Mr. THURMAN. I will give way in a few
moments; but before I do that, I wish that
there may be consent that I may enter the
motion I made this morning to discharge the
committee from the further consideration of
the House bill. Is there objection to that
now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
the motion being entered. I will not make
any point upon it, although I could do so; but
I am getting gracious.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks leave to enter a motion
to discharge the Committee on the Judiciary
from the further consideration of the House
bill on this subject.
Mr. THURMAN. By unanimous consent
that motion can be made, and I wish to enter
it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will go over till to-
morrow for action.
executive session.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I move to go into
executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very much obliged
to tho Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty minutes spent iu exec-
utive session, the doors were reopened, and (at
five o'clock p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 19, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J. P.
Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
jonathan diehl and george blymyer.
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, for consideration at this
time, a bill for the relief of Jonathan Diehl
and George Blymyer, sureties on the bond
of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor for carry-
ing the United States mails on post route
No. 4249.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read;
after which objection to its present considera-
tion will be in order.
The bill, which was read, provides that
Jonathan Diehl and George Blymyer, of Bed-
ford, Pennsylvania, sureties on the bond of
Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor for carrying
the mails of the United States on post route
No. 4249, shall be released from liability on
said bond; and that the Postmaster General
shall be authorized and directed to cancel the
same.
Mr. KERR. Does this come from any com-
mittee?
Mr. HILL. It is the unanimous report of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 4002) was received, read three times, and
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask permis-
sion of the House to have printed the report
of the Committee on Appropriations on the
amendments of the Senate to • the bill of the
House No. 2991, making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman tell
us when it is designed by the committee to
bring that bill and amendments before the
House for action ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Just as soon
as we can get the report printed.
Mr. RANDALL. That hardly answers my
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, we are
making up the report of the committee's
action, and will have it ready for the Printer
in an hour probably.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken fromthe Speaker's table the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 3351,
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and that the
bill and amendments be printed, the amend-
ments to be numbered.
No objection wss made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
phineas banning and benjamin d. wilson.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for
consideration at this time, Senate bill No.
1310, to restore certain property to Phineas
Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson. It has
the unanimous approval of the Committee on
Military Affairs of this House, and is recom-
mended by the Secretary of War.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read ;
after which objections to its present considera-
tion will be in order.
The preamble of the bill states that Phineas
Banning conveyed to the United States of
America, by deeds dated October 31, 1863,
and February 28, 1860, certain lands iu the
town of Wilmington, or New San Pedro, in the
county of Los Angeles, State of California, and
said Phineas Banning and Benjamin D. Wil-
son conveyed to the United States, by deed
dated February 12, 1864, certain other lands
in said town, for the sole and only consider-
ation of one dollar; and that said premises
are not devoted or at all necessary to any
public use.
The bill therefore provides, in the first sec-
tion, that there shall be reconveyed and quit-
claimed to Phineas Banning those three cer-
tain pieces of land situate in the town of
Wilmington, county of Los Angeles, State of
California, heretofore donated by the said
Phineas Banning to the United States of
America, two of said pieces on the 31st day of
October, 1863, by deed of that date, recorded
in_ book six of deeds, page 280, records of
said Los Angeles county, and the third of said
pieces on the 28th day of February, 1805, by
deed of that date, recorded in book seven of
deeds, page 122, records of said Los Angeles
county.
The second section provides that there shall
be reconveyed and quit-claimed to Phineas
Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson, as tenants
in common, that certain piece of land situate
in the town of Wilmington, county of Los An-
geles, State of California, donated by the said
Phineas Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson to •
the United States of America on the 12th day
