190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Eldredge.
42d Cong....3d
both the law and the penalty are declared
when the offense is punished—neither are
known till the judgment of the House is an-
nounced. This doctrine i3 so violative of all
the fundamental principles of our constitution
of government, and so hostile and dangerous
to the liberties of the people, that I very
seriously doubt the propriety or power to act
under that provision to punish or expel with-
out appropriate legislation to carry it into
execution.
In support of this position I will ask the
Clerk to read the passage I have marked from
Jefferson's Manual, where the propriety of
legislation is at least recommended.
The Clerk read as follows:
" But if one branch may assume its own priv-
ileges without control, if it may do it on the spur of
tho occasion, conceal the law in its own breast, and
after thefact committed, makeits sentence both the
law and the judgment on that fact; if the offense is
to be kept undefined, and to be declared only ex re
natrt, and according to the passions of the moment,
and there be no limitation either in the manner or
measure of the punishment, the condition of the
citizen will be perilous indeed. "Which of these
doctrines is to prevail, time will decide. Where
there is nt> fixed law, the judgment ou any particu-
lar case is the law of that single case only, and dios
with it. When a new and even similar case arises th e
judgment which is to make, and at the same time
apply the law, is open to question and consideration,
as are all new laws. Perhaps Congress, in the mean
time, in their care for the safety of the citizen, as
well as that for their own protection, may declare
by law what is necessary and proper to enable them
to carry into execution the powers vested in them,
and thereby hang up a rule for the inspection of all,
which may direct the conduct of the citizen, and at
the same time test, the judgments they shall them-
selves pronounce in their own case."
Mr. ELDREDGE. No one, it seems to
me, can doubt the propriety and importance
of legislation carefully defining the causes and
wisely adapting the punishment which may be
inflicted under this provision of the Constitu-
tion. Without it the action of the House is
ex post facto, and its decision against a mem-
ber, if not a bill of attainder, is in the nature
of a bill of pains and penalties, all of which
are prohibited, wisely prohibited, by the Con-
stitution itself. Once launched upon this sea
of discretion there is no limit upon our action.
Our jurisdiction is as boundless as the ocean
and our judgments as treacherous and uncer-
tain as its waves. They will necessarily be the
wild utterances of passion, varient and capri-
cious as the unrestrained emotions of the
human heart. They will express not the calin
deliberation of judicial mind, but will be con-
trolled by the seeming necessities of the hour
as echoed from the howl of a mob.
Mr. Speaker, iny experience in Congress
has not impressed me with the judicial fair-
ness and justice of its action in times of ex-
citement and trial. This body is not, in my
judgment, a safe depository of the tremendous
powers embraced in its absolute discretion.
When party spirit is aroused, when the pas-
sions are excited, and one heart sets fire to
another the two-thirds majority will be easily
secured. Iu times of greatest excitement and
greatest danger it will be most readily ob-
tained. I remember the time when the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] was
before the House of Representatives in days
gone by when party spirit ran higher than
now, when his seat was contested, and when
he had a clear majority over the contestant.
The case had undergone a long investigation,
and the Committee of Elections, a majority
of whom were not of his party, had decided
in his favor and entered the decision on their
journal. There was a necessity in the judg-
ment of the then veteran leader of the House
for a two-thirds majority on his side. In a
speech of great significance he proclaimed the
fact on the floor, and at the next meeting the
committee reversed its decision, changed the
record, and the gentleman was unseated, and
the seat given to a Republican. The magic
words from Thaddeus Stevens, "We need
another vote," were sufficient to overcome all
opposition and accomplish the result.
This is not the first time the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] has stood before the
House of Representatives contending for his
seat—dependent upon its justice, integrity,
and fairness for its retention. But party neces-
sity and party passion overriding in its discre-
tion all law and all justice, turned him out
and gave the seat to his opponent amid the
plaudits of an approving party, though Brooks's
party was in a majority of six or seven thou-
sand in the district. For one I have no con-
fidence in unrestrained discretion as a limit
of power. Discretion ! Discretion is license
when party exigencies and party necessities
invoke^ its aid. Discretion in the hands of
party is the most infernal and oppressive
tyranny. The rights of the people aud their
liberties can never be safe in the hands of any
man or any body of men unrestrained by law.
The minority party has no safety in the un-
bounded discretion of the majority.
Mr. Speaker, I rest my judgmentand decision
in this case upon the want of jurisdiction. I
cannot bring my mind to believe that this
House has any power under our Constitution
to expel a member for any act done before this
Congress had an existence. If it can there is
no limit either as to time or cause. If it can
we may expel for an act done in earliest child-
hood. If we can we may expel for a hair-lip
or cross eye. If we can go the length the
committee contend for, there is nothing in
the range of human conjecture, nothing the
wildest imagination can suggest, but may
become a cause of expulsion. The doctrine
of the committee carried to its legitimate and
logical results would absolutely destroy all
local representation and all local self-govern-
ment. Two thirds conspiring together in this
House could become the most despotic and
tyrannical power on earth. I here and now
enter my most solemn protest against this
assumption of power, thisunlimited jurisdiction
for expulsion.
But; Mr. Speaker, I cannot agree with the
committee in their finding of the facts and in
their judgment with regard to the several
persons who have dealt in Credit Mobilier
stock. I am not satisfied from the evidence
that any of the gentlemen said to be inculpated
were guilty of any intention to bribe or be
bribed. I do not believe that a man can be
guilty of bribery and nobody be bribed, or
that any man can be guilty of being bribed
without some one to bribe him. The com-
mittee find that none of the men with whom
Oakes Ames had dealings, none of the men to
whom-he sold stock, were bribed. They say
distinctly:
"The committee find nothing in the conduct or
motives of either of these members in taking this
stock that calls for any recommendation by the com-
mittee of the House."
So far as Mr. Brooks is concerned it is not
pretended that ho had any transaction what-
ever with Ames. Ames could not, therefore,
have bribed him. It does not appear thatany
one sought to have Brooks take this stock.
On the contrary, Durant and Dillon, through
whom the hundred and fifty shares were
procured, reluctantly consented to his having
them at all. No wrong action or motive is
attributed to them by the committee. Who,
then, bribed Mr. Brooks? Or would the com-
mittee have this House find that he bribed
himself? There is no evidence that any one de-
sired to place the stock in the hands of Brooks
or his son-in-law, Neilson. Nothing was asked
of him, nothing required, and nothing prom-
isedbyhim. What, then, was he bribed to do?
There is no pretense that he ever did anything
in consequence of receiving the stock, or that
he left anything undone which his official duty
required him to do.
Judged by the rules and principles of la*
and evidence applied by the committee to the
case of the other gentlemen referred to in their
report, Brooks would stand asguiltless as they.
And further, to find him guilty, we must find at
least five witnesses in the case committed per-
jury; we must ignore the fact that the hun-
dred shares of stock were procured by him
when he was not a member of Congress or a
Government director of the Union Pacific rail-
road ; we must find, as the committee do, that
he had 110 claim for the right of purchase of
the stock at the time he received the hundred
shares; we must find this against the testimony
of Durant, who swore he gave him the privilege
of purchase in settlement for a demand or
claim of a much larger amount, and that
Brooks received it as a compromise for ser-
vices rendered when he was in no official posi-
tion. Again, we must find that the fifty shares
were not an incident to the hundred, that he
had no claim on that account, and this* too,
against the testimony of Dillon, who swears
he did at the time understand that the right to
the fifty shares was incident to the hundred,
and that he does so now understand it.
We must find also, against the oath of
Brooks and Neilson, that the transfer of Neil-
son was a cover and a sham, and this, too, in
the face of the oath of both Neilson and Dil-
lon that Neilson borrowed the money of Dillon
to pay for the stock, and that the money had
been since paid by Neilson. No one, it seems
to me, can help observing that while the most
charitable construction is put upon every fact
and circumstance surrounding the other incul-
pated gentlemen, the darkest coloring is given
to all the facts, and the most violent presump-
tions indulged in by the committee toward
Mr. Brooks.
Mr. Speaker, if I did not most solemnly
entertain the opinion 1 have endeavored to
express, that this House has no jurisdiction to
deal with, punish, expel, or censure a member
for acts committed long anterior to this Con-
gress, I still could never consent by my vote
to make the two men whom the committee
recommend for expulsion the " seapegoats "
or "pack horses" for all the sins of this or
any other Congress, or to offer them up as an
atonement for this monster, '• the Credit Mo-
bilier of America." The moral quality of the
acts of those who have had to do with that
stock must be determined by the character of
the corporation itself. All, in my judgment,
depends upon the inherent moral quality of
that organization. If it be wrong in and of
itself; if, as has been said in this debate, "it
was conceived in sin and brought forth in
iniquity;" if every part of it is tainted and
stained with fraud and dishonesty, then every
hand that has touched it is soiled, and the
stain upon each is the samo. And I would
like to know of this learned committee why
it is that they have passed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who is an
original owner of seven hundred and fifty
shares, who has been in Congress all the time
since such ownership, without one word of
comment? Mr. Ames in his testimony, at
page 39 of the report, says:
" I induced Samuel Hooper, a member of the
House, and Senator Grimes, and a great many out
of Congress, to become interested."
Tho committee did not even ask him how he
induced Mr. Hooper. But I would like to
know what worse it was for Mr. Brooks to buy
stock than for Mr. Hooper to subscribe for
it? If the Credit Mobilier was the "scheme"
referred to in closing the report upon Mr.
Brooks " whereby the Government was to be
defrauded," was not Mr. Hooper as deeply in
it with his seven hundred and fifty shares as
Mr. Brooks with his one hundred and fifty?
Was not the former as likely to be influenced
in his votes and official conduct as the latter ?
