1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Equalization of Bounties—Mr. Dunnell,
Ho. of Reps.
It is perhaps well for the committee that
Mr. Hooper was so gently passed, for the
committee's plea of want of knowledge would
hardly have answered in his case. Mr. Brooks
"joined himself with the promoters of a
scheme," the committee say. I would like
them to inform the House wherein Brooks is
worse than Hooper. Brooks joined the pro-
moters, and Hooper was one of the promoters.
Not less inconsistent is the defense which
the committee put in on behalf of the others
who purchased stock of Ames—want of know-
ledge of what they were doing. Think of such a
plea being interposed on behalf of the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Bingham,]
one of the oldest members of this House, and
one of the ablest lawyers besides; on behalf of
the chairman of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Dawes,] now called the Father of the House;
on behalf of the chairman of Appropriations,
[Mr. Garfield;] on behalf of Mr. Kellby,
chairman of another important committee, all
able lawyers and shrewd business men. '' Had
it appeared that these gentlemen were aware
of the enormous dividends upon the stock and
how they were to be earned," the committee
say, "we could not thus acquit them." Who
authorized the committee to put in that plea
for those gentlemen ? There is not, in my
judgment, one of them that would not scorn to
do it for himself. I have too much respect for
them to believe that they did not know pre-
cisely what, they were doing at the time they
received this stock from Oakes Ames.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
says distinctly in his testimony that he in-
quired about it and expected that it would
yield large profits; that he was glad he had
purchased it, and that he wished he had more
of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that I said no such thing as that I wish
I had more of it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am perhaps mistaken
in that; but he certainly said that he had in-
quired about it and expected large profits from
it; he did not plead ignorance or the baby act.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not do any such thing.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I said you did not. The
committee put in that plea, and yet they say in
their report they all knew from him (Ames) or
otherwise that the Credit Mobilier was a con-
tracting company to build the Union Pacific
road, but it does not appear that any of them
knew that the profits and dividends were to be
in stock and bonds of that company. The
committee further say:
" But the committee believe that they must have
felt that there was something so out of the ordinary
course of business in the extraordinary dividends
they were reeoving as to render the investment itself
suspicious, and this was one of the motives of their
action."
If these statements are true, upon what in
the name of common sense can it be said
they did not understand all about it? It is
absurd to allege that they did not know, when
in some cases not one cent was paid, 'and the
dividends paid for the original purchase and
left them $329 besides. They_ did, they must
have known all about it, and it comes to this
at last: either it was right and proper to deal
in Credit Mobilier stock or it was wrong, and
all who dealt in it, whether as subscribers to
its capital stock or purchasers, are and ought
to be alike justified or condemned.
And, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, let me
remark, the facts and circumstances are before
the country and the world, and all of us can
judge, each can judge for himself, of the moral
quality of the transaction. I have no hesita-
tion as to my duty and the votes I ought to cast.
I have endeavored to consider the case judi-
cially and fairly. I have been influenced by
no passion, and yielded to no clamor from with-
out. If I have erred in my judgment I feel
that I hav£ erred on the safe side. The main-
tenance and preservation of our representative
system in all its vigor and perfection is the only
safety for republican liberty. The right of the
people in the several congressional districts to
freely choose the men they wish to represent
them, subject only to the qualifications required
by the Constitution, uninfluenced and uncon-
trolled by any other section of the country, is
a right that cannot be surrendered or taken
away without destroying the system itself.
Better far that bad men even should sit in
Congress sometimes than that Congress should
have the power to dictate to the people who
they should elect. Two thirds of the House
can resist and defeat the bad measures of bad
men as easily as to expel those who do wrong.
Unmasked and exposed, the constituency will
be more likely to do what ought to be done in
each particular case than it is possible for this
House. I therefore have no hesitation in
leaving it with the constituency, where the Con-
stitution leaves it, to determine the character
of the men they will have to represent them.
I rest my faith in the people. Their virtue
and patriotism established and have thus far
maintained the Republic. Their purity,
wisdom, and love will perpetuate it.
Equalization of Bounties.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. DUNNELL,
of minnesota,
In the House op Representatives,
February 21, 1873,
On the bill to provide for the equalization of bounties
to soldiers in the war for the suppression of the
rebellion.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, on the 27th
day of last month I introduced into the House
the following bill:
A bill to provide for the equalization of bounties to
soldiers who served in the war for the suppression
of the rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That all laws heretofore passed El-anting
bounties to soldiers are hereby repealed.
Sec. 2. That every non-commissioned offioerand
private soldier who served ninety days in the Army
of the United States in the late war against the
rebellion, and who was honorably discharged, shall
be paid, from any monoys in the United States Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, as bounty, the sum
of $3 33i per month for the time such soldisr was
in theservice: Provided, That where any such soldier
has received bounty under any of the heretofore
existing laws granting bounties to soldiers in said
war, the amount so received shall be deducted from
theamountgranted by thisact-: And provided further.
That the provisions of this act shall not apply to
officers and soldiers of the regular Army.
Sec. 3. That all applications for bounty, on file be-
fore the passage of this act, shall be considered as
made under the provisions of this act, and shall be
settled and paid in accordance therewith.
This bill provides a bounty of $8 33J a
month to each private and non-commissioned
officer in the late war for the suppression of
therebellion who served for the period of ninety
days. This bounty is to cover the whole service,
so that a soldier serving three years, shall receive
$300, or serving two years, $200. Thcbill
also provides that any bounty already received
shall be deducted from the amount due. It is
not my purpose to ask the attention of the
House at any great length to these provisions.
These are reasons for the repeated appeals
made to Congress to enact them into a law
and for the necessary appropriations to meet
the Amount called for. It is well known and
a part of the history of the late war, that the
soldiers were not treated alike. Some had a
bounty and some had not. I do not deem it
important to make reference to the various
acts of Congress calling out troops or provid-
ing for them. It is sufficient for my purpose
to make the simple statement that the soldiers
of the Federal Army during the late war were
not equally remunerated for their services. It
may be further said and truthfully that they
did not receive equal monthly pay. Those
who first enlisted had no bounty from either
the general, State, or local government.
They enlisted because their .country was in
peril. They hardly knew they were to be paid
at all; nor did they much care. They offered
themselves in advance of any provision for
their pay and before bounties were even
thought of by State or General Government.
There facts account for the wide spread
conviction that we should now, or. at an early
day, equalize the bounties as the most practica-
ble method of reaching a just treatment of the
brave defenders of the country. Our hope
must be in a volunteer army. Our institutions
and our true policy do not admit of a large
standing army. Our regular Army should be
reduced to the lowest possible figures consist-
ent with a. just protection to the frontier por-
tions of the country.
Safety and final victory came to us in the
late civil war through the patriotic volunteer.
Gratitude and duty suggest and admonish an
honest and straightforward settlement with
him. The late soldiers do not so much com-
plain at their regular monthly compensation,
but they do ask such a readjustment of the
account as shall give to all the same bounty.
There is reason for this. No one wonders at
this request. It is our duty, then, to discuss
the fact fully and act accordingly.
It is readily admitted that an equaliza-
tion of bounties should be made, that the late
soldiers ask it, and justly ask it. I have al-
ready stated the reasons for this demand.
The justice of it is not questioned. The only
reply made is that it will take a large amount
of money from the Treasury. This reply is
not a good argument against the passage of a
bill which has for its object the discharge of a
real obligation. An equitable obligation should
be met as readily as a legal one. This is cer-
tainly true, if applied to -our Government
when it is asked to deal justly with its de-
fenders. But for these men in whose behalf I
plead, we would to-day be without a Govern-
ment. We have a large national debt, and yet
we are immensely rich. We have great wealth.
Our Government is stronger and grander than
ever before. Our future as a nation is full
of hope. No Government has more reason to
seek out and do full justice to each and every
man who triumphantly defended and saved it.
Our national credit would be increased rather
than diminished if during the three years to
come, we should pay out to the late soldiers
in installments, the sum of $60,000,000, if
it should take so large a sum. This would
be true if it should take twice this amount.
This money would go back to our own people,
and to those most needing it.
The Government may do much to evince its
gratitude to the soldiers, as it has already done
by the passage of laws in relation.to home-
steads on the public lands and pensions to
invalids, but it cannot meet the precise claim
suggested by the bill under consideration ex-
cept by a law equalizing bounties in money.
This claim can be met in no other way. The
soldier should not and will not accept of any
substitute.
It gave me mueh pleasure to vote for the act
approved June 8, 1872, "to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads
on the public lands of the United States."
Every soldier or sailor, his widow, or orphan
child, should have one hundred and sixty
acres for a home who wishes it for that pur-
pose. Let this amount of the national domain
come to him with as few conditions as possible,
provided it be taken in good faith for a home.
More than $30,000,000 each year are now
paid to meet the pension laws which Congress
has already passed. This large amount we
