1492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. RANDALL. That cuts the knot.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is this: under the ruling of the Chair
the gentleman from Indiana, having now gone
into another subject, to wit, having moved to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the floor belongs to the
chairman of the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana must be submitted to the
House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
63, noes 25.
Mr. BEATTY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Kerr were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 96, noes 27.
So the motion was agreed to
correction of enrolled bill.
The SPEAKER. Before going into com-
mittee the Chair will submit to the House a
resolution from the Senate in regard to correct-
ing an enrolled bill.
The Clerk read the Senate concurrent reso-
lution, as follows:
In the Senate of the United States,
February 18, 1873.
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills-be directed to correct an enrolled bill
of the Senate (S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan &
Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee, by striking out
the word "seizure," near the end of the bill, and
inserting instead the word "seize."
The resolution was concurred in.
jarbl) s. crandall, et al.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution (H.
R. No. 196) granting medals to Captain Jared
S. Crandall and others, comes back from the
Senate with an amendment, correcting a date
by substituting 1872 for 1822. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be concurred in.
There was no objection, and the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
patents and copyrights.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Patents, a
brll (H. R. No. 4004) to amend an act entitled
"An act to revise and consolidate the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights," approved
July 8, 1870; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, recommitted to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. *
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
•The House, pursuant to order, resolved
.itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Tvner in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the Committee
of the Whole rose yesterday the following
paragraph had been read:
For grading and paving the streets and footways
around the Capitol, and running from Pennsylvania
avenue to B streets north and south, to the line of the
east Iront of the Capitol, and for improving the
grounds within that area, $125,000: Provided, That
m the improvements of streets about the Capitol the
Secretary of the Interior shall assess and collect the
cost of ail improvements made in front of all private
property in the same proportion as charged by the
District authorities for similar improvements.
And the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] had moved to amend by adding
to the paragraph the following:
For alteration, extension, and refitting of Hall of
the House of Representatives, for the accommoda-
tion of the increased number of members, and the
better ventilation and lighting thereof, to be ex-
pended under the supervision of the Architect ot
the Capitol Extension, $40,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
do so for the purpose of saying what is net
exactly in harmony with some other things that
have been said, that my experience in this
Hall is most favorable to its character as a
place for the assembling of a deliberative
body. I think any one who sat in the old
Hall and came from that to this will agree
with me that between the two there is certainly
no comparison.
In the first place, as to the acoustic proper-
ties of the Hall, there are no echoes here, no
reverberations. When every one in it except
the speaker is silent, there is no difficulty in
hearing an ordinary voice. We have never
any difficulty in hearing the Chaplain in his
morning service. We had no difficulty in
hearing the long report which was read yes-
terday from the Clerk's desk. We have no
difficulty in hearing the speaker when you can
silence the noise of fifty gentlemen speaking
as now in an ordinary tone of voice. And cer-
tainly I have never experienced any inconven-
ience either from excessive heat or excessive
cold. It never occurs to me whether the room
is light or dark; whether the air is gross or
otherwise. As to these matters I am in a
state of more complete unconsciousness than
in any public building or room I have ever
been in.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a point of order.
It is impossible to hear the gentleman from
X6nfl6SS66
The CHAIRMAN. The committtee will
come to order.
Mr. COX. I hope, as the reporters did not
hear what the gentleman was saying, that he
will say it over again.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think it was my
fault that the reporters did not hear, but, as I
previously remarked, where fifty gentlemen
are talking in an ordinary tone of voice in the
Hall, and when there is talking also in the
galleries, it cannot be expected that one can
be heard. It is not the fault of the Hall. It
is the fault of ourselves, if there be a fault
anywhere.
I was about to observe that I have heard it
proposed to take away the south side of the
Hall, and to open it some forty feet to the
outer wall. That will destroy all the recep-
tion-rooms we now havej the ladies' reception-
room, the Sergeantat-Arms' room, the Speak-
er's room, and the other rooms on that side.
I submit that now we have too limited an
amount of ante-room in connection with the
Hall. There is no place where a gentleman
can retire with a constituent for conversation
or for consultation. You have to talk with
him as you best can in the lobbies about the
building, or go out of doors and see him at a
hotel or elsewhere. By this contemplated
improvement you drive every lady out of the
rooms now set apart for them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do you
think that would be really a disadvantage?
[Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the spirit
in which that question is asked, and I do not
choose to respond to it in the same spirit. I
choose to say that ladies of character and of
honorable purposes have occasion to confer
with members of the House. Our own wives
and daughters desire to consult us occasion-
ally on important domestic matters. I am
unwilling to expel them from this end of the
Capitol and leave them without any place
where they can communicate with us. I trust,
therefore, that the Hall will be left substan-
tially as it is, and that the seats will be so
arranged, bringing the desks closer together,
so as to accommodate not only two hundred
and ninety members, but a very much larger
number than that, bringing them near enough
together for the ordinary purposes of consul-
tation. The old Hall accommodated the same
number of Representatives as this Hall does,
and they performed their duty thoroughly, and
there were great men there in those days.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know what effect the size of the Hall could
have upon the size of the Representatives, but
I want to say that I do not propose to turn the
ladies out of the Capitol by this improvement.
There is now a ladies' reception room at one
end of the ladies' gallery, convenient for them
and affording them opportunities for all their
w£tnts
Mr. MAYNARD. That would have to
go too.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The great
difficulty about this matter is that gentlemen
will talk about what they know nothing about.
That reception-room will not have to go at all.
We have prepared a report on this subject,
accompanied by a plan, but there has been no
chance to bring it before the House. But this
appropriation is necessary ; even if you only
put the seats closer together you need an ap-
propriation. Therefore I say we have to have
an appropriation to do something. What that
something shall be depends upon a plan here-
after to be submitted.
Now, it is said that we want to make this
Hall ever so much larger. Nobody wants to
make it any larger than it now is, but only to
move it nearer to the air and the sun. There
is no reason why the northern wall cannot be
brought forward and the reception rooms put
on that side of the Hall, enlarging the cloak
room so that members can move about them
without being run over by one another.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that this south wall is a tem-
porary wall and not a wall on which the roof
rssts ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It has
nothing to do with the roof.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the northern wall
can be brought forward.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It may
all be arranged in that way after we get the
money to do it with. The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds propose to have
a plan agreed to, but the difficulty is that the
rules of the House do not allow any committee
to report.
message from the senate.
Here the committee rose informally, and Mr.
Archer having taken the chair as Speaker
;pro tempare, a message from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, announced
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the bill (S. No.
245) amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river.
The message further announced that the
Senate had parsed bills of the House of the
following titles with amendments ; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House :
A bill (H. R. No. 8737) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1874 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2873) authorizing the
President to permit Frank M. Ashton, late
second assistant engineer of the United States,
to withdraw his resignation of that office ;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1130) to provide for the
purchase by the Secretary of War of lands for
the United States, in the State of Texas, for
the sites of forts and military posts ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2534) granting a pension
to Cordelia C. Dougherty ;
A bill (H. II. No. 3431) granting a pension
to John Davis, corporal of the night watch on
board the United States ship, Octorard.
A bill (H. R. No. 2525) granting a pension
to Henry liiemann ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of
Elias C. Boudinot.
