192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Equalization of Bounties—Mr. Dunnell.
42d Cong....3d
pay readily, and without complaint. No Gov-
ernment ever acted bo well toward its volun-
teer defenders as has our Government. ' I
claim all this, and yet there remains to be
met this equalization of bounties. A law se-
curing this would round out our legislation
concerning the soldiers, to the great honor
and glory of the nation. It would show that
the Government wanted to be exactly just,
to do just the right thing. The Government
which thus acts toward its subjects will never
lack for defenders. Subjects thus dealt with
will be patriotic. Our institutions must exist
in the hearts and affections of the people.
On the 12th of December last a bill passed
this House giving a certificate for one hundred
and sixty acres of public lands to such honor-
ably discharged soldiers and sailors who served
ninety days in the late war.
That bill I regarded as extremely pernicious.
It was urged by not a few on the ground that
it would answer the demand for an equaliza-
tion of bounties. I voted against the bill
because it would utterly fail to satisfy the
soldiers, because it was against the settlement
of the public lands, and therefore hostile to
the general prosperity of the country, because
jt would wipe out the homestead law with all
its beneficence, and generally, because it was
a cheat. The numbei of ex-soldiers who want
one hundred and sixty acres of land for actual
settlement and occupation is very small. It
is not more than one in a hundred. This land
is now open to this number, either under the
homestead law or the law approved Jun®8,
1872. If the last-named law is not sufficiently
liberal, let it be amended so that every honest
seeker for a farm can have it for occupation
in his own way. Let each one out of the
hundred have the farm if he wants it, but
if the ninety-nine do not want a farm, then
they should not be thought of in connection
with the public domain.
The public lands are for settlement and not
for speculation. They are to be divided up
into one hundred and sixty acre lots forhomes
for. actual settlers, and furnished to such
claimants without money and without price.
The homestead policy we have solemnly
adopted and proclaimed it to the world. Mil-
lions from the Old World have under it found
homes among us. They have added billions
of wealth, to the nation. Heroic men from the
older States of the Union have sought the
lands in the West under this policy.
A grander or wiser policy could not have
been adopted. Any given portion of the
public domain is worthless to the Government
till it be occupied and developed, till it be-
come the home or abode of some actual
worker thereon. The Government can afford
to give away that land to any person who will
enter it for this purpose. That is its present
policy. It is a wise policy, and u humane
one. The poor man in the United States or
elsewhere can properly "thank God for its
adoption. It is an American policy; we can-
not afford to interfere with it. Tens of thou-
sands are this day on their way to our country
to enjoy the benefits of it; they increase our
population and our wealth.
The Holman bill, so called, which passed
this House in December, would turn over
ninety-nine one hundredths of all the arable
lands of the country to those who would hold
them for purposes of sale. Our present policy
is to give them away to actual settlers. What
will the real bona jide actual settlers think of
this change in our policy ? Will they like it?
Will they not be able to put to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] some personal
questions very difficult for him to auswer ? I
think so. It is very unfortunate for the dis-
tinguished gentleman that the bill has taken
to itself his own name. It is very strange
that the unfailing defender of the actual set-
tler should now seek to put so large a portion
of the lands which these settlers want into the
hands of private land speculators.
When tne Holman bill is considered in its
true light and in connection with its inevitable
consequences, its monstrous wickedness is
sickening. Every man who loves to witness
American growth and development will shout
aloud with joy that the Senate discovered its
true character and permitted it to commence
the sleep which I trust will know no waking.
I have said that the bill to which allusion
has been made, was, and ever will-be a cheat.
It is presented as a reward to the soldier. It
purports to be for him, and valuable. This
certificate which it provides will have but a
nominal value. The great mass of these will
in a few weeks after their issue be held by the
worst land monopolists that ever cursed the
country. They will be acquired at such low
rates they can be held for a long time to the
almost infinite injury of the whole country.
The late soldiers do not ask for this bill with
its genoral evil consequences. They do pray
for an adjustment of bounties. Within a few
days there has come to me a letter written by
the Hon. George W. Julian, the late distin-
guished chairman of the House Committee on
the Public Lands. It is remarkably able in
its statement of facts and reasonings. I will
incorporate a portion of it in my remarks:
"The aggregate of soldiers and sailors who served
in the lato war is about 2,688,000. After making a
liboral deduction for those who havo died leaving no
widow or hcira, the requirements of the bill would
still call for at least 400,000,000 aoros. This is a mod-
erate estimate, and will be so regarded on all sidos.
Our publio domain, outside of our Kussian posses-
sions, which are worthless for agrioulturo, aggre-
gates, say, 1,000,000,000 aores. Jfrom this very large de-
duotionsareto be made. Itinoludestholandsgranted
to railroad and other corporations, which have not
yet been patented, amounting to not far from
200,000,000 acres. It inoludos the unpatented swamp
lands, being indefinite millions of acres, which must
yet pass from the jurisdiction of the Gonoral Gov-
ernment under tho aot of 1860. It inoludes the
water-surface of the land States and Territories,
amounting to many millions of aoros, that of Cali-
fornia alone beiug estimated at5,000.000. Itincludes
the amount which must be given under ojustiug laws
to the now States and Territories, and which has
been granted or roserved for other purpos* s, aggre-
gating probiiblyatleastlOO.OOO.OOOaores. Itincludes
the great mountain chains of the continent, and tho
groat alkali stretches of tho interior basin, covering
uo one knows how many millions of acres that can
never bo tilled. It includes the minoral lands of the
Government, which aro disposod of under special
laws, and very large portions of which aro unfit for
cultivation and homesteads. It includes also our
vastlndian territory, and numorous Indian reserva-
tions, oovering in all about 180,000,000 acres, which
for some time to come must bo incumbered by tho
Indian title of occupancy, and can only gradually
bo brought uuder complete national control. If wo
take these qualifying facts into the account, and
make the deductions which they require, it will bo a
very liboral if not an extravagant estimate to put
the entire rosidue of our agricultural public lands
at 400,000.000 acres, the amount voted away by this
bounty bill. Indeed, such an ostimate can only be
possibly justified by including in the term agricul-
tural lands many millions of acres which are fit only
for grazing.
" Here, then, we find Congress making an absolute
gift of tho ontiro publio domain of the country,
which is fit for homesteads, to a particular class of
men, namely, the soldiers and seamen who served
their country ninety days in tho lato war. It is not
given to actual settlers and tillers of the soil who
will transmute their labor into national wealth, and
thus reiinbursethe nation for its liberality. Itis not
given to men who are hungering for homes, or whose
valor and self-sacrifice are to bo rewarded by
making them owners and occupiers of tho soil. It is
not pretended that these soldiers and seamen will
occupy and improve the lands which are to bo given
them. The iriends of land bountios in the recent de-
bate on the question in the House of Representatives
admitted that not one in one hundred will ever settle
on his land if the bill should become a law. No
argument is needed to prove this. Soldiers and
sailors who want homes on the publio lands can have
thom under the homestead law, which has boon at
thoir service at all times; and now, under the act of
last session, the five years' settlement required as a
condition of title, is reduood in the oase of sol-
diers and sailors by tho time of their service in tho
Army and Navy. It is oonceded by the friends of
land bounties that even under this aot, which In very
many oases would reduce the settlement required to
one year, our soldiers do not care to avail themselves
of the chances afforded to get homesteads. The object
is to put money in their pockets through the sale of
their lands. This is the sole and undisguised purpose
of the bill, and its title simply sets forth a falsehood
in claiming to be "a bill to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to aoquire homesteads on the public lands."
That this is a false title and a false pretense I think
no fair-minded friend of the measure will deny,
' 'Hut if a bounty in money is the object, why not
provide it directly, and apportion it according to
servioe? Let me suppose the bill to become a law.
and the exceedingly improbable fact that every sol-
dier would be able to sell his quarter-section for
$200. Would this be justioef Some of our soldiers
enlisted early in the war, and others near its close.
Some received large bounties, and rendered only a
brief servioe, while others received small bounties or
none at all, and yet served during the war, or the
greater portion of it. A law giving bounties should
be based on the principle of equality, which is jus-
tice^ The bounty should be graded in amount by
the time of service and bounties already received,
instead of totally disregarding these facts, and plac-
ing all on preoisely the same footing. This graded
bounty oannot bo given in land, but it can be given
in money, and our soldiers should have it. They
should press their demand for it till it shall be
ranted. No plea of national poverty should be
It is said, I know, that land bounties have been
voted to tho soldiers of all our former wars, and
thatit is but just that this traditional policy should
be carried out as to the soldiers of our latest and
grandest war. The answer to this is that our tradi-
tional polioy has been a misohievous blunder, and
ought not to be further followed. Some seventy-
throe million aoros of lands have been appropriated
in all as military bounties, with very little profit to
our soldiers, and at amost ruinous cost to tne ooun-
try. Of the land warrants issued to the soldiers of
the Mexioan war tho Commissioner of the General
Land Oflico estimates that not to exceed ten per oent.
of them have been used by actual settlers, and that
not ono in five hundred has been located by soldiers
or thoir hoirs; speculators and monopolists having
used them in growing rich by retarding the settle-
ment of tho country, and imposing their exactions
upon tho poor, to whom the publio domain should
have romamed free. It is impossible to compute
tho widespread mischiefs inflicted upon the coun-
try through the agency of these Mexican war land-
warrants, for which thesoldier received a compara-
tive! triflo; but these mischiefs would be a mere
drop in the bucket in comparison with thoso in-
flicted by this bill, should it becomealaw. Our tra-
ditional policy as to land-bounties was, no doubt,
well meant; but the lesson whioh it clearly teache.-,
to-day, and has written down in its tracks, is, not to
repeat that policy, but to shun it. Let the nation
testify its regard for the soldier by a liberal, ample
bounty in money, which is the thing he needs; but
let tho land, which was made to be tilled, be sacredly
dcdioated to the purpose of its creation."
My positions upon the subjects of my remarks
at this time are forcibly sustained by these
extracts. I do not hesitate further to adduce
confirming evidence of the evil character aud
designs of the bounty-land bill. It is not my
meaning that auy member on this floor has had
a wrong motive, but the men from without, too
many of them, have no other motive. Their
motives have been continually wrong. They
are prospective holders of these certificates.
Other statements which I have made will be
confirmed by the letter of the honorable Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, ad-
dressed to the Committee on Public Lands in
the Senate. The portion which I select is as
follows:
" So far as my experience extends it is not our sol-
diers who are pressing this act upon the attention of
Congress, nor is tho pressure being brought in the
interest of the soldiers. My observation leads me
to tho conclusion that such of our soldiers who de-
sire land lor legitimate purposes find most generous
advantages in the existing soldiers and sailors'
homestead aot of Juno 8,1872, and that they are
rapidly availing themselves of the provisions thereof.
I am led to believe that this proposed act has its
origin in the interest of land speculation, which has
assumed this popular disguise with a view to the
overthrow of that wise policy of the Government
which now insists upon actual settlement and culti-
vation as the sine Qua nan of titles to the public
lands.
"I have shown, under another head of this report,
that tho various issues of bounty land warrants are
well-nigh exhausted. I have shown also that tho
current yoar will probably exhaust all tho issues of
agricultural college scrip. Do act these facts nat-
urally suggest the rejection that the speculators
who have enrichthemselves by traffic in this
form of land obligations will speedily be left with no
' stock in trade'unless this act shall become a law ?
Judging from the faets herein recited, I fear that
this act, although designed by its authors to furnish
a bounty to soldiers, will prove to bebut a. prelim-
inary movement, an 'opening-wedge,' in the inter-
ests of speculation, to be speedily followed by a
