1873.
THE CONCESSIONAL "GLOBE.
1493
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
A bill (S. No. 840) for the relief of Anson
Atwood;
A bill (S. No. 1224) for the relief of How-
ard P. Moffat;
A bill (S. No. 465) for the extension of a
patent to Alexandria Douglas, of New York ;
A bill (S. No. 1471) for the relief of Josiah
George Jennings;
A bill (S. No. 1497) fixing the time of hold-
ing the fall term of the United States district
court for the district of Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 1522) for the relief of Edward
P. Torrey and Wm. B. Tilton;
A bill (S. tto. 1524) for the relief of John
L. Pendery, surviving partner of Pendery &
Gamble, attorneys;
A bill (S. No. 1525) for the relief of Grace
33 Peek *
A bill (S. No. 1526) for the relief of Wil-
liam W. Low, now a captain on the active list
in the United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 1539) to remove the political
disabilities of James D. Halyburton, of Vir-
ginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of San An-
tonio, in the State of Texas; and
A bill (8. No. 1310) to restore certain lands
to Phinias Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles, namely:
A bill (H. R. No. 2518) granting a pension
to George W. Swartz ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3702) to declare the true
intent and meaning of the act approved June
8, 1872, amendatory of the general bankrupt
law ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2520) grantiug a pension
to Thomas Lunney;
A bill (H. R. No. 2521) granting a pension
to John Greenwalt;
A bill (H. R. No. 2522) granting a pension
to Judith Dunham;
A bill (H. R. No. 2527) granting a pension
to Deborah Witham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2552) granting a pension
to James McAlfee ;
A bill (H.* R. No. 2864) for the relief of
John W. Mears, administrator of the estate of
Henry B. Mears, deceased, and of William
Moulton, jr.;
A bill (H. R. No. 3514) for the relief of
William Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Mary-
land ;
A bill (H. R. No. 8612) to relieve from dis-
abilities W. R. Boggs, of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 3366) for the relief of
Henry B. Mears;
A bill (H. R. No. 3721) for the relief of the
widow of Alexander P. Crossmann, deceased,
late commander United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of
Joseph Westcott, of Portland, Maine ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3326) for the relief of set-
tlers in the late Sioux Indian reservation in
the State of Minnesota; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3628) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the custom-house
property at Plymouth, North Carolina.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed its session in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and proceeded with the con-
sideration of the miscellaneous appropriation
bill.
The question was upon the following amend-
ment :
For alteration, extension, and refitting of Hall of
the House of Representatives, for the aceommoda-
tian of the increased number of members, and the
better ventilation and lighting thereof, to be ex-
pended under the supervision of the Architect or
the Capitol extension, $40,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to my col-
league [Mr. Butler] that it will allay the ap-
prehensions of gentlemen if he will strike out
of bis amendment the word "extension," for
some may think that that would involve a
change of the Hall.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection, and will modify my amendment
as suggested.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maykard] is
greatly in error when hfe asserts that ordinary
reading at the Clerk's desk, or ordinary speak-
ing by members, can be heard in all parts of
this Hall. I wish he had a little of the expe-
rience of some of us whose Congressional
homesteads are located on the outskirts of this
Hall, and have been for a couple of sessions,
as has been my case. He would then feel that
any change or alteration for the better would
be worth all that it would cost. I can say to
him that it is with the greatest difficulty that
we who sit in the outer rows can hear what is
going on in this Hall on ordinary occasions.
Yesterday afternoon, when the Clerk was
reading the report of the Committee on the
Credit Mobilier Investigation, when the House
was perfectly still, it was with great difficulty
that we could hear it. And when gentlemen
on the opposite side of the House with the
most orotund voices endeavor to address the
Chair we have great difficulty in hearing what
they say. This Hall is, indeed, very badly
arranged in regard to its acoustic properties.
Mr. MAYNARD. Cannot the gentleman
hear the Chaplain in the morning?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. We
can occasionally hear the Chaplain when we
get here in time, but not always even then.
As I was saying, this Hall is badly arranged in
regard to its acoustic properties. The sound
of our voices is lost up in the galleries ; it is
very much like whistling in an empty barn.
The reason we hear the Chaplain in the morn-
ing is that the front seats are to a great extent
unoccupied, and there is so much quiet in the
House. I therefore think it would be a matter
of great importance for us to adopt this amend-
ment.
We will have, in the next House, some two
hundred and ninety-two members and ten
Delegates. With that number in the House,
and with the hum attendant upon their pres-
ence, it will be absolutely impossible for
members on the outside rows of desks to hear
what is going on. And I would to-day give a
valuable consideration to any gentleman who
would change seats with me who has a seat
within three ranges of. the Clerk's desk. One
half of the discussion is lost to us here un-
less we pay the strictest attention. I therefore
hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be adopted.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment as modified ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 44, noes 36; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having voted,
the Chair will appoint as tellers the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler,] and the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hib-
BARD. ]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire not to insist upon
a further count, but to let the amendment be
adopted, and we can have a vote upon it in
the House.
Mr. HIBBARD. I decline to withdraw my
call for a further count.
The committee again" divided; and the
tellers reported that there were—ayes 81,
noes 41.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to fur-
ther amend the paragraph by adding the words
"this appropriation to be available from and
after the passage of this act." I move "that
amendment so that the Architect of the Capitol
may have the summer months in which to do
the work.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For repairs to buildings, improvements to heat-
ing apparatus, and walks, and for grading and in-
closing square on Maryland avenue opposite the
Botanical Garden, bounded by Second, Third, and
B streets, and for erecting thereon houses for stor-
ing pots, soil, &e., $6,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend the paragraph just read by striking out
the words "and so forth," and inserting in
lieu the words " coal and plants;" so that it
will read "for storing pots, soil, coal, and
plants."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For extending the triangulation of the Coast Sur-
vey, so asto form a geodetic connection between the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the United States,
and assisting in the State surveys, including com-
pensation of civilians engaged in thework, 5536,000.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move to strike
out the paragraph just read, and I want to say
one word upon that motion if anybody will
listen to me.
I have moved to strike out this provision
"for extending the triangulation of the Coast
Survey," because I am wholly unable to see
that there is any particular use for this work,
or that there will be any end to it. The year
before last we commenced this work with an
appropriation of $15,000. Last year $30,000
was asked for continuing the work, and we
gave $36,000. Now it is proposed to appro-
priate again $36,000; and 1 have no question
that for the next fifty years from thirty to
fifty thousand or one hundred thousand dollars
will be demanded annually for a triangulation
of this country between the Atlantic and the
Pacific. Up to this time the only result ac-
complished by this work, so far as I have been
advised, is the ascertainment of the fact that
Columbus, Ohio, is two or three miles away
from where it was supposed to be! Well,
what if it is? [Laughter.] I do not see that
we have suffered any particular harm from our
misapprehension on that point. Nor do I
see why we should now begin this system of
surveys; for this is only the beginning. When
we appropriated $15,000 a couple of years
ago to extend the triangulation back into the
interior in California or somewhere else, we
supposed that appropriation would end the
matter. Last year the estimate was for double
that amount; and the House added $6,000 to
that. This year the proposition is to appro-
priate $36,000 more.
The purpose seems to be to carry on by the
officers of this Government a system of sur-
veys wnich so far as I can see will do no pos-
sible good to anybody. They may perhaps aid
somewhat in determining that the exact local-
ity of some town vpries a mile or so from what
the ordinary surveys have shown; but there
will be no practical benefit to the people. The
Coast Survey, in the proper sense of the term—
the triangulation of our rivers and harborsand
shoals along the coast, with the object of facil-
itating commerce and preserving life is a work
in the maintenance of which we ought to be
liberal. But I do object to extending all over
the country the character of surveys here con-
templated, which can benefit nobody. We
ought not to inaugurate this system which we
know must be continued from year to year at
a large expenditure, which the present condi-
tion of the country, in view of our heavy
taxation, forbids. I am unable to see any
beneficial result to be expected from thiswork;
and for that reason I have moved to strike out
the paragraph.
There are enough absolutely necessary
works, which cannot be postponed, to burden
the country to an extent almost beyond the
capacity of the people; and we certainly
should not engage in these fancy undertakings
which will involve expense without any prac-
tical benefit. We have already enough officers
of the Army and Navy who are not on duty
and yet are receiving full pay—who are as-
