530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
or that they may go, forsooth, to Nevada.
Tha' is merely covering up the real fact of
this business, that this is an unequal distribu-
tion of the taxes of the people, and that is all
there is of it.
I had expected that it would be defended
upon another ground, upon the ground that
the western States had received great advant-
ages from the public lands, whereas the old
States had received comparatively none.
Whenever that argument is made, if it shall
1> ■ thought entitled to any weight, I, for one,
• hall endeavor to show that the new States
1'. ve not received the great advantage over the
oM States that has been supposed. So far as
Ohio is concerned, the people of Ohio have
for almost every acre of land, and paid
tor it at a most onerous price. The first
s>ttl?rs of Ohio paid two dollars in hard
:roney—none of your paper rags, but hard
coin—for every acre of the public land that
they obtained, and for the residue after the re-
duction of the price they paid $1 25 an acre.
The people of that State paid for their lands
every dollar they were worth, and more than
they were worth at the time they made their
} urchuse: and what is true of Ohio is true of
Indiana and the greater part of Illinois. If
grants have been made from time to time to
those States, very limited indeed, it must be
borne in mind that in regard to the three
States I have just named they gave a con-
sideration for the grants far more valuable
than the grants themselves in the relinquish-
ment. of the right of taxation for five years
upon all lands sold and forever upon all
lauds belonging to the Federal Government.
So that whenever you go into that question
it will be found that the new States have
not received those greet advantages' that
some have supposed. Besides that, every
single grant to the new States has been in
furtherance of the general welfare by increas-
ing the market for your lands and the settle
ment of those States.
But that question I ought not perhaps to al-
lude to at all, for nothing has been said about
it. The bill does not stand upon that ground.
This is not a proposition to take the public
lands and divide them among all the States
because the new States have had some grants
of public lands and the old States have had
comparatively few. It is not true that the old
States have had none, for they have had some
as well as the new States. The whole thing,
then, comes right back to the question whether
or not this money shall be unequally divided
in the way I have said. That is apart from the
question whether we ought to go into this en-
terprise at all. I do not go into the considera-
tion of that question. I have objected to this
bill now for the reason that it is an unequal
distribution of the taxes of the people.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Windom].
Mr. CONKLING. May we hear that amend-
ment reported?
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the first section the
following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed as in any way limiting or affecting the
operation or application of homestead or preemption
laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend in section three, line two, by striking
out the word "two" and inserting "three;"
so that it will read : "that on the 1st day of
July, 1873, and iti each year thereafter," &c.
Mr. THURMAN. What are we consider-
ing now ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not understand how
we are considering this amendment. This is
an amendment " intended to be proposed by
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont." Did the com-
mittee report this amendment as a substitute
for the bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir; it
has been approved by the committee. It was
not in order to offer it until this morning, and
it was adopted as the original bill this morning.
Mr. THURMAN. This, then, is reported
by the committee as a substitute for the
original bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I was notaware of that
before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I now move,
on consultation with several Senators, to strike
out the words "or Territories" wherever they
occur. In section one, lines six and seven, I
move to strike out the words " and Territo-
ries." In section two, lines two and three,
and also in line fifteen, I move to strike out
the words " or Territory." In section three,
line eleven, I move to strike out the words
"or Territory," and in section four, line fif-
teen, and also in line twenty-one and line
twenty-four, I move to strike out the words
" or Territory."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to strike out, in section one, all after the
words "support of" in line three, down to
and including the word "arts" in line eight,
and to insert the words "common schools ;"
so that it will read:
That for the more complete endowment and sup-
port of common schools, there is hereby appropriated
to each State in which such schools have been, or
may be within five years from the passage of this
act, put into actual operation, &c.
I do this for the purpose of raising the ques-
tion whether, if we are to appropriate the pro-
ceeds of the public lands, because it is now
conceded that this bill proposes to appropriate
the proceeds of the public lands for educa-
tional purposes, we shall devote them to com-
mon schools or to these colleges. This bill
proposes to confine the appropriation to agri- •
cultural schools or colleges organized by the
laws of the States. I think if we are to appro-
priate the proceeds of the public lands for the
education of the children of the country, we
should appropriate them in aid of the common-
school funds of the several States.
My friend from Vermont supposed from a
remark I made that my objection to this bill
was owing to a desire to establish a great uni-
versity. I repeat that if we are about to ap-
propriate the proceeds of the public lands for
educational purposes, we ought not to confine
that appropriation to schools already estab-
lished, for the support of agricultural or me-
chanical colleges, but we ought to give it a
broader scope, and if I had the power I would
establish a great university in some proper
place, and endow it handsomely for the ben-
efit of the people of the United States.
But I think it is much better to appro-
priate this money, if it is appropriated at
all, for the support of common scnools, es-
pecially in view of the condition of the South-
ern States. Schools for agricultural pur-
poses, schools established merely to educate
people to be farmers or mechanics, may be
useful, but the most useful of all the schools
we have in the States are confessedly the
common schools. There are in nearly all of
the northern States now common schools that
are almost equal to the colleges of fifty years
ago. The high schools of several of the north-
ern States complete the education of a youth
I may say in a higher grade, or in higher
classes, than many of the colleges did thirty
years ago in almost any of the States. The
youth that has now passed through the high
schools of the State of Ohio has a complete
commoti-school education with a pretty famil-
iar knowledge of all the English studies, in-
cluding, if you please, chemistry, mineralogy,
and geology, and a knowledge of grammar,
arithmetic, and all the more common branches,
and if there are any kind of schools that
ought to be supported by the people of the
United States, they are the common schools.
I therefore offer this amendment to test the
sense of the Senate whether, if they have made
up their mind8 to appropriate the proceeds of
the public lands in this way, it is not better to
give the money to the States in aid of the
common schools, especially in view of the
condition of the southern States. We know
that in the southern States they have no sys-
tem of common schools. The great want of
the South is a system of common schools. The
most desirable measure that could be adopted
for the benefit of the South would be a system
of common schools where all the children
could be educated at the public expense. In
the northern States we have done this by the
States. The State of Ohio pays out now
$6,500,000 per annum for the support of com-
mon schools, besides the expense of building
school houses, and besides the expense of
all the colleges in the State. The Senator
from New York tells me they appropriated
$19,000,000 for the support of common schools
in the State of New York. That is a very
large sum, larger than I supposed was appro-
priated.
If this sum is to be given in aid of educa-
tion, let us appropriate it for that kind of edu-
cation which will be most beneficial to the
masses, especially in the southern States. I
have no doubt that $650,000 a year, or a
fund of $650,000 appropriated to found com-
mon schools in the southern States, would do
more good in those States than all the agricul-
tural colleges that could possibly be established
there. The very name of a college implies a
previous education to a considerable extent.
No boy would be sent to a college until he
had passed through certain branches of Eug-
lish education ; and therefore these colleges
are not adapted for the education of the peo-
ple of the southern States; especially they
are not adapted to the education of the colored
people of the southern States. The colored
children of the southern States, all the four
millions of people who have been emancipated
under our law, the great body of the southern
people, cannot enter such colleges, because
there is no system of common schools in the
southern States broad and extensive enough
to provide for educating them to such a degree
that they could enter an agricultural or any
other kind of college. If, therefore, this is a
proposition iri aid of education, let us com-
mence at the foundation and appropriate the
money in aid of common-school education.
I do not say that I am in favor of either
proposition. I am opposed to the Govern-
ment of the United States misapplying its
funds derived from the sale of public lands or
from taxes. I believe that this subject can be
left to the States. But if the Senate have
made up their mind to squander, or throw
away, or apply for the benefit of the States
for educational purposes, the entire proceeds
of the public lands, let us apply those pro
ceeds for the establishment of common schools*
and then at least there will be a great deal of
good done, although it may not be done in a
wise way.
Now, sir, here is a choice between the com-
mon schools of the United States and agricul-1
tural colleges, which require at least an estab-
lished degree of learning, which exclude from
admission within their fold or within the ben-
fits of this fund all those who have not already
attained a pretty good common school educa-
tion, because no youth Can enter a college of
any kind, according to our idea of the mean-
ing of the terra "college," until he has passed
