532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
and important positions, not only as school-
teachers, not only as agriculturists, or teachers
of agricultural sciences, but in connection
with the large manufacturing and mechanical
interests in that State; and I do not hesitate
to say that the increase of productive industry
iu consequence of the application of scientific
principles to the arts which produce that
industry has been very beneficial. I do not
hesitate to say still further, that if that school
continues, aud L have no doubt it will, to
produce corresponding benefits, it will not be
bfteen years before its graduates will control
the business interests and legislation of that
State. I verily believe that if you will estab-
lish similar schools in all parts of this country
you will elevate the cause of education, and
send into the country more practical and
energetic men than you have ever had. This
will not interfere with the common schools,
but it will benefit them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds.] If he were present he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. TIPTON. On this amendment I am
paired with the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony.] I would vote for it, and he
against it, if he were present.
The result was announced—yeas 9, nays 32;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Nye, Ramsey, Ransom, Sherman,
Sprague. and Stockton—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Boreman, Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Cameroa, Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Ferry
of Connecticut. Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Howe, Kelly, Machen, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ol Vermont, Norwood, Patterson. Pratt.
Sawyer, Scburz, Scott, Spencer, Stevenson, Yickers,
Windom. and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Cooper, Cragin. Edmunds, Fenton, Hill, Hitchcock,
JohnstoD, Kelloge, Lewis. Logan, Morton, Osbnrn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Rice. Robertson, Saulsbury, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and
Wilson—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I do not
wish to occupy the time of the Senate upon this
bill; I had no intention of speaking upon it at
■all; but I desire to say a word in reference to
the general character of this debate so far as it
has been my privilege to listen to it. It has
been assumed that the schools which are to be
beuefited by this act are exclusively agricul-
tural schools. The original act provided for
the establishment of " colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts, and the
liberal and practical education of the industrial
classes in the several pursuits and professions
in life." As a matter of fact, I believe it is
true that those schools which have been estab-
lished under the former act and which have
been most successful are not strictly agricul-
tural colleges, bat that they give instruction in
the several branches of mechanic art; they
educate men in mining engineering, in civil
engineering, in chemistry, and in other sciences
which pertain to agriculture and the mechanic
arts generally. The Government has entered
upon the policy of providing colleges for that
purpose. By liberal donations, as it thought
at the time, it has granted thirty thousand acres
of land for each Senator and Representative to
which the several States were entitled, to estab-
lish such colleges. In some of the States they
have been a decided success. In other States,
where there were fewer people who took an in-
terest in the cause of education generally, un-
doubtedly the measure ofsuccess has been small,
as was to be expected. In some of the States
the land which was donated to them has been
wisely disposed of and yielded large returns,
ami furnished a secure endowment for the col-
leges. In others, it has been unwisely disposed
of; the funds arising from the sale have been
squandered, or at any rate not well used, and
the success has been very small.
Much has been said here about the inequality
of this bill, inasmuch as it gives to a large
State no more than to a small State. As has
been so well observed by the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] and others, it
costs as much to establish a good school in the
State of Delaware as it does in the State of
Ohio; and the fact that these schools are
located in the several States instead of being
located in certain equal territorial divisions
of the country is to me of very little conse-
quence. The State of Delaware, if it wants
an agricultural and mechanical college at all,
wants one sufficiently endowed to make it of
practical benefit to the citizens of Delaware and
the vicinity. It is quite likely that if a good
school of this kind were established in Dela-
ware it might be attended by citizens of other
States to quite as large an extent as by those
living in Delaware itself. The same is true in
reference to any other State.
The act does not attempt to confine the pa-
tronage of these schools or the privileges of
these schools to the citizens of the State where
the college happens to be located ; but it is a
convenient arrangement to have one in each
State and in each Territory, when the Territory
gets into such a condition, at any rate, that it
approaches the number of population neces-
sary for admission as a State; and if the col-
leges are established with a small endowment
in any State, it is practically throwing the
money away. The Senator from Vermont
who introduced this bill was well aware of the
fact that an insufficiently endowed agricultural
j college was perhaps little better than none at
j all. It is with that view, as I understand it,
; that he desires to put in the possession of
every one of these colleges which has been
established heretofore or shall be hereafter
j established under the law such an endowment
! as will enable them to carry out properly the
purposes for which the original act was de-
signed. It seems to me that all the arguments
which go to show that it is unjust to give to the
State of Rhode Island, or the State of Florida,
or the State of Delaware the same amount
I of land for one of these schools as is given to
the great State of New York or the great State
of Ohio, are ill-founded. You might as well
say that you would not build as good a light-
house on the coast of the small State of New
I Jersey as you would on the coast of the great
■ State of New York. The light-house is to
guide the mariner to the desired haven ; it is
to protect the commerce of the country at
large; and so this agricultural college is to be
a light-house to the mechanical industry of
the State, is to educate the people in the
mechanical pursuits, the proceeds of which
make the country rich.
You legislate with regard to the industrial
interests of this country in every direction;
you protect certain branches of industry be-
cause you desire to develop the industry and
the resources of the country. Does the tax
which is levied for that purpose fall equally
upon all the States? Not at all. There are
whole groups of States which are really im-
poverished by the existence of your high pro-
tective tariffs, who pay taxes annually to de-
velop the industry of other sections of the
country ; and yet it is your established policy.
You have just as good a right to legislate to
develop the industry and resources of this
country by educating the citizens in agricul-
tural and mechanical colleges as you have in
any other way.
But I assume that the constitutional ques-
tion has been decided by the establishment of
the colleges. Having established the colleges,
it is the desire of the friends of education—I
may say it is the desire of the great mass of
the agricultural and mechanical people of this
country—that these colleges shall be made
effectual for the purposes for which they are
designed. They cannot be made effectual if
the endowment is confined to the small sums
which most of them have already received. 1
believe, Mr. President, that there is no better
use possible to put a portion certainly of the
proceeds of the public lands than into these
institutions which are to give technical educa-
tion to that large class of our citizens who are
engaged in agriculture and the mechanic arts.
Were this an appropriation for the benefit
of commerce we should have a lobby here from
every commercial city in the Union urging its
passage, and we should find no objection to it
from the great commercial States. We should
find the great commercial States all standing
up here and asking that this appropriatioxi
might be made if it were in the interest of com-
merce, because commerce always has agencies
which it can use for such purposes. The agri-
cultural and mechanical industries of the coun-
try, widely diversified, scattered over the con-
tinent, have no agencies, no lobbies, nobody
here to speak for them. All that we know
about the requirement of the people in this
regard comes through the petitions which are
sent here in considerable numbers, and through
the correspondence of the various Senators.
Mr. President, I voted against the amend-
ment which has just been disposed of to divert
this fund from the agricultural colleges to the
common schools. Not that I do not acknowl-
edge the necessity of common-school educa-
tion. I believe that there is a large portion
of our country to which the Government must
extend ahelpinghand in the cause of common-
school education. I believe that altogether
more depends upon early and prompt actiou
in that direction than perhaps will be acknowl-
edged by most Senators upon this floor. But,
sir, this bill is drawn for a specific purpose.
• I would do this thing because it is now in
hand, and I would not slaughter this bill under
the profession of friendship for the common
schools. No man shall say that he has more
zeal in the cause of common-school education
than I have. I would not have the pyramid
stand upon its apex but upon it base. 1 would
have scattered broadcast over this land all the
benefits which arise from the best common-
school education. But here is a subject upou
which Congress has already legislates He.e
are institutions in reference to which Congress
has already initiated and settled a policy.
These are the institutions whose interests we
are now looking after, and this bill is brought
in, not for the interest of the common-school
system of the country; it is not drawn in such
.a way as to adapt itself to the needs of the
common-school interests of the country ; hut
it is drawn in the interest of the agricultural
colleges of the country. The Senator from
Vermont adapted the bill to those interests
and to that purpose alone. Therefore I voted
against what 1 regarded as an incongruity;
that is, making the proceeds of the public
lands, with the other provisions of this bill,
applicable to the common schools of this
country; not that I have not thoroughly at
heart the good and welfare of those schools,
but that this is not the bill on which I wish to
ingraft a provision of that kind.
I trust that ere long we shall have a bill be-
fore us which will provide in some way for
fostering the common schools of the country,
that we shall do what I conceive to be the duty
of the Government of the United States to a
large class of our citizens who have, by the
results of the war, and by their previous his-
tory perhaps, largely, without fault of thi-ir
own, but owing to the peculiar nature of their
institutions, been put into a position where
such a helping hand is necessary. I trust that
Senators who show so much zeal for the com-
mon schools here to day will be found, when
that bill comes up, ready to vote a large appro-
priation for those schools. I shall expect the
Senator from Ohio and other Senators upon
this floor, when the cause of the common
schools is presented here in a bill properly
