1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
but in order to insure perfect good faith, I
would suggest that the gentleman from Michi-
gan be allowed, by common consent, to offer
the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not see why the
amendment cannot go in after line seven hun-
dred and fifty-two. It will be just as germane
there as at any other place in the bill.
Mr. HALE. I do not care to obtrude per-
sonal matters upon the House, because ordin-
arily that is not desirable or gratifying to
members. But the gentleman from Michigan
must know that when we had reached line
seven hundred and six, I think, he got up and
proposed an amendment increasing the appro-
priation to $20,000 for Isle Royal. I asked
him to yield and offer the amendment at the
end of the light house clauses. He then stated
that if that amendment should be lost, he had
anothef which he proposed to offer to the next
clause, and I said I would make no objection.
He presented his large amendment to come in
at line seven hundred and six; and it was
adopted by the House ; I did not feel disposed
to antagonize it. I want the House to under-
stand' this clearly and distinctly; and so the
matter, so far as I am concerned, ends here.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Maine withdraw his point of order?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for a
decision on the point of order.
Mr. CONGER. On the point of order I
wish to be heard.
Mr. SARGENT. The amendment can be
offered as well to this part of the bill. What is
the use of a contest about it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
withdrawn, as the Chair understands. The
question is, therefore, on the proposition of
the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to speak on that
proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Michigan is recognized.
Mr. CONGER. There seems to be a great
effort to prevent the House having informa-
tion. [Laughter.] But I am disposed to insist
on my rights sometimes. The Light-House
Board, in the estimates, recommended to the
Secretary of the Treasury for light-houses on
this coast, of which Port Austin forms a part,
an appropriation of $40,000. Any gentleman
can iind, by referring to the book of estimates,
this estimate for light-houses on the coast of
Lake Huron, $40,000. Not one cent of that
estimate has been inserted in this bill. I ask,
then, for an appropriation ot $10,000 for Port
Austin off Saginaw bay, where there is no
light-house inside the bay and nothing to pre-
vent vessels running upon the shore and being
beached at any time of the year in any storm.
Not far from the point where I propose to
make this appropriation for a light-house sev-
eral vessels were sunk in one storm last fall,
and thirty-one dead bodies came upon the
shore from those sunken vessels in one day,
five or six more on the succeeding two or three
days, and many bodies were never recovered.
Now, the sailors on Lake Huron demand
there shall be a light-house there to protect
them from such disasters again ; for if there
had been a light there which would have
enabled them to avoid the reefs which put
out into that stormy bay, many of these men
might have been saved.
When I ask the House to listen to this
proposition I doit in the interest of humanity,
and in behalf of the rights of sailors who
traverse a lake which has but two or three
light-houses in its whole length, and which has
two hundred miles without one single harbor.
That is all I wish to say on that point. If the
House refuse to make this light, or if the gen-
tleman neglects it in order that he may put in
other places appropriating half a million of
dollars to establish lights where they can do
without them—if he puts in a light on Dutch
Gap, a river only two hundred feet wide, and
a light-house is to be refused to Lake Huron,
where there is no light for miles and miles to
guide the mariner on his way—then I say to
the committee it will do a very great wrong
to the navigation of that great lake. I have
spoken earnestly. I wished to call the atten-
tion of the House to the necessity of establish-
ing a light-house there where great disasters
have occurred from year to year, and where
there was such great loss of life during last fall.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I think it is
incumbent on me, representingthe Committee
on Appropriations, to state the condition of
this light-house bill, and then it can act as it
sees fit. I have no objection personally to a
dozen more lights being put on here, increas-
ing the bill to an amount of a quarter, or even
half a million dollars. But let me state how
the bill is made up. The Light-House Board
estimated for the construction and repair of
light-houses $2,160,000 in gross. Now it is
not believed, and was not by the committee,
we could afford, with our views of the expend-
itures of the Government, to give so much.
It was determined, on consultation with the
Light-House Board that the lights they repre-
sented as being the most essentially necessary
should be selected, and those are the lights
which are reported by the Committee on
Appropriations to the House.
Let me say further, owing to being strongly
put before the committee and urged by various
interests and pressed by members of this
House, the light-house bill already is between
three and four hundred thousand dollars larger
than was reported last year. This Committee
of the Whole has already voted in amendments
to the extent of $100,000 more. Now, if this
committee is willing to embark still further, I
have nothing to say. I only warn gentlemen
of this fact, that there are several gentlemen
waiting to move amendments to increase this
bill if this amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan is carried.
Now, so far as the light-houses are concerned
in the district of the gentleman, I have this
to say. He complains there have been what
would amount to unfair discrimination. Let
me tell the committee how the lights were
arranged up there. All this light-house sys-
tem is under an officer of engineers, General
Pole, whose headquarters are in Michigan, the
State of the gentleman. He estimated for a
list of light-houses ten or eleven in number in
that State. The board wrote to him all could
not come in because it would not be fair as
all did not come in in other parts of the coun-
try, and asked him to classify and state what
from his observation were most needed, most
imperatively needed, on these coasts of the
lakes. General Pole classified them and stated
to us those which were absolutely needed and
those which the Government could put off to
another year. Every one of those reported
to us as being needed and as important have
been reported in this bill. I took all of No.
1 in his classification and followed it out.
Those left off are those which were at the foot
of his list and which did not come into his
classification as No. 1 which were needed at
this time. If the committee is willing to in-
crease the bill by appropriations for additional
light-houses I have no objection, but if the
committee begin there will be others to follow
with amendments of a like character.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 28, noes 35.
Mr. CONGER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Coxger and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The committee.again divided ; and thetellers
reported—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move to strike
out that portion of the paragraph last read,
beginning with line seven hundred and forty-
five.
The Clerk read as follows :
And provided further. That the unexpended bal-
ances of appropriations for special works under the
Light-House Board made by the act approved June
10,1872, entitled "An act making appropriations tor
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1873, and for other pur-
poses," are hereby reappropriated for the purposes
therein specified.
Mr. HALE. I raise the point of order, that
it is too late for the gentleman to offer this
amendment. That paragraph has been read
and passed, and the committee has gone on to
make amendments in reference toother matters.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Chair considers that the
paragragh has not been acted on and is still
pending.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. My object in
making the motion to strike out the proviso is
this. The law requires, and the committee
professes to comply with the law, that there
shall be furnished to the House the amount of
money appropriated by this bill; and it is
shown by figures at the end of it that it appro-
priates $27,968,829 40. Now in addition to
that the committee make an appropriation of
all the unexpended balances in hand, created
by the law of last year for the service of the
present year. They do not tell us what that
amounts to. It may be $50,000 ; it may be
$500,000; it may be $1,000,000. We are
making in this paragraph specific appropria-
tions, upon the assumption that the amount
stated is all that is to be expended on these
particular works; while at the end of the
paragraph comes in a general clause, reappro-
priating and adding we do not know what
amount to the sum we have voted.
The committee, before they ask us to do this,
ought to tell us what it amounts to, and what
particular works it is appropriated to, and
then add it to the aggregate of the bill, telling
us whether it will bring np the twenty-seven
million dollars to-twenty-eight or thirty million
dollars. This is an indirect way of spend-
ing money beyond what we are professing to
spend. We say the $27,000,000 is all that is
to be voted for next year, but if this proviso
is adopted it may be twenty-seven million or
twenty-nine million or thirty million dollars,
for all we know. I object to this indirect
mode of doing it.
Mr. HALE. I am glad that the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has called atten-
tion to this, because he has been a member of
the Committee on Appropriations, and I have
no doubt he makes the objection candidly. I
think, if he will consider a little, he will see the
reason why this clause is put in limiting the
appropriation as it does.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Can the gentle-
man tell' us the amount that will be reappro-
priated by this proviso?
Mr. HALE. I will come to that in a moment.
The gentleman will find that the first clause
of the paragraph does not belong to any gen-
eral appropriation for light house purposes.
The running machinery of the establishment
should be closed up every year, and Congress
should know what is paid for salaries and gen-
eral expenses, and if there be any overplus, it
should be all turned into the Treasury. That
is already provided for, having its origin in the
provision reported by the Committee on Ap-
propriations when the gentleman himself was
a member of that committee, and it is a wise
provision.
But here are appropriations outside of that
specified for the building of light,-houses.
There is no opportunity of diverting any money
that was appropriated last year for a light-
house off the cost of South Carolina, or of
Michigan, or of New England, or of California,
to any other purpose. But in some cases
where the House and Senate had decided that
a light-hcuse was to be built, there have been
unfortunate delays. It was not possible, and
will not be by July l.toexpend all the money.
Therefore, as the work is in progression and
the appropriation cannot be diverted and does
not come under the principle of being turned
into the Treasury at the end of each year, this
