1873,.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19?
42d Cong....3d
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Poland.
Ho. of Reps.
those who held that the sovereignty of the
States was greater than the sovereignty of the
nation. I should like to ask my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] if he approves the
ground taken in that report. If he does he
will have to wipe out most of the history of
this country for the intervening time, and
abandon most of the doctrines now held by
the Republican party as to the true theory of
this Government. In the late report of the
Judiciary Committee this case of Matteson is
referred to and a great, flourish of trumpets is
made over the names of those who participated
in the debate, and among them is quoted tbe
name of Seward.
Mr. Speaker, the name of Seward is a great
name in this land, but I have never under-
stood any great degree of luster'was added to
it by this particular Seward of Georgia.
In the debate on Matteson's ease a great
variety of grounds-were assumed, which I have
not time to enumerate even. The turning
point in the case evidently was the fact that
the whole matter was before the electors of his
district at the time of his election to the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, as his lettter on which the
proceeding was founded was published in the
papers. The matter was disposed of by the
House laying the whole subject on the table,
so that aothing really was decided. In the
case of Whittemore in the last Congress, the
Military Committee of the House reported that
he had sold out his appointment of a cadet to
the Military Academy for money, and a reso-
lution for his expulsion. Whittemore avoided
expulsion by resigning, went home to his con-
stituents, and was reelected to the same Con-
gress. When he came back, under his new
election, the House by a very large majority
refused even to allow him to take his seat.
This action of the House seemed to me to set
up the old tyranny of the Wilkes case, which
was nearly a century ago declared by the Com-
mons of England to be "subversive of the rights
of the electors." I tried with others to be heard
against it, but was cut off by the previous
question.
I am happyto contrast the conduct of the
committee in the management of this case
with that pursued in the case of Whittemore.
I, for one, did not think Whittemore's re-
election wiped out his offense or took away
the power of the House to expel him for it.
I thought he did not have a fair hearing m the
first place. When he did have one, and it
should prove he had corruptly sold his right
of appointment, I would have voted to expel
him as often as he appeared in any Congress
of which I was a member. The proceedings
against him did not render him ineligible, and
he should have been allowed to take his seat
and been dealt with afterward. I believe my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldkbdge,] with
all his strict views as to the power of the
House to expel, voted to keep Whittemore
from even taking his seat.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have another case where
a gentleman practiced very differently from
what he now preaches. In the last Congress
Mr. Conner, of Texas, appeared with creden-
tials in proper form and claimed a 3eat. lhe
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. ButlerJ
objected to his being sworn, or taking his
seat, on the ground that he had prior to his
election been guilty of subornation of perjury
by procuring witnesses to testify falsely tor
himself-before a court-martial; and he stoutly
insisted that his credentials should be referred
that those facts might be proper y proved, and
if proved, that he ought not to be allowed to
take a seat as a member. T .i- 1
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. I thmk
my friend is mistaken.
Mr. POLAND. That may be the gentle^
man's impression, but I would recommend
him to read a few pages in the Globe I have
here, and he will see I am right. My col-
league on the' committee [Mr. Banks] and
myself participated in the debate. We said
this was no reason why Mr. Conner should
not be allowed to take his seat, and that if
then it should be shown he had committed
such a crime he could be expelled from it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I knew
if we admitted him to a seat that could hot
be done.
Mr. POLAND. The amount of it is, then,
that my friend would violate parliamentary
law in order to be able to deprive a member
of what he now says was his legal and con-
stitutional right. This is consistency with a
vengeance.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is one more author-
ity that I must refer to, and that is the report
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
"Mr. Butler] from the Judiciary Committee
a day or two since. The question of the juris-
diction of the House had not in any manner
been referred to that committee and was in no
way before them. The majority of that com-
mittee, ex gratia, and evidently for the very
purpose of putting the weight of that commit-
tee into the scale in favor of Messrs. Ames
and Brooks, brought in a report discussing the
whole question and declaring that it was clear
that the House had no* jurisdiction.
I had seen it stated in the newspapers for
several days that two celebrated criminal law
yers, one from Massachusetts and one from
Indiana, were to defend the accused members.
But I did notanticipatesuchan "OldBailey'
trick as that they would put their views before
the House in the guise and under the pretended
authority of a report of the law committee.
I think I was guilty of no discourtesy when
I styled it the "so-called report of the Judi-
ciary Committee" and worthy of the chief
engineer of the Credit Mobilier fraud. When
a court travels out of a case to decide points
not before them, their extra rulings are called
obiter dicta. They are not authority and are
never looked upon favorably. The judge who
does it is regarded as a meddlesome dunce, or
worse.
What weight should be given to the obiter
dicta of a committee prepared by the advo-
cates of the party expected to be benefited?
1 am quite content that the doctrines of that
report should go to the people of this country
alongside those laid down in the report of my
committee. Let the intelligent people of this
country decide between us. I have no fear
of the result.
I should like to discuss this question much
longer, but time forbids. I believe the power
of the House is unquestionable, both on prin-
ciple and authority. A few additional sugges-
tions as to the facts. Does the evidence sub-
mitted establish what the committee charge
against Mr. Ames? The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] concedes all we
claim, and last evening I carefully wrote c own
what he said as to the acts and motivesof Mr.
Ames. He said in substanc#:
" Ho [Ames] foresaw that some one, by putting in
a resolution, might ruin theroad. fcoi he said, i ll
givo a man a chaneo to buy some of this stock, and
then he will have an interest to sseo that we are not
wronged.'" *
Again, putting words into the mouth of Ames :
"If we can be let alono in Congress we will havo
a valuablo road. Now, will you take some of this
stock at par?"
Again, speaking for Ames:
" Therefore I want you [a supposed Congressman]
to have such a little modicum of interest that when
you hear of theUnion Pacific railroad you will prick
Sp yom ears. Not to do anyth ng but to refrain
from doing. The road only asked that the time and
place of the annual meeting might bo changed.
•'He [Ames] placed °ne hundred Md thirty shares
in Congress, and two hundred and fifty-three outside
among men who would see fair play. He never told
one about the investment of the other.
They [the Congressmen who bought] were the
men whom he desired to have such an Interest in
the proceedings that they would see no wrong done.
Now suppose Mr. Ames was on trial for
bribery belore a jury, and it should be proved
that he sold stock at par to members of Con-
gress which he knew then to be worth two or
three times the par value for exactly the pur-
poses and with the exact motives stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, there is not
an honest, intelligent judge in the land that
would not say to the jury that it made a clear
case of bribery in law, and that they ought to
find him guilty. What the gentleman concedes
would have sent his client to the penitentiary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
send him before a jury.
Mr. POLAND. There is a class of ingen-
ious lawyers in the country who have an
excellent faculty of getting their clients hung,
and this I think will be a case in poiDt.
I desire the House to understand the precise
condition of things when Mr. Ames came to
Washington in December, 1867. The famous
Oakes Ames contract had been made in the
fall previous, under which they expected to
get at least double pay for building the rail-
road and practically swindle the one half ont
of the Government.
There were men in New York ingenious
enough to devise the general project of cheat-
ing the Government out of this sum, but no
man could be found there skillful enough in
legal engineering to devise the machinery^ by
which it could be safely run. But " the right
man in the rightplace" was found, though they
had to send to Massachusetts for him and pay
him $6,000 for it, though they thought $3,000
qnite enough. But the man who could do such
things on such a scale was not the man to
undervalue his own services, and he got the
$6,000. (See testimony of.benjamin F. Boi-
ler before Wilson committee.)
Everything was now arranged for the scheme
to go through successfully. Two sources of
danger only appeared to be open. One was
congressional interference and investigation;
the other was inconvenient, meddlesome Gov-
ernment directors. Both must, if possible, be
avoided. The whole clew is here given as to
the conduct of Mr. Ames, and his anxiety to
make it for the interest of leading men in Con-
gress to act with him. They were men who
would spurn bribes or any improper approach
for their influence. They must be made in-
terested in a way that should seem to be only
an ordinary investment, trusting to the natural
effect of that interest upon motive and action.
Hence Mr. Ames told no extravagant stories
of the value, only that it would be good stock,
and he would guaranty them ten per cent.
I recollect the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] right here made what he
thought a telling point, and awakened great
applause. " Who," he exclaimed, "everbefore
heard of reckoning interest on a bribe, or
guarantying ten per cent, interest on it?
In the case of a corrupt agreement, so under-
stood on both sides, it would be remarkable.
But here the corrupt intent was on one side
only, and all the forms and appearances of an
honest contract must be observed to draw the
other party into it. But Mr. Ames himselt
had paid par and interest for the stock, and
though he wanted to benefit the concern as
much as possible, he was far too thrifty a man
to wish to lose any money from his own pocket.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman misstates the facts. Mr. Ames did not
get it at all, and did not pay for it until the
SOth of April following, as their report shows.
Mr POLAND. The gentleman is himself
wholly mistaken. The committee's report
shows no such thing, and Mr. Ames himself
swore that he paid for the stock when it wasr
assigned to him, with iuterest on it from the
