1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
provision seeks to give it to the board for the
particular purpose that has already been desig-
nated.
X am free to say to the gentleman that I can-
not tell him the aggregate amount of this,
because in preparing this part of the .bill itdid
not seem to me, for the reasons I have stated,
that that was essential. I could have easily
fotit from the Light-House Board in every case.
!ut, as it is limited, as it can only go for the
purpose already fixed by Congress, can never
be changed from one light-house to another,
and as the proviso authorizes no new construc-
tion, I think the gentleman himself will not
object to its being used for the completion of
works already ordered.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to say
one other word. I made my motion not so
much for the purpose of objecting to the gen-
eral objects of the appropriation as for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the committee
to the fact that until we are informed how
much those unexpended balances amount to
it is impossible for us to comply with the law
which requires the amount appropriated by
the bill to be set forth, that we may know what
is so expended.
Mr. HALE. Well, that is undoubtedly cor-
rect.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. And besides that,
under the act of June 10, 1872, the unex-
pended balances which are now reappropri-
ated are of an indefinite amount, which no one
can find out. We are appropriating money
without any committee of the House knowing
exactly how much of it will go to any particu-
lar branch of the service. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I consider it my
duty, in view of the fact that a measure is pend-
ing in the House which cannot be proceeded
with after to-morrow without a suspension of
the rules, to move that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Tyner
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
3921) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of tbe Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
PUBLICATION OF TUB DEBATES OP CONGRESS.
The House resumed as the regular order of
business the consideration of the joint res-
olution (No. 195) providing for the reporting
and publication of the debates in _Congress3
reported from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BEATTY. I propose to ask that the
previous question be seconded, and if the
House seconds the previous question I will
divide the time with gentlemen who desire to
oppose the joint resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was not the pre-
vious question voted down the_ other day, and
did not the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
get the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana surrendered his right to the floor this
morning.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The gentleman
from Indiana is very anxious to be heard upon
this question. He has gone to the Senate for
a few moments on important business. I have
sent for him, and do not wish any action to be
taken until he be here.
Mr. BEATTY. I will give him half an
hour of my time. •
The question being upon seconding the pre-
vious question, tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Beatty, and Mr. Beck of Kentucky were
appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 82, noes 43.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Beatty,] who reported this joint resolu-
tion, is entitled to the floor for one hour.
- Mr. BEATTY. I yield half an hour to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, before I pro-
ceed I desire to know whether it is understood
that this half hour is under my control, so that
I can yield the floor to others if I so desire ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. KERR. I desire to occupy five min-
utes, and then I will yield the remainder of
my time to gentlemen who desire to speak on
this question.
Mr. BEATTY. I desired to yield the control
of half an hour to the gentleman absolutely.
Mr. KERR. The corner-stone of my oppo-
sition to this joint resolution is that it proposes
to transfer the reporting and publication of
the Globe from its present hands into the
hands of the publisher of a partisan journal,
aud to place it under partisan influences in
the future. I hold, sir, that it would be to
this country a public misfortune to give this
great work into such keeping and put it under
such influences. It would be no worse for us
now to authorize the publication of a partisan
newspaper in the public printing establish-
ment. I oppose it on that ground, which I
think ought to attract the attention of every
gentleman upon this floor, and induce them to
so vote as to prevent the enactment of this
joint resolution. I care not what the class or
nature of the partisanship may be, whether in
sympathy with me or not. It will be injurious
and expensive.
I oppose it on the further ground that in my
judgment the bid made by Mr. Murtagh was
not made in good faith, that he cannot execute
it as made without loss, and that as certain as
time goes on he will come to the House with
large and continuous de.mands for extra com-
pensation. If I had time to analyze his prop-
osition I could show this danger is directly
involved in this proposition. Prior to 1833 we
made similar contracts for the publication of
our proceedings, and from time to time there
were claims made to Congress for extra pay,
some of the claimants demanding large sums,
and one demanding about $200,000. In 1833,
this work fell into the hands of the predecessors
of the present proprietors, and it has substan-
tially remained, under that general manage-
ment from that time to this. It has always
been most satisfactorily performed, and the
work better done than any official printing
elsewhere in the world, and no application has
been made to Congress for extra compensation.
The work has been conducted entirely on
business principles, aud the Treasury has
never had any trouble about accounts, and has
never had occasion to disapprove any account
rendered by the proprietors. They have been
entirely free from parly bias, and have con-
ducted themselves as business men—nothing
more or nothing less. That is what we want
in the publication of this work ; that is what
the country needs; that is what every member
of the House will better appreciate the import-
ance and value of when he comes to witness
the results of partisan management. _ Some
consideration is due to the unexceptionable
manner in which the present publishers have
uniformly discharged their obligations toward
the Government and the members of Congress.
It is contended that the bid of Mr. Murtagh
is less than that of the Globe proprietors.
It would appear upon a fair statement of the
amounts and results of the several bids that
Rives & Bailey offer to do this work for about
$72,000 more than Mr. Murtagh's proposition ;
that Ladd & Towers offer to do it for $79,000
more than the offer of Mr. Murtagh ; and that
Mr. Osborne, a practical printer, offers to do
it for $334,000 more than is offered by Mr.
Murtagh. Now, all these people are prac-
tical printers. It is true that Mr. Murtagh
says he is a practical printer of some twelve
or fifteen years' standing. The gentlemen
who control this Globe establishment are
practical printers, and have been all their
lives. They have never done anything else;
they have never controlled or owned a partisan
press, but they have been practical printers,
and are yet. Now, assuming all these men
are all equally intelligent, and are all equally
honest, it will be seen that they differ in this
wide degree in their estimates of the real value
of this public work. The House is thus left
in some degree to act upon its own judg-
ment. It should give the contract to the best
bidders, those most tried and most respons-
ible, where the pecuniary difference is not
excessive.
It has been alleged that these Globe pro
prietors have made enormous profits. I would
be glad if I had time to read from a speech
made by the gentleman from Ohio on this
subject one year ago. I will read a short
extract:
"Again, the publishers of the Globe are compelled
to_ employ the best proof-readers that can be ob-
tained. These readers of proof must be able to
follow the argument or thought of a speech as well
as the mere letter; they must see that the sense is
not marred by the omission of a period, comma, or
semicolon, and this must be done late at night, and
with great rapidity, for time will not wait on much
reflection or refercnoo. Before tho city is thoroughly
awake in the morning the Globe must be ready for
distribution, and must be typographically as perfect
as under the circumstances it can possibly be made.
In view of all this, I am satisfied that the price paid
for the Daily Globe has been low enough, possibly
lower than the work was actually worth, and in this
conclusion I am sustained by practical printers who
have hadeonsiderable experience, and who have had
no interest in the matter, other than a desire to
reaoh an honest conclusion after a thorough invest-
igation of the subject.
"The profit which Rives & Bailey have made out
of their contract they obtained from printing the
quarto edition. The contract oi 1869, as 1 have be-
fore stated, gave them two mills per page for trans-
terring the matter from the daily to the quarto.
This work could be done leisurely, and the force
neoded for it could find steady employment at
regular hours. The matter already in type was
taken from the daily, put into quarto form, and
stereotyped. Thereafter copies ot the quarto edi-
tion could be multiplied to any extent, for a price
which would cover the cost of press-work, paper,
ink, and a small allowance for wastage, luel, lights,
and repairs to machinery. While two mills per
page seemed a small sum, it amounted in the aggre-
gate to a very large one. Twelve thousand three
hundred and ninety-one copies of tho quarto edition
(eighty for each Senator, twenty-tour for each
member, and one hundred for the Library) made
15^,779,365 pages, and amounted to $317,553 73. The
actual cost of doing this work, making all proper
allowances for capital invested, wear of type and
machinery, rents, &c.. will not exceed one and a
half mills per page.
" The profit of the publishers on the quarto Globe
furnished to the Forty-First, Congress amounted
probably to $79,389 68, and their net profit for the
two years on the entirb work, including the Daily as
well as the Congressional Globe, could not have been
less than $65,000. Is this too much ? 1 leave gentle-
men to answer the question for themselves, and beg
that they will not conclude, from anything I have
said, that I believe Rives & Bailey received more
than they were fairly entitled to for doing the work.
AH must confess that it was most, a.dmirably done,
and I doubt whether anybody else in the world
could do it so well. But what I mean to assert is
that the cost of tho work we authorized them to do,
and paid them for doing, is infinitely greater than
any benefit which it will ever confer upon the
country."
That was said one year ago. In reference
to tbe charge that these ^Globe proprietors
were making enormous pronts, the gentleman,
in that speech, gave a sufficient and, I doubt
not, a just and reasonable answer. I adopt it
now. I submit it completely acquits Rives &
Bailey of the charge. Their net earnings,
considering their investment and capital in
their business, have been moderate.
Their establishment is necessarily very large,
expensive, complicated, and peculiar in ar-
rangement and outfit, and they are compelled
in the practical conduct of their business to
use a large amount of money. They have
already invested in the establishment and its
necessary and proper appurtenances for the
doing of this work about $250,000. For the
conduct of their business from day to day and
from year to year, they are compelled to use at
least $100,000more, making $350,000 invested
in this work. It will be thus seen that $65,000
profits in two years is less than ten per cent
