1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
drawn for the purpose, to come up and assist
us in that work.
1 do not share the fears which the Senator
from Ohio seems to have that the people of
the country will think that the public lands
are being squandered and wasted ; that they
are being given away unworthily and improp-
erly, because, forsooth, they go to make
higher the standard of citizenship and of edu-
caiion throughout this land. If there is any
one danger which this country may fear, it is
the ignorance of those who cast the ballots;
and if every acre of public land which had
ever been in the possession of the Govern-
ment had been devoted to the cause of elevat-
ing the citizen in the scale of intelligence it
could never have been said that that public
land bad been wasted or squandered. The
people will support any measure which dis-
poses of the proceeds of the public domain in
tbe cause of education. They will support
this measure, which gives, as my friend from
Ohio says, $28,750,000 in money value to the
agricultural colleges. They will support an-
other measure, which gives as much or twice
as much in the cause of education. The
objections to these schemes do not come from
the people; they come from a class of the
the people, and a class, of people who have
other interests in view than the education of
the masses.
But, as I said, Mr. President, when I rose,
I had no intention to speak on this bill; I only
desired to say a word or two in explanation of
the vote I had just given in reference to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, and to express as briefly as possible my
views of the bill in general.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator lrom
Ohio.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Of course
Senators understand that this motion also is
merely a motion to destroy the bill and pre-
vent any. action thereon.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
question I am paired with the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Ransom.] If present he
would vote yea, and I should vote nay, he
being in favor of the bill and I against it.
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] If
present he would vote " nay" and I should
vote "yea" on this motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 36 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Casserly, Conkling, Fenton, Gil-
bert, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sherman, Steven-
son, Tipton, and Windorn—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Corbett. Davis, Ferry of Connect-
icut. Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Machen,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Sawyer, Schurz, Scett,
Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Vickers, Wilson, and
Wright—36. . , „
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Cooper, Cragin, Edmunds, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hill, Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
inan, Trumbull, and West—27.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, coming from one of the smaller States,
and one largely interested in a measure ot this
kind, I feel it proper to say a few words in
explanation of the vote I Bhall give.
I have made some examination of the bill
and of the act of 1862, which it purports to
amend. I find so essential a difference be-
tween the original bill, to which this professes
to be an amendment, that, for one, 1 think I
have not failed to observe the troubles into
which we are about being involved by this
legislation.
The original act provided for the distribu-
tion of scrip to the States, and-the States were
to be in immediate relation to the schools.
They were in fact to be State schools, subject
to tbe stipulations and regulations provided
for by that act of Congress when assented to
by the States. The States then were actors in
the whole transaction, and they were recog-
nized in the contract then made between the
Government of the United States and them-
selves in the distribution of this land scrip or
appropriation of it to the agricultural colleges ,j
of the respective States. That was an import-
ant consideration in the passage of the original
act; but this bill promises no such thing.
This at once takes possession of your whole
school system ; it is but the incipient step, the
beginning of the end. This provides not for j
any transactions with any State; this money
passes not into the hands of any State for dis- 1
. tribution by State authority, but it goes directly |'
| to the colleges themselves, and all the relations
of these colleges are hereafter to be directly I
< with the Government of the United States, !'
and they are in fact colleges of the United '
States and supported by the United States. |
This bill proposes to give not lands—and I I
, would be equally opposed to that—but to give
' money, and money out of the Treasury of the
United States, under the pretense that the
money so given is the proceeds of lands. But,
. Mr. President, we cannot fail to observe, we
cannot fail to appreciate the fact that if in any
way we give away those lands after thus en-
dowing these colleges with the amount of
money which is thus appropriated to them
from their annual proceeds, they will at once
appeal to Congress for money to make up any
deficiency created by giving away these lands.
To-morrow, if you pass the soldiers' bounty
land bill, or if you should give all your lands
away for any purpose, if this bill is a law,
these colleges can come into this body and
charge any act giving away the public lands as
an actof bad faith, and they will demand atyour
hands an appropriation of public moneys out
of the Treasury that will make whatever sum j
is to be derived under this bill; and there
fore the result will be that it is an absolute
appropriation of public moneys to the support' j
of colleges and schools in the States, and the j
fact of that appropriation will bring them
within the controlling influence and power of j
Congress. If this Government has the power ;
to support schools and colleges in the States
by the appropriation of money out of the j
Treasury, it has a right to regulate and con-
trol them ; and as soon as ever this Govern-
ment once undertakes to make regular appro- :
priations of money to the support of schools, j
of whatever character in the States, it will
not be long before it will demand it as a right
to control and regulate such schools in all
their departments.
Mr. President, it is but the beginning of the
end. We are to have this grand central Gov-
ernment monopolize all the powers of the
States, control all the local institutions of the
States, and regulate and direct them in the
interests of centralism, and to the utter subver-
sion of our republican form of Government.
I am opposed to the whole of it. I care not if
you were to propose to cover every inch of the
soil of Maryland with Spanish milled dollars for
such objects I would oppose it. I would reject
it, preferring the liberties of a people with pov-
erty than all the wealth a despotism can com-
mand and give. We ought to attend to our
own schools in the States without Federal in-
terference either in the shape of giving money
to them or in undertaking to legislate for them
in any way; we are able to do it, and the
great States of New York and Pennsylvania,
indeed the largest and the very smallest, and
very smallest sooner than the largest, ought to
have pride enough, dignity enough, judgment
enough, to reject the bribe that is now held
out to all in order ultimately to bring under
the control and within the power of the Fed-
eral Government the institutions for the educa-
tion of our children that should be dearest to-
them as States and dearest to all of us as citi-
zens than anything upon earth. Let not the
States do this one thing, yield for any consid-
eration on earth the education of the children
of her people to the Federal Government. The
last refuge of our constitutional form of Gov-
ernment as established by our fathers is in the
schools of the States, where the young mind
may still be imbued with a devotion to the
States as essential in our organic system of
government to maintain the true principles of
American liberty.
Mr. President, I am opposed to this squan-
dering of the public lands or the proceeds of
the public lands. They have been pledged
over and over again for the payment of the
public debt. I may be called a negative man,
Mr. President, for I am on this floor about
opposed to every measure that is proposed.
I desire to hold that vast public domain for
the actual settler and whatever we may get by
proper sales, so that the same may go into
the Treasury of the U nited States for the com-
mon benefit of all. I am in favor of preserv-
ing the public domain from all who would
wrest it from us for any other purpose; for
the soldiers' bounty land grants, the most pro-
digious squander and folly of the age, which has
just passed the House of Representatives. I
am always opposed to great railroad grants.
I am for preserving intact as far as I can the
public domain of the United States, that our-
selves and future generations may enjoy the
advantage which our fathers had enjoyed in
getting homes for themselves and their chil-
dren. It may be in vain, I believe it to be in
vain, but that does not make it the less my
duty to do what my judgment dictates to be
right.
Mr. STEWART. I would like to suggest
an amendment, and I move it in this form :
Provided further, That if the State of Nevada
shall so elect, a mining school may be established
instead of an agricultural college, and such school
shall receive the benefit of this act and all other acts
for the benefit of agricultural colleges in that State.
The leading pursuit of Nevada is mining.
Nevada produces more of the precious metals
than any other State or Territory in the Union,
and their great want is to have an institution
where they can have practical knowledge 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire
merely to say to the Senator from Nevada
that his amendment is entirely unnecessary.
The amount that is appropriated will enable
the Slate of Nevada to establish professorships
of mineralogy, of chemistry, and of all the
branches that are necessary for the study of
that science, and therefore it is not neces-
sary to adopt the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I think if directed to one
branch, which is the leading pursuit there, it
would be more likely to be a success. It
cannot injure the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I may add
that if this privilege be granted to one State
it may be granted to all. I hope it will be
voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say in addition to what I have said, that this
bill does not propose to establish an agricul-
tural college, and therefore it is a misnomer
to so state in the amendment. The bill pro-
poses merely to provide schools for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts.
Mr. STEWART. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Vermont that they were anxious
to establish a mining school under the former
grant, but there was not enough of it to endow
an institution with an agricultural department
and a mining department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not wish
to take up any time at this late period of the
day, for 1 desire a vote on the passage of the
bill; but the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada is entirely unnecessary.
