534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
There will be ample power to provide for all
that he desires, and it is something more than
merely a school of mines in that State.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I voted
to refer this bill to the Committee on Public
Lands. I did so without fearing that my vote
would subject me to the imputation—for such
I should consider it—of beingapposed to any
wholesome, judicious action in favor of edu-
cation. I voted to refer it to the Committee
on Public Lands, thinking that it could not be
amiss to invite one other committee of the
body, or a committee once again, to consider
whether in truth the mode of distribution here
proposed is the true one.
I should have been glad of that reconsidera-
tion, notwithstanding the argument made by
my friend before me [Mr. Patterson] and by
other Senators so unanswerable, showing that
educational resorts are not bounded or ascer-
tained by State lines, but that men from Mas-
sachusetts and from New York and other north-
ern States send their sons from preference
here or there without reference to the location
of the institution which they prefer. I admit
that argument, and I admit all that can be
said this side of extravagance in favor of the
cause of education and the duty resting upon
everybody to promote it. Therefore 1 have
for myself and for the Senator in charge of
this bill no trouble upon either of these
branches of the subject.
I have, however, another trouble, which
relates to the matter of distribution ; and the
opposition of the Senator from Vermont to
the amendment offered by the [Senator from
Nevada, I must say, strengthens the doubt
that I had as to its propriety. It is entirely
insufficient for the purpose, it does not answer
the difficulty, to say that because boys go in
this State or in that, regardless of where they
live, to be educated, therefore the whole objec-
tion to distributing by States disappears.
Here is a recognition of the necessity of dis-
tribution ; here is an attempt made to apply
a priticiple of distribution ; here is an act |
which is to speak to a far future, which under-
takes to apply these lands judiciously and
relatively to the cause of education. Now,
sir, is it true, although the youths of Rhode
Island do not remain in Rhode Island to
be educated, although they go to Yale Col-
lege to be educated, that that fact banishes
entirely the question whether Rhode Island
needs as much as New York and Ohio need
for educational endowment? Is it true that
Nevada now or for fifty years needs for agri-
cultural and mechanical education—now I
employ the language of the bill—such an
amount as is needed by the State of New
York, for example; an empire larger than
England, for it is further from Buffalo to
Montauk than from Cornwall to Northum-
berland, and there are nearly five million
people there—a nation greater than that which
Queen Elizabeth ruled ? Is it true, when you
come to the principle or the application of the
principle of distribution, that looking twenty-
five or fifty years ahead Nevada for educa-
tion in agriculture and the mechanic arts
needs as much as the Commonwealth to which
I have referred?
I am not going to argue or even to state this
question except for. the purpose of coming to
another. Let us admit that in the far reach
of a shadpwy by and by, for which we ought
to legislate, Nevada does need tuition in agri-
culture as muqh as any 8tate; let us admit
that Delaware and Ohio and New York and
Rhode Island and every other State should be
put precisely on a par ; then are we to go further
and to deny to the Senators from Nevada, for
example, the right to say that in the vast
domain which constitutes the State of Nevada,
which was once spoken of in this Chamber by
a great statesman now no more as a volcanic
desert which he said he did not want—is it
true that they upon that theater are to be
denied the right "to devote these proceeds for
the present to establishing a school for mines
and for nothing else except what contributes
to the discovery, development, and profitable
operation of mines? And yet that seems to
be the view of my honorable friend from Ver-
mont, because he confronts this amendment
offered by the Senator from Nevada. He says
it is unnecessary. Let us see.
The bill provides that in addition to the
amount realized under the "act donating
public lands to the several States which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture ,
and the mechanic arts, there is hereby appro-
priated to each State in which such colleges
nave been or may within five years from the
passage of this act be put into active operation, I
the proceeds of the sale of five hundred thou- (
sand acres of land." Now bear in mind ;
Nevada within the next five years is to locate
such an institution just as Nebraska is, as I
understand the requirement of this bill; and
I undertake to say that in Nebraska, if the
course of population, if the direction of ad-
vancement, if the interests of industry, and the j
centers of activities are to have anything to ;
do with the location of an institution of this
sort, it will be very difficult for human eye
within the next five years to foresee the place ,
where a university should stand ultimately in
Nebraska; but returning to Nevada, com-
pelled by this act within the next five years
to pick and choose the location of its univer-
sity, must it be an agricultural college where
the arts of agriculture and the mechanic arts
are taught, with the right, to be sure, as the
Senator says, to establish a professorship of
chemistry and of mineralogy and such other
professorships as they may ? And is it wise
that beginning by an absolute identity of dis-
tribution between the States we should then
caricature, as it seems to me we should, the
whole thing and require Nevada to establish
just such a university or college as Rhode
Island is to establish?
To be sure you can turn around and say,
as is said in answer to the other point, " Why,
men from Rhode Island as likely to go out to
Colorado to work mines." Certainly they are,
but I think this is fully answered by saying
that if the people of Nevada are to be pre-
sented with this benefaction, and required
within five years to set stakes where their insti-
tution is to be, the people of Nevada are a
pretty good tribunal to which to refer the ques-
tion whether they shall attempt to rear an agri-
cultural and mechanical college with a pro-
fessorship only adapted to their wants, or
whether they shall avail themselves of the
whole opportunity to educate their people in
those directions in which education is most
needed.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. If he will allow me to call
attention to the language of the act under which
these colleges are established, I think it will
remove some doubt from his mind. The de-
scription of the college established by the act
is as follows:
" Oolleges where the leading object shall be, with-
out excluding other scientific and classical studies,
and including military tactics, to teach such branches
of learning as have relation to agriculture and the
mechanic arts, in such manner as the Legislatures
of the States may respectively prescribe, in order to
promote the liberal and practical education of the
industrial classes in the several pursuits and pro-
fessions in life."
Now, I beg to ask the Senator if that lan-
guage is not comprehensive enough to cover
all the technical branches of study which per-
tain to every branch of industry in the United
States ?
Mr. CONKLING. If my sole object was
to get the vote of my friend, I would admit
his proposition, because it would take frt>m
under his feet all ground upon which he could
stand in opposing this amendment, for his
argument comes to this, that with or without
the amendment, the people of Nevada would
have this right, if I understand him. Then
I say there can be no objection whatever to
saying so in this bill. But as my honorable
friend asks me the question, not to have me
answer it for that purpese, but to invite an
expression of what I think, I say to him that
I should suppose there was very great doubt,
under the language he has read, how far a
8tate might go on, how soon it would encoun-
ter objections in going in the direction of
making a college contribute chiefly to such a
specialty as the Senator from Nevada repre-
sents. I do not undertake to say it cannot be
done. In the language which the Senator has
read, they must establish an institution for the
cultivation, without excluding other branches
of knowledge, of those arts which pertain to
agriculture and mechanics. I abbreviate it,
and give the substance of it. Now, lam not
at all sure that the State of Nevada might not
deduce from that language a license under
which she could say, " Agriculture is of no
use here; it is not important for us to know
whether we are to use silicates or lime on
the slopes of the Sierra Nevada mountains,
or on the Medicine Bow range, in order to
produce spring wheat, or winter wheat; when
we have solved that problem it will be wholly
useless to us, because we cannot, apply the
information we gain, and therefore we will
make this a school for mining." I am not
sure that she cannot say that, though I think
she could not; but when I hear the Senator
having this bill in charge confront and oppose
an amendment which is to have the effect of
construing that language so that Nevada may
establish a school of mines, then I say again
that I find fresh occasion to doubt whether
this identical and unbending mode of distrib-
uting by States is a wise one ; and if the dis-
tribution is to be by States upon an absolute
equality, not only of quantity, but compelling
States in all the varied climes and zones of this
continent to duplicate and reproduce identity
of institution, then my impression is that we
have a great deal more sameness in this legis-
lation than is likely to be valuable.
I shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, knowing that if my friend
from South Carolina is right it does no harm
in attempting to give construction to the act,
and believing if the language is not as flex-
ible as he supposes, that we manifestly ought
to make provision for t(n adaptation to soil,
climate, circumstance, and exigency of these
means which we are to put in the control of
the States for educational purposes.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to delay the
Senate, but I desire to state that in disposing
of the small grant that we had for an agricul-
tural oollege the question arose whether it
could be converted to a mining school, whether
all the resources that might be obtained from
every source could be used for that purpose,
or whether it would be a misappropriation
under the law, and there was some doubt on
that question. I believe if we had the benefit
of this proposed legislation we could get up a
mining school in Nevada that would be useful.
We should there be able to give practical illus-
tration of its utility. Beyond almost any other
part of the country Nevada is a leading min-
ing State. It produces more ore than any
other State or Territory in the United States,
and its resources are mainly mining, and they
are but very little developed yet. We have a
great future in that direction, and it is very
important that there should be a mining school
in the mining country, not only*.for teaching
mining, but for preserving the very valuable
discoveries that are occurring, having them
recorded, keeping them up. Now they often
are known in one district and not in another,
and not in any recorded shape, and so mistakes
are frequently made in different localities very
near to each other. A mining school of that
kind would be of great value to our people. I
do not think the amendment will embarrass
the bill, and I hope it will be adopted,
