.1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
interest upon the amount invested, saying
nothing about their own labor, personal super-
vision, &c. Is there a safe and competent
business man in this House who would incur
such a venture without the reasonable assur-
ance of at least that rate of earnings.
I hold in my hand a statement which I would
like to read if I had time, made by a person
who is competent and trustworthy, which
shows to my entire satisfaction, and I think to
the satisfaction of any reasonable person, that
these gentlemen for their work and investment
and capital during the last nine years have
realized less than ten per cent, in earnings.
Now I know it is not the policy of this House,
it is not the policy of this country, to ask any
contractor to do work of this kind for less
than his labor and investment are reasonably
worth. We cannot secure our work to be
well done on any other principle than that of
reasonable and just compensation.
It is alleged by the gentleman from Ohio
£Mr. Rkatty] that Colonel Clapp, the Super-
intendent of the Public Printingestablishment,
has made a calculation which shows that he
could do this work in the Government Print-
ing Office for considerably less money than
Hives & Bailey offer to do it for. But I want
the House to remember a most important
and significant fact, that, in the estimation of
Colonel Clapp of the proper cost of doing this
work, he made no account whatever of the
investment which the people have made of
their money in that printing establishment.
He charges up against it no interest upon that
investment. Millions of the people's money
are invested in that way; and if you would
make the estimate upon business principles
you must calculate interest upon that enor-
mous investment. And you must also take
into account as equally necessary to the honest
statement of any calculation the ordinary
wear and tear of the machinery, and of the
establishment itself. Taking these things into
account in favor of the proposition now sub-
mitted by Rives & Bailey, I submit, with entire
confidence in my own mind, that their propo-
sition is in its length and breadth, and in all its
particulars, reasonable and fair, honest and
just toward them and toward the country ;
and I think this Congress should adopt it. I
now yield a few minutes to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] after which I will yield
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I wish to say only
a word or two on this subject. I shall oppose,
so far as I can, the transfer of the printing of
the debates in Congress to any partisan news-
paper, or the editor of any such publication,
I do not care whether he is a Democrat or a
Bepublican. Mr. Murtagh may be the very best
Kepiiblican editor in America; but he is the
editor of a partisan newspaper, whose busi-
ness it is to please his own particular party, on
whose support he has to rely to maintain his
newspaper. _ He will have on this floor a corps
of reporters, in his pay, who will keep the views
of his particular party prominent. The mo-
ment we break down the non-partisan arrange-
ment now existing the publisher will have
Congress at his mercy, to demand whatever he
sees fit to exact; for this business of publish-
ing the debates cannot stop for an hour. I
would take the same position on this question
i Jag were a Democrat. Let me
add, also, that, as I understand, the present
publishers of the debates are Republicans but
not partisan editors.
Members of Congress have a right to be re-
ported by those who are not active partisans,
whose business it is not to present the views
of any particular set of men. If 1 am jn the
Opposition, and wish to review the report of a
speech that I have made, this Congress ought
not to require me to go to the office of the
Kepubhcan," or its editors, or any other par-
tisian establishment, which, through the col-
umns of a daily partisan press, is abusing me
and the members of the Opposition. I would
not ask gentlemen on the other side to do such
a thing.
Mr. Murtagh may, in the first instance, get
the work out of its present hands by pretend-
ing to do it for a little less than the present
cost; he may even succeed in doing it for a
little less. But that is not the great question.
Congress ought to see that its printing is done
by men who are not active in party politics,
who treat all men alike, whether they are in
the majority or in the minority.
I confess that I was gratified to read what
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] has
alluded to, the speech made in this House
on the 3d of February, 1872, by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty.] In those re-
marks, a portion of which, if there be 110
objection, 1 shall take the liberty of append-
ing to my speech, the gentleman goes on to
show that the character of the work required
is such that no man can make accurate esti-
mates for it; that the publishers must keep the
same force on hand whether the work is light
or heavy; that we may meet and adjourn one
day without doing any business, or we may sit
all day and all through the night. As the
gentleman shows, there must be kept by the
publishers a force ample to do at all times the
whole amount of work which may at any time
be required ; that this force must be kept on
hand, whether they be idle or at work ; that
there is required a class of workmen that can-
not be obtained by ordinary means; that
members of Congress often revise their
speeches after the type is set up in such a way
that the changes give the printers more work
than setting up the matter originally. And
after going over this ground, showing the non-
partisan character of the work, that the pub-
lishers and reporters do equal justice to all,
he concludes uy showing that the prices paid
for the work are low enough, possibly lower
than the work is actually worth; and that, in
this conclusion, he is sustained by all practical
printers.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a single word ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I hope there
will be no objection to allowing me to append
to my remarks that extract from the gentle-
man's speech.
Mr. BEATTY. I have no objection ; but
I wish to say that those remarks of mine refer
merely to the Daily Globe, not. to the quarto
edition, upon which the immense profit of the
publishers is made.
The remarks of Mr. Beatty, referred to by
Mr. Beok, of Kentucky, are as follows:
In the first place, the publishers are required to
employ the best corps of reporters in the world
these reporters must not only be able, amid the
contusion which so often prevails here, to catch every
word addressed to the House, but they must dress it
into shape, preserving at the same time, so far as
possible, the precise language and argument of the
speaker. We tumble into their ears oftentimes a
muddy stream, which filters through their brains
and drips from their finger-tips clear and bright.
It often sounds horribly, but they make it read tol-
erably well. Some of us are wanting in respect for
the king's English; they are not. Our eloquence and
logic are often too irresistible for grammatical re-
straints; they carefully gather the words and mar-
shal them m proper lines. Our impetuosity some-
times shoots over the idea and leaves us in the laby-
rinth of words; they clear away the redundant
rhetoric and carefully capture the idea, and put it
m its proper place. It often requires quite an effort
even for them to chase it down, and sometimes they
find the alarm was false, and that there was no idea
aiterall; but, they do their best. Occasionally weget
up and roar for an hour at the top of our voices, and
wou dhaveno listeners were it not that these patient
and long-suffering men are paid for listening. Once
m a long while wc jump to our feet, wild with indig-
nation over some reflection made upon the section
of country we have the honor in part to represent,
and throw up such a torrent of mud as might eclipse
the worst geyser on the Yellowstone. Others may
escape Jto the cloak-room and console themselves
with a cigar until thedangeris past, or fly across the
avenue and revive their spirits with a glass of Bour-
bon; but these gentlemen must stay and take it:
andrVnhnrt0i/?StChap?i-or ^eni' ,They guard, maintain,
Tht .  1? Mgrltyot the, American Congress.
ihey are well paid I hope, and should bo."
4§ * * * * * * * * * f
ses?°?s. of Congress commence at
twelve 0 clock, and about one the matter begins to
pour into the Globe office. The session may end in
an hour; in that eventone or two compositors could
put the proceedings in type. Or it may run until
midnight and require the services of fifty composi-
tors. The force of proof-renders, foreman, and com-
positors must (under the old coufract) always be suf-
ficient to dispose of fifty columns of matter, if there
be that much, before breakfast the next morning;
and if there be but an hour's work for one man, the
force must still remain the saiue, The contractor
cannot discharge and take on force at any hour.
Like a general in the field, ho must have his troops
in readiness to move at any moment. To-day a few
men on the picket line may answer every purpose,
but to-morrow the advancing columns of the enemy
may render the whole force barely sufficient for the
necessities of the hour. This force must all be re-
tained, therefore, and paid the same rate per diem
whether idle or busy. Fifty columns of matter may
any day pour into the Globe office between one
o'clock p. in. and midnight, which must be put in
type, corrected, printed, folded, and delivered to the
earliest morning mail. "We can readily understand
that this cannot be done as cheaply per column as
ordinary work, received in the ordinary way, and
affording steady employment, at regular working
hours.
"Another item which renders this work exceptional
should also be considered. Many of the speeches
are revised after they have been put in type. Mes-
sengers carry the proof-slips to all parts of the city,
between nine o'clock at night and four o'clock in
the morning, to give the authors an opportunity to
make corrections. Since the speeches were de-
livered the authors have had time to cool down, and
many sentences uttered in the heat of debate require
pruning, or possibly some additions to render them
perfectly intelligible. Sentences are therefore re-
modeled, paragraph after paragraph either stricken
out or added, and it sometimes occurs that men
make one speech and print- another, so that it very
often happens that the alterations are so great that
it is less trouble for the compositor to reset the entire
speech than to make the corrections. Even after
the matter has been transferred to the quarto form
and been stereotyped, corrections have been per-
mitted which required the resetting of type that had
been distributed, and the restereotyping of whole
pages to replace those destroyed. No ordinary rules,
therefore, or ordinary experience, can reach the
precise rate per column which will cover the cost of
this work.
" Again, the publishers of the Globe are compelled
1 to employ the best proof-readers that can be ob-
1 tained. These readers of proof must be able to fol-
[ low the argument or thought of a speech as well as
| the mere letter ; they must see that the sense is not
marred by the omission of a period, comma, or
semicolon, and this must be done late at night, and
with great rapidity, for time will not wait on much
reflection or reference. Before the city is thoroughly
awake in the morning the Globe must be ready for
distribution, and must be typographically as perfect
as under the circumstances it can possibly be made.
In view of all this I am satisfied that the price paid
for the Daily Globe has been low enough, possibly
lower than the work was actually worth, and in this
conclusion I am sustained by practical printers who
have had considerable experience, and who have
had no interest in the matter, other than a desire to
reach an honest conclusion after a thorough investi-
gation of the subject."
Mr. KERR. I now yield to the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I
have no desire to speak at any great length.
I remember this discussion about the Globe
ever since I have been here; it arises gener-
ally during every Congress, and I think about
the same discussions have usually been had.
At least twice since I have been a member,
similar propositions have been before the
House to make some large saving upon the
publication of the Globe, and I have repeat-
edly voted myself to abolish the Globe alto-
gether. If 1 were undertaking to make sav-
ings that is the way I would begin—by getting
rid of the whole system of publishing the
debates as at present, and substituting some-
thing which would be much less expensive, and
think quite as useful. But while we do not
propose anything of that sort. I think nothing
is to be gained by adopting gueh a proposition
as is now presented from the committee.
It is true enough Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man who proposes to take this says that he
will do it somewhat cheaper than it has been
done for a long time back. Well, I have
taken the pains to inquire of gentlemen well
informed on this subject, which f myself am
not, and they tell me no man can do it wish
a fair profit for anything less than the Globe
people are now doing it for. In fact we have
settled down on the present contract after a
great many negotiations and efforts 011 this
subject, and I think on the whole it has proved
satisfactory.
