38Y3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter,
Senate.
considered the Legislature of the State. The
power in the Senate to inquire into the elec-
tion of its members includes, of necessity, the
power to determine whether the body electing
was competent to elect. We therefore have
.jurisdiction of the latter question; and if the
Senate shall adopt the conclusions arrived at
hy the committee, it will then be determined
that there is no lawful Legislature in that
State.
Both Kellogg and McEnery have appealed
to the President for recognition. The whole
subject, therefore, is before the political de-
partment of the Federal Government, and
your committee are of opinion that there is no
State government existing in that State and
that neither Ray nor McMillen is entitled to a
seat in this body.
This proposition I shall consider more fully
hereafter. But for the present, assuming it to
be true, what is the duty of the United States
in the premises ?
The Constitution provides that " the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government."
Bearing in mind that the Constitution is only
an enumeration of the subjects confided to the
national jurisdiction, and does not, like a
code of procedure, attempt to regulate in
detail the manner in which the powers of
the General Government shall bn exercised,
and that the Constitution deals, not with
names and fictions, but with substances and
realities, it can require no argument to show
what this provision was intended to secure.
Manifestly, two things: first, a government,
and second, a government republican in form.
But what is the meaning of the phrase "re-
publican in form?" In a very narrow and
restricted sense it maybe said that the form of
a State government is determined by the State
constitution. Bat it is evident that the mere
form of a government, that is, the government
as it appears on paper, may be republican and
yet it may be so administered as to be anti-
republican. Take, for instance, the govern-
ment of Wisconsin, which is at present repub-
lican both in form and fact; but suppose
those who are administering its legislative, ju-
dicial, and executive powers should by collu-
sion, fraud, and force hold over beyond the
term of their respective offices, frustrating all
attempts of the people to elect their successors,
manifesting an intention to hold their offices
during life in disregard and defiance of the
public will ? Such government would no longer
be republican, because it would lack that essen-
tial element of republican government that it
must exist by the legally ascertained will of
the people. And when this condition no longer
exists the government is no longer republican.
History informs us that Augustus by eimu-
latgig the forms and methods of a republic,
established a despotism, which Julius Caesar
had been unable to establish by force. The
constitution of a State is not the government
of a State; but the man or men who in a State
exercise the powers and functions of sover-
eignty, make laws and administer them, col-
lect taxes and hang criminals, and to whom
the people render habitual obedience, consti-
tute the government of such State. Govern-
ment is not a fiction, but a fact; and this pro-
vision of the Federal Constitution makes it
our duty to guaranty, that is, take care or
see to it, that the government which actually
exists in a State is republican in character.
Otherwise, a body of men might in Wisconsin
set up in fact a despotism, and yet evade the
superintending power of the Federal Govern-
ment by carefully preserving the parchment
copy of the discarded constitution. To de-
termine whether a government is republican
or otherwise, we must inquire into the fact
whether it rests upon the consent of the peo-
ple. If it does not, it is not republican.
Again, the duty imposed on us bjr the Con-
stitution, although exceedingly delicate and
only to be exercised when absolutely neces-
sary, is imperative when the case arises
which calls for its exercise. It would be as
reprehensible not to exercise this power in the
proper case as it would be to exercise it in an
improper case. There is nothing in all this
conflicting with State rights, because the
States for their own protection have conferred
this power upon us and one State right is to
have the power exercised when a case arises
which requires its exercise. The Senator
from Indiana has sounded an alarm. He says
if such power exists in the General Govern-
ment the States may be destroyed. Undoubt-
edly they may be an abuse of the power; so
they might be destroyed by an abuse of the
very provision we are considering. Congress
might to-day declare that the State govern-
ment of Massachusetts is not republican and
proceed to establish one there which they
might determine to be so. But, as Chief
Justice Marshall said many years ago, that
a power may be abused is no argument against
its existence, for there never was a power that
might not be abused. The States rely upon
the integrity of those who administer the pow-
ers of our Government, and thus far they have
not reposed their confidence in vain. If there
is in Louisiana a government, that is, a gov-
erning body of men chosen by the people for
that purpose and acting within the limitations
of power imposed by the people, then that
fovernment must be recognized as the lawful
tate government and be protected by the
power of the Union. On the other hand if
no such government can be found there, then
the State has no republican government and
it becomes our duty to take the proper steps to
establish one.
I come now to consider the question, has
Louisiana a republican government? It has
a constitution, which, in the panic of our anx-
iety to see the rebellious States once more at
the national board, we have pronounced to be
republican. If that constitution were to be
subjected to a critical examination, many of
its provisions might be regarded as objection-
able. But it, is too late to consider that ques-
tion. We must for the purposes of this debate
regard that constitution as republican. Let
me now refer to the provisions of the consti-
tution and laws of that State regulating general
elections.
The constitution of that State, article forty-
six, provides:
" Returns of all elections for members of the Gen-
eral Assombly shall bo made to the secretary of
State."
The constitution, title three, executive de-
partment, article forty-eight, provides as fol-
lows :
" The supreme exocutive power of the State shall
bevestedin acliiel magistrate, whoshall bostylod the
Governor of the State of Louisiana, Ilo shall hold
his office during tho term of four years, and, together
with the Lieutenant Governor elected for the same
term, bo clected us follows: Tho qualifiod electors
for representatives shall vofe for Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor at tho time find placo for voting for
representatives: the returns of every eleotion shall bo
aoaled up and transmitted by tho proper returning
officer to tho secretary of Stato, who shall deliver
them to thespeakerof tho house otreprcsentativeson
the secondUay ot thesession of thcGeneralAsscmbly
then to be holden. Tho members of the Goncral
Assembly shall meet in the house of representatives
to examine and countthe votes. The person having
the greatest number of votes for Governor shall be
declared duly elected; but incase of a tie vote be-
tween two or moro candidates, ono of them snail be
immediately chosen Governor by joint voto ot tho
members of the General Asssembly. Tho person
having tho greatest number of votes polled for Lieu-
tenant Governor shall be Lieutenant Governor; but
in ease oi a tie between two or more candidates, one
of them shall bo immediately chosen Lieutenant
Governor by joint vote ofthe members oftho General
Assembly."
Article sixty provides as follows :
"He (the Governor) shall nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the senate, appoint
all officers whose offices are established by the con-
stitution, and whose appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for: Provided, however. That the
Goneral Assembly shall hare a right to prescribe
the mode of appointment to all other offices estab-
lished by law.'
Afl act of the Legislature, approved March
16, 1870, provides as follows:
"Sec. 29. Be it further enacted, &c.t That in any
parish, precinct, ward, city, or town, in which dur-
ing the time of registration or revision of registra-
tion, or on any day of election, there shall be any
riot, tumult, acts of violence, intimidation, armed
disturbance, bribery, or corrupt influences, at any
place within said parish, or at or near any poll, or
voting place, or place of registration or revision or
registration, which riot, tumult, acts of violence* in-
timidation, armed-disturbance, bribery, or corrupt
influences shall prevent, or tend to prevent, a fair,
free, peaceable, and full vote of all the qualified
electors of said parish, procinct, ward, city, or town,
it shall be the duty ofthe commissioners of election,
if such riot, tumult, acts of violence, intimidation,
armed disturbance, bribery, or corrupt influences!
occur on the day of election, or of the supervisor of
registration, or any assistant supervisor of registra-
tion of tho parish, if they occur during the time of
registration or revision of registration, to make a
duplicate, and under oath, a clear and full state-
ment of all tho facts relating thereto, and of the
effect produced by such riot, tumult, acts of violence,
intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery, or corrupt
influences, in preventing a fair, free, peaceable, and
full registration or election, and of the number of
qualified electors deterred by such riot, tumult, acts
of violence, intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery
or corrupt influences, from registering or voting,
which statement shall also bo corroborated, under
oath, by tbreo respectable citizens, qualified electors
ofthe parish. , , . .
" When such statement is made by a commissioner
of eleotion orassistant supervisor of registration, he
shall forward both copies to tho supervisor of regis-
tration immediately on the^ close of the election.
Tho supervisor of registration shall forward one
copy of all such statemonts, whether made by him-
self or by a commissioner of eleotion, or by an as-
sistant supervisor of registration, to the Governor,
and shall doposit one copy with the clerk of the dis-
trict court of the parish. „
" Stco. 53. Bq it further enacted, &c., That immedi-
ately upon the close of tho polls on tho day of elec-
tion, tho commissioners of election at each poll or
voting placo shall seal tho ballot-box by pasting
slips of paper over tho key-hole and tho opening in
the top thereof, and fastening the same with seal-
ing-wax, on which they shall impress a seal, and
they shall write the names of tho commissioners on
tho said slips of paper; they shall forthwith convey
tho ballot-box so sealed to the office ot, and deliver
said ballot-box to, the supervisor of registration tor
the parish, who shall keep his office open for that
purpose from tho hour of the close ot the eloctioa
until all tho votes from the several polls or voting
places of the precinct shall have been, received
and counted. The supervisor of registration shall,
immediately upon the receipt of said ballot-box,
note its condition and the state of the seals and
fastenings thereof, and shall then, in the presence
of the commissioners of election and threo citizens,
freeholders of tho parish for such poll or voting-
place. open tho ballot-box and count tho ballots
therein and make a list of all the names of the per-
sons and offices voted for, the number of votes for
each person, the number of ballots in tho box, and
tho number of ballots rejected, and the reason there-
for. Said statements shall be made m triplicate, and
each copy thereof shall bo signed and sworn to by
the commissioners of election of the poll and by tho
supervisor of registration. As soon as the supervisor
of registration shall have made the statement above
provided for, for each poll in his precinct or parish,
audit shall have boen sworn to and subscribed as
above directed, the supervisor of registration shall
inclose in an envolopo of strong paper or cloth,
securely sealed, one copy ot such statement from,
each poll and ono copy of the list of persons voting
at each poll, and one copy of any statements as to
violence or disturbance, bribery or corruption, or
other offenses specified in section twenty-nine of this
act, if any there be, together with all memoranda and
tally-lists used in making the count and statement
of the votes, and shall send such package by mail,
properly and plainly addressed, to the Governor of
the State. The supervisor of registration shall send
a second copy of said statement to the Governor of
the Stato by tho next most safe and speedy mods
of conveyance, and shall retain the third copy m
his own possession, , n
"Sec Be it further enacted, &e., That the Gov-
ernor, tho Lieutenant Governor, the secretary of
State, and John Lynch, and T. C. Anderson, or a
majority of them, shall be the returning officers for
all elections in the State, a majority oi whom shall
constitute a quorum, and huve power to make the
returns of all elections. In case of any vacancy by
death, resignation, or otherwise by cither of the
board, then the vacancy shall be filled by the residue
of the board of returning officers. The returning
officers shall, after each election, before entering
upon their duties, take and subscribe to the toliwing
oath before a judge of the supreme or any district
i! A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will
