1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
Now, if wo adopt the proposition here, what
is to be the result of it? Certain gentlemen, if
you please, wish to break up our arrangement
with the Globe. They do not like it for cer-
tain reasons of their own;—I will not say what
they are—perhaps I do not know what they
are—but I see certain surroundings about it
which make me think that it has perhaps in it
something beside the interest of the public.
At all events I do not like the direction in
which it looks, at least a part of it. Now
these gentlemen may be satisfied to lose
money a little in order that they may break up
the present arrangement and get the whole
thing, knowing well that being right here upon
the ground, partisans of the party expected to
hold power, if they find it is not so lucrative
as they hoped it would be—and perhaps they
know now it, will not be—they will find 110
difficulty hereafter in remedying that.
Indeed, how many contractors come before
my own Committee of Claims asking Congress
to give relief because on their contracts there
have been losses. How earnestly they plead
that the Government of the United States is
altogether too great and just and generous a
Government to wish to get anything out of
anybody it does not pay for. So to relieve
gentlemen of the difficulty in which they find
themselves we not only perhaps relieve them,
but give abundantly more than anybody^would
have thought of giving them in the first place.
First, kill ofFthe enemy who is willing to do the
business at a reasonable price and who has
done it at a reasonable price enough hereto-
fore, get him out of the way and then there
will be no one to compete with at all; and
then these gentlemen can show they have the
only means to do it with and are the only
persons coming before Congress and they will
say " we must make something ; wo cannot
afford to go on and make nothing at all." They
will ask us to raise the price and even to do
something better for them than was ever done
before. Perhaps nothing of that kind will
occur, but it looks very much in that direc-
''^have in my own mind settled down on the
old rule which I notice in a speech of the late
Senator Fessenden made in the other end of
the Capitol on this same question. He says it
is a very good rule—and I think he was not
the inventor of the idea to let well enough
alone. I ask gentlemen in this House whether
the Globe hasnotbeen satisfactorily published?
It is non-partisan; perhaps that is not & popu-
lar idea, but it has a little popularity with me.
It is non-partisan entirely, and gentlemen on
every side of the House feel as if they were
at liberty to go to the Globe and assured ot
the fairest consideration. Nobody suspects
them of belonging to this side or that side ot
the House, or that they will do anything m
favor of this side or that side. 1 he Globe is
well printed ; it has been promptly done, and
' I think the House is entirely satisfied with it.
Now that being the case, it seems hardly desir-
able to make a change in that regard. 1 am
inclined to stand by the contract as it has been
on the proposition the Globe men have made.
I am satisfied with it. I do not see we are
likely to accomplish anything for the e°uQtry
by doing otherwise. I do not go into the cal-
culation that a little saving might take place
under another proposition. It may be, so, but
I doubt it a good deal. As I stated before I
do not go into that; I desire simply to express
my opinion that so far as my observation has
gone, the work has been done satisfactorily by
the Globe, and well done, and I believe the
amount of profit made is no ^ater than busi-
ness men ordinarily make and ought to make,
and so believing I desire to stand by that side
°f Jh? IcERb" I now yield to my colleague,
of Indiana. I shall not
consume much time on this question. av
a very little to say m regard to it. The tact
that we invited bids for this work may to some
extent be considered as committing us to the
policy of letting it to the lowest bidder. Still
I do not regard it as such a committal that
we may not recede from it properly and hon-
orably, if we determine on reflection that we
ought to do so.
Now, sir, for one, I am opposed to bandy-
ing about this matter of printing the congres-
sional debates from any mere consideration of
a few dollars saved, more or less, or from any
merely partisan or merely personal considera-
tion. I have the impression, and have always
had that impression since my mind has been
directed to the subject, that there ought to be
some degree of permanency in this matter of
publishing the debates of Congress ; that the
same house, the same establishment, ought to
print these debates so long as they are able to
do so; and so long as they will do so upon
what Congress may consider fair and reason-
able terms. ,
Why, sir, in the office of the Congressional
Globe", where our debates are now published,
they have the stereotype plates of every num-
ber of the Globe that has been issued, com-
mencing back at the time when the debates
were first published by the Globe, in 1833,
,•1     £rv*.tTThis
UJ.OU v. ~ j «  '
until now, a period of about forty years, ihis
Globe establishment has money actually in-
vested to the amount of more than $100,000
in the metal constituting these stereotype plates
alone. And these stereotype plates have be-
come an important part of the archives of this
Government. In half an hour's time, I am
informed, upon inquiry—and I have been try-
ing to investigate that branch of the subject a
little—in half an hour's time the proprietors
of the Globe establishment can find any speech
delivered by any gentleman in Congress within
the last forty years, on any political subject, as
published in the Globe.
Now, it is not proposed, as T understand it,
that if anybody else shall receive the contract
for the publication of the debates of the two
Houses of Congress he shall purchase or ac-
quire or have any control over the stereotype
plates relating to what has occurred during
the past forty years.
Mr. BEATTY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will ask him this question: has the
Government now any control over these stereo-
type plates? ,
Mr; NIBLACK, of Indiana. Ihey have as
much control over them as this, that they are
in the hands of the gentlemen who publish the
debates of Congress, and are most ready and
willing at all times, as it is their interest to do,
to furnish any information in regard to them,
or to furnish the use of them for a reasonable
compensation. •
Mr. BEATTY. And so they will have if
the work is transferred to another office.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. That does not
follow by any means. If we give the publish-
ing of the debates to another establishment, it
will amount in all probability to the dissolu-
tion of the present establishment, or its trans-
ference to other proprietors for other purposes
than the publication of the debates of Con-
gress. And accordingly, this letting out the
publication of the debates to the lowest bidder
—I do not care who the person may be ; 1 have
no feelings against Mr. Murtagh ; all I know
of him is in his favor—but letting out the pub-
lication to the lowest bidder, to him, or any-
body else, destroys that character of perma-
nency which I think is desirable m this matter.
Mr. W. K, ROBERTS. If the gent eman
will allow me to offer a suggestion, I would say
that I judge, by the line of his argument, he
believes this work should be kept perpetually
in the present hands.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I do not
mean that. I am obliged to the gentleman tor
directing my attention to that point. 1 mean
this- that, "so long as these gentlemen will
publish these debates for what Congress may
deem to be a fair compensation, and Congress
being in a position to a great extent to dic-
tate terms to them, we should allow them to
do so". Whenever they shall decline to pub-
lish the debates for what we consider a proper
compensation under the circumstances, then
of course from the very necessity of things
we will have to look to others to undertake
the work.
I am informed that this proposed contract
with Mr. Murtagh does not include anything
in regard to stereotyped plates.
Mr. BEATTY. Ana the contract with
Eives & Bailey never did. If you were mak-
ing a contract to build a house you would not
put a provision in the contract requiring that
the mechanic should use a hammer to.drive the
nails.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I refer to
the fact that I understand the Committee on
Printing, in their negotiation with Mr. Murtagh
in this business, did not include this matter of
stereotyping.
Mr. BEATTY. They cannot do the work
without stereotyping.
Mr. NIBJjACK, of Indiana. Well, if lam
correctly informed, the bid of Murtagh is
below what he can actually properly do the
work for, and therefore I am compelled to
come to the conclusion that if he is allowed
to take the contract we will have before us
next session, or the session following, some
proposition for his relief, some subsidy, some-
thing or other which will go to make up the
loss he is likely to sustain. Now, the printing
of these debates is no trivial matter. 1 under-
stand that Messrs. Rives & Bailey have an
actual capital invested in this work of $350,000.
Mr. BEATTY. How much?
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Three hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. BEATTY. And the Government paid
them for every stereotyped plate they made.
Those plates never cost them one cent.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Are the plates
not the private property of Messrs. Rives &
Bailey?
Mr KERR. The gentleman ought not to
try to mislead the House. The Government
did not make these plates and give them to
them. They make their plates themselves in
the ordinary course of their business, and they
remain their property just as much as their
presses. They were made by themselves and
for their own use, and have them on their
hands to the amount of over $100,000.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. One remark
more and I shall close. I am opposed to ex-
perimenting ifi a great matter like this. ^ 1 act
on the principle of letting well alone, without
taking any risk, unless we have better reasons
than wc now have for being dissatisfied with
the present arrangement.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday
last I reported from the Committee on Print-
ing the bill under consideration to provide tor
reporting and publishing the debates. I stated
then that the present contract would expire
on 4th of March next; that the committee
.had advertised for proposals; that the lowest
bidder was W. J. Murtagh ; that he proposed
to do the work for $227,000 less per Congress
than it is now being done for; or, in other
words, that the Government would save
$227,000 per Congress by transferring this work
from the office of Rives & Bailey to that ot
W. J. Murtagh. I also stated that Murtagh
stood ready to give a bond for $100,000, with
good security, to be forfeited in case he [ailed
to execute the work in accordance with the
terms of his proposal and to the satisfaction
of Congress. I also stated that he would bind
himself to employ the present corps of report-
ers, and pay them precisely the same rates
thev are now getting from Rives & Bailey.
also stated that the estimate of the Congres-
sional Printer for doing this work was $197,000
less per Congress than we are now paying
Rives & Bailey for doing ^Lt^^h?P*opof?,1
of Ladd & Towers was $116,000 less. All
