200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2Tj,
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....3d
faithfully and diligently perform the duties of a
returning officer as prescribed by law; that X will
carefully and honestly oarivass and compile the
statements of the votes, and make a true and correct
return of the election: So help me God. "
' Within ten days after the closing of the election,
said returning officers shall meet in New Orloans to
canvass and compile the statements of votes made
by the supervisors of registration, and makereturns
oi the election to the secretary of State. They shall
continue in session until such returns have been
completed. The Governor shall at such meeting
open, m the presence of the said returning officers,
the statements of the supervisors of registration,
and the said returning officers shall, from said state-
ments, canvass and compile the returns of the elec-
tion in duplicate. One copy of such returns they
shall file in the office of the secretary of State, and
of one copy they shall make public proclamation by
printing in the official journal and such other news-
papers its they may deem proper, declaring tho
names of all persons and offices voted for, the num-
ber of votes for each person, and the names of the
persons who have been duly and lawfully elected.
The returns of tho oleetions thus made and promul-
gated shall be prima facie evidence in all courts of
justice and before all civil officers until set aside,
after a contest according to law, of the right of any
person named therein to hold and exercise the
office to which he shall by such returns be declared
elected.
"The Governor shall within thirty days there-
after issue commissions to all officers thus declared
elected who are required by law to be commissioned.
Sec. 55. Be it further enacted, dc., That in such
canvass and compilation the returning officers shall
observe the following order: they shall compile first
the_ statements from all polls or voting places at
which there shall have been a fair, free, and poace-
able registration and election. Whenever from any
poll or voting place thero shall be received the
statement of any supervisor of registration, assist-
ant supervisor of registration, or commissioner of
election, in form as required by section twenty-nine
of this act, on affidavit of three or more citizens, of
any riot, tumult, acts of violence, intimidation,
armed disturbance, bribery, or corrupt influences,
which prevented or tended to prevent a fair, free,
and peaceable and full vote of all qualified electors
entitled to vote at such poll or voting place, such re-
turning offioers shall not canvass, count, or compile
the statement of votes from such poll or voting place
until the statements from all other polls or voting
places shall have been canvassed and compiled. The
returning officers shall then proceed to investigate
tile statements of riot, tumult, acts of violence, in-
timidation, armed disturbance, bribery, or corrupt
influences at any such poll or voting place, and
if trom the evidence of such statements they shall
be convinced that such riot, tumult, acts of vio-
lence, intimidation, armed disturbance, bribery, or
corrupt influences did not materially interfere with
the purity and treedom of tho election at such poll
or voting-place, or did not provont asufficientnum-
ber of qualified voters thereat from registering or
voting to materially change the result of tile elec-
tion, then, and not otherwise, said returning officers
shall canvass and compile the vote of such poll or
. voting place with those previously canvassed and
compiled; but if said returning officers shall not be
fully satisfied thereof, it shall bo their duty to ex-
amine further testimony in regard thereto, and to
this end they shall have power to send for persons
and papers. If, after such examination, the said
returning officers shall bo convinced that said riot,
tumult, acts of violence, intimidation, armed dis-
turbance, bribery, or corrupt influences did materi-
ally interfere with the purity and freedom of tho
election at such poll or voting place, or did prevent
a sufficient number of the qualified electors thereat
from registering and voting, to materially change
tho result of the election, then the said returning
officers shall not canvass or compile the statement
of the votes of such poll or voting place, but shall
exclude it from their returns. The returning officers
may appoint sueh clerks as may be necessary, for a
length of time not to exceed thirty days, who shall
be paid five dollars per day each for the time actually
served, which time shall be specified in a written
account, subscribed and sworn to by such clerk, and
approved by the returning officers. The auditor of
public accounts shall issuo his warrant upon the
treasury for the amount of such account so sub-
scribed and sworn to and approved.
"Sec. 56. Be it further enacted, <£e., That it
shall be the duty of the secretary of State to trans-
mit to the clerk of the house of representatives
and the secretary of the senate of the last General
Assembly a list of the names of such persons as,
according to the returns, shall have been elected to
either branch of the General Assembly; and it shall
be the duty of said clerk and secretary to place the
names of the representatives and senators-elect, so
furnished, upon the roll of the house and of the
senate, respectively; and those representatives and
senators whose names arS so placed by the clork
and secretary, respectively, in accordance with the
foregoing provisions, and none other, shall be com-
petent to organize the house of representatives or
senate. Nothing in this act shall be construed_ to
conflict with article thirty-four of the constitution
of the State.
" SEC. 57. Be it further enacted, &c., That should
any of tho returning officers named in this act be a
candidate for any office at any election, he shall be
disqualified to apt as returning officer for that eleo-
tion, and a majority of the remaining returning
officers shall summon some respectable citizen to act
fuming offioer in plaee of the one so disqual-
ified."
This act conflicts with the constitution in
several of its provisions. The constitution'
provides that the returns shall be made to the
secretary of State; the act provides that they
shall be made to the Governor. The consti-
tution requires that the secretary of State
shall keep the returns until the second day of
the next Legislature, ana then deliver them to
the speaker of the house of representatives,
and that both houses shall meet "to examine
and count the votes." The act provides that
the Governor shall open the returns in pres-
ence of a canvassing board created by the act,
consisting of the Governor, Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, and secretary of State, and John Lynch
and T. 0. Anderson; and that said board shall
make the examination and count. This act,
in so far as it names Lynch and Anderson to
fill for life an office created by the act, con-
flicts with another provision of the State con-
stitution in regard to appointments to office.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. As I do not wish to be
under the necessity of replying at length, I
desire to call the attention of the Senator to
the provisions of the constitution. The con-
stitution provides that the votes for members
of the Legislature shall be returned by the re-
turning officer to the secretary of State ; but
all the machinery is left to be provided by law.
Who is to be returning officer is to be provided
by law, and the Governor of the State is made
one of the returning officers. The Legislature
is to provide all the machinery, and by the law
the vote is to go into the hands of the Governor
as one of the returning officers, and be by him
laid before the canvassing board, and they
shall then deposit the votes, together with their
finding, with the secretary of State as provided
by the constitution.
Mr. HOWE. Ig the returning officer an
officer existing under the constitution, oris he
an officer created by the statute ?
Mr. MORTON. Created by the statute
entirely. The constitution makes no provision
to constitute returning officers.
Mr. CARPENTER. The suggestion of the
Senator from Indiana is, as all his suggestions
are, exceedingly specious, but it is not, like
many of his suggestions, exceedingly sound.
He suggests a cunning way to evade the plain
provisions of the constitution. Where the
constitution says the returning officer of every
election shall transmit the returns of the bal-
lots given to the secretary of State sealed up,
and he shall keep them until the seconclfday
of the meeting of the Legislature, and then
deliver them to the speaker of the house of
representatives, and that they shall then pro-
ceed to examine and count them, it is impos-
sible for the Senator to maintain that that
provision of the constitution is satisfied by a
law which provides that the returns shall be
sent to the Governor and be opened by him
and canvassed by five men named in the act.
Mr. MORTON. I simply wish to say that
the Senator's argument would prevent the
organization of the Legislature at all. His
argument is that the votes of the State must
be sent to the secretary of State and by him
laid before the Legislature on the second day
of its session. Well, the Legislature must
first get together, and for that purpose the
votes must be counted by somebody to determ-
ine who are to take the seats there, and the
law provides that the Governor and the sec-
retary of State shall do this.
Mr. HOWE. The return of votes given for
members of the Legislature is a different
return from that of votes given for Governor.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; but I thought
he was speaking of the Legislature.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am speaking of the
vote for Governor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope my friends on
the other side of the Chamber will keep in
mind that it is quite impossible for us, how-
ever desirous we may be, to hear their con-
versation or discussion carried on in so low a
tone.
Mr. MORTON. I simply wish to suggest
that the votes are all in one return, and the
vote must first be counted by somebody before
the Legislature can be organized. Then the
votes for Governor and Lieutenant Governor
are to be laid before the Legislature on the
second day of its session. The fact that these
votes first pass through the hands of return-
ing officers created by the statute does not at
all affect the validity of the action. That
law has passed under the supervision of the
supreme court, and I believe no exception has
been taken by anybody in Louisiana, at least
so far as I know, to the constitutionality of
the law. The objection to the machinery of
the law I think has first been made in Wash-
ington.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the machinery for
executing a constitutional provision violates
the express language of the constitution itself,
the machinery is unconstitutional. The con-
fiict between this act and the provisions of the
constitution are manifest, and no ingenuity
can reconcile them.
But, apart from the conflict between the act
and the constitution, we all know the circum-
stances under which, and the purpose for
which, this act was passed. It is always un-
pleasant, in discussing a grave question like
this, to be compelled to refer to individuals.
But in this case it is necessary to do so, if we
would appreciate this act.
There is in Louisiana, and has been forsev-
eral years, a very remarkable young man, dig-
nified in mien, of elegant presence, and agree-
able conversation: a man full of resources,
political and social—gallant, daring, and with
a genius for politics; such a man as would
rise to power in any great civil disturbance,
embodying in himself the elements of revolu-
tion, and delighting in the exercise of his
natural gifts in the midst of political excite-
ment. He was elected Governor of that State
in 1808, and he has so mingled and com-
mingled, jumbled and confused the sovereign
powers distributed among different branches
of the goverment, that it is next to impossible
to distinguish head or tail in the transactions
over which he has exercised official control.
He has appointed and removed judges at
pleasure; passed laws and repealed them;
revived old and extinguished new laws; and
ruled the people of that State according to^iis
own caprice. In fact, he has been the gov-
erning power of the State of Louisiana since
1868. Wishing to perpetuate his power and
secure reelection—an ambition not confined
entirely to the Governors of States—he secured
the passage of this law, which conferred upon
him absolute mastery of the situation in the
election which should determine the choice
of his successor.
Mr. President, it would be very entertaining
had I the time to dwell upon the manner in
which he has controlled that State, and I can-
not resist the temptation of giving you a glimpse
of the despotic power he has so long exercised.
It is provided by the constitution of that State,
at least the constitution is so construed there,
that all bills passed by the Legislature and re-
ceived by the Governor during the last five
days of the session may be approved by him
during the subsequent recess of the Legisla-
ture, or he may veto them on the first day of
the next session. This has enabled Governor
Warrnoth, who has at all times moved mem-
