536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januui y 13,
the part of the act to which the Senator
referred relating to military instruction. There-
tore we are now about to vote with an assur-
ance bjr one of the Senators from Vermont in
general terms that it is unnecessary, and upon
the assurance of the other that he thinks it is
unnecessary because the act might now be so
construed, and he fears that picking out one
respect as applicable to one State, and saying
thai the act shall mean a certain thing, might
hereafter cramp other States when they came
to require special applications of this fund.
Now, I say that these suggestions taken to-
gether couvince me that the bill ought to be
revised, either by the Senate or by a commit-
tee, and so made that the Senator from Cali-
fornia would not rest under the impression
that an amendment is necessary to fit his
State, nor the Senator from Nevada rest under
a similar impression.
I shall vote for the amendment, and I will
then vote for any amendment which the Sen-
ator from Vermont or his colleague may offer
extending it to special cases in other States.
I submit that the amendment ought not to be
voted upon on the idea that the bill as it stauds
is such that it would carry some implication as
to other States which would require a further
amendment or the adaptation of other lan-
guage of the bill to prevent it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from New
York has mistaken the reading of the founda-
tion act. He Bays it is to give instruction in
the agricultural and mechanic arts.
Mr. CONKLING. No: my friend will par-
don me, I referred to the bill, which I bor-
rowed of the Secretary and read; this bill; I
have not looked at the original act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This bill that we have
here now is merely providing additional re-
sources for the objects contemplated by the
original foundation of the fund. We must
refer, therefore, to the original foundation of
the fund to ascertain what a State may law-
fully and honorably do with this money when
she gets it Let us see. The States are to
devote it—
" To the endowment, support, and maintenance of
at least one college, where the leading object shall
be, without excluding other scientific and classical
studies, and includiug military tactics, to teach
such branches of learning iu* are related to agricul-
ture auil the mechanic art*, iu audi manner as the
Legislatures ot the Mates luay respectively pre-
scribe."
Su that you make a foundation which com-
prehends all scientific and classical studies;
und it comprehends also specially devotion
to those branches of learning that may be
related to agriculture and related to the me-
chanic arts. Now, I should be glad to have
some professor of a college, or my friend
from New York, who is a great deal better,
point out to me how it is if you furnish a fund
which is to be devoted to such branches of
learning as are related to the mechanic arts
and also devoted to other scientific branches
of learning, that you have not a foundation
broad enough to allow the State of New York
or the State of Nevada to appropriate just as
much of this money as in honor and conscience
it thinks it right to do, to instruct people in
those branches of learning which would en-
able them to teach the art of miniug or to
carry it on. There it stands. It does not
appear to me that looked at fairly by people
who do not begin, coming from some great
State, with a little constitutional, unconscious
prejudice against the whole thing, it can be
maintained that this bill is cramping the State [
of Nevada in the development of the special 1
industry which belongs to that State, and in
which, of coarse, the country has the same >
profound interest that it has in every other
branch of industry, because it is to show men i
how to apply their faculties to productions of 1
every kind that these funds are granted at all.
My objection, as 1 said, to this amendment
is that instead of enlarging the power of the
State of Nevada it really cramps it and cor-
ners it down in a way that the original found-
ation did not intend to do.
Mr. THUilMAN. I think it is obvious this
bill cannot be passed this afternoon. 1 move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask my friend to with-
draw that motion a moment that I may say a
word in reply to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood the Sen-
ator from Vermont to give an invitation to
all persons disposed to accept it, whether pro-
fessors of colleges or not, to show how it could
be under this act that any State would be pre-
vented from doing what Nevada wants to do.
Owing to the generality of that invitation I
feel at liberty to to accept it myself, and I will
state to the Senator what occurs to me at first
blush on reading this statute. Let us see what
it is :
"And the interest of which shall be inviolably
appropriated, by each State which may take and
claim the benefit of this act, to the endowment,
support, and maintenance of at least one college
where the leading object shall be, without excluding
other scientific and classical studies, and including
military tactic?, to teach such branches of learning
a£ are related to agriculture and the mechanic arts."
I have two or three observations to make
upon that language. In the first place, here
is to be one college where other scientific
studies generally are not to be excluded,
where classical studies are not to be exclud-
ed, where military tactics are necessarily to
be taught. I stop there to consider whether
under that enabling act the custodian and
trustee of this fund may devote it solely to the
maintenance of a school of mines. Expressly
they have no right to exclude classical studies ;
expressly they have no right to exclude other
scientific studies ; expressly they have no right
to exclude military education, and how, within
the domain of law and reason, I submit, can
the question arise whether in the teeth of these
words they have a right to establish a school
which shall exclude them all and be devoted
wholly to that education which pertains to
mines?
Mr. THURMAN. Not expressly they shall
not exclude military instruction, but expressly
they shall include it.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that; but
I inn .so putting it. lint that is not all of the
si at lite liy any means. Let, us go a little fur-
ther ; let me read it, leaving out the interme-
diate words, so as to bring things together;
" And maintenance of at least ono college where
the leading object shall be to teach such branches
of learning as are related to agriculture and the
mechanic arts."
1 think I have shown, merely by re .ding the
statute, that they cannot exclude classics, mil-
itary education, and other scientiiic studies.
Now I come under the words I hav ; just read,
to inquire, can they exclude agriculture? It is
not to such branches as relate to agriculture or
the mechanic arts, but they must teach those
branches which relate to agriculture and the
mechanic arts, and these must be the "leading
object." Now, if California says, " there is
nothing down the slope of this water-shed of
the continent which invites us to inquire into
the chemistry which will show a man how to
enrich the soil ; we do not want to know how
to raise spring wheat or winter wheat, or rye,
or barley, because, in the first place, they will
not grow ; and in the next place, we have no
time to attend to them ; this is a volcanic re-
gion ; we want to go into the bowels of the earth
and dig for saltpeter," if you please, nothing
else, is it true that they can establish a school
in which to nurture and cultivate the youth of
Nevada so as to make their scent for silver and
saltpeter as keen and scientific as it can be made?
I should have now, after looking at the
statute, not a particle of doubt about this if
my honorable friend from Vermont had not
cast some doubt upon it by the way he treats
it; and I say now, in the light of his ex-
planation and of his reading of the words
which I have ventured again to read to the _
Senate, it is entirely clear that this means a"
university, a place where, in the language of
Ezra Cornell, which is engraved upon the
medallion that belongs to the Cornell Univer-
sity, every student may learn something of
every branch of human knowledge which is
taught in any school on earth. That is the
meaning of this act—to establish universi-
ties, to have a pantology of education, not a
school of mines, not a specialty, not a place
where men may become wise in that sense that
John Randolph meant when he said, '"Beware
of a man who reads but one book," but where
he may read all books, where in the language
of Lord Coke he may learn not only multum
but multa. That is what that means.
Now Nevada says that she wants permis-
sion, if she elects and decides to do so, to
turn all this nourishment into one single arm,
so that just as the muscles of a gold-beater in
his arm become larger and stronger than the
muscles of any other man, so the training on
the western slope of the Rocky mountains
shall relate to nothing except to those things
which endemically and especially pertain to
that region. I say under that statute she has
no right to do it.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I will de-
tain the Senate but a moment. I am not
aware that anybody 
Mr. RAMSEY. I would like to appeal to
the honorable Senator from South Carolina to
give way to a motion to go into executive ses-
sion. It is too late now to pass the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall occupy but three
minutes.
Mr. President, I am not aware that anybody
has maintained that the State of Nevada has any-
right to devote the entire appropriation made
by this act or the former act to a school of
mines. The Senator from New York baa
been fighting a man of straw in that regard.
There is no Senator that I am aware of who
has claimed that any State could devote the
entire proceeds of this grant, if made, to a
single branch of science. If so it has escaped
my observation entirely. Nobody claims that
the State of Nevada can ignore the main pur-
pose of this act, but it is perfectly obvious that
every State has the power under this act of
appropriating the money in such a way as,
while it meets the general requirements of the
act, may carry out some specfic requirement of
the people of their own State.
If it is of more consequence to the people
of California and Nevada that the science of
mining shall be cultivated extensively in the
agricultural and mechanic college which may
be founded under this act, undoubtedly it will
take that direction, while not ignoring the fact
that there is an agriculture even in the volcanic
region of Nevada. No one will claim, I sup-
pose, that for all time Nevada is simply to
live digging ore out of the bowels of the earth
from which the precious metals are dug. I
suppose there are some portions of vegetable
mold and the debris of the rocks which have
settled on the surface even in Nevada, and
that green grass does grow there, and perhaps
some vegetables; and it is possible that winter
wheat and spring wheat may grow there. It
is quite possible that there may be an agricul-
ture developed on the slope of the mountains
in Nevada notwithstanding the immense wealth
which lies within and beneath the bowels of
those mountains. It is certain that in Cali-
fornia there is an agricultural interest and
agricultural resources almost unparalleled; and
if there is any State where there is an interest
to have an agricultural college it is in one
whose soil is forbidding and where it is neces-
sary to make the most of a barren soil.
So, Mr. President, the argument against an
agricultural college in Nevada is no more
applicable than it is against an agricultural
college in Massachusetts, where the sands of
Cape Cod even, by the aid of science, are
