202
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate. "
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....3d
elections. In case of any vacancy by death, resig-
nation, or otherwise, by either of the board, then
the vacancy shall be filled by the residue of the
board of returning officers. The returning officers
shall, after each election, before entoring on their
duties, take and subscribe to the following oath
before a judge of the supreme or any district court:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will
faithfully and diligently perform the duties of re-
turning officer as prescribed by law; that I will
carefully and honestly canvass and compile the
statements of the votes, and make a true ana correct
return of the eleotion: so help mo God.
" Within ten days after the dosing of the election
said returning officers shall meet in New Orleans to
canvass and compile the statement of votes made
by the commissioners of eleotion, and make returns
of the election to^the secretary of Stato. They shall
continue in session until such returns have been
compiled. The presiding officer shall, ats«chmeet-
ing, open, in the presence of the said returning offi-
cers, the statements of the commissioners of elec-
tion, and the said returning officorsshall, from said
statements, canvass and compile the returns of the
election in duplicate; one copy of such returns they
shall file in the office of the secretary of State, and
of one copy they shall make publio proclamation
by printing, in the official journal and such other
newspapers as they may deem proper, declaring the
names of allpersons and officers voted for, the num-
ber of votes for each person, and the names of tho
persons who have been duly and lawfully elected.
The return of the election thus made and promul-
gated shall bo .prima facie eviden,ce in all courts of
justice and before all oivil officers, until set aside
after contest according to law, of the right of any
person named thereinto hold and exercise the office
to which he shall by such return be deolared elected.
The Governor shall, within thirty days thereafter,
issue commissions to all officers thus declared
elected, who are required by law to be commis-
sioned."
And further, as follows:
"Sec. 71. Be it further enacted, <£«•  That this act
shall take effect from and after its passage, and that
all others on the subject of election laws be, and the
same are hereby, repealed/'
The effect of this act was to abolish both the
Warmoth board and the Lynch board, without
regard to which was legal. This act, taking
effect in the recess of the Legislature, created
offices, and, in the nomenclature of Louis-
iana, created vacancies in the recess of the
Legislature, which by another provision of the
constitution, it is claimed, authorized War-
moth to make appointments, and he appointed
other persons knQwn as the De Feriefe board.
Warmoth laid the returns of the election be-
fore this board. They canvassed them, and
declared that McEnery was elected Governor,
&c., and that certain persons named by tkcm
were elected members of the Legislature.
And here, as matter of justice to Governor
Warmoth, let me say that so far as I have been
able to ascertain, and judging of his powers
by the concurrcnt statements of all lawyers
from that State examined by the committee,
his approval of the act of November 20 was
regular; and if so, there can be no question
that the act abolished all former boards. It
seems also to be well settled in that State that
the Governor may appoint to the offices cre-
ated by an act taking effect in the vacation of
the Legislature. If so, the appointment by
the Governor of the De Feriet board was regu-
lar, and the canvass of the returns by that board
was according to the act of November 20.
I must now go back to November 16, and
state that on that day Kellogg exhibited in the
circuit court of the United States ior the dis-
trict of Louisiana, in equity, his bill against
the Warmoth board, McEnery, and the official
paper of the State.
It is necessary to a proper consideration of
this proceeding to refer to the ground upon
which it rested. And for this purpose I can
do no better than to read from the report,
pages 10 and 11:
" The fifteenth amendment to the Constitution
provides as follows:
"'Section 1. The right of citizens of the United
States to vote shallnot be denied or abridged by the
United States, or by any State, on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude.
" * Sec. 2. The Congress shall have power to enforce
this article by appropriate legislation.'
"The subject of suffrage belongs entirely to the
States, and must be regulated by them exclusively,
with the single exception, created by this amend-
ment, that no State can deny to a citizen of the
United States tho right to vote on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude; and the
extent of the power of Congress over the subject is
to see to it that the States do not violate this pro-
vision. Congress has the undoubted power to enact
such laws as are necessary and proper to secure to
the colored citizen his right to vote upon the same
terms and conditions, and with the same effect, as
the right is enjoyed and exercised by white citizens;
and, speaking of tho caso before us, this is the ex-
tent of the jurisdiction possessed by the national
Government in regard to State elections.
The aotof Congress of May 31,1870,(16Statutes-at-
Large, 140,) provides as follows:
41 Section 1. That all citizens of tho United States
who are or shall be otherwise gualified by law to vote
atany election by the people in any Stato, Territory,
district, county, city, parish, township, school dis-
trict, municipality, or other territorial subdivision,
shall be entitled and allowed to vote at all such elec-
tions without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitudo, any constitution, law, ous-
tom, usage, or regulation of any State or Territory,
or by or under its authority, to the contrary not-
withstanding.
" Thesecondseotion provides for registration under
the laws of the State, without distinction of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude; and section
threeprovides that whore any act is required by any
State law—as registration, ior instance—'the offer
of any such citizen to perform the act required to be
done, as aforesaid, shall, if it fail to bo carried into
execution by the wrongful act' of tho Stato officer,
be deemed and held a performance in law of the act
required; and that the person so offering and failing,
as aforesaid, shall be entitled to vote in tho same
manner as if he had in fact performed such act.
" Section twenty-three is as follows:
" 4 That whenever any person shall be defeated or
deprived of his election to any office, except olector
of President or Vice President, Representative or
Delegato in Congress, or member of a State Legisla-
ture, by reason of tho denial to any citizen or citi-
zens who shall offer to vote, of the right to vote,
on account of raco, color, or previous condition of
Servitude, his right to hold and enjoy such office and
the emoluments thereof shall not be impaired by
such denial; and such person may bring any appro-
priate suit or proceeding to recover possession of
such office; ana in cases whoro it shall appear that
the sole question touching the title to such office
arises out of the denial of the right to vote to citi-
zens who so offered to vote, on account of raco,
color, or previous condition of servitude, such suit
or proceeding may bo instituted in tho circuit or
distriot court of tho United States of tho circuit or
distriot in which such porson resides. And said cir-
ouit or district court shall have, concurrently with
the State courts, jurisdiction thereof, so far as to
determine the rights of the parties to such office by
reason of tho denial of tho right guarantied by tho
fifteenth article of amendment to tho Constitution
of the United States, and securod by this act.'
,4This act was amended by tho act of February 28,
1871,16 Stat. L., 433, section 15, providing as follows:
44 'That the jurisdiction of tho circuit court of the
United States shall extend to all eases in law or
equity arising under the provisions of this act or the
act hereby amended; and if any person shall receive
any injury to his person or property, for or on ac-
count of any act by him done under any of tho pro-
visions of this act or tho act hereby amended, he
shall bo entitled to maintain auitfordamages thcro-
for in the circuit court of tho United Statos in the
district wherein the party doing the injury may
reside or shall bo found/
" These acts were passed to give effect tp the pro-
visions of tho fifteenth amendment and regulate
elections for mombers of Congress; and, so far as
they apply to the election of State officers and mem-
bers of Stato Legislatures, they are confined to the
single purpose ot securing to all citizens the right to
vote without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude; and an act of Congress
attempting to go beyond this would be void for
want of authority in Congress to enact it. There-
fore, a contest between two citizens of the same
State in relation to the office of Governor, or other
State office, cannot be waged in a Federal court,
except upon the ground that the contestant has
been defeated or deprived of his election by reason
of the denial to any oitizon or citizens of tho right
to vote on account of raco, color, or provious condi-
tion of servitudo. If tho contestant has been de-
feated in consequence of a denial to citizens of the
right to vote on account of their belonging to a par-
ticular political party, or a particular church, or for
any reason except race, color, or previous condition
of servitudo, no .Federal court has power to hear and
determine it."
The bill stated the election held as afore-
said, as I have stated ; and that from three to
five thousand of the persons so denied regis-
tration were denied the right to vote; that
Warmoth had the returns; that the complain-
ant feared he would destroy them, &c. The
prayer of the bill was as follows:
"And it may also please your honors to order and
adjudge that the said defendant, H. C. Warmoth,
within a period of time to be fixed by your honors,
do make and deposit in this honorable court, in the
offioe of the olerk thereof, full, true, and exact sworn
copies of each and every paper, document, affidavit,
tally-sheet, list, sworn statement or certificate or Ut-
ter which he may have received or may have come
into his possession from any commissioner or com>
missionors, or any officer concerned in thecontrol or
management of said election, or who had any duties
to perform in connection therewith, and from alt
supervisors or assistant supervisors of election, in
any manner relating to said election, m order that
the same may be beyond the power of destruction
by thesaid defendant, Warmoth, and hissaid confed-
erates, and in order that the same may be saved to
your orator as evidence to enable him to establish
his right to the office of Governor as aforesaid in any
judicial proceedings which he may be compelled to
institute m this court to establish and vindicate the
same.
"And that the same may be also preserved for use
or proof in support of your orator's bill in this be-
half, and to establish his right to the relief by him
herein and hereby prayed for, and that tho said evi-
dence, documents, &c., to be produced, remain on
file in this oqurt in order that the same may be pre-
served as evidence in any action whioh your orator
may be required to institute in this court to establish
his said right to said office."
Conceding, what is at least questionable,
that this bill showed a case within the jurisdic-
tion of the Federal court, it is clear that juris-
diction was limited to the purpose intended by
the bill, namely, the perpetuation of testimony.
But the court, in that case, made the following
order:
"United States of America, circuit court of the United
Statos, fifth circuit and district of Louisiana, No-
vember term, A. D. 1872. New Orleans, Saturday,
November 16,1872. Court mot pursuant to adjourn-
ment. Present, Hon. E. II. Durell, district judge.
William P. Kellogg vs. H. C. Warmoth et at*.,No.
6830.
"On motion of J. R. Beckwith, counsel and soli-
citor for complainant, it is ordered that H. C. War-
moth, Jack Wharton, Frank H. Hatch, Durant l>a
Ponto, John McEnery, and tho New Orleans Repub-
lican Printing Company, publishers of the New
Orleans Republican, a newspaper, being the official
journal of the State of Louisiana, be enjoined and
restrained from in any manner, either directly or
indirectly, pretending to consider or canvass any
certificate* statement, or return of any supervisorof
registration, exceptin the presence of the legalretivrn-
ing officers named in the bill of complaint filed this
day, to wit, John Lynch, Jacob Hawkins, James
Longstreet, and Francis J. Herron; and it is further
ordered that the said II. C. Warmoth desist and re-
frain from submitting to the defendants, Jack
Wharton, Frank H. Hatch, and Durant Da Ponte,
or any or either of them, either as pretended mem-
bers of any board of returning officers of elections
of the Stato of Louisiana, or as individuals, any
statements, certificates of returns, or pretended
statements, certificates, or returns of election, and
to desist from assisting, aiding, abotting, or per-
mitting any other person or persons whatsoever
other than John Lynch, Jacob Hawkins, James
Longstreet, and Francis J. Herron, or their duly
qualified successors, as returning officers, to inspect,
consider, or have custody of or access to said state-
ments, certificates, or retvftns of said supervisors of
registration or any other paper, document, affida-
vit, or prooi that may have come into the hands of
said Warmoth, or shall hereafter comc into his
hands, relating to said election, or to the fairness or
correctness thereof, and which by law it is his duty
to submit to the said John Lynch, Jacob Hawkins,
Jamep Longstreet, and Francis J. Herron, the said
legal board of returning officers of elections, and
which should be properly considered by them.
"And it is further ordered that the said H. C.
Warmoth, Jack Wharton, Frank H. Hatch, and
Durant Da Ponte, and each of them, be commanded
and enjoined to refrain and desist from pretending
to act together as a board of returning officers, or as
returning officers of elections, from canvassing or
attempting to canvass or consider any certificate,
document, affidavit, return, statement of votes, or
any paper whatsoever properly relating to said elec-
tion mentioned in the said bill of complaint, and
from attempting to make a canvass, to make, de-
clare, or publish any pretended deduction, calcula-
tion, statement, or proclamation based thereon, or
pretended to be derived therefrom, in any way
relating or pertaining to said election mentioned in
the said bill of complaint, held on the 4th day of
November, 1872, or certifying to any candidate for
office at said election, any certificate of election, or
any statement of the result of said election tending
to show any right to office in any person growing out
of ballots cast at said election, and from meddling
with, altering, suppressing, falsifying, obliterating,
or destroying any document, paper, voucher, proof,
statement of votes, or certificate relating to said
election. And it is further ordered that the said
John McEnery be commanded, enjoined, restrained,
and inhibited from in any manner acting or pretend-
ing to act as Governor of the State of Louisiana, and
from making any pretensions or asserting any claim
to the office of Governor of said State by virtue of any
