1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
at the Government Printing Office, one thou-
sand copies of the descriptive anatomical cata-
logue of the Army Medical Museum, in folio,
for distribution to the contributors and collab-
orators of the museum.
The second section appropriates $20,000, out
of moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the preparation of the neces-
sary engravings and lithographs for said cata-
logue, under the supervision of the Surgeon
General of the Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL MILITARY CEMETERIES.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. E. No. 4007) to provide
for head-stones in the national and military
cemeteries ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of War to
advertise for thirty days, in at least ten news-
papers, not more than one of which shall be
in the same State or district, of general circu-
lation, for proposals for the making and plac-
ing in the national military cemeteries of
head-stones of marble or granite of such
styles and sizes as he may select, which stones
shall have inscribed on them the name of the
soldier, his rank if above a private, company,
regiment, and date of death, which shall cost
not to exceed five dollars each; and upon the
opening of such proposals he shall adopt such
styles and sizes as he may see fit, and award
the contract to the lowest responsible bidder
or bidders for such style c.nd size or styles and
sizes as he may see fit, and he shall not be
confined in his selection to any single style or
size, but shall exercise bis discretion as to the
same, and shalli after opening the bids, award
the contract or contracts to the lowest respons-
ible bidder or bidders; and he may award in
his discretion the same to any bidder or bid-
ders for single cemeteries, or any greater num-
ber, not to exceed the amount of the appro-
priation made at the time; and he shall in like
manner advertise each year hereafter for such
number of head-stones as the appropriation
for that purpose for such year will admit of,
until all the graves in the national cemeteries
are properly marked as contemplated by this
act. And the appropriation heretofore made
for the purpose shall remain applicable thereto
for two years from the date hereof, unless
sooner expended.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PURCHASE OF LAND AT OMAHA.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4008) to
confirm a purchase by the executive depart-
ment on the 8th September, 1868, of a certain
tract of land at Omaha, Nebraska; which was
read a first and second time. _
The question was on wdenng the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It gives the consent of
the United States to the purchase of a certain
'tract of land at Omaha, Nebraska, for which,
under order of the commanding officer, Major
William Myers paid the sum of $8,000; ana
the accounting officers are directed to credit
him, in the settlement of his accounts, with
the sum of $8,000 upon the filing of satisfac-
tory vouchers showing the payment ol that
sum to have been made by him on such order.
Mr. COBURN. I may state that the bill
provides for the carrying out of a purchase
made for the Government some years ago of
about forty acres of land, which were bonght
for $8,000. It has been in possession of the
Government for six or eight years. Buildings
have been erected on it, and it is now of much
greater value than when purchased. The bill
simply authorizes the officers of the Treasury
to settle the account and pay the money.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBUEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CEMETERY AT KEY WEST.
Mr. COBUEN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4005) to
purchase five acres of land for the enlargement
of the post cemetery at Key West, Florida;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to purchase a piece of land ad-
joining the military post at Key West, Flor-
ida, embracing within its area five acres, the
same being contiguous to and south of the
reservation, including therein the private
property taken in the year 1862, for the en-
largement of said military post, in extent being
three hundred feet deep and seven hundred
and fourteen feet long or thereabouts, said
land being claimed and owned by one Wil-
liam C. Maloney ; and to pay therefor a sum
not to exceed $1,000 out of any moneys ap-
propriated or that may be appropriated for
that purpose.
Mr. COBUBN. I hold in my hand a report
explaining this matter, which will be read if
any gentleman so desires. The object in the
purchase of this land is to make a larger
cemetery.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN WAR OP 1812.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, the bill (H., R.
No. 3499) to authorize the Secretary of War
to ascertain the amount of expense incurred
by the territorial authorities of Dakota for
arms, equipments, military stores, supplies,
and all other expenses of the volunteer forces
of the Indian war of 1862.
The bill was read. It authorizes and re-
quires the Secretary of War to ascertain, or
cause to be ascertained, the amount of expense
necessarily incurred by the territorial author-
ities of Dakota for arms, equipments, military
stores, supplies, and all expenses of the vol-
unteer forces called out to suppress Indian
hostilities in the Territory of Dakota m the
year 1862, and report to Congress at the next
session the names of the persons entitled to
relief, together with a statement ot the tacts
and sums upon which such report may be
leased
Mr." COBURN. I ask that the report be
"^Several Members. There is no objection to
the bill. ,
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr.
Wheeler.) If no gentleman calls lor the
reading of the report, it will be dispensed
WIMr SARGENT. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether these troops were called cut
by the authority of the United States.
Mr. COBURN. That is the very point to
which I desired to call the attention of the
House by the reading of the report.
Mr. SARGENT. The answer of the gen-
tleman himself will be sufficient.
Mr. COBURN. In answer to the gentle-
man I will state that this was a very great
emergency. It was the time of the raid of tho
Indians in Minnesota and Dakota during,the
war. The authorities there had notice of the
Indian massacre in Minnesota, there was no
telegraph there, and they had barely time to
call the citizens together and provide some
means of defense. These troops were called
out by the Governor and did actual service for
six or eight weeks. It was a matter in which
the authorities of Dakota could not wait for
orders, and all that this bill provides for is
that the matter shall be looked into and a
report made to the next Congress; so that
the matter of payment is left in abeyance.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY PAY.
Mr. COBUEN. from the same committee,
feported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 304) declaring
the meaning of the third section of the joint
resolution approved July 11, 1870, entitled "A
joint resolution amendatory of joint resolution
for the relief of certain officers of the Army,"
approved July 26, 1866.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
third section of the joint resolution approved
July 11, 1870, amendatory of joint resolution
for the relief of certain officers of the Army,
approved July 26, 1866, shall not be construed
to limit the application of the fitstand second
sections of said joint resolution, except in
those cases wherein, at the time of issuing com-
mission, there was no lawful vacancy existing
into which the officer could be mustered.
Mr. COBURN. This bill merely provides
for the construction of a certain joint resolu-
tion passed in 1870, which applies to the fol-
lowing class of eases: some officers and non-
commissioned officers were not mustered upon
commissions, being at the front, where there
were no commissaries of musters: or they
were in rebel prisons or sick in hospitals, and
so unable to be mustered. This joint resolu-
tion referred to provides that all such persons
to whom commissions were issued shall be
considered as commissioned and mustered to
the grade intended. The first section ol the
resolution, to which this is an amendment,
provides:
"That joint resolution entitled 'Joint resolution
for the relief of certain officers of the 4™y, aP~
proved July 26, 1866, shall be so construed and
amended thatin all eases arising under the same the
oerson to whom the commission shall have issued
shall be considered as commissioned to the grade
named therein from the date when the commission
was issued by competent authority, and entitled to
all pay and emoluments as if actually mustered at
that date: Provided, That at the time of the issuing
of the same he was performing the duties ol tlio
(trade to -which he was commissioned, or trom such
time after the issuing of his commission as he may
have actually entered upon such duties.
The next section applies to prisoners of
war and men in hospitals, and is as follows :
" That persons held as prisoners of war by the en-
emv. or who may have been in hospital by reason ot
wounds or disability at the time of the issuing of
their commissions shall be entitled to the same Pay<
emoluments, and benefits under this
if actually performing the duties of tho grade to
which they were commissioned.
Then there is this additional section :
"That this resolution shall not beeonstruedto
■iDDlv to cases in which, under the laws and Arms'
JSgifaUons at the time, there.coald fcavo
been no lawful muster into service even after the
actual receipt of the commission.
