1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
42d Cong....3d Sess,
Louisiana—Mr, Garpenter.
Senate.
pretended evidence of election thereto under or by
virtue of any certificate, document, or count, can-
vass, or adjudication now or hereafter made by the
said defendant, H.C. Warmoth, and thesaid defend-
ants. Jack Wharton, Frank H. Hatch, Durant Da
Ponte, in this bill charged to be unlawfully combined
and conspired as returning officers. And it is fur-
ther ordered that the said New Orleans Republican
Printing Company, under whose control and direc-
tion the newspaper called the New Orleans Repub-
lican, the official journal of the Stato of Louisiana,
is published, whereof W. R. Fish is president, be en-
joined and restrained from in any manner publish-
ing any official notice, document, or statement
relating to any canvass or statement of votes made,
or. pretended to bp made, or in any manner eman-
ating from the said H. C. Warmoth, and said Jack
Wharton, Frank H. Hatch, Durant Da Ponte, or
either of them, as a pretended board of returning
officers of elections, in any manner relating to the
said election held on the 4th day of November, A.
D. 1872.
"And it is further ordered that the said defend-
ants, H. C. Warmoth, Jack Wharton, Frank H.
Hatch, Durant Da Ponte, John McEnery, and the
&ew Orleans Republican Printing Company, named
•ji the bill of complaint this day filed, be so com-
manded, enjoined, and restrained until the further
order of this honorable court."
This order was served by the marshal No-
vember 17, 1872.
Conceding, as I do for the purpose of this
debate, that the court had jurisdiction on the
bill exhibited by Kellogg to grant the relief
prayed for by the bill, that is, perpetuate testi-
mony, it is clear that this order was wholly
without the jurisdiction of the court.
The bill was filed merely for the purpose of
perpetuating testimony. It asked no other
relief. Upon that the judge in this order pro-
ceeds to determine the question between the
Lynch board and the Wharton board and de-
termine which was the legal board and restrain
what he determined to be the illegal board
from making any canvass whatever, 'and re-
straining McEnery from claiming or pretend-
ing to be Governor on the ground of the can-
vass of votes made by anybody except the
Lynch board.
Mr. President, the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States courts under the acts of Congress
which have been passed to carry into effect the
provisions of the fifteenth amendment are
carefully limited to the case where some per-
son has been deprived of an office because
citizens have been denied the right to vote on
account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude; in such case the defeated can-
didate may bring his proper action in the Fed-
eral courts to recover the office. There is no
jurisdiction conferred upon the Federal courts
iu regard to a State election that does not
rest upon the right secured by the fifteenth
amendment. If a man is deprived of his
office because the electors were denied the
right to vote upon the ground that they were
Republicans, or Methodists, or Baptists, or
Catholics, or for aqy reason whatever except
on the ground of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude, the defeated candidate has
no standing in the Federal court. The two
boards contending here for the mastery in re-
gard to their offices were claiming State offices.
There was no pretense that the election
of either of these boards had been accom-
plished by depriving any colored man of any
right, and the judge of the United States
court had no more jurisdiction over the ques-
tion of right between these rival boards than
he had to declare whether or not General
Grant was elected President at the last No-
vember election. It was an act wholly out-
side of his jurisdiction. It is not strange that
no respect was paid to such an order ; and we
find afterward, on the 19th of November, Mr.
Kellogg coming into court with the following
affidavit:
William P. Kellogg, being first duly sworn, de-
poseth and saith that he is advised and informed,
and thereby believes, that the said defendants, H. C.
Warmoth, Durant Da Ponte, Jack Wharton, and
Frank H. Hatch, are now, and at all times since the
making and service of the restraining order issued
in this cause, have been acting m disregard and m
disobedience thereof, in contempt of the lawful or-
ders of this court, and have aided, abetted, and
countenanced the continued possession, custody, and
oanvass of the returns, certificates of officers con-
nected with said elections, by persons other than the
said Lynch, Longstreet, Herron, and Hawkins, and
have in other material respects disobeyed the orders
of this honorable court.
WILLIAM P. KELLOGG.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 19r.h No-
vember, 1872.
. j. W.GUIiLEY,
United States Commissioner,
Upon this affidavit a rule was granted against
Warmoth and others, to show cause why they
should not be adjudged in contempt. Interrog-
atories and answers were filed; pending which
proceedings, Warmoth, on the 20th of Novem-
ber, 1872, approved the act before mentioned,
abolishing both boards, and appointed the De
Feriet board, which board canvassed the re-
turns of the election, declared the McEnery
government duly elected, and Governor War-
moth promulgated thatresult. Assuming what
has been admitted on all hands before the
committee, that the approval of this law was
regular, and that it took effect from the date of
its approval, then it is clear that all former
boards were abolished; and assuming also,
what was not questioned before the committee,
that the Governor had authority to appoint
the members of this board, there can be no
question that the De Feriet board had the right
to canvass the returns so far as the statutes of
the State were concerned. Of course over ail
these boards lowered the constitutional objec-
tion before stated, that an act creating such a
board was in conflict with the constitution.'
But the Lynch board, on whose canvass so
much reliance is placed, was utterly void if the
constitution is to be respected ; and if the con-
stitution is to be disregarded, and the statutes
only considered, then the Lynch board or the
Warmoth board, whichever was legal, was
superseded by the De Feriet board created
and appointed under the act of November 20,
which board alone had authority to canvass the
returns.
A faithful account of the struggle between
Governor Warmoth, carrying in his pocket the
legislative power of the State, and Judge
Durell, exercising a usurped jurisdiction con-
ferred upon him by no act of Congress, would
rival the excitement of a play. Imagine the
Governor exulting over the judge, after the
approval of the act of November 20, in the
well-founded hope that he had overreached
and baffled the judge ; and then let us turn to
the efforts of Judge Durell to overcome his
wily antagonist. It is true the pleasure created
by this contest in our minds must bo consider-
ably dashed by the melancholy fact that a
Federal judge could so far overstep his juris-
diction and so utterly disregard his duty. But
ignoring for the present all such saddening
reflections, let us turn to the judge and see
how he proposed to cope with his adversary.
Judge Durell, out of court, late at night,
without application from any party to the suit,
fulminated the following extraordinary docu-
ment:
Circuit court of the United States,)
fifth circuit and district of Louis- > No. 6830.
iana, in equity. }
William P. Kellogg,
vs.
H. C. Warmoth et al.
Whereas Henry C. Warmoth, one of the respond-
ents herein, has, in violation of the restrain ing order
herein, issued the following proclamation and re-
turns of certain persons claiming to be a board of
returning officers, all in violation and contempt of
the said restraining order, as follows:
Proclamation.
State or Louisiana,
Executive Defautment,
New Orleans, December 4,1872.
Whereas P. S. Wiltz, Gabriel De Feriet, Thomas
Isabelle, j. A. Taylor, and J. E. Austin, returning
officers appointed by the Governor to fill vacancies
existing, in accordance with the constitution and
laws of the State of Louisiana, have made declara-
tion of the result of an election held November 4,
g. |
al. J
1872, and have declared certain persons eleotedto the
senate and house of representatives of the State of
Louisiana, as will appoar from tho returns herewith
attaohed and made a part of this proclamation;
and whereas such returns are compiled from tho
official returns of commissioners of election and
supervisors of registration on file in this office, and
are m fact and in form accurate and correct, And
made in accordance with law:
Now, therefore, I, Henry Clay Warmoth, Governor
ot the State of Louisiana, do issuo this my proc-
lamation, making known the result of said eleotion
aforesaid, and command all officers and persons
within the State of Louisiana to take notiee of and
respeot the same.
Given under my hand and the seal of the State
this 4th day of December, A. D. 1872, and of the in-
dependence of the United States the ninety-seventh.
„ , „ H. C. WARMOTH.
By the Governor :
Y. A. WOODWARD,
Assistant {Secretary of State.
Now, therefore, in order to prevent the further
obstruction of tho proceedings in this cause, and,
further, to prevent a violation of the orders of this
court, to tho imminent danger of disturbing the
public peaoo, it is hereby ordered that the marshal
of tho United States for tho distriot of Louisiana
shall forthwith take possession of the building
known as the Mechanics' Institute, and occupied aa
the State-house for the assembling of the Legisla-
ture therein, in the city of New Orleans, and hold
tho same subjcot to tho further order of this court,
and meanwhile to prevent all unlawful assemblage
therein under tho guise or pretext of authority
claimed by virtue of pretended oanvass and returns
made by said pretended returning officers in oon-
tempt and violation of said restraining order; but
tho marshal is directed to allow the ingress and
egress to and from tho publio offices in said building
of persons entitled to the same.
E. H. DURELL.
This is the most remarkable performance to
be found in the annals of judicial proceedings.
It does not purport to be the act of the court,
and it was not; it is not even signed by the
judge as judge. It bears no resemblance to
judicial process. It is not signed by the clerk,
nor sealed with the seal of the court. It had
no more legal effect than if signed and pub-
lished by any other citizen of the United
States or Mexico. The prior order made by
the judge in this case went, as I have shown,
entirely beyond the jurisdiction of the court;
but this last performance eclipses it and every-
thing else that I know of in the way of judi-
cial usurpation and outrage.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to ask him whether we
are to understand that he does claim the
right for the contestant in an election for a
State office to apply to a Federal judge and
have the restraining powers of the court exer-
cised to prevent counting the votes, provided
he shall allege that he was deprived of his
office by reason of the exclusion of some per-
sons from voting on the ground of color or
race or previous condition of servitude ? In
other words, I ask whether he considers that
there is under the Constitution or any law of
the United States the right in the Federal
courts to consider questions of coutested elec-
tion in regard to State officers on any ground
at all?
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, Mr. President,
I have already stated what I understand to be
the proper jurisdiction ^f the Federal courts
on this subject; and that is this in short: the
fifteenth amendment declares that neither
the United States nor any State shall deny to
any citizen of the United States the right to
vote on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and that the Congress
of the United States may pass all appropriate
laws to carry the provisions of this article into
effect. Now for the purpose of carrying the
provisions of that article into effect Congress
has passed an act which is set forth in the
report of the committee.
Mr. BAYARD. The enforcement law, so
called.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir; in lyhich it
is provided—
"That whenever any person shall be defeated or
deprived of his election to any office, except elector
of President or Vioe President, Representative or
Delegate in Congress, or member of a State Legis-
