204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong.,..3d Sess.
lature, by reason of the denial to any citizen or citi-
zens who shall offer to vote, of the right to vote, on
account of raoe, color, or previous condition of
servitude, his right to hold and enjoy such office and
the emoluments thereof shall not be impaired by
such denial."
And then it is provided that such person may
bring his action in the United States court of
the proper jurisdiction to recover the office.
Mr. President, if my opinion is called for
by the Senator, [Mr. Bayaiu>,] I doubt whether
a Federal court would have any authority
whatever to grant an injunction against State
officers, restraining them from making a can-
vass even upon the ground that citizens had
been denied the right to vote on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servi-
tude ; but that is one of those interesting conun-
drums the solution of which is unnecessary
here, because even conceding the jurisdiction
in such a case does not authorize the extra-
ordinary proceedings which were had in this
cause.
Mr. BAYARD. Perhaps I misunderstood
the proposition as the Senator stated it. I
frankly say that I am one of those who do not
look upon it as a conundrum, but I look upon
it as something so alarming, so fundamentally
destructive of all State control in respect of
their own officials, that I wanted to know, the
first time it was stated here in public by the
Senator, precisely the extent to which his doc-
trines carry him.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is utterly impossible
for a small head like mine to consider all
things at once, and I have learned that when
I want to examine any particular subject I
must not allow myself to be alarmed by things
outside of it. However alarming, therefore,
such a thing as is supposed by the Senator
might be, it is not involved in this case, and
therefore I do not stop to deal with it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator; but this report is a pretty
large document to go through. It seems from
the tenor of his argument that the McEnery
government stands on fraudulent returns, and
the Kellogg government on votes never cast.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend shall
ever apply for a patent on the process of con-
densation I shall vote to give it to him. That
is the case exactly. The McEnery govern-
ment stands on fraud, and the Kellogg gov-
ernment stands on hope deferred.
The De Feriet board, appointed under the
act approved November 20, canvassed the
returns which undoubtedly show the McEnery
government to be duly elected; of that I be-
lieve the committee were all convinced; the
returns show that McEnery was elected by five
or six thousand majority. In the first report
which our committee made, and which was a
unanimous report, made by the Senator from
Indiana himself, he says, speaking of those
returns:
"While we have no doubt that the returns sent to
Governor Warmoth from various parishes by tho
supervisors of registration will, upon their face, show
that the aforesaid persons named as electors, and
whom we shall designate as the ' Greeley electors,'
received a majority of the votes, that fact has never
been ascertained by any competent authofity, and
the action of Governor Warmoth depended entirely
upon the unauthorized statements of Messrs. Wood-
ward and Bragdon," &c.
There is, therefore, no question that upon
those returns, if they are to be regarded, Mr.
McEnery's government was elected on the 4th
day of November last.
From this long digression into which I have
been led by interruptions, let me return to the
narrative of events in Louisiana after the order
ist-ued by Judge Durell for seizing the State-
house. By this order the marshal was com-
manded to prevent "all unlawful assemblage
thereifi under the guise or pretext of authority
claimed by virtue of pretended canvass and
return made by'' the De Feriet board, promul-
gated by the Governor.
Under this order the State-house was seized
by Federal troops. A company of troops from
Florida happened to arrive in New Orleans
in the nick of time, and were put in possession
of the State-house and held it for weeks. All
the entrances except one were closed, and
over that two sentinels, with bayonets crossed,
stood night and day to inspect who should
enter. It is true they did not interfere with
the ingress and egress of State officers and of
all private persons that came individually and
quietly to pass in and out; but the order of
the court required the marshal to prevent, and
we must assume that the marshal would have
prevented the men determined by the De
Feriet board to have been elected from taking
their seats in the Legislature or acting as a
Legislature.
About this time the Lynch board, that is
Lynch, Herron, the removed secretary of
State, and Longstreet and Hawkins, claiming
to have been elected to fill the vacancies of
Pinchback and Anderson, pretended to make
a canvass of the election, and declared that
Kellogg and his associates were elected to
State offices, aijd also declaring that certain
persons named by them had been elected to
the Legislature. This canvass is the title
which the Kellogg government rests upon.
The testimony taken by the committee shows
that no reliance whatever can be placed upon
this canvass. The following are some of the
difficulties in the way of the Kellogg title:
1. The act creating a board of canvassers to
canvass the votes of Governor and Lieuten-
ant Governor and members of the Legislature
was clearly unconstitutional.
2. The act, even conceding its validity, was
repealed by the act of November 20, the effect
of which was to abolish the board created by
the laws repealed, without regard to whether
the Lynch board or the Warmoth board was
the legal one.
3. Conceding the constitutionality of the act
creating the board, conceding that the act had
not been repealed, and conceding that the
Lynch board had authority to canvass the re-
turns, they had no returns to canvass. Bovee,
who claimed to have been reinstated by a de-
cision of the supreme court as- secretary of
State, and who as such participated in the
canvass by the Lynch board, testified before
the committee that they were determined to
have a Republican Legislature and canvassed
to that end; that they resolved all doubts in
favor of the republican candidates. In some
cases they had what were supposed to be copies
of the returns; in other cases they relied upon
newspaper accounts ; in, some cases they set
aside all the votes actually cast, and counted
as votes given the affidavits of voters that their
votes had been rejected when offered at the
polls. If this could be tolerated, the only way
for a voter to secure his vote would be not to
cast it at the polls, because if he did it might
be rejected altogether, but keep it in his
pocket and after the election make his affida-
vit, which would be counted.
It was also shown that most of these affida-
vits were forgeries, and the Lynch board must
have known it. Jacques testifies that he
forged over a thousand of these affidavits and
presented them to the Lynch board, and was
commended by Bovee for so doing in the signi-
ficant and truthful phrase, "You are a hell of
a fellow." This witness testified that he was
honest in everything but politics. But that it
was evident that the other side were cheating,
and he regarded it perfectly right to cheat and
lie and forge papers to carry a point in politics.
My first impression of this witness was that he
was lying, but after a thorough eross-exam-
ination I was satisfied that he was testifying
truly, and when he finally stated that he was
bora in Illinois he fully reinstated himself in
the confidence of the committee, both Sen-
ators from that State being members of the
committee. This is the canvass we must sus-
tain to say that the Kellogg government was
elected by the people and is the legal govern-
ment of that State. It also further appeared
that in regard to those parishes where the
Lynch board could not procure even forged
affidavits they made an estimate, based upon
the general political complexion of the parish,
of what the vote ought to have been, and
canvassed it accordingly.
Great reliance is placed by the Senator from
Indiana in the view which he has presented in
his minority report in this case on a decision
made by the supreme court of the State, which
he says has settled the question that the Lynch
board was the legal board, and that their
decision as to who was elected is conclusive;
and both questions are thus precluded. In
the report your committee have examined that
case at great length and shown, as we humbly
submit, that the supreme court of Louisiana
in that case had no jurisdiction over the ques-
tion whatever. It seems to be the habit in
Louisiana, not only of the Federal court but
of the State courts, if they can get hold of any
question to draw to it all questions having
the remotest connection with it; and the fact
that persons to be affected by the judgment
are not parties to the record seems to be no
objection.
The supreme court of Louisiana here was
trying a case under the intrusion law of that
State, which answers to proceedings by quo
warranto at the common law. If one man
claims to be entitled to an office the duties
of which are being performed by another per-
son he sues under this act, charging that he
is entitled to the office, but that the defendant
has intruded into it and is exercising its
powers. Thereupon the court is authorized to
determine which of the two is entitled to the
office. In such a case it is too manifest ta re-
quire an argument that the court had no juris-
diction over anything in the world but the
question who was entitled to that office. The
application was originally made by the Lynch
board against the Warmoth board to have
themselves declared entitled to be the legal
board of canvassers. Under the laws of Louis-
iana the supreme court of the State have no
appellate jurisdiction except in a case involv-
ing $500 in amount. It is well settled that in
a case to determine the right to an office the
amount in dispute is determined by the salary
attached to the office. In this case there was
no salary. Therefore it was conceded on -ail
hands that when the court decided in favor
of the Warmoth board and against the Lynch
board no appeal could be taken to the su-
preme court. The decision in that case was
made by one of Warmoth's judges, appointed
and seated by force for the purpose of making
it, and he held the Warmoth board valid and
enjoined the Lynch board. That the decision
beiow was erroneous is certain, for under the
constitution no board could be legal. This
trifling objection was not considered, however,
by the court below, or by the supreme court in
the subsequeut decision on the appeal. The
decision of the court below may have been
corrupt, probably was, but these things did
not give the supreme court an appellate juris-
diction denied to it by the constitution of that
State.
The Lynch board, being defeated in . the
court below, could not take an appeal because
their office had no salary and the supreme
court has no appellate jurisdiction except
over a case which involves fifty dollars in
amount. The decision of the lower court was
therefore an end of that suit between the
original parties, but in comes Mr. Field and
says: "1 am interested in this suit; I have
been elected attorney general; the Lynch,
board have declared that I was; they have
