1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Now, the War Department construe this law
in this way, that this third section absolutely
nullifies the two preceding sections, and it is
now impossible for any one who received his
commission butbad not been mustered in upon
ittoget his pay, because of the provisions of the
third section, which declares:
" That this resolution shall not be oonstrued to
apply to oases in which, under the laws and Army
regulations existing at the time, there could be no
lawful muster."
They say that this clause renders the previous
sections of the law null and void. A most
singular and unimaginable construction.
Thus it will be seen that they say that by the
rules and regolation&of the Army no one can
now. be mustered back although he had been
commissioned, he being at the front or in a
rebel prison or a hospital or at any other point
where he could not get his commission and
find a mustering officer, and the very thing that
Congress said should be done, they say cannot
be done simply beoause the regulations forbid
it. The present bill applies only to men in
hospital or in rebel prisons, and not to men
who were in the field having commissions and
on duty, under them, but not having been
mastered in. Thfe construction of the War
Department as to those in prisons and hos-
pitals is that which the bill is designed to apply
to. The third section of the joint resolution
of 1870 was only intended to apply to cases in
which muster-In was impossible in any event,,
not to cases which were excepted by the pre-
vious sections. Those sections were intended
to be operative, -and allow muster back and
pay to all officers who were only deprived of
muster by the absence of a mustering officer
or by being in prison or hospital. When they
were so cut off this resolution of 1870 supplied
the remedy.
Mr. STOUGHTON. It is due to the House
that I should say that there are two sides to
this question. I am opposed to this bill, be-
cause it will not only npset the whole muster-
rolls of the army, but because it will take
$20,000,000 out of the Treasury, and give it,
not to the soldiers who deserve it, but for the
most part to officers who were away from the
point where they ought to have been in order
to have been mustered in.
Now, to show the bearing of this measure,
I ask the Clerk to read a letter from the Sec-
retary of War on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Dkpabtment, January 16,1871.
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit*to
the House of Representatives, in answer to the reso-
lution of January 4, 1871, the accompanying report
of the Adjutant General upon the construction
placed by the War. Department upon the law of
July 11,1870, for the relief of certain officers of vol-
unteers, and to state that if the construction alleged
to be correct by certain claimants under that aot is
held to be the true intent of the law, the rules and
regulations by which some eighty-five thousand vol-
rnteer officers were controlled during the course of
the late war will be overthrown; thousands of
muster-rolls, certified at their date, under the ar-
ticles of war, as exhibiting the "true state" of the
command, will be invalidated, and large appropri-
ations of money will be needed to settle claims, the
justness of whioh cannot always be definitely
ascertained at a date so remote from that of their
origin. WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Now, what is it pro-
posed to do by this bill ? It provides that the
limit shall not apply except in those cases
where at the time of the issuing of the com-
mission there was a lawful vacancy. Now, if
this bill passes it will apply in all cases where
there was a vacancy, and you must muster the
officer in at that time, notwithstanding it may
be contrary to the law and the regulations of
the Army. That is the only construction that
can be placed on this bill if it shall become
a law.
I desire to say that all these cases are ex-
ceptional. We have had a few of them before
the Committee on Military Affairs, and have
passed upon them. It.is dangerous legislation
to attempt to make general laws to cover
special eases. Wherever there is a case of great
hardship, it may be relieved by speeial law,
and that will be safe enough, for even if you
make a mistake sometimes it will do no great
injury. But if you make a general and sweep-
ing law to cover special cases, taking millions
of dollars from the Treasury, no man can tell
what the result will be.
The Secretary of War says, and he says
truly, that the passage of this bill will inval-
idate the muster-rolls of the Army. The mus-
ter is a solemn agreement between the officer
and the Government., by which the officer
agrees to do something, and by which the
Government in its turn agrees to do some-
thing. Now, it is proposed to set every one
of these muster-rolls aside, and to allow parole
evidence to determine when the man's pay
should commence. That js a dangerous prece-
dent to establish, and should not be adopted
by this House.
Mr. MOORE. I am not willing to support
this bill for these reasons: I have myself had
some experience in reference to these particu-
lar cases. During the time that I was in the
service, no officer who served under me failed
to be mustered back to the date at which his
commission was received. The rules of the
War Department were that under circum-
stances where difficulties arose preventing an
officer from being mustered at the date of the
receipt of his commission, t.hosecirenmstanees
being shown, he was allowed to be mustered
back to the time of the date of the commission.
I had two officers under me who were eighteen
months in Libby prison. During that time
they never saw their commissions, which were
in my hands until they returned; then they
were mustered back to the date at which I, at
the regiment, received their commissions.
I entirely agree with the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] that they are ex-
ceptional cases. If these officers were not
properly mustered back, it was because of the
neglect of their superior in command in look-
ing after their interests. If there are any ex-
ceptional cases it is better to let them come
before the Committee on Military Affairs, and
have each particular case adjusted upon its
merits rather than to open up the question of
revolutionizing the entire muster-rolls of the
Army.
Mr. POLAND. I ought to apologize to the
House for saying a word in relation to any of
these military matters, for I have never been
a soldier nor ever a general. Bnt my atten-
tion has been called to this particular branch
of military law, and I have had some occasion
to know the rules of the Department upon the
subject. The second section of the act of
July 11, 1870, provides:
" That persons held as prisoners of war by the
enemy, or who may have been in hospital by reason
of wounds or disability at the time of the issuing of
their commissions, shall be entitled to the same pay,
emoluments, and benefits under this resolution as if
actually performing the duties of the grade to which
they were commissioned."
It is perfectly clear what Congress intended
when they passed this act. It was because the
rules and regulations of the Army prevented
these officers from having their pay. They did
not allow a man to have pay in a particular
grade until he had been mustered in and ap-
peared upon the rolls as such. Here were
cases where men by being hold as prisoners of
war were prevented from complying with the
rules and regulations of the Army, and for
that very reason Congress passed this law.
These men were within the equity and reason
of the law, and therefore Congress passed this
act providing that they should have the bene-
fit of it.
But the War Department (for I have taken
occasion to look into this matter thoroughly)
procured the adoption of this proviso, which
the Military Committee who reported it and
the Congress that passed it understood to
apply only to cases where there was no va-
cancy that could have been tilled; so that
even if the man had not be^w a prisoner and
had been ready to receive his commission, he
could not have received it, because there was
no place for him to fill.
By the construction which the War Depart-
ment places upon this cunning proviso, in-
serted in an act of Congress which was so
clear and explicit in its terms that nobody
could doubt its effect, the statute of 1870, as
beneficial and honest a statute as was ever
passed, is rendered a perfect nullity; and the
attempt is made to scare us out of our own
views on this subject as to the proper con-
struction of that act by this silly talk about
its costing $20,000,000. The carrying out of
this act in its true meaning will not take half
a million dollars.
Mr. STOUGHTON rose.
Mr. POLAND. I have no doubt read the
paper which the gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Stoughton] holds in his hand; I have
seen all the documents; I am as familiar with
them as my friend from Michigan.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Will the gentleman
allow me a single remark? The War Depart-
ment, as I understand, did procure the adop-
tion of this proviso. But that third section
was put on upon a conference report which I
have before me, signed by Representatives
Asper, Logan, and Morgan, and Senators
Thayer, Wilson, and Johnson. The question
was well considered; and the provision was
put on for the purpose of accomplishing this
very object.
Mr. POLAND. I cannot believe that any
conference committee or anybody else could
have intended the construction which the War
Department puts upon this proviso; for it
absolutely nullifies and destroys the whole act.
More than that, I can tell my friend from
Michigan that I had it from the mouth of the
Adjutant General himself that this proviso to
the third section was drawn by him; and al-
though the construction which has been put
on it is an utterly foolish and unjust one, he
says that the Department adheres to that con-
struction because it is the construction he
intended when he drew the proviso.
Mr. COBURN. I demand the previous
question.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 43, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Stough-
ton and Mr. Coburn were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
ayes forty-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. COBURN. I move to recommit the
bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That will be
the understanding.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE. SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sy.mp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed House bills of the follow-
ing titles, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested ;
An act (H. R. No. 2553) granting a pension
to John Condlin ; and
An act (H. R. No. 3954) to relieve William
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, of his
political disabilities.
INTEMPERATE MILITARY OFFICER*.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back a biii (H. R.
No. 3609) to provide that no person shall be
promoted in the Army who is addicted to the
intemperate use of intoxicating liquor.-, or
drugs.
The bill was read. It provides that here-
after no officer, non commissioned officer, or
private in the Army of the United States who
is addicted to the intemperate us of intuxiCHt-
ing liquors or drugs shall be promoted ; and it
is made the duty of the Secretary of War upon
written request filed in his office to convene a
