540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
yamhill river, ortgon.
Mr. SLATER also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the State of
Oregon, praying Congress for an appropria-
tion for the improvement of Yamhill river, in
said State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
tualatin river.
Mr. SLATER also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the State of
Oregon, for the improvement of the Tualatin
river, in said State; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to bo
printed.
roseburg and coos bay.
Mr. SLATER also presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the State of
Oregon, praying aid to construct a military
wagon-road from Roseburg to Coos bay, in
said State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
breakwater at port orford, oregon.
Mr. SLATER also presented the memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the State of
Oregon, praying Congress for appropriation to
build a breakwater at Port Orford, Oregon;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
kvy grim.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3464) granting a pension to Evy Grim ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
casssa ann cottrill.
Mr. DAYIS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3465) granting a pension to Cassa Ann
Cottrill; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to printed.
h. m. barnes.
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3466) for the relief of H. M. Barnes ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and or-
dered to be printed.
artesian wells in nevada and utah.
Mr. KENDALL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3467) authorizing the President to
appoint commissioners to examine and report
on the practical advantage of sinking artesian
wells in the State of Nevada and the Territory
of Utah; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Mines and
Mining, and ordered to be printed.
new mexico state election.
Mr. GALLEGOS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3468) providing for extending the time of
election in New Mexico to vote on the consti-
tution and for State officers; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
rivers in washington territory.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3469) to improve cer-
tain rivers in Washington Territory; which was
read a first and second time, referred to ihe
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
walla-walla, etc., railroad company.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 8470) to amend an
act entitled "An act granting the right of way
to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 31, 1869 ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
land office, dakota territory.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3471) to establish a United States land
office at the crossing of the Northern Pacific
railroad on the upper Missouri river, i n the
Territory of Dakota; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
captain seth bonney.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3472) to restore Captain Seth
Bonney to his former rank in the Army ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
great basin railroad.
Mr. MERRITT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3473) granting the right of way to the
Great Basin Railroad Company; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
right of way to railroads in territories.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3474) granting right of way to railroad
companies in the several Territories; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals, and
ordered to be printed.
payment of special assessments.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3475) to provide for extending the time
of payment of special assessments, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
judiciary square.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3476) to provide for the removal of the
wooden buildings on Judiciary square ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
assessments in THK DISTRICT.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3477) relating to assessments in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
washington city river front.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3478) relating to improving the river
front of Washington city; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
improvements in the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3479) relating to certain improvements
in the District of Columbia ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
blind of the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3480) to provide for the better educa-
tion of the blind of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
presbyterian congregation, georgetown.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3481) to authorize the trustees of the
Presbyterian congregation of Georgetown to
dispose of real estate ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
gift enterprises.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 8482) prohibiting gift enterprises in the
District of Columbia ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. States and Territories,
having been called through for bills on leave
and joint resolutions, will now be called for
resolutions. The call rests with the State of
New Hampshire.
ARMY APPROPRIATION ACT of 1871.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3483) to repeal a provision of the Army
appropriation act approved March 3, 1871;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to repeal
so much of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes," approved March 3,1871, as directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay over in
money to the Pacific railroad companies per-
forming services for the United States one half
of the compensation at the rate provided by
law for such services.
Mr. HIBBARD. I demand the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading
of the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the bill be
laid on the table; and on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas amd nays were ordered.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the bill be agaia
reported.
The bill was again read.
Mr. KERR. I would ask that the section
which it is proposed to repeal be now read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
would be in the nature of debate, and debate
of all kinds is absolutely prohibited during the
morning hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I have moved to lay this
bill on the table because no opportunity is
given for debate in so important a matter.
The SPEAKER The Chair is not allowed
during the morning hour to ask unanimous
consent for any purpose whatsoever ; the rules
forbid it.
The question was taken on Mr. Sargent's
motion ; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 12, nays 163, not voting 66; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Dickey, Ketcham, Palmer,
Peck, Piatt, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Stark-
weather, Wheeler, and Williams of New York—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Auibler, Arthur,
Barber, Barry. Beatty. Erasmus W. Beck, James B.
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair,
James 3. Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb, Coburn, Cogh-
lan, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland,
Davis, Dawes, Dodds, Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Duke,
Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Ely, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gar-
fieH, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith,
Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John
T. Harris. Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R.
Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton. Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hol-
man, Kendall, Kerr, Killinger, King, Lamisnn,
Leach, Lewis, Lowe. Maclntyre, Manson. Mar-
shall, McClelland, MeCormick, McCrary, McGrew,
McJunkin, McKee, McKinney, Merriam, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Morey, Morgan,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblnok. Packard, Packer.
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton. Por-
ter, Potter, Price, Prindle, Rainey, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Sion H.
Rogers, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Speer, Sprague, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland,
Swann, Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tilt-
hill. Twicbell, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Warren, Wells,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood,
and Young—163.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Averill, Banks,
Barnum, Bigby, Boles, Bright, Brook?, Buckley,
Bunnell, Campbell, Clarke, Comingo, Conner, Creely,
Crocker, Darrall, De Large, Duell, Elliott, Esty,
Farwell, Eorker, Charles Foster, Frye, Goodrich,
Haldeman, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, Maynard,
