1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
given me a certificate, and I have been com-
missioned by'the Governor. Now, I am inter-
ested to have the board which declared me
to be elected held to be a legal board ; my
office has a salary of $5,000 a year, and I
therefore apply to the court for permission to
intervene and appeal." And, strange to say,
that order was granted, and the attorney
general appealed from a cause which neither
of the parties could appeal from to the su-
preme court; and on that appeal taken under
those circumstances the supreme court went
on to decide that Field, the appellant, was
legally elected attorney general, that they
could n®t decide as Ogden, his opponent, was
not before the court, but that the Lynch board
was the legal canvassing board, and thus re-
versed a judgment from which that board had
not appealed and could not appeal.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CAKPJiNTiiU. I cannot help myself,
I guess.
Mr. MORTON. The admission of Mr.
Field as a party was made under the statute
of Louisiana expressly allowing the interven-
tion of new parties; and I think the reassuring
of the supreme court iu regard to their juris-
diction is perfectly overwhelming.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senate is already
aware that the honorable Senator from Indiana
and myself take very different, views of this
subject, and I may perhaps save him some
trouble by saying that while we do entirely
concur in regard to the question of whether
there was fraud committed on a large scale in
the last election, we do not concur as to all
the details of the argument upon which the
conclusion of the majority of the committee
rests; and with this general issue being put in
by that Senator, it being understood that the
Senator disputes at every point, of course he
will not be compelled to interrupt me quite so
often.
Mr. MORTON. I have not interrupted you
for an hour.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is very good; I
am astonished at so long a peace.
In this case, then, where the rights of the
parties to it had been completely settled, and
neither "party could appeal, Mr. Field comes
in under the statute of that State to which the
Senator alludes ; and what is that statute?
It authorizes any party aggrieved by a judg-
ment or interested in a matter iu dispute in
any cause to intervene and become a party to
that suit. But what is the meaning of that
statute ? What is the common sense construc-
tion of it? Who is aggrieved by a decision of
a court? Only those parties can in a legal
sense be said to be aggrieved who are in a
legal sense affected by the judgment. A man
may be aggrieved in the popular sense at see-
ing his friends defeated in a suit, or seeing a
judgment rendered which he thinks will be
followed with public evil, but that does not
make him a party aggrieved within the mean-
ing of the law which authorizes him to inter-
meddle in the suit and take an appeal. The
supreme court of that State consists of five
judges, and two of them dissented from the
decision and held that the court had no juris-
diction of the appeal. The decision is there-
fore the result of but one judge; and although
this fact would not deprive the judgment of
the effect which is accorded to a unanimous
decision in the subordinate courts of the
State, it is a fact worthy of consideration.here,
where we are not bound by that judgment as
an authority iu the technical sense, but only
consult it for what it is worth.
Your committee, after examining both the
opinions and the authorities referred to, believe
the" law is correctly stated by the dissenting
judges, and we have adopted one dissentng
opinion, that of Judge Wyly, as setting forth
the law on the subject. He denounced it as
an usurpation. He declared (and so did Judge
Kennard) that the court had no jurisdiction,
and I am entirely satisfied he was justified in
so denouncing it.
Mr. President, we have seen the Federal
court, on a bill exhibited to perpetuate testi-
mony, deciding which was the legal board of
canvassers, a question not at all presented by
the record, and a question over which the court
had no jurisdiction ; and we have seen the
court on this bill prescribing the duty of State
officers in a matter over which it had no juris-
diction ; we have seen a Federal court, on a
bill to perpetuate testimony, deciding all these
questions not involved in the record, but also
seizing a State-house of a State of this Union by
Federal troops, placing sentinels with crossed
bayonets at the door to determine who should
and who should not organize as a State Legis-
lature. This would be enough to provoke the
amazement of all men; but this is not all nor
the worst that has been done by that Federal
judge.
The act of Congress to which I have referred
and under which proceedings relating to a
State election may be had, is section twenty-
three of the enforcement, act, and is as follows:
" That whenever any person shall bo defoated or
deprived of his election to any olfice, except elector
of President or Vice President, Representative or
jDelegate in Conor en ft, or member of a State Legislature,
by reason of the denial, to any citizen or citizens who
shall offer to vote, on account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude," &o.
Therefore, conceding that this section would
authorize the maintenance of such a suit as
this of Kellogg's, it is perfectly plain that it
does not authorize such a suit by or on behalf
of any person claiming either a seat in Con-
gress or a seat in the State Legislature. The
subsequent act, which amends this act, pro-
vides that the jurisdiction of the circuit court
shall extend to all cases arising under the
amendatory act and under the original act.
But it is manifest that it did not repeal the
exception in the twenty-third section of the
former act. If it did as to members of the
Legislature, of course it did as to the members
of Congress ; and an act which should extend
the jurisdiction of the circuit court to determ-
ine who was elected to Congress would vio-
late an express provision of the Constitution
which makes each House the exclusive judge
of the election of its own members. And
of course, if a member of the Legislature
cannot, even when he has lost his seat by
reason of the fact that the right of suffrage
has been denied to citizens to vote_ on ac-
count of race or color, maintain a suit in the
United States court to obtain his seat in the
State Legislature, it can require no argument
to show that a Lieutenant Governor cannot
maintain a suit on behalf of one hundred raeu
so circumstanced; and yet Lieutenant Gov-
ernor Antoine went into the United States
court in -equity and commenced his suit, set-
ting forth in general terms the same allega
tions as those contained in Kellogg's bill.
He files it against the De Feriet board, against
Warmoth's board, against the Metropolitan
police of New Orleans, against McEnery and
all the men claiming to be elected with him
on that ticket, against the McEnery senate,
and against the McEnery house of represent-
atives, and against mankind in general, com-
manding them and all of them to desist from
setting up any claim or pretense that any of
them had been elected, or that any of them
were authorized to act in any of the offices to
which they claimed to be elected, and to which
they had been declared to be elected by the De
Feriet board, the only board under the State
statutes which had any authority to canvass
the election returns.
Upon that bill the court issued another re-
straining order, which had the force of an
injunction, and which commanded—it not only
restrained, hut it performed the office of a
mandamus and commanded the old officers
of the Legislature how to organize the new
Legislature—it commanded the old secretary
of the senate what names to call in organizing
the senate; it commanded the holding over
clerk of the house of representatives what
names to call in organizing the house, and it
restrained all other men from intermeddling
at all on any pretense of right growing out of
the canvass that had been made in their favor
by the De Feriet board.
When we consider all this, in connection
with the fact that by orders issued in the Kel-
logg suit the court was holding the State-house
by Federal troops, we can estimate the great
outrage committed by the court in the order
which it issued in the suit of Antoine, which
is as follows:
Circuit Court of the United States in and for the
District of Louisiana.
C. C. Antoine )
V8. > No. 6861—in equity.
II. C. Warmoth et al.)
Restraining orders—Issued December 7, 1872.
Whereas the plaintiff herein has this day filed
and exhibited his bill of complaint aginst the said
defendant, li. C. Warmoth, and the other defend-
ants named in said bill of complaint, and has therein
prayed that injunctions,pendente lite, issue against
the defendants therein, and that a restraining order
bo also ishued restraining the said defendants as
prayed for in said bill from doing or permitting to
bo done the acts in said bill complained of:
Now. therefore, on motion of J.R.Bcckwith and
E. C. Billings, solicitors for complainant, it is or-
dered that thedofondants named in said bill do show
causo on the 13 th day of December, 1872, why in-
junctions, pendente lite, should not be allowed as
prayed for. It is further ordered that said defend-
ants each and every one of thorn bo, and are hereby,
commanded and restrained to tho extent and effect
as iu said bill of complaint prayed [the clerk will
attach to this order a copy of the prayer for injunc-
tion as set forth in said bill of complaint] until the
hearing and determination of said rule for injunc-
tion, and until the further order of tho court in the
premises.
E. II. DURELL, Judge.
To this order, and to explain its scope and
effect, a copy of the prayer for injunction was
attached, as the order directed, as follows :
*' Whereforo your orator humbly prays that your
honor will grant unto him all just and proper relief
in the premises; that you will allow and grant unto
him tho mostgracious writof injunction issued under
the seal of this honorable court, directed to thosaid
defendant, Henry C. Warmoth, enjoining and re-
straining him from in any manner, directly or in-
directly, by himself or through any other officer of
the State, city, or parish, or through any other per-
son, from controlling or attempting to control, in-
terfering with, or attempting to interfere with, the
organization of either branch of this General As-
sembly of tho State of Louisiana, called to assemble
on the 9th day of December, A. I>. 1872, or that may-
be called to assemble at any future day, and from
directly or indirectly, either by himself or through
any other person, preventing any person claiming to
be a member of said General Assembly from having
full and free ingress and egress to and from the place,
building, and room of that branch of said General
Assembly of which he may claim to bo a member,
or from issuing any written or oral order or instruc-
tion, request, or direction, calculated or designed
to directly or indircctly control or interfere with the
organization of either of the branches of said Gen-
eral Assembly, or calculated or designed to prevent
any person from having free access thereto, who
claims to be a member thereof, and from doing any
act, or from giving any order, direction, or making
any request which may, directly or indirectly, pre-
vent or hinder any person from being present and
taking partin tho organization of said senate, called
to convene on the said 9th day of December, or at
any future day. who may bo returned as a member
thereof by the board of returning officers, composed
of said Henry C. Warmoth, George E.Bovee, James
Longstroet, Jacob Hawkins, and John Lynch, and
whose name shall also be transmitted by the said
George E. Bovee, secretary of State, to Charles H,
Merritt, the secretary of the senate of the last Gen-
eral Assembly, and placed by the said Merritt upon
the roll of said senate, so to be convened, and from
in any manner, directly or indirectly, aiding or abet-
ting any person who is not so returned by said re-
turning board as a member of said senate so to be
convened, and whose name is not so transmitted as
a member elected to said senate, and is notao placed
upon the roll of said senate, from participating in
the organization of said senate, and from doing any
act, or from giving any order, direction, or making
any request which may directly or indirectly pre-
vent or hinder any person from being present and
