542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
There was an election held in Louisiana on
the 4th of November last. I have no doubt
that one government has the majority of the
honest votes. I have no doubt that the returns
show the Warmoth government, as it is called,
elected. I have no doubt that set of returns
is the only legal method provided by the con-
stitution of Louisiana of ascertaining, when
they are corrected by the proper tribunal,
which is the true government. On the other
side, the men who claim to be known as the
Pinchback Legislature have organized them-
selves upon affidavits and certificates of super-
visors, not returns, which are not the legal
machinery by which an election in a State is
determined. Then, on a bill to perpetuate
testimony, the United States court, Judge
Durell presiding, took jurisdiction and issued
a temporary injunction for the purpose of
obtaining testimony in regard to those elected,
and keeping the returns where they could be
got at. But he went further, and interfered
with the action of the parties who were not
acting under those returns, to wit, the Pinch-
back goverqment. While I do not pass an
opinion on the action of Judge Durell, yet,
being the action of an organized court, it left
but one duty to the President to do—that is,
to sustain the judgment and orders of the
court. And that is all I understand he has
done. But the effect has been to bring two
governments, both illegal in my judgment, into
action in the State of Louisiana, so that the
State of Louisiana to-day is in the exact state
described by the Greek word anarchia, with-
out government, as Milton personified chaos
as Anarch.
What is our duty? Our duty is under the
clause of the Constitution to guaranty a repub-
lican government in form, which has always
been construed to be to guaranty a republican
government in fact; to give to Louisiana, to
see she has, to take care she has, 8 repub-
lican government in fact representing the
1 wishes of the people clearly shown through
an honest and fair election.
Now this state of public affairs in Louisiana
are known to everybody, and these facts are a
sufficient basis on which this Congress can act.
A resolution is now before the Committee on the
Judiciary which will enable that committee to
report on this subject j and it is because of that
resolution referred to our committee I have
examined this subject with care. I have no
doubt as to the power of Congress to Institute
a new election there, by a commission or by
other meatis which it may deem best, because
all the functions of republican government
have ceased in that State. The whole pur-
pose of government has failed.
What, then, do we want with a committee
of investigation ? If we go to Louisiana to
investigate—and you cannot investigate with
out going down there—long before we get
through with that investigation, Congress will
haVe adjourned to next December, leaving in
that State, as now, "confusion worse con'
founded."
The only result of investigation, however
zealous and however able the committee you
appoint, will be that we shall have a big book
of testimony which none will read, and affairs
then will go on as now.
I see by the public prints that one Legisla-
ture is losihg members and the other side
gaining members, and vice versa, so that they
are both now very nearly without a quorum in
their respective houses. It is doubtful which,
if either, will have a quorum in the Senate.
In the meantime Louisiana is bankrupt and
without the meatis of payment of one Legisla-
ture, much less two. Nobody will lend her a
dollar. Nobody will advance her a cent on
her taxes.
This question of the legal status of her legis-
latures will be bought over on the collection
of every tax bill. Her people are gathering up
their substanee and leaving the State to avoid
these complications and taxations. Therefore
it is, in my judgment, the duty of Congress to
act, and act at once, and to do it for the pur -
pose of carrying out the constitutional provis-
ion to guaranty to the State of Louisiana a
government republican in form and repub-
lican in fact. Because of this need for im-
mediate action I oppose this investigation,
but I do hope, and if it depends on me and
so far as it lies within my power I propose
to bring before this House a bill declaring in
substauce that there is no State government
duly elected and duly returned under the pro-
visions of the constitution of the State and in
accord therewith in Louisiana, and provide
in that contingency for a commissioner to be
appointed from this House, who are the guard-
ians of the rights of all the States, to go down
there and hold a fair and honest election,
wherein all the people having a right to vote
shall vote and elect a State government which
shall command the respect of the people of
Louisiana, being the creature of their votes
honestly thrown, and commanding as well the
respect of the people of the United States.
Mr. SHELDON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. SHELDON. Does he consider that
Congress has facts on which to base such rad-
ical action as that?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
glad to answer that question. I have no doubt,
after very careful examination, and after con-
versation with some of the best constitutional
lawyers who are yet alive, of the power and
right of Congress to do what I have sketched.
That is exactly in the line of our reconstruc-
tion acts.
Mr. DAWES. The question of the gentle-
man from Louisiana was have we fact's enough ?
Mr. BUTLER, of 'Massachusetts. Pardon
me j I misunderstood. Fatcts enough? The
facts on which I have proposed to base my
action are not in dispute. We need not get at
disputed facts, or inquire into disputed facts,
to give us Sufficient grounds for our action.
The facts on the one Side are that there is a
government going on without the use of the
legal machinery to ascertain the fact of the
right of its members to act as such where nt>
election returns have been made public, and
where they are enjoined from being made pub-
lic by the United States court, or being used,
and the government from acting under them.
That is the Warmouth government. And on
the other side the Pinchback government is
going on without even claiming to have any
return; the Pinchback government coming
together upon affidavits, certificates only to
show their election—I make no doubt certifi-
cates showing them truly elected. But cer-
tificates and affidavits are not the legal and
proper evidence which the constitution of
Louisiana for the ascertainment of the election
of its State officers ordained and provided.
Mr. SHELDON. The gehtleman is entirely
mistaken in his facts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
very sorry to differ from the learned gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon.] But I
have seen both sides, and the gentleman from
Louisiana is the first man who-has denied
that while the Pinchback government is
probably right in fact, on certificates and affi-
davits, while they may show themselves elected
by certificates and affidavits—yet they have not
the returns required by law.
Mr. SHELDON. 1 have not disputed that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the only point I care for. What is it that the
gentleman disputes?
Mr. SHELDON. The dispute is this: the
returns have been in the hands of one return-
ing board appointed by Governor Warmoth
and they have made a return. An additional
fact is this: that every United States super-
visor—and there were two at each poll in the
whole of that State—did make returns to the
chief supervisor; and I am told that twenty-
two of the State supervisors have sent to the
Lynch board, which you may call the Pinch-
back board, duplicate returns from those par-
ishes. Now, it so happens that both of those
boards have examined their respective election
returns and have made returns to the Legis-
lature, and both agree to a quorum in both
houses as having been returned. There is no
dispute about that. Another fact is, that the
Pinchback government, so far as Pinchback
is actingas Governor, does not depend on this
election at all, but on the previous election of
the State senate, and his election by the State
senate, under the constitution, as Lieutenant
Governor; and on the impeachment of Gov-
ernor Warmoth he becomes by the constitu-
tion acting Governor of that State.
Mr. BUfLER, of Massachusetts. The facts
stated by the gentleman are not different from
what I supposed, but there is the very diffi-
culty. The supervisors of the United States
are not returning officers at all for the elec-
tion of State officers of Louisiana. They are
simply to certify the returns of the election of
; United States officers. They have no more
power to make a return in State elections, in
i and of themselves, by the act we passed called
the enforcement act, than you or I have. And
therefore I call their returns certificates. And
I claim, as the gentleman claims, that the
Pinchback government, as a new Legislature,
as a government holding under the election of
November 24, is alone standing on their cer-
tificates and affidavits; whereas on the other
side they have the returns duly made by the
returning officers, but they dare not show
them, and are enjoined by the court from using
them. And while I do not believe those re-
turns to be true, because there are some sup-
pressions of returns—I believe some in the
gentleman's own district—the officers having
refused to make returns, yet it is shown by the
only legal and required returns made that that
government is elected.
Then the fundamental difficulty is this:
the State government depends upon who
reads and interprets the returns and certifi-
cates on the one side or the other. And this is
intensified by the fact that every man in the
Legislature sits in judgment in his own cause,
because he not only claims his election under
these returns as he interprets them, but the
very body itself to which he is elected depends
on his interpretation of those returns. And
therefore, on the one side and on the other,
the two bodies do not decide the question
which sometimes comes before this House and
other legislative bodies, whether-a particular
member is elected. But they decide the ques-
tion whether the Legislature itself has any
existence as a governing body as against an-
other body which also claims to be a Legisla-
ture.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to have two minutes more. [Cries of
"GoonI" "Goon!"] I have no desire to
go into this investigation to set up one or the
other of these parties.
Mr. SHELDON. Nor do I.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then you
and I agree. The point I make is that we
know enough already to know that there is
anarchy in Louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON. Not a bit of it; it is as
quiet and peaceable there to-day as it is in this
House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me; peace is one thing and anarchy is another.
There may be peace and quiet in Louisiana,
as there was in 1862, because there were bay-
onets to command it, but there was no State
government in Louisiana in 1862, and there is
none now in Louisiana by a vote of the people.
In my judgment that is anarchy. Anarchy
does not mean violence; it does not mean dia-
