206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
taking part in the organization of said house eailed
to convene on the said 9th day of December, or that
may be called to convene at any future day, who
may be returned as a member thereof by the board
of returning officers composed of the said Henry 0.
Warmoth, George E. Bovee, James Longstreet,
Jacob Hawkins, and John Lynch, and whose name
shall also be transmitted by tbe said George E. Bo-
vee. secretary of State, to William Vigers, the sec-
retary of the house of the last General Assembly,
and placed by the said William Vigers upon the roll
of said houso so to bo convened, and from in any
manner directly or indirectly aiding or abetting any
person who is not so returned by said returning
Doard as a member of said house so to be convened,
and whose name is not so transmitted as a member
elected to said house, and is not so plaoed upon the
roll of said house, from participating in the organ-
ization of said house.
14 Except that the said Henry C. Warmoth is not
hereby prohibited from participating in the canvass
and return of the members elected to the said
branches of said General Assembly, so as to bo con-
vened, provided he do the same in conjunction with
and in the presence of said George E. Bovee, James
Longstreet, Jacob Hawkins, and John Lynch, but
not otherwise. And that he further beenjoinedand
restrained from in any manner obstructing or hin-
dering the said William Vigers, clerk of the house
of representatives, or the said secretary of tho son-
ate, Charles II. Merritt, in the free and unobstructed
discharge of their duties, or in full and complete
obedience to the orders of this court, and from sus-
pending. removing them, or either of them from
office, or appointing or ordering, or abetting any
other person or persons to perform any act which by
law or tho orders of this court devolves on either the
said Vigers. Merritt, or upon George E. Bovee, sec-
retary of State, and from recognizing any validity in
any act done or performed by any other person or
persons pretending to act in the office or capaoity of
either of said officers.
"And that awrit of injunction may also issue, di-
rected to A. S. Badger, chief of metropolitan police,
and to each member of the board of tho metropol-
itan police, and to tho board of metropolitan police,
enjoining and restraining them and each of thorn
from interfering in any manner with the organiza-
tion of either branch of tho General Assembly to be
convened on the 9th of December, A. D. 1872, or at
any time thereafter, except to preserve the peace,
and to prevent no person from having access to
either of tho halls of said houses who is certified by
George E. Bovee as being a member-elect of the
same.
"And that writs of injunction also issue, directed
to the said E. Booth, A. Voorhies, A. J. Lewis, B. F.
Jonas, T. B. Stamps, D. S. Cage, It. C. White,'X. C.
Anderson, J. M. Thompson, E. S. Weber, A. S. Her-
ron, Robert Worrall, 0. H. Brewster. E.M.Graham,
J. W. McDonald, A. H. Leonard, C. J. C. Puckett,
James G. White, J. F. Kelly, enjoiningand restrain-
ing them and each of them from participating in
any manner in the organization of the senate to bo
convened on the 9th day of December, A. D.1872, or
at any time thereafter, or from doing any act or
thing toward, in, or about the organization of said
senate, either by casting a vote or otherwise, unless
his name shall be and appear on the list of names of
members of said senate transmitted to tho secretary
of the same by George E. Bovee, secretary of State,
as having been elected thereto.
"And that a writ of injunction also issue to the
said J. J. Mellon and James Tiwony, J. A. Shake-
speare, J. A. Rice, J. J. Finney, E. H. McCaleb,
Charles Montaldo, W. B. Barrett,,W.L. Stanford/!.
B. Blanchard, jr., F. C. Zacharie, F. Fusillier, V. 0.
King, A. Garidel, L. S. Rodenguez, John Barrow,
John Delaney, William Stevens, W. C. Kinsella, C.
Kummell, J. B. Eustis, J. McConnell, A, J. Dumont,
E. L. Bowers, E, Riviere. P. Landry, C. N. Lewis,
E. B.Cox.NumaVives, I. J. Edwards, W.K.Johns-
ton, T. L. Mills, T. Bynum.J. S. Gardore, J. L.
Lobdell, W. S. Cockernam, W. H. Scanlan, L. P.
Sandidge, J. C. Moncure, George L. Smith, J. Sella
Martin, W. H. Kirkman, Thomas J. Humble, Paul
Jones, George C. Bonham, Cain Sartain, Allen J.
Davis, W. F. Moreland, Thomas Price, David Young,
George Washington, J. P. Elarn, A. F. Stephenson,
John Goir, James Laws, James W. Armstoad, I. W.
Norris, J. H. Hadnot, L. A. Snaer, J. K.Cavanaugh,
E. A. ^Iubin, William Kern, C. W. Lowell, J. D.
Xrahan, John S. Billim, 0. Ilarang, T. G. Davidson,
James R. McDowell, C. C. Davenport, E. L. Pier-
eon, W. A. Ponder, W. F. Southard, D. Hill, II.
Mahoney, J. P, Harris, L. B. Claiborne, h. Texada,
John J. Swan, J. G. P. Hooe, E. W. Dewees, H. J),
Vickers, J. F. Smith, R. V. Ducros, M. Hahn, D. K.
Gorman, Henry Demas, Benjamin R. Gantt, J. J.
Little, E. D. Estilette, L. D. Prescott, V. Boohon,
L. A. Martinet, James Costello, M. J. Foster, J. Or.
Tate, J. R. Stewart, J. S. Mathews, J. J. Booles, P.
Fonteliu, J. R. Smart, A. C. Bickham, J. P. Schultz,
William A. Strong, enjoining and restraining them
and each of them from participating in any manner
in the organization of the house of representatives,
to be convened on the 9th day of December, A. D.
J872, or at any time thereafter, or from doing any act
or thing toward, in, or about the organization of the
same, either by casting a vote or otherwise, unless
his name shall be and appear on the list of names of
members of said house transmitted to tho clerk of
the same by George E. Bovee, secretary of State, as
having been elected to the same.
"And that a writ of injunction may also be issued.
directed to Charles H. Merritt, secretary of the sen-
ate of tho last General Assembly, enjoining and re-
straining him from placing, causing, or suffering to
be placed upon the roll of the senate to be convened
on the 5th of December, A. D. 1872, or at any time
thereafter, or from placing, causing, or suffering to
be plaoed upon any list of members-elect to said
last-mentioned senate, or from announcing, causing,
or suffering to bo announced, as a member eleoted
to said last-mentioned senate, or from recognizing,
or causing, or suffering to be recognized, as a mem-
ber elected to said last-montioned senate, or from in
any manner designating, or causing, or suffering to
be designated as a member to the said last-mentioned
senate, prior or during the organization thereof, any
Serson whose name shall not be transmitted to him
y George E. Bovee, the secretary of State, upon a
list of the names of such persons as havo been elected
to the said last-montionod senate, and irom in any
manner acting upon any other list excopttho one so
transmitted by the said George E. Bovee, in the or-
ganization of the last-mentioned senate,and to dis-
regard in said organization ill other lists.
"And that a writ of injunction may also issue
directed to William Vigors, clerk of the house of
representatives^ thelastGeneral Assembly, enjoin-
ing and restraining him from placing, causing, or
suffering to bo placed upon the roll of the house of
representatives, to be convened on the9th of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1872, or at any time thereafter, or from
filacing, causing, or suffering to be placed upon any
ist of members elected to said last-mentioued
house, or from announcing, causing, or suffering to
be announoed as a member elected to said last-
mentioned house of representatives, or from reoog-
nizing, or causing, or suffering to be recognized as a
member elected to said last-mentioned house of rep-
resentatives, or from in any manner designating, or
causing, or suffering to bo designatod as a member
to the said last-mentioned houso prior or during the
organization thereof any person whose name Shall
not be transmitted to him- by George E. Bovee, the
secretary of State, upon a list of tho names of such
persons as have been elected to tho said last-mon-
tioned houso of representatives, and from in any
manner acting upon any other list except the one so
transmitted by the said George E. Bovoe in the
organization of the last-mentioned house of repre-
sentatives, and to disregard in said organization all
other lists.
"And that a writ of injunction also issue directed
to said George E. Boveo, enjoining «ind restraining
him from receiving any return or returns of the
election of any State officers or of the members of
either branch of the Goneral Assembly of the State
of Louisiana, excepting such returns as may bo re-
ceived by or filed in the ollice of him as socretary
of State from the board of returning officers, and a
majority of the samo, composed of Henry C. War-
moth, James Longstreet, and Jacob Hawkins, and
John Lynch, and himself, and from delivoring, caus-
ing, or suffering to be delivered to any speaker of
tho house of representatives any return excopt re-
ceived and filed as above stated of any election what-
ever, or from making, or causing, or suffering to be
made, any list of names of the members eleoted to
either branch of the General Assembly, oxcept from
and according to returns so received or filed, as above
stated.
" That a writ of injunction also issue directed to
the said Jack Wharton and Samuol Armsteadand
each of them, enjoining and restraining them and
each of them from receiving any returnsof theelee-
tions held in theState of Louisianaon thefirstMon-
day of November last past, for members of tho Gen-
eral Assembly, or from transmitting to William
Vigers, the clerk of the house of representatives, or
to Charles JUL. Merritt, tho secretary of tho senate of
tho last General Assembly, or to any other person
any list of names which is or purports to be a list of
names of such persons, as on tho name of any per-
son who, according to any returns, shall havo been,
or shall be stated, or claimed, or assumed to have
been elected to either branch of the General Assem-
bly, called to convene on tbe 9th day of December,
A. D. 1872, or that may bo called to convene at any
future time, and from making any statement or do-
ing anything calculated or designed to furnish a
basis for tho organization of either of said branches
of tho 8 iid General Assembly, or from delivering or
interfering, conniving at, or aiding, or suffering any
other person to deliver to tho speaker of tho house
of representatives, or any other person, any returns
of any election whatever.
"And that writs of inj unction may also issue direct
to the said Thomas Isabelie, P. S. Wiltz, J. S, Tay-
lor, J. E. Austin, and G. Do Ferriet also issue
againstthe said H, C. Warmoth, Jack Wharton,
Frank H. Hatch, and Durant Da Ponte, command-
ing them and each of them to refrain and desist
from pretending to act together as a board of re-
turning officers or as returning officers of elections,
from canvassing or attempting to canvass, or con-
sider any certificate, document, affidavit, return,
statement of votes, or any paper whatsoever prop-
erly relating to said election, and from attempting
to make a canvass, declare, or publish any pre-
tended deduction, calculation, statement, or proc-
lamation based theron, or pretended to be derived
therefrom, in anyway relating or pertaining to said
election, held on the 4th day of November, 1872,
or certifying to any candidate for office at said elec-
tion, any certificate of election, or any statement of
the result of said election tending to show any right
to office in any person growing out of ballots cast
at said election, and from meddling with, altering,
and suppressing, fasifying, obliterating, or destroy-
ing any document, paper, voucher, proof, state-
ment of votes, or certificates relating to said elec-
tion.
" I hcroby certify that the foregoing is a true and
correct copy of the complainant's prayer for injunc-
tion in his bill of complaint in the cause of CsesaT
C. Antoino vs. Henry C. Warmoth et al$., No. 6851 of
the docket of the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Louisiana, referred to and made a
part of the subjoined restraining order.
[l. s.j F. A. WOOLFLEY, Clerk.
January 3,1873.
United States of America, circuit court of tho Uni-
ted States, fifth circuit and district of Louisiana.
Clerk's Officb.
I, Francis A. Woolfley, clerk of the circuit court
of the United States for the fifth circuit and district
of Louisiana, do hereby certify that the foregoing
pages contain and form a full, complete, true, and
perfect transcript of the record and proceedings
had, except entries from minutes of continuances,
«fec., in the case of C. C. Antoino vs. II. C. Warmoth
et ah., No. 6851 of the docket, so far as the same now
remains of record or on file in said court.
Witness my hand and the seal of said court, at the
[lb] city of New Orleans, this 3d day of January,
A. D. im.
F. A. WOOLFLEY, Clerk.
Mr. President, it is difficult to restrain the
indignation which such coaduct on the part of
a Federal judge naturally inspires. The order
was issued for no purpose but to control the
organization of a State Legislature, a thing
altogether beyond the power of any Federal
tribunal, or the United States themselves, to
accomplish. It was issued in open aud shame-
less defiance of all law, and in utter disregard
of the line of demarkation between Federal
and State jurisdiction. And I will not
trust myself longer to dwell upon this most
reprehensible usurpation. Protected by this
usurpation, protected by Federal troops, the
Kellogg Legislature was organized. This is
the government which my honorable friend
from Indiana says has all the sanctions of the
law, the government recognized by the su-
preme court of that State, recognized by Federal
authority ; and this is the government which
he says is so peacefully and quietly going on
with the exercise of its powers in Louisiana!
But, says the Seuator from Indiana, here you
have a government without any pretense of an
election, a Legislature shown not to be elected;
a Legislature organized by Federal interfer-
ence, aided by Federal troops, with no more
pretense of right to exercise the sovereign
power of that State to-day than I have; and
yet he says u let us stand by that organization
with the power of the United States, and it
will not be ten days until the people of Louis-
iana will be as quiet as mice.'7 Why, undoubt-
edly, Mr. President, you may trample any
State under foot, and when they see you are
determined to do it, when they see your Army
and Navy advancing, when they see ^he ban-
ners of irresistible power unfurled against
them, who doubts that they will be quiet? That
means that a subjugated people will submit,
and it means no more. 44 Oh,'* says he,
i 1 having recognized this government, let us
stand by it, let us sustain it, and it will not be
ten days until that people will submit to it
with perfect quiet." That reminds one of the
order that was sent back from Warsaw to Mos-
cow when Russian paws had been laid upon
that city, and its liberties had been crushed
forever: the military officer sent a dispatch
saying, " order reignsin WarsawYes, but
it was the peace of death which was facetiously
called order.
I do-not question that; but I ask you, Mr.
President, and I want to ask every Republican
Senator here, responsible for his administra-
tion, responsible for the exercise of Federal
power for four years to come, if you wish to
silence the murmurs of a people in a way like
this ? Do you wish to secure tranquility *in
Louisiana by burying the rights and liberties
of that people, and placing the foot of a con*
