18t3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
42d Cong 3d Sess.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter,
Senate.
querer upon their necks ? If so, yon undoubt-
edly have the power to compel their submis-
sion to the Kellogg government. " Oh," says
the Senator, "if you do not recognize the
Kellogg government, if you do not stand by
this fraud and sanctify it with the mantle of
your authority, you will violate State rights ;
no State will be safe.'' I take a little malicious
pleasure in seeing the honorable Senator from
Indiana driven on to the State rights platform.
I occupied that ground in the Senate two or
three years ago and he • read me out of the
party, [laughter,] and I congratulate him at
last that he now stands where I did then,
defending what he believes to be the rights of
the States. I fully concur with him upon that
subject. While I scout the idea of State sov-
ereignty as he does, and while it is a fact that
State rights have been brought iuto disrepute
by the scandalous abuse of terms which Mr.
Calhoun and his associates applied not to State
right but to unfounded State pretension, it is
equally true that the States have rights which
the Congress of the United States must respect.
To trample upon them is to trample upon the
just constitutional rights of the States. I make
these remarks that I may not be deemed to
differ with the Senator upon that point.
Mr. President, the Senator from Indiana is
a shrewd and sagacious politician, and he is
one of the acknowledged leaders of our party ;
but let me say to him that we have reached
a point where we must be honest, whether we
are inclined to be so or not. [Laughter.]
We have reached a point where our interest
compels us to be honest. It is of no sort of
consequence to us whether Louisiana is Demo-
cratic or Republican; it is all-important that
it should be one or the other as the people of
that State may determine, and that we should
deal with it in a way that we can go before our
own people and vindicate. I would like to
see anybody on the stump during the next
canvass in Wisconsin defending this Kellogg
government on the testimony taken here from
the members of the Lynch board, taken by the
committee.
After Federal interference has established a
Eovernment in defiance of the laws of the
tate, to say, and say with a straight face,
that a wholesome regard for the rights of the
State requires us to sustain it, and thus con-
tinue the wrong, rather than order a reelection
by which the real wishes of the people can be
ascertained and made effectual and the outrage
be corrected-, evinces a degree of gravity which
I not only do not possess, but which I am un-
able to comprehend.
Mr. President, I had occasion to say the
other day that in all this business I see nothing
for which to censure the President of the
United States. It was said by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbtjll] that even if the
President did act in the first instance without
sufficient information, he ought to have found
out what the fact was soon after. Why, Mr.
President, your committee were engaged four
weeks in examining this case with advantages
which the President did not have ; with power
to call persons before them and examine them
on oath, which the President did not have}
with power to bringinto your committee-room
the records of the State government, which the
President did not have; with leisure to exam-
ine the papers and the facts and circumstances
of the ease; and yet, after three weeks exam-
ination we were unable to agree among our-
selves as to the principles of law to be applied
to this state of facts. The President of the
United States was compelled to actashedid in
this instance. If he is informed by telegram
that the orders of a Federal court are being
resisted at Bangor, or at San Francisco, or at
Mobile, or in Oregon, he cannot go there and
examine the record; nor can he wait for the
records to be sent to him here. It is true, as
was said by a Senator on the other side of the
circle, that a void order binds nobody, protects
nobody. That is true, but speaking of the duty
of the President as an administrative officer,
what safer guide can he have than the decisions
of the courts ?
Mr. President, passing the pretense that
Kellogg's government is entitled to our sup-
port, let me come to the McEnery government;
and here I can only say what our report does,
that if Congress is determined not to take the
responsibility of ordering a reelection, then the
McEnery government must be recognized.
Mr. MORTON. Precisely.
Mr. CARPENTER. "Precisely!" There
is no doubt about that. There is not the
slightest misunderstanding about where our
different views lead to.
Mr. MORTON. I knew the Senator was
coming to that.
Mr. CARPENTER. You ought to have
known it. The report came to it several days
ago; and, Mr. President, the Senator and my-
self have discussed this matter in very unam-
biguous language. He could not have the
slightest doubt about what I wks coming to,
and he could not have the slightest doubt
about the conclusion to which I had arrived
many days ago; and that is this, that you are
either to stand by that election and what there
is of it, or you are to set it aside and hold that
it was so fraudulent that nothing could result
from it, and order a new election. Now let
us see if that is not so. That there was an
election in fact is conceded on all hands; that
returns were made from most of the parishes
to the Governor of the State is an admitted
fact. We had those returns before us in our
committee; ttyey were examined there by dif-
ferent parties interested; and it was conceded
on all hands that those returns showed that
McEnery was elected by five or six thousand
majority.
Mr. MORTON. It is an hour since I inter-
rupted the Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then I will yield.
Mr. MORTON. By the kindness of my
friend from Wisconsin I will say a word. He
started out by showing that the election and
the returns, as presented under the manipula-
tion of Governor Warmoth, were an immense
fraud, about which there is no sort of doubt.
Mr. CARPENTER, Had you not better
let me make this speech? [Laughter.] I
have 110 doubt you could make it better, but I
would rather make it myself.
Mr. MORTON. I thought my friend allowed
me to interpose ; but as he sees what I am
coming to 1 will not.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator wants
to call my attention to any fact that I may
have omitted, it is entirely proper that he
should interrupt me ; but I do not wish him to
answer me at the end of every paragraph. He
may rely on the intelligence of the Senate and
let errors go for two hours, certain that he will
live that length of time to correct them.
I stated, Mr. President, what the Senator
had said. I am going now to restate it, and it
was not necessary for the Senator to interrupt
mo to induce me to do so. In my opinion the
election last November was so manipulated
that the returns made do not truthfully record
the will, the purpose, the intention of the
voters of that State, and 1 say that if Congress
proposes to deal with this matter with whole-
some rigor, proposes to deal with it as a bold
surgeon does with a soro on the body of his
patient, not by plastering over what cannot be
healed, but by applying the knife and extend-
ing it all around the diseased parts, then I say
Congress should pass the bill which your com-
mittee have reported ; but if Congress is not
disposed to do that, either out of respect to
State rights, so called, or out of fear that they
may establish a precedent to be abused here-
after, or for any reason whatever; if Con-
gress intends to say they will not order
a reelection, but must determine what was
accomplished by the last November elec-
tion and stand by it, then I maintain that we
ought to recognize the McEnery government.
We have not been able to go to the polls and
count the votes; we have only such testimony
as in such cases can be received, testimony
which satisfies your committee that the election
was so fraudulent that the election itself ought
not to be regarded as having any effect what-
ever. At the same time, if you start back from
that proposition and look around for a govern-
ment growing out of that election, then 1 say
the McEnery government is the only one that
has any show of right.
Mr. MORTON. You prefer that fraud.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 prefer it, fbr the
obvious reason that it is a Bmaller fraud. In
one direction I like great things ; in the other I
like the smaller best. The honorable Senator
from Indiana differs from me in this respect.
His ad miration of greatness extends to frauds
as well as to virtues.
Why does it result that the McEnery govern-
ment is to be recognized? Simply because it
is conceded on all hands—the Senator himself
concedes—that the returns which have been
made show that government to be elected.
There is nothing to show that Kellogg is elect-
ed—nothing whatever. It is conceded he was
not.
Mr. MORTON. Your report shows it.
Mr. CARPENTER. It will not be pre-
tended except in a joke. Kellogg does not
pretend it in his bill in the United States
court; he says he would have been elected if
the election had been honest; but he does not
pretend he was elected. He says he would
have been elected if from three to five thou-
sand citizens had not been wrongfully denied
the right to vote. He does not claim that they
did vote. There is no testimony to show that
the returns made from the elections to the
Governor arc not substantially a faithful rep-
resentation of the ballots deposited in the
ballot-boxes; and if the returns are to be
considered, then the McEnery government is
undoubtedly elected.
I am satisfied from the testimony that the
McEnery government, although in fact elected,
was nevertheless elected by such gross and all-
pervading fraud as ought to vitiate the elec-
tion. It is in evidence that the managers of the
election threw every possible difficulty in the
way of registration, and purposely established
the voting places at inaccessible points in the
Republican districts, so that in some cases
voters had to travel over twenty miles to reach
the polls, and that this was systematically done
throughout the State for the purpose of pre-
venting, and that it did prevent a fair ex-
pression of public sentiment at the election
polls. For these reasons your committee have
not felt themselves justified in recommending
recognition of the McEnery government, but
here recommended that both the Kellogg gov-
ernment, and the McEnery government should
be discarded: The McEnery government is
the creature of fraud, and the Kellogg gov-
ernment is the creature of fraud and usurpa-
tion, and your committee have recommended
what seemed to them the fairest and best
method of dealing with this imbroglio, that
is a new election by the people of that State.
It seems to me this is the most harmless
course we can pursue, the course least offens-
ive to State pride, and least injurious to State
rights. There can be no great wrong when
doubt exists as to the result of an election in
referring the question again to the people, and
I hope this course may be pursued.
After remarks by Mr. Thubman and Mr.
Hill, the Senate, at five o'clock, took a recess
until seven o'clock p. m. The Senate, on re-
