1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
That since the discovery of the embezzlement yonr
petitioner has resorted to every means in his power
to recover the amount embezzled, and did recover
from the estate of A. C. Barta, by decision of the
Probate Court of Santa Fc, New Mexico, $3,000, and
from his trunk (turned over by his administrator)
checks amounting to $471 62. making a total of
$3,471 62 recovered, and leaving unrecovered $844 63.
Yonr petitioner invites your honorable attention
to the following named accompanying affidavits and
letters, <fcc„ setting forth the facts and supporting
the statement of them, and prays that you may grant
him relief in this sum, and that $844 63 may be
allowed him in the settlement of his accounts.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now send up a letter
which I desire to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office Commissary General Subsistence,
Washington City, January 81,1873.
Sir : It was at my instance, as Commissary Gen-
eral of Subsistence, that Captain and Brevet Colonel
Charles McClure, commissary of subsistence, was
placed on duty n- chief commissary of the military
district of New Mexico, ahd I have been cognizant
of the manner in which he performed his various
and responsible duties.
Captain McClure is a most faithful, valuable and
successful officer, and is entitled to and has received
the highest credit from this office for the admirable
manner in which he managed the affairs of the sub-
sistence department in New Mexico.
It will be an act of justice to a most worthy and
faithful officer to relieve him from the responsibility
for the loss arising from the dishonesty of one of
the clerks of his office.  
A. B. EATON,
Commissary General Subsistence.
Chairman op Committee on Military Affairs,
House of Representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before this bill passes I
desire to ask a question of the gentleman from
Michigan, and it is whether any proceedings
were instituted against the defaulting clerk?
Mr. PIATT. The bill has been passed,
and I object to debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON. This clerk died about
the time Captain McClure discovered the rob-
bery. He instituted suit against the estate of
the clerk and recovered, I think, $5,000, leav-
ing a deficit of a little over $800.
Mr. HOLMAN. Under those circumstan-
ces I do not object to the passage of the bill,
and withdraw my motion to reconsider.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION CLAIMS.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4016) to
amend section six of the act of July 4, 1864 ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that no
pension claims now on file, unless prosecuted
to a successful issue within three years from
the passage of this act, and no claim hereafter
filed not thus prosecuted to a successful issue
within five years, shall be admitted without
record evidence from the War Department to
establish the fact that the claimant was a sol-
dier in the service of the United States at the
time the wound was received or the disability
incurred for which the pension is claimed.
The bill further requires certain medical testi-
mony in relation to the disability.
Mr STOUGHTON. I desire to say a word
or two in relation to this measure. It relates
to an alleged grievance of the wounded sol-
diers of the country. I briefly call the atten-
tion of the House to the act now proposed to
be amended, which reads as follows:
That no pension claim now on file, unless P^ose-
cuted to a successful issue within three J®??® :f|? d
the passage of this act, and no claim hereafter file
not thus prosecuted to a successful is.su« «ithm hve
years from the date of such filing,
without satisfactory record evidence from the War
Department to establish the same.
The difficulty occurs from the construction
which is given in the Pension Bureau to the
latter clause of this section, "to establish the
same." The object and design of the law un-
questionably was that under the limitation pre-
scribed there should be such evidence from
the War Department as is usually kept there
filed in the case, with other evidence, to estab-
lish the facts necessary to be established. But
the Pension Bureau, in its narrow and illiberal
rulings, have practically decided that unless
the whole ease for a pension can be estab-
lished upon proof to come alone from the War
Department no pension can be granted.
Of course there seldom or never is evidence
enough in the War Department alone to make
out a case for a pension. The consequence is
that case after case, as meritorious as any that
was ever presented to the Pension Bureau, is
rejected, and all over the country can be found
men who have lost arins or legs, or both, who
are unable to obtain anything from the pension
fund. It may be that such a construction as
that will reduce the expenditures of the Pen-
sion Bur.eau, but I submit that that is not what
the people of this country most desire.
In order that gentlemen may have a full
understanding of this matter, I propose to call
their attention to a few of these remarkable
rulings by the Pension Bureau. I send to the
Clerk's desk, and ask to have read, decision
No. 171, by the Secretary of the Interior, and
dated June 12, 1872.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Satisfactory record evidence from the "W"ar De-
partment to establish the same: section six, law of
The above refers to evidence from the Adjutant
General's office, orSurgeon General, as to disability,
or cause of death, as well as service. It cannot be
regarded as " satisfactory" in invalid cases, even
though the record name the disability as existent dur-
ing the service, unless it be incident to the service,
and the same as that on account of which pension is
claimed; or the latter is clearly a sequence thereof,
and in eases of claimants on account of death of the
soldier, unless the cause of death be named in said
record evidence and the said named cause be in-
cident to the service. In either class of cases the
record evidence above sta ted as satisfactory should
not pass a claim unless the disability or cause of
death be shown bysaid record to have been incurred
in the line of duty. ,
Eliminated by instructions, (see. 175../
B. R. COWAN.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now ask the Clerk
to read ruling one hundred and seventy-five,
dated October 81, 1872.
The Clerk read as follows:
Claim of <J. H. White and Henry J. Lyda.
" In both these cases the record evidence showed
service and ^contraction of disability on account of
which pension is claimed, but not that said disability
was contracted or received in the line ot duty.. After
the term of limitation prescribed by section six, act
of July 4,1864. had expired, parol evidence was pro-
duced to show contraction of disability in line ot
duty, and instructions whether, m ruling of JunelA
1872 (No. 171)sueh parol evidence should be received
in completing said claims were requested by the
acting Commissioner. The acting Secretary directed
.the elimination of the words ' or by parol proof
from the concluding paragraph of said ruling, ana
^^I^am clearly of the opinion that no claim for
pension which has not been successfully prosecuted
to a favorable issue within five years from the date
of its filing, or three years from the passage of the act
of Julv 4,1864, as the case may be, should be admit-
ted without satisfactory record evidence from the
War Department to complement what is wanting in
the case: in other words, that in all such cases, what-
ever may be wanting to complete the claim in accord-
ance with the requirements of the pension laws
must be supplied by such record evidence within
term of limitation beforesuch claim can be allowed.
Mr. STOUGHTON. That is to say, no
evidence can be brought in that does not
come from the War Department. Of course
that would defeat every claim that stands on
that basis. I propose now to call attention
briefly to some cases decided under rule No.
175. William A. Taylor was wounded in the
ankle at the battle of Pair Oaks, May 81,
1862. The record evidence from the Adjutant
General's office establishes the fact that he
was wounded at the battle of Fair O&lsSj May
31 1862. The Surgeon General reports that
he'was admitted into the hospital for treatment
of gunshot wound, and that he was discharged
from the hospital by reason of varicose veins.
The claim for a pension was rejected because
the report from the Adjutant General's office
did not show the location of the wound. The
Pension Bureau would not allow the man him-
self to introduce evidence even to show that
he had been wounded.
Here is another case: a soldier claimed a
pension "for a wound received at the battle of
Stone River, December 31,1862. The records
of the Adjutant General's office show that he
was wounded at that battle at that time, and
sent to the hospital. The report of the Sur-
geon General shows that he was admitted to
hospital at Nashville, Tennessee, January 2,
1863, from the field, for a gunshot wound
through both hips received at Stone river,
December 31, 1862. It was decided by the
Pension Bureau that in the above case if the
soldier does not prove that he was wounded in
the line of duty, his claim, under ruling No.
175, is barred, for the reason that the official
records fail to show that he was wounded at
the "battle" of Stone river, or in action at
said place. Yet every one does or should
know that there was an engagement on said
date at that place.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. From what source
does the Government derive those statements?
Mr. STOUGHTON. They are statements
facts I have myself gathered concerning cases
that have been rejected by the Pension Bureau.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not surprised
at all by those statements.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask the Clerk to read
another ruling from the Pension Bureau, ruling
No. 76.
The Clerk read as follows:
The testimony of a commissioned officer and of a
family physician should not be accepted as sufficient
evidence in claims'for disease as the origin of the
disability. All such cases evidently involve a med-
ical question, which require medical evidence of
treatment during service. . .
J. H. BAKER, Uommwnoner.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Under that ruling a
soldier, if he cannot get the certificate of his
commissioned officer, is deprived of his pen-
sion. For instance, a wounded soldier may
have been captured by the enemy, and all the
treatment he ever received may have been bad
treatment while in their hands, and because
no one of his own officers was with him and
can give him a certificate, he must lose his
pension.
I yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Moore.]
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, tbe gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stoughtojj] is_ utterly
mistaken in reference to the whole subject that
he brings up here. In the first place, there is
a law of Congress providing that certain pen-
sion cases depending upon the records of the
War Department for their completion must be
completed within five years or the cases will
die. The consequence is that quite a number
of persons have failed to get their cases com-
pleted within five years, and their cases have
been laid aside as barred.
Now the gentleman from Michigan states
that unless the soldier can show by a certificate
of a commissioned officer that he was wounded,
and wounded in the line of duty, he-cannot
obtain a pension. Why, Mr. Speaker, there
is no such provision of our pension laws, and
no such ruling of the Pension Office. The fact
of the case is that parol evidence, if sufficiently
clear, will remove any difficulty which may
exist in such a case.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I call the gentleman's
attention to ruling seventy-six of the Pension
Bureau. . cc ■ <-
Mr. MOORE. Parol evidence, if sufficient,
is received to contradict the records of the
War Department; but if within five years the
applicant fails to produce evidence to correct
the War Department record, the case then dies.
Now, I'call attention to a single case, that
of a Mrs. Stevenson, who applied in proper
form for a pension. When that case was
referred, as all such cases are, to the Depart-
