1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
turbance; it means being without & govern-
ment, without any legal controlling magis-
tracy, whether legislative or executive j and
the State of Louisiana being without a govern-
ment as much as if an earthquake had sunk
the city of New Orleans with the whole State
government in it, the question is what is to
be done and who is to do it V I say it is the
duty of somebody to give new governmental
officers to the State, to furnish the people of
the State the means of electing a new State
government.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask my colleague
a question. If it be true as he says, that there
are facts beyond dispute which call for action
on the part of Congress, requiring a new
election at once, would it not be better to
raise this committee, who can report the facts
in twenty-tour hours, so that Congress may
have something upon which to base its action ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The an-
swer to that is that if my colleague ever knew
of a committee of this House that reported in
twenty-four hours I will withdraw my sugges-
tion. I never knew one that reported in twenty-
four days upon such a subject. Committees
of investigation generally sit a long time. I
desire action at once, and I will go as far as
any man to take instant action to remedy the
present condition of affairs in Louisiana,
which I regard as a disgrace to the country.
MESSAGfc FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. 0. E.
Babcock, his Private Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed
the bill (H. R. No. 3122) to authorize the
employment of keepers and crews of gurfmen
for the life-saving stations on the coast of Cape
Cod and Block Island, and for other purposes.
He also communicated to the House of
Representatives a message in writing from
the President.
AFFAIRS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speakef, the
very fact which has been demonstrated here
to the House in the last fifteen minutes that
members disagree as to the facts in the Louis-
iana case is a sufficient justification, it seems
to me, for asking For this committee. The
member from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon,]
fresh from the seat of disturbance, directly
from New Orleans, the Representative of one
of the districts of that city, states the facts
in one way, and the member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr, Butler,] coming from another
direction, states the facts in another way, and
proposes, instead of appointing a committee
to ascertain and report the facts to the House,
to put in his congressional sickle, and cut
them all down without any official report.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts I call
the attention of the gentleman, if he will allow
me, to the fact that the gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Sheldon] does not disagree as to
the facts
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The otily methed
by which Congress can ascertain the facts and
put them in a shape, so that they may be re-
garded as official and authentic, is by the
agency of a committee. We have no standing
committee charged with this matter. It is
therefore necessary, if we desire to get the
facts in official and authentic form, that we
should raise a select committee, In order that
those facts tnay be presented in a perfectly
authentic form,.more authentic than any com-
mittee could possibly obtain them by groping
around among the newspapers or here in
Washington. It is asked that a committee
shall visit New Orleans, and in the Shortest
possible period ascertain the facts and report
them to the House. I do not believe it would
take the committee a month or three weeks,
or even two weeks, to get the facts. If the
facts of the case are as patent as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts says a committee
can ascertain them very easily by visiting New
Orleans and gathering them together.
Mr. SHELDON. Let me state the fact that
there is no dispute that the State is perfectly
peaceable.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I doubt very much
myself; and it is my opinion that there is
scarcely a member of this House who does
not doubt the propriety and the possibility of
putting any such bill through this House as
the gentleman from Massachusetts refers to
until we do get the facts in an authentic form
which will warrant it.
The uprooting of the established govern-
ment of a State is no trifling matter. These
chickens may come home to roost in another
quarter. These proceedings, by which it is
proposed to overturn a State government by
congressional action before you take pains to
ascertain whether or not they have a legitimate
government—why, sir, gentlemen may re-
gard it as a trifling matter as applied to the
State of Louisiana, but it will be no trifling
matter when in some future era it may be
thought proper to apply it to the State of Mas-
sachusetts or the State of New York.
But whether there is such anarchy and such
absence of a legitimate government as to war-
rant the Congress of the United States in over-
throwing the pretended and professed govern-
ments there and establishing one for them is
another thing. Our reconstruction acts were
based upon the fact of the rebellion, upon the
fact that those States had abolished all the
governments which were in harmony with the
Government of the United States; that there
was perfect anarchy and absence of any State
government in relation with the Government
of the United States. That was my doctrine.
That doctrine was sustained by the decisions
of the court. Congress then put forth its
power under the fourth article of the Consti-
tution, which provides that Cohgreas shall
guaranty a republican fbrm of government,
and provided by enabling acts for the forma-
tion of State governments ; and in Louisiana
they have had that government for years ; that
State is now represented in both Houses of
Congress. Why, sir, before you take the
ground that there is no government in the
State of Louisiana, and propose to establish
one for that State, you must turn out the Sena-
tors and members of Congress from that State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why?
Mr, FARNSWORTH. What business has
a State Without a government with Senators
and members of Congress?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
had a government when those Senators and
members were elected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; but their
offices cease when the State government shall
cease. If that State has become a Territory
merely, it has no business with members of
Congress here. In the case of Luther vs.
Borden, the Rhode Island case, and which is
known to all the lawyers of this House, the
Supreme Court of the United States decides
that it is the duty of Congress to determine
which is the legitimate government in a State
when that question is presented. Chief Jus-
tice Taney, in deliverihg that opinion, after
referring to the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution, says:
" Under this artiolo of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government is the estab-
lished one in a State; for aa the United States guar*
anty to each State a republican government, Con-
gress must necessarily decido what government is
established in the State before it can determine
whether it is republican or not."
So we must ascertain what government they
have now in the State of Louisiana. Have
they a legitimate and legal government? If
not, then I will go with the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] to provide one
for them. But until it is determined thatthey
have no government, and while each of two
parties is professing that they have a govern-
ment, until that question is settled, we have no
business to make a government for them. As
well might Congress have determined to make
anew government for the State of Rhole Island
at the time of the Dorr rebellion. I want to
know the facts. I want to know them not as a
partisan, but as a patriot. I want to know them
as a member of Congress; not as a Repub-
lican, or as a Democrat, or as a Liberal, but
as a patriot having the good of his country at
heart and having the rights of the State gov-
ernments at heart. Let us make a fair com-
mittee, send them to New Orleans, get the
facts, and have them reported in a distinct
form to the House, and then we can act.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. PERCE. Will the gentleman yield to
allow me to ask the gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Sheldon] a single question ?
Mr. KERR. My time is so short I must
decline to yieldi I have no desire to debate
this question for the mere sake of debate. I
have no pleasure in it; it ijlls me with sadness.
I see nothing in this controversy that can give
pleasure to any gentleman connected with the
Government of the_ United States, either as a
member of Congress or otherwise. The dis-
graceful scramble in Louisiana does dishonor
to our country; and its treatment by the
Federal Government is alarming and extra-
ordinary.
I believe it is the wish of the Representatives
here from the State of Louisiana that this
resolution shall be adopted ; and if I could
act on their wishes alone, and yet discharge
my duty, I might be willing to consent to its
adoption. And if Louisiana alone, and her
interest and her honor were involved in this
question, it is possible I might then be willing
that this resolution on her request should be
adopted. But I am unable to see that this
resolution will spend its force and its influence
upon Louisiana alone. I think it involves
directly and most materially the interests of
the honor of our entire country—Louisiana
directly and now, all the other States indi-
rectly and in the future. I think that this.
resolution looks to a direct exercise by the
United States of a power that finds no warrant
in the Constitution—none whatever, notwith-
standing the declarations of opinion made by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler.] I Say to the House, with all respect to
him, that I consider those declarations utterly
revolutionary—not alone untenable, but mon-
strous in legal and constitutional character.
He boldly asserts for Congress constitutional
power to enter a State, supercede its-local
government and institutions, declare them not
republican in form, and to assume for the time
all the functions of the State government, and
to dictate to the State some other form of gov-
ernment, or to require its people, under the
hand of Federal power and the supervision of
the Army to form and adopt another gov-
ernment. I say these doctrines of Federal
power appear to me to be most unconstitu-
tional and monstrous.
Now, what is the trouble in the State of
Louisiana? Not that it has not a constitution
republican in form. No man can deny that
it has such a constitution. You, gentlemen,
have approved it as republican in form. It
Was adopted and organized under congres-
sional dictation. Do not at this early day
repudiate and strangle your own offspring. It
Was made by the people of Louisiana after
a manner, but not while they were invested
with real and manly freedom of action, as
self-governing men should be in forming gov-
ernments. It is not now overthrown by the peo-
ple of that State. It has been cast into fright-
fhl confusion and disorder chiefly by the law-
less conduct of one' man aided by many others
of equally bad and sevolutionary character and
infamous purposes; and that one man is an
officer of the Federal Government, not of the
State government at all. He is a judge of
the district court of the United States for
Louisiana; and he, without one single scin-
tilla of legal right or authority, moved thereto
