544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
by a set of place-hunting rascals, undertook
to step in between the people of Louisiana
and the results of a constitutional election
held iu that State, and to put it into the power
of the combination, a clique there to take
control of the State government by over-
ruling the popular judgment of that State.
It is trifling with the truth, and shutting our
eyes to notorious facts, and doing discredit to
our intelligence, to pretend now that this bold
conspiracy was designed to vindicate the laws
of Louisiana, or to maintain and secure the
legal results of the late elections in that
State; or to protect the legal rights either of
candidates, officers, or people. Its sole pur-
pose was, by the shameless abuse of the forms
of law and legal process, to snatch victory
from defeat and retain power.
Now we are told by the gentleman from
Massachusetts that it may be possible the
Pinchback government was not legally elected
by the people of that State. Does he not
know that that infamous brood was not elected
by the people of Louisiana, and that it does
not claim to have been So elected. At best
their shallow pretense is that if all the colored
men had voted, they, the Pinchback ticket,
would have been elected. But they were not.
All the rest is wicked assumption.
Another gentleman says that all that Judge
Durell interposed to enable those men to ac-
complish was to get at the legal returns of
that election. But the truth is (and it ought
to be known by every intelligent man in this
House) that the purpose of those men was not
in good faith to get the returns of that elec-
tion, and they have never since got those re-
turns ; they do not want the returns. It was
to cover up or destroy those returns and to
defeat their rightful legal results that they in-
stituted that revolutionary proceeding, and
for no other purpose. Those returns convict
them, expel them from office and power, place
upon them the popular condemnation of their
fellow-citizens in Louisiana. It was to over-
come and set aside that judgment of the people
that this infamous judge extended the hand of
Federal power. He is himself a co-conspirator
wiih the rest. He seeks a refuge in the other
end of this Capitol. He would become a Sen-
ator in Congress. He has no higher appre-
ciation of political or judicial action or of
personal and official honor than to suppose
that he may lend the great power of his court
to advance the selfish interests of a lawless
political cabal. There was a shabby pre-
tense, it is true, that that proceeding sought to
accomplish a lawful purpose under the pro-
visions of the enforcement law; but every
lawyer who has read that law and knows the
facts of Judge Durell's conduct in these pro-
ceedings, knows that nearly every act and order
of the judge is utterly without authority or
support in that law.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what will be the effect
of the appointment of this committee? Will
it bring peace or justice to Louisiana? Will
it undo the wrongs her people now suffer?
Will it remove the Federal manacles that now
enslave her? The gentleman who moved this
resolution said that this investigation was due
to Judge Durell and due to the President of
the United States. For their condemnation ?
No, sir, no. For their vindication? I think
so. The purpose of the investigation is to
" whitewash " these gentlemen and others who
have interposed by their own lawless exercise
of power to overthrow a rightful, constitu-
tional, and regular government of a State of
this Union. I am opposed to any more white-
washing committees. I confess I have voted
for a few in my day in this House, but I pro-
pose never to do so again.
Mr. DAWES. I would" be glad if the gen-
tleman would answer a single question, an
honest inquiry on my part. What remedy
does he propose for the existing state of
things?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the remedy is
as clear to me as the light of the sun ; and it
consists alone in the Federal Government
keeping its hands of lawless power off the peo-
ple of Louisiana and suffering them to go on
in the exercise of their own powers under their
constitution to reestablish order in their State.
That is all they need. The revolutionists in
Louisiana would never have dared to do what
they have but for the hope of countenance and
aid from Washington. That besotted judge
would never have debased his court as he did
if he had not anticipated support from here.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I wish to ask
a single question. Suppose that the Federal
Government should keep its hands off and
that a presidential election depended upon
the vote of Louisiana, would we not have civil
war in every election district of the Union?
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I do not see
how civil war can arise out of anything con-
nected with this Louisiana muddle, except as
the result of this lawless interference. Let
the State alone, forbid the scandalous inter-
meddling of custom-house officers, do not lend
the influence of the Administration or the
power of the Army to the corrupt place-hun-
ters in Louisiana, and there will be no civil
war; there will be no insurrection or vio-
lence. There has not yet been. It may be
it is true, that if this lawless interference
had not taken place, first on the part of the
Federal judiciary of Louisiana, and then on the
part of this Administration, the electoral vote
of Louisiana would not have been declared
for Mr. Grant.
This fact alone ought to have restrained the
Administration if nothing else from the su-
preme indelicacy of hasty interference or
recognition. Neither the Constitution of the
United States nor the law of 1795 nor any
other law, gives the President any authority
to interpose in the domestic affairs of' a State,
unless "on application of the Legislature of
such State, or of the Executive when the
Legislature cannot be convened," and then
only "in case of an insurrection in any State
against the government thereof." No such
condition existed in Louisiana. No right or
occasion or necessity therefore had arisen for
presidential intermeddling. The whole con-
troversy was a question of contested elections.
It was a private quarrel or litigation. It be-
longed to the tribunals of the State for adjudi-
cation. Those tribunals, if let alone, were
fully competent. The peace of the State was
unbroken. It was threatened by a set of
scoundrels who would not surrender office and
control in that State, although defeated at the
polls. They were the friends of the Adminis-
tration, and therefore came here for aid and
countenance. They should have been repelled
and sent back to adjudicate their pretended
rights before their own tribunals. It is a gross
outrage on our institutions, on the freedom and
equality of the States, that the will of the peo-
ple can be overthrown in a State in this way
by Federal recognition of lawless men as the
government of a State.
Now, what is the remedy? Take off this
lawless power, I say; give back to this people
their right to control their own destiny, pro-
vided only and always they do it within the
letter and spirit of the Constitution of the
United States. If they do that, you have no
right to say yea or nay to them, or inquire
why or wherefore they did this or that. If
violence and insurrection result, and Federal
interposition become proper and lawful, then
it will be time for the President to choose
sides in the contest, not before.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, it seems
to me this House should consider the State of
business relating to Louisiana before appoint-
ing another committee on that subject. We
are in danger of getting into as great anarchy
here as they are in there. We have already,
I believe, in this Congress in both Houses not
less than five committees which may take juris-
diction of this question. First, there is the
joint select committee called the Ku Klux
Committee, still in active existence. Then
there is the select committee we sent to Louis-
iana last winter. It seems to me Louisiana
wants a committee every year to go down tlit re
and look into her condition. If these th<ng3
go on, I do not know but we will have to have a
standing committee on the State of Louisiana.
Then we have the Committee of Elections
in each House of Congress, which committees
have jurisdiction of all these questions, and
the Committee of Elections iu the S(nati,
which has been authorized to investigate this
question. We have also the Committee on
the Judiciary in the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How can the Com-
mittee of Elections in this House take juris-
diction of this matter?
Mr. STEVENSON. When the House
charges a committee with jurisdiction it can
take that jurisdiction. It has jurisdiction be-
cause there are contested elections growing
out of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Contested electious
in this House ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir ; a contest for
a seat in this House. A vacancy in this House
was to be filled at that election.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can the "committee
say who was elected Governor at that elec-
tion ?
Mr. STEVENSON. They may investigate
into that question on the credentials. I was
showing how many committees were charged
with the affairs in Louisiana. At this rate
the whole House will be delegated to look after
Louisiana.
Now, Mr. Speaker, on the 16th of Decem-
ber last this House passed a resolution calling
on the President for information touching the
condition of affairs in Louisiana, and my in-
formation is that the President's message giv-
ing us that information now lies on our table
unread; and I insist, before we pass a resolu-
tion creating a new committee in hot haste,
we shall read the papers which are before us.
And further than that, Mr. Speaker, on the
very same day, on the 16th of December last,
this House passed a resolution instructing the
Committee on the Judiciary to inquire into
this question, which resolution I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Condition of Southern States.
" Mr. Smith, of New York, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
"Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire whether any, and if any, what,
legislation is necessary to guard against the dangers
threatening the liberties of the people of Louisiana,
Alabama, and Arkansas, and to guaranty a repub-
lican form of government and avert the danger of
civil war in the several States of the Union, with
liberty to report at any time by bill or otherwise."
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, Mr. Speaker,
that instruction to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary clothes it with all the power necessary,
except that of going to or sending to the State
of Louisiana, if that be necessary. If prompt
actiou is necessary, here are the means for
it—the law committee of this House—the
committee best qualified to pass on such ques-
tions; and if you want'prompt and energetic
action and an early decision, that is the way to
get it. If we raise a joint select committee, a
cumbrous machine of the two Houses, it will
cause greater expense, take more time, and
involve really more uncertainty as to the
result.
Mr. Speaker, let us trust to our committees,
now at work, charged with this question. Let
us turn to the facts before us, coming from the
President. Let us allow something to time,
the great healer. Let Louisiana take some
care of herself. It is time we were done with
this everlasting reconstruction. Let them
reconstruct themselves. If they will not have
peace, let them have trouble. I would not
much care, saving this presence, if some of
