1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
ungenerous as to press a resolution in the
absence of the gentleman to whom it refers.
Mr. RANDALL. He had fair notice that
the resolution would be offered.
Mr. SLOCUM. Cannot this House go on
with its business without the consent of the
gentleman from Kentucky ?
The SPEAKER. The House cannot go on
with business in the absence of a quorum, and
it is evident that there is no quorum present.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Nobody
has counted the members here.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair is authorized
to say whether there is a quorum present or
not.
Mr. COBURN. I move a call of the House.
Mr. DICKEY. Pending that motion I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 13, nays 96, not voting 131; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Bunnell,
Crossland. Dickey, Golladay, Hale, John B.Hawley,
llolman, Read. Edward Y. Rice, and Scofield—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Barry, Beatty, James B.
Beck, Bell. Bird, Austin Blair, James G.Blair, Boles,
Braxton, Bright, Buffinton, fiurchard, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb, Coburn. Comingo, Conger, Cotton,
Crebs, Critcber, Darrall, Donnan, Dox, Duell, Dun-
nell, Eames, Elliott, Finkelnburg, "Wilder D. Foster,
Getz, GHidings. Hatidley, Hanks, Harper, Georse E.
Harris, John T. Harris. Joseph R. Ilawley, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hib'oard Hooper, Ken-
dall, Lowe, Maclctyre, Maynard, McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, Merriam,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Morgan,
Leonard Myers, William E. Niblack. Orr, Packard,
Peck. Perce, Perry, Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Randall.
Ritcbie. Ellis II. Roberts, John Rogers Sion H.
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Slater, Slocum, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Sprague,Stevens,Storm,
Stoughton, St. John, Terry, Turner, Twichell,Tyner,
Upson, Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden. Waldron,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, and Williams of
Indiana—96.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Acker, Ames, Averill,
Banks, Barber. Barnum, Erasmus W. Beck, Bigby,
Biggs, Bingham, Boarman, Brooks, Buckley, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Car-
roll, Clarke, Coghlau, Conner, Cox, Creely, Crocker,
Davis, Dawes, Dodds, DuBose, Duke, Eldredge. Ely,
Esty, Karnsworth, Farwell, Forker. Charles Foster,
Henry D. Foster. Frye, Garfield. Garrett, Goodrich,
Griffith, Haldeman, Halsev, Hambleton, Hancock,
Ilanner, Havens, John W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hill, Hoar. Houghton. Kelley, Kellogg,
Kerr, Ketcham. Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing. Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Manson,
Marshall, McIIenry. McKee, McKinney, McNeely.
Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morphis, Necley, Silas L.
Niblack, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaae
C. Parker, Pendleton, Peters, Poland, Potter. Price,
Raincy. John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon. Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober. Shoe-
maker, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stowell, Suther-
land, Swann. Sypher.Taffc, Thomas, DwightTown-
send, Washington Townsend. Tuthill. Van Trump,
Voorhees, Waddell,Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheel-
er. Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Young—131.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, said: I desire
to state that Mr Duke, mv colleague, is con-
fined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. HAYS. I desire to state that Mr.
Waddell, of North Carolina, has,been con-
fined to his room to-day in consequence of
illness.
The question recurred upon the motion ot
Mr. Coburn that there be a call of the House;
and being taken it was agreed to, upon a divi-
sion—ayes 49, noes 24.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, when
the following members failed to answer to
their names :
Messrs. Acker, Ames, Averill. Banks, Barnum
Erasmus W. Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bmgham. Brooks,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell,
Foster, Frye, Goodrich, --- - • • _ lf
ton, Hancock, H«rmer, Uavens. John W. Ha^ton.
TTprpford. Ucrndon. Hill. Houghton, K.eliokg, Jverr,
Kctch?rn Killinger, Kirisella, Lamison, Lansing,
Leech, Lewis, Lynch, McHenry, McB,ec, McKumay.
McNeely. M.onroe. Morphis, N?eJcy, 1L Nib
Palmer. Ilosea W. Parker, _Isaao_ C-. rsjrKei.
Pendleton, Peters, Potter. John M. Rice, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sargent. Seely,
§ Sessions Shanks, Shellabarger. Sherwood. Shober,
loss. Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Speer,
tarkweather, Stevenson, Stowell, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill, Van Trump, Waddell, Wallace, Williams
ofNew York. Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Young.
The SPEAKER. The roll-call discloses the
fact that one hundred and thirty-seven mem-
bers are present answering to their names;
more than a quorum.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to state that Mr.
Monroe, of Ohio, is detained from' his 3eat
by sickness.
Mr. COX. I will state that Mr. Stevenson
is detained from his seat here to-night by
illness.
Mr. COBURN. There being a quorum
present, I move that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I rose to a point
of order some time ago. I now rise to with-
draw it, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] who was temporarily in the chair
having assured me that the ruling to which I
took exception was the result of a mistake on
his part. Therefore, I have no further motion
to make'.
SETTLERS ON FORT RANDALL RESERVATION.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask the gentleman
to now withdraw his objection to the request
that the vote by which the bill for the relief
of settlers upon the Fort Randall reservation
was passed by the House this afternoon be
reconsidered, and that the bill be recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Certainly. I
withdraw my objection.
No further objection being made, it was
ordered accordingly.
b. ii. randall.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee of Claims
be discharged from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 747, for the relief of B. H.
Randall, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. RANDALL. Can this bill be reported
from that committee to-night?
The SPEAKER; The Chair thinks it would
not be, upon a point of order beiDg made
against it, for the committee could not hold
a session to consider and order the reporting
of the bill while the House is in session.
PENSIONS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 4014) to amend section six
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to
an act entitled 'An act granting pensions,
approved July 14, 1862,' approved July 4,
1864."
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STOUGHTON. I do not yield to the
gentleman any further.
Mr. MOORE. Then I raise the point of
order that this is a bill from the Committee on
Military Affairs, and the gentleman undertakes
to put it through here without giving an
opportunity for explaining it. I would like
to have the privilege (and I think the gentle-
man ought to accord it to me) of explaining
the effect of the bill. I know this is a point
of order on which the Speaker is not very
likely to decide in my favor; but I trust the
gentleman from Michigan will see the pro-
priety of allowing the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to explain the
effect of the bill. I think the House will see
that it is not in good taste for the Committee
on Military Affairs to undertake to amend a
provision of the pension laws when two
amendatory bills have already been passed by
the House, and one of them has been passed
in the Senate.
Mr. SPEER. Is a point of order debatable?
Mr. STOUGHTON. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Moore] is making a speech on a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought the
gentleman was going to raise the point of
order that the bill was not one which could
properly be reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. MOORE. I do raise that point.
The SPEAKER. At the time the bill was
reported, the Chair would have sustained that
point. At this time he cannot do so, because
the bill has passed the stage at which it is liable
to such a point, although as an original point it
ought to be sustained, because each committee
ought to be carefully and zealously restricted
to the preparation and presentation of meas-
ures properly within its jurisdiction. This is
clearly a bill that ought to have come from,the
Committee on Invalid Pensions; but the ques-
tion being now upon the engrossment and third
reading of the bill the Chair cannot sustain a
point of order against it.
Mr. MOORE. I wantthe House to know
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions is
opposed to this bill thoroughly, out and out.
Mr. STOUGHTON. That is the reason we
reported it, because we knew that committee
would not. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPEER. I wish to say, as one mem-
ber of the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
that I am heartily in favor of the bill.
The question being taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time,
there were—ayes 44, noes 34; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stocgiiton
and Mr. Moore were appointed.
Mr. STOUGHTON. There is important
business which the Committee on Military
Affairs desire to report, and I will temporarily
withdraw this bill.
Mr. MOORE. Why not recommit it to the
Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the bill will not be
withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. Why not send it to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions?
Mr. MOORE. I move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that the bill, having been acted on, cannot be
withdrawn without unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be withdrawn
if objection be made; but it can be recom-
mitted. . _
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point that the
House was dividing upon the question of
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point. The tellers must take their places.
Mr. DONNAN. I suggest that the bill be
permitted to go to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. SPEER. That would be only a polite
way of killing it. It would not be reported
this session.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
