210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February- 2$,
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
all directions justify the belief, that the same
state of things existed all over the State.
Take Wisconsin; let me ask my colleague:
I believe our people are as patriotic as any,
but suppose our farmers had to travel" twenty
miles to vote, does he think one half the vote
of Wisconsin would be given when there;was
no particular occasion to call out the voters
and interest them in an election.
In one case, I believe, the testimony shows
they had to travel forty miles to vote. When
you find that this was done; when you find
that the voting places as they existed in former
elections were changed, and that therefore the
difficulty of reaching the polls was increased,
and that this was only done in the parishes in
■which there were large Republican majorities,
can you as legislators hesitate to say that it
was done for that purpose 1
Mr. HOWE. Does the testimony show that
the election precincts were so habitually large
that any considerable number of the voters in
Louisiaua had to travel twenty miles ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly, the testi-
mony shows it. The State is divided into
parishes which correspond with our counties.
Then inside the parish they are divided into
.voting precincts or sometimes called wards.
The law does not regulate the places at which
the voting shall take place. They are fixed
and determined by the order of the managers
of the election and may be changed every
year.
Mr. HOWE. Are not boundaries fixed ?
■ Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly not. There
may be ten or two precincts in a parish. The
matter is left entirely to these managers, and
the testimony shows that in the Republican
parishes these difficulties were thrown around
the election ; that the voting places were less
in number than theretofore.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator in answer to his col-
league. The evidence does show that in all
tlie Democratic districts where there was no
charge of fraud the Republican votes were
largely increased, and in all the Republican
parishes where this was charged there was a
great falling off on the Republican side, show-
ing that where the election was fair in the
Democratic parishes the Republican vote in-
creased very much and in the others it de-
Mr. CARPENTER. That is an important
fact. In those parishes which were clearly
and undoubtedly Democratic, there was no
temptation to hold a dishonest election, and
yet in every such parish the Republican vote
was greatly increased over the Republican
.vote at the election before ; and yet in Repub-
lican parishes, the parishes which everybody
knew could give large Republican majorities,
owing to this manipulation, owing to the scat-
tering of the voting places and the difficulties
that were thrown in the way of registration, in
every such parish the Republican vote was
largely diminished. As I have said before,
the, testimony upon this subject is not such as
would satisfy a judicial tribunal in (determin-
ing a judicial question, but it is as specific and
as satisfactory to the legislative mind as testi-
mony upon which we act here every day. A
question conies up about granting lands to a
railroad; we inquire what is the face of that
country, what is the amount of its population,
what is the extent of its business, what is the
demand of its people for building this road ?
TIow do we settle all these questions? Not as
we would prove the same things before a petit
jury; but we settle them by consulting the
press, by inquiring of men living in that neigh-
borhood, by all the means of popular inform-
ation which are known to the people out of
doors in the ordinary transaction of life. And
I say, applying that rule, and it is the proper
rule, to be applied to this purely legislative
inquiry, no man can read the testimony, in my
belief, without rising from it with the con-
viction which I believe every member of the
committee has, that that election was carried
in favor of McEnery by gross frauds; that it
was not an expression but a denial of the
popular Will.
Nevertheless, we have said that the Kellogg
government was not elected, although it would
have been if the election had been fair; and
we find these two governments in existence,
and now, when we find practically no govern-
ment there, for the people of the State do not
render habitual obedience to either, neither
can collect taxes, because there is no certainty
that payment to one will prevent a collection
by the other, nobody knows whose orders to
obey, nobody knows what leader to follow;
there is no government; it is a condition of
anarchy. When we find that state of things
resulting from an election and are called upon
to say which is the government, we look to the
Kellogg government and we find the frauds
which gave it life, we find the Lynch board
legislated out of existence before it decided
anything, we find that even if it had been in
existence and if it had full authority to canvass
the returns, it had not a single return to can-
vass. The condition of the boards, the War-
moth board with the returns and no authority,
the Lynch board with the authority and no re-
turns, is well illustrated by an anecdote I heard
of an old farmer out West, who said he had two
sons studying for the ministry and both would
fail. He said the elder one was a fellow of
excellent Sense and education, but he had no
delivery, and of course he could not succeed
in the pulpit. He said the younger was a dash-
ing off-hand fellow, with a splendid delivery, but
he had nothing to deliver. [Laughter.] And
that was the condition of those two boards. If
you concede the authority of the Lynch board
it had authority, but nothing*to which that
authority could attach; and when you goto the
other board you find the returns present but no
authority to canvass them.
Mr. President, you search into the foundation
of one goverement and it sinks out of sight,
and you go to the other and it is based on noth-
ing but fraud. You cannot say there is a gov-
ernment there, and yet you must admit that
it is your duty, you are solemnly bound by the
Constitution to see that there is one. Now
how are you going to perform that duty ?
By choosing between these two governments,
neither of which has any foundation, or say-
ing what the fact is, that there is no govern-
ment there, and proceeding at once is the
only way you can put one there.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow,
I should like to put to him a question for my
own information and guidance; and that is
in view of the case presented to the supreme
court of Louisiana, how the question of the
legality of the Lynch board came before that
court, and how they came to decide or had
jurisdiction of the question involved in this
conflict.
Mr. CARPENTER. I stated that this
morning, but I will repeat it briefly this even-
ing. The Lynch board went into court under
what they call the intrusion act, which corres-
ponds with proceedings by quo warranto at
common law, declaring that they were the legal
returning officers of the State, and that the
Warmoth board, naming the individuals, had
intruded into and were exercising that office.
That case went to hearing in the court below,
and the final determination of that court was
against the Lyncli board. Now, by the con-
stitution of that State, the supreme court has
no appellate jurisdiction except in cases which
involve $500 in amouut. It is well settled
that in determining the title to an office the
question of what amount is involved is de-
termined by ascertaining what the salary is.
In this case there was no salary. Conse-
quently the Lynch board, who were defeated
in the court below, could not appeal. The
case stopped there. But a man by the name
of Field came into court and asserted that he
was aggrieved by the judgment rendered in
that case, and they have a statute which pro-
vides that if any man is aggrieved by any judg-
ment rendered, he may intervene and appeal
from the judgment.
Mr. Field came and said he was aggrieved.
He did not specify the nature of his grief; he
did not show that he was legally affected by
the judgment or could be. I suppose it was a
mere sorrow at seeing his political friends
overthrown. But he stated that he was ag-
grieved by the judgment and that he was inter-
ested in it more than $500, because that board,
while acting as a board, had declared that he
was elected attorney general, and the salary
of attorney general was $5,000 per annum.
Thereupon he prayed an appeal to the su-
preme conrt, and the circuit court allowed the
appeal.
Now, conceding what I deny, that that ap-
peal could give the supreme court the slightest
jurisdiction over that question, what was in-
volved in that suit? Nothing in the world
except the question whether Lynch and his
associates, or Warmoth and his associates,
were entitled to exercise the office of the can-
vassing board. No other question was in-
volved, or could be determined ; and what
shows that is, that the supreme court, when
on Field's appeal they cacae to decide the
ease, did not decide that Field was elected
attorney general. They could not decide that,
for his opponent was not before the court. On
his appeal, upon the ground that he was elected
attorney general, and aggrieved by the decis-
ion, they proceeded to decide that the Lynch
board was the legal board, and reversed the
judgment below, because it aggrieved parties
who had not appealed, and could not appeal
from it. I say that decision was without the
slightest jurisdiction.
Now, there is another case which I shall
refer to. Governor Warmoth called a session
of the Legislature to meet on the 9th of De-
cember. They met, and within five hours, I
believe, after their meeting they pretended to
impeach Mr. Warmoth. I say they met. Some
body met. That covers the old question which
we have been discussing that no Legislature
elected ever did meet; but some body met
claiming to be the Legislature. They claimed
to impeach Governor Warmoth within five
hours, and Pinchback, who had been elected
president pro tempore of the senate, thereupon
proclaimed himself Lieutenant Governor.
Hawkins, a member of the Lynch board that
canvassed that Legislature in, was, after Mr.
Pinckback became Lieutenant Governor, ap-
pointed by Pinchback judge of the eighth dis-
trict of New Orleans.
Mr. WEST. Will not the Senator have the
candor to say further, as the testimony shows
the fact, that he was appointed" without his
knowledge and permission and against his own
inclination ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Whether that would
be candor or not I do not know. I do not
know any such thing. If the Senator wants
to state facts I have no objection.
Mr. WEST. It is in the testimony.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose it is, whether
he was appointed with his assent or against it
did not enlarge or restrict his jurisdiction.
Mr. THURMAN. Why did he not refuse
if ho did not want it?
Mr. CARPENTER. Why did he not refuse?
That is not permitted by the laws of Louisiana,
so far as I have examined them. [Laugh-
ter.]
Before all this Judge Howe, of the supreme
court, had resigned. Governor Warmoth had
