1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
547
believe all of the facts that committee could
gather are official facts already within the reach
of this House without any committee of invest-
igation.
Now, what is the condition of things in
Louisiana? The gentleman from Vermont
says Louisiana has but one constitution, and
ihat is republican in form, and all parties
agree that is the constitution of Louisiana.
That is true, but they have two governments,
two secretaries of State, two treasurers, two
senates and two houses, two complete sets
of State officers from the highest to the lowest.
They have two Legislatures, each one claiming
the right to make laws, and, of course, to make
them different each from the other, and two
Executives claiming the right to execute laws
made by their respective Legislatures. Neither
party is able to maintain itself in that State, or
at least not without civil war. The consequence
is each one demands from the President of the
United States the right for the military assist-
ance of the United States. Mr. Pinchback
claimed to be the Governor on one side and
Mr. Warmoth to be the Governor on the other
side, in the State of Louisiana up to this day.
Mr. SHELDON. There is no dispute as to
who was Governor up to this day.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Governor Warmoth
claims, as I understand—but the official
papers will show—that the Legislature which
impeached him was not the genuine Legis-
lature ; that it was not the real old Jacob
Townsend, but a young Jacob Townsend; that
it bad no right to impeach him, and therefore
that he was really in power. But, however
that may be, Pinchback called upon tie Pres-
ident of the United States for troops, and the
Legislature that acts with him, ana claims to
be the genuine Legislature, calls upon the
United States for troops also. It was in re-
sponse to that that the President through the
Attorney General informed the people of
Louisiana that he recognized* the Pinchback
Legislature.
Now, it was his duty as President to decide
that question. It came before him. The Con-
stitution says that when the Governor or the
Legislature of a State demands assistance from
the President of the United States to prevent
civil war or to execute the laws of the States,
he shall furnish it. And here the demand was
made, perhaps by both parties, and it was the
imperative duty of the President under the Con-
stitution to decide which was the real govern-
ment in the first instance. And that is exactly
what the President did in the Rhode Island case.
There they had two sets of officers, and the
people wanted to know which set they were to
obey. They appealed to President Tyler for
troops, and President Tyler decided in favor
of one set of officers, and furnished the troops.
In like manner President Grant has decided.
Both parties have appealed to him for physical
assistance, and he has decided who, in his
judgment, is the real Governor. He has
decided that, and I suppose documents are
lying on the table now unread which will give
us tne reason for that decision.
To be sure he has done another thing which
the act of 1870 required him to do; that is, to
furnish troops to execute the judgment of a
court of the United States. But those troops
were placed under the control of a marshal
of the United States'to execute that judgment.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man whether the President has in legal form
made the decision to which he refers? If so,
it seems to me that we should call for the
record and have it before us. If the Presi-
dent has recognized one or the other of the
governments we ought to have that fact from
the President. The gentleman speaks merely
on rumor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am speaking on the
authority of the telegram of the Attorney
General which was sent to Pinchback, author-
izing him to proclaim in Louisiana that the
President had recognized him as the legal
Governor. The proclamation was made, and
I suppose we have now official evidence of it
lying upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Would it not be well to
have it read if the gentleman predicates hia
arguments upon it ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have not the control
over the reading of it. I am stating what the
gentleman from Wisconsin must have seen
long ago, that the Attorney General announced
that the President had decided to recognize
the Pinchback government, or Pinchback as
Governor, and authorized him to proclaim
that fact. Now then what can we do? What
is there for the House to do? The President,
as the Constitution requires him to do, has
decided for himself, and by that decision I
have no doubt he will stand unless Congress
perhaps shall undertake to overrule him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would call the gen-
tleman's attention to the fact that in regard to
the Rhode Island case the Supreme Court
decided that it was the business of Congress
to have decided the questions there in dispute.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Supreme Court, ac-
cording to my recollection, decided that it was
the business of Congress, that the President
was a portion of Congress, and that Congress
had never decided the matter at all; that is,
there had been no legislative act had at all.
Down to this day there never has been such a
legislative act. President Tyler decided it,
and the Senate of the United States decided
it, by admitting the Senators elected by one
Legislature, and rejecting Senators elected by
the other. And the Supreme Court based
their decision on that decision of the Senate
and of the President. The House had noth-
ing to with it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Supreme Court
held that it had no jurisdiction to decide the
question; that it was a political question
wholly, not a judicial one, and that it was the
first duty of Congress to decide it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman from
Illinois will recollect that I have' but a few
minutes of time, and I desire to proceed. All
that I am stating is, that in point of fact
Congress did never decide the matter, but the
Senate of the United States decided that certain
men were legally elected to their body, and
President Tyler decided that he recognized a
certain government as existing in Rhode
Island ; and the Supreme Court says, we will
follow the decision of the Senate and of the
President.
That is my recollection of it; 1 have not
read it, I suppose, for twenty years, or at all
events for a great many years. Then, what
does the House want of a committee to go
down there? Suppose we act after the Presi-
dent has acted, and are going to pass a resolu-
tion determining which is the legal govern-
ment of Louisiana; what do we want? We
want to know just what has been done there,
not the details, not the parol evidence that a
committee can gather, but we want the official
evidence—to have all the official documents
as to the board of canvassers. The difficulty
grew out of two boards of canvassers to can-
vass the returns of the election, and one of
them decided in favor of the Pinchback party
and the other in favor of the Warmoth party.
The division began with those two boards.
Which was the legal board of canvassers? A
State court down there has decided that the
Pinchback board, or the Lynch board as it
was called, was the legal board. A United
States court has decided the same thing; and
upon those decisions, and the information
accompanying them, the President has decided
the same thing, that is, that the Pinchback
government is the legal government, and that
necessarily involves the question which board
of canvassers was the legal board.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
am glad to see the interest manifested in the
discussion of this question here to-day. There
is no question, I presume, that has to come be-
fore this body that is so justly entitled to our
consideration at this time as this. I presume
there will no longer be much controversy as to
whether the reconstruction policy of the Gov-
ernment was right or wrong, or as to whether
the principles involved in that policy were right
or not. As to the principles involved in those
measures, I presume that the mind of no Re-
publican on this floor or in the country has
been or will be changed from the settled con-
viction that Congress has the power to legis-
late with reference to the governments of the
States when cases properly present themselves.
The question here to-day seems to be, not so
much as to the power of Congress to act, but
as to whether we have a proper case, and
whether we properly understand the question
before us for consideration. There seems to
be no controversy here as to the power of
Congress to supervise a State government, but
there is a controversy, it seems, as to what
it takes to constitute a government. All
agree that when there are two antagonizing
governments in existence in a State, under the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the Rhode Island Dorr case, Con-
gress and the President of the United States
may step in and say which shall be recognized ;
but there seems to be diversity of opinion, as
I have said, as to what it takes to constitute a
government. Some gentlemen seem to think
that the constitution of a State is the govern-
ment, while others seem to think that it is the
officers of the State government that constitute
the government. Here is the difficulty of prop-
erly comprehending the subject. The constitu-
tion is not the government, nor are the officers
of the government alone, but it takes both to
make the government of a State as it takes
both to make the Government of the United
States. It is useless to talk about the con-
stitution being the government of a State. It
can of itself do nothing toward the govern-
ment of the State, but when you take the con-
stitution and the State officers elected under it
together, you have what is properly termed the
government of the State.
Now, the question here is not whether a
constitution has been overthrown, nor whether
there are two antagonizing constitutions, but
whether the rightfully elected officers of a
State have not been overthrown and supplanted
by another set of officers, so that there are
now two sets of antagonizing State officers;
and virtually two opposing governments in the
same State. It is admitted that there are now
two sets of State officers in Louisiana ; it is
immaterial whether ope is right and the other
wrong, or both wrong ; they are both in ex-
istence, and there is a necessity for Congress
or for some power in this Government to inter-
fere.
Gentlemen tell us that this is a judicial ques-
tion. They are partly right and partly wrong
in that statement, it is a judicial question to
determine which of the claimants for the
governorship and other State offices have a
right to those offices. They have a right to
go into the courts and by a writ of quo war-
ranto test their right to hold positions as State
officers. So far it is a judicial question. But
the rights of Senators and Representatives to
hold their positions is not a judicial question.
Can we determine those questions without a
proper understanding of the facts ? I say it is a
judicial question as to State officers; as to
members of the house and of the senate of
that State it is not a judicial question. But
this has nothing to do with the general princi-
ple which is here involved. It is a question
as to whether we have the power to interfere,
and whether that condition of things exists
which under the Constitution of the United
States authorizes the Government to interfere.
The decision of the Supreme Court in the
