1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
Grand Army of the Republic at Anaonia, Con-
necticut; to the Soldiers' Monument Associa-
tion at Fitch burg, Massachusetts: and to the
municipality of the village of Sturgis, Michi-
gan, one cannon and four cannon balls.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES W. BERRY.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3686) for
the relief of Charles W. Berry, late a private
in the thirty-sixth regiment of Wisconsin volun-
teers.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Adjutant
General of the Array to remove the charge of
desertion from the name of Charles W. Berry,
late private company E thirty-sixth regi-
ment of Wisconsin volunteers, in view of his
wounds while in service, and that Charles W.
Berry shall be allowed and paid the back pay,
bounty and additional bounty, act of 28th of
July, 1866, due him, in the same manner and
to the same extent as if the charge of desertion
had never been made, and his application
therefor had been filed before the 30th of
January. 1873.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM ROOD.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee.reported back,with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3685) for
the relief of William Rood, late a private in
the thirty-sixth regiment Wisconsin vol-
unteers.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Adju-
tant General of the Army to remove the charge
of desertion from the name of William Rood,
late private company E thirty sixth regiment
of Wisconsin volunteers, in view of his death
while in service, and that the father of William
Rood shall be allowed and paid the back pay,
bounty, and additional bounty, act of 28th of
July, 1866, due him, in the same manner and
to the same extent as if the charge of desertion
had never been made, and application there-
fore had been filed before the 30th of January,
1873.
Mr. DICKEY. I would like some explana-
tion of these bills. The Adjutant General has
the power to remove the charge of desertion
in proper cases, and why should we legislate in
such cases? Hundreds and thousands of per-
sons have been relieved at the office of the
Adjutant General.
Mr. DONNAN. The Adjutant General s
department will only remove the charge when
made by mistake. That does not reach this case.
Mr. DICKEY. The explanation is satis-
factory.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM H. CARMEN.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4020) for
the relief of Wiljiam H. Carmen, company E
thirty-second Illinois volunteers; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed, and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to pay out of the appropriations
for the War Department to William H. Car-
men, company E thirty-second Illinois volun-
teers, the pay of a private soldier from the 24th
of December, 1863, to the 14th of March, 1864.
Mr. DICKEY. I would like some explana-
tion of that bill.
Mr. DONNAN. This man enlisted in the
thirty-second Illinois regiment, but was never
mustered in. He sought to change, and did
change and enlist, and was mustered into the
thirty-fifth Illinois regiment, was wounded at
the battle of Shiloh, April 6, 1862, and after-
ward discharged in consequence of his wound.
Some time afterward he was arrested as a
deserter from the thirty-second Illinois regi-
ment, was taken to that regiment and held
illegally in the service for a year and a half,
until the attention of Major General Thomas
•was called to his case, who ordered his imme-
diate discharge, and gave him transportation
home. The Government has not paid him a
cent for the illegal detention in service, during
which he was wounded again at Resaca. He
asks the modest sum of a private soldier's pay
for the time he thus served.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether under existinglaw the
War Department cannot furnish this relief?
Mr. DONNAN. They cannot, because he
was not in the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. The record shows that he
was a deserter.
Mr. DONNAN. He was arrested as a de-
serter, but they have corrected that on the
record.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL GREEK.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4023) for the
relief of Samuel Greek, father of Caleb H.
Greek, late a private of the first regiment
Michigan infantry volunteers; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Adjutant General of the
Army to remove the charge of desertion from
the name of Caleb H. Greek, late private
first regiment Michigan infantry volunteers,
now deceased, and provides that Samuel
Greek, father of Caleb H. Greek, shall be
allowed and paid the back pay and bounty of
Caleb H. Greek, in the same manner and to
the same extent as if the charge of desertion
had never been made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the House should
not be too liberal in extending this relief, even
in proper cases. In view of the fact that there
is a general law authorizing the War Depart-
ment to grant this relief, I think we should
have some explanation of each particular
case.
Mr. DONNAN. This man was a Michigan
soldier. One day, while on the march, near
the enemy, he complained of being unwell and
unable to keep up with his company, and fell
behind. A few days thereafter he was re-
ported as a deserter, and so stands now upon
the records of the War Department. The
fact has since been proved that he was cap-
tured by the enemy and died at Andersonville.
The War Department has gone so far as to
correct his record, by saying that he died at
Andersonville, but they refused to remove the
charge of desertion, upon the ground that there
was no absolute proof that he Was captured by
the enemy. I submit to the House attd to the
world that no man who died in prison at
Andersonville can properly be regarded as a
deserter from the Union Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which, the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH B. BATON.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4022) for the
relief of Joseph B. Eaton ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Joseph B. Eaton, assignee of Moses Car-
son, the sum of $635, in pay for twenty-five
horses, one saddle, and three boxes of percus-
sion caps, furnished by Carson on the 30th
and 31st days of October, 1846, to Colonel
Fr6mont's battalion of mounted volunteers,
at the United States military post of Sonoma,
provided the same has not heretofore been
paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the point of
order upon this bill until the report can be
read.
Mr. DONNAN. I think 1 can save the
gentleman the trouble of hearing the report
read if he will listen to me for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I notify the gentleman
that I will probably insist upon my point of
order until the report is read, let him say what
he may.
Mr. DONNAN. This is the third time the
House has been called on to act upon this
bill. The committee have adopted verbatim
the language of two bills formerly passed by
this House, and both of which failed to receive
the action of the Senate on account of the
lateness of the session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be again
read.
The bill was again read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STATUE OF MAJOR GENERAL THOMAS.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee. reported back with a substitute House
bill No. 3302, to aid in the erection of a monu-
ment to the memory of Major General George
H. Thomas.
The question was upon agreeing to the
substitute.
The substitute, which was read, directs the
Secretary of War to deliver to the Society of the
Army of the Cumberland, eighty-eight pieces
of condemned bronze cannon, if the same can
be spared without serious detriment to the
service, to aid in the erection of an equestrian
statue to the memory of Major General George
H. Thomas. .
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this merely to furnish
condemned cannon?
Mr. DONNAN. Nothing but that.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a very " lame
and impotent conclusion." I move that the
bill be laid on the table. I think it is a re-
proach to the memory of this distinguished
soldier to introduce such a proposition.
Mr. COX. I hope we shall not do the
