1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Young.
Ho. of Reps.
commissioned a man to take his place on the
bench. After Mr. Pinchback declared him-
self Governor on the pretended impeachment
of Warmoth, he nominated to the pretended
senate a man to fill the vacancy occasioned by
Howe's resignation. The pretended senate
, confirmed him, and that man claimed his seat
on the bench. The man who had been ap-
pointed by Warmoth and was then filling the
vacancy refused to vacate his seat. There-
upon he, Morgan I think his name is, brought
his suit under the intrusion act against the
judge who was on the bench, Kennard, to
have it declared that he was entitled to the
office and that Kennard was intruding into it.
That case involved the issue alone of which
of those two men was entitled to that office.
The court go on and say, in the first place,
that Mr. Pinchback was legally Lieutenant
Governor, that he legally nominated this man
to the senate, that the senate was a legal sen-
ate* and having confirmed this man he was
entitled to the office.
Now let me pause one moment and pay my
respects to that decision and see how for it is
entitled to be considered in this connection.
In the first place, that court has evidently been
sitting, and this whole record shows it, in
terror of this mob called a Legislature in Louis-
iana. In five hours after they assembled,
without charges, without investigation, and
without proof, they pretended to impeach Gov-
ernor Warmoth. In five hours more they
could impeach every judge on that supreme
bench; and one of the most melancholy cir-
cumstances about this whole case, one of the
wretched facts which mark and distinguish it
is that the courts are not protected by the
government, and the people are not protected
by either courts or Legislature.
It is only a question of which tyrant shall be
uppermost. To-day, if it happens to be War-
moth, he rules with a rod of iron; if it hap-
pens to be Pinchback, he rolls back the waves
of usurpation upon Warmoth, and so it pro-
ceeds from one to the other, and the people
are driven to and fro there like a shuttle in a
loom.
This court has no independence; it cannot
have any. What can a court be expected to
do in the face of a Legislature which can im-
peach them in five hours, and which has not
by the prudence of its action given assurance
that there is anything it may not attempt.
Here was this man claiming the office of judge;
no other question was involved. Now, to say
that in deciding that question the supreme
court of the State could determine as between
Pinchback and Warmoth which was entitled
to exercise the office of Governor, when neither
of them was before the court, and can say
which of two bodies of men, each numbering
one hundred and fifty, the Kellogg Legislature,
or the McEnery Legislature, are entitled to
exercise the power of legislation in that State,
is a perfectly preposterous proposition. What
did that decision amount to in its utmost limit
and extent? Simply to this, that the court
recognized that body of men as exercising de
facto the powers of legislation.
Mr. Chief Justice Taney, in the case which
arose in Rhode Island, holding that the ques-
tion which of two pretended State govern-
ments is the legal one, says:
" Indeed we do not see how the Question could be
tried and judically decided in the State court.
Judicial power presupposes an established govern-
ment capable of enacting laws and enforcing their
execution, and of appointing judges to expound
and administer them. The acceptance of the judi-
cial office is a recognition of the authority of the
government from which it is derived. And if the
authority of that government is assailed and over-
thrown, the power of its courts and other officers is
annulled with it. And if a State court should enter
upon the inauiry proposed in this case, and should
come to the conclusion that the government under
which it acted had been put aside and displaced by
an opposing government, it would cease to be a
court, and be incapable of pronouncing a judicial
decision upon the question it undertook to try. If
it decides at all as a court, it necessarily affirms the
oxistonco and authority of the government under
which it is exercising judicial power."
The idea that the United States, when upon
this great path of political power, endeavor-
ing to ascertain whether there is a government
in any State republican in form, is to be estop-
ped by the decision of the tribunals of that
State, and especially by the judicial tribunals
of that State which never can decide .such a
question, is too preposterous to merit serious
refutation. Why, tne question of what is the
government, on whether there is any there,
never can be settled in a court. It is political
in its character, and so far as the United
States has to deal with it, it must be decided by
the political branches of this Government.
The Supreme Court of the United States can-
not decide it; your circuit court of the United
States cannot decide ; it must be decided here
in this Chamber and in the Hall of the House
of Representatives. The political department
of this Government must deal with it as apolit-
ical question, and over it the courts have no
more jurisdiction than they have over the title
of Victoria to her crown ; and to say that the
decisions of this State court, rendered in man-
ifest want of jurisdiction, have settled the
question of the right of governorship between
Warmoth and Pinchback, neither of whom
was a party to the case, and between the
Kellogg and the McEnery Legislatures, not a
member of either Legislature being before the
court, is perfectly absurd.
It would not settle it in the State of Louis-
iana as a question of municipal law, much less
can it settle it in this broad political field where
we are now inquiring. Why, sir, if you would
be estopped by the decision of any branch of a
State government it would be the decision of
the political branch as to the proper repository
of political poorer. Suppose you were to-day
inquiring whether there is in Massachusetts a
republican form of government. The Legis-
lature of that State, hearing of your coming,
assembles and pass a resolution that there is a
republican form of government, and they refer
the question, as in that State they can, to the
opinion of their judges, and their judges decide
that their government is republican in form, so'
that you would have the decision of the political
power of that State and the judicial power of
that State that their government is republican;
but does any man in his senses claim that that
would estop Congress from inquiring into the
fact ?
This idea that the recognition of one branch
of this bogus government by another will estop
the United States reminds me of what I heard
years ago transpiring in the supreme court of
New Hampshire, when Chief J ustice Richard-
son was presiding. Some lawyer who was
too devoted to grog came in one morning ex-
ceedingly done for, and stumbled against a
large table within the bar, overturning it with
books and inkstands, and making such a scene
that business had to be suspended. When the
excitement had subsided and the lawyer had
subsided into a chair, the Chief Justice said
to him in a very grave tone : "Mr. Williams,
the court feels obliged to notice you this morn-
ing." [Laughter.] Williams pulled himself
up, and said he, " I thank your honors; I did
not expect such an honor; but I recognize the
court." [Laughter.] That is precisely what is
done here. Pinchback recognizes the Legis-
lature, and the Legislature -.ecognizes Pinch-
back. The judge that Pinchback appoints
recognizes him, and he recognizes the Legisla-
ture, and they recognize him ; and that stops
the United States from making any further
inquiry.
Mr. President, I have performed my duty to
this business and will have no more to say
about it. I sat with the committee surrounded
by an assemblage resembling a town meeting,
for four weeks. I labored night and day. I
have investigated this matter with an eye single
to find out the truth and to put on record a
lawyer-like result. I have done the best I
could, and I wash my hands of the whole busi-
ness. If you chdose upon any technicality to
stand back and leave that community in its
present condition, if you please to leave it to
be torn up by these contending governments
and to realize all the horror and bloodshed
that may follow from your silence, the respons-
ibility is upon you. If you propose to order
a reelection there, the committee has furnished
you a bill which I believe on all hands is con-
ceded in its details to be sufficiently guarded
to secure an honest election.
There is in that State a large colored popu-
lation enfranchised by your act, made citizens
by your laws, declared by your Constitution
and statutes to be entitled to have a voice in
electing a Governor. Here is the notorious
fact that they have not had that right; that
their will has been overridden, and that the
McEnery government, which appears to be
elected by the returns, is a government in
utter defiance of the public sentiment. Here
are the further facts, too notorious and too
apparent, that if you withdraw your protection,
stand back and leave the matter to settle itself,
one of two things must follow bloodshed in
that State, in which this colored population
are to be slaughtered like sheep on the streets;
or your President must do as ho says in his
message—he must stand by the government
which he has recognized, because the Federal
courts set it up, and our party ; it is perhaps
not entirely senatorial to distinguish between
the government and the party; but, Mr. Presi-
dent, the fact is that the Republican party is
answerable to the people of this country for
the conduct of this business, and we are
answerable to our constituents, to our con-
sciences, and to our God for our part in it.
If we leave the President with this respon-
sibility upon his shoulders, virtually compel
him to stand by that sham and fraud through
the summer and through four years, we shall
hear from it; and I wish to know, and I will
thank the honorable Senator from Indiana, as
I see he is about to reply to me, to tell me
what reason and excuse I shall render to the
people of Wisconsin for such a course on the
part of a Republican Congress in a great
emergency like this.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. P. M. B. YOUNG,
OP GEORGIA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 26, 1873.
The House having undor consideration the report
of the special committee appointed to investigate
the alleged Credit Mobilier bribery-
Mr.. YOUNG said :
Mr. Speaker : The House is weary, and be-
cause of the lateness of the hour, I will merely
ask leave to have printed in the Globe some
remarks on this subject.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not object if there
is nothing personal,in the gentleman's remarks.
Mr. YOUNG. I do not mean to put in
anything personal, except probably to try and
defend my friends.
Mr. RANDALL. That is all right enough.
Mr. YOUNG. I have a right to do that.'
I would really prefer to deliver my remarks
than merely get leave to print them, but for
the lateness of the hour.
Mr. RANDALL. Objection was made on
the other side this morning to having anything
printed that was not delivered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman can go
on and make his remarks now if he desires.
