212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26j
Ho. op Keps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Young.
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
Mr. CONGER. I objected this morning to
printing anything that was not actually deliv-
ered here. Perhaps it is proper I should say
that I did so because I wanted this "House to
he iu possession of all the arguments that
were to be presented, so that the House should
not have one view of the case and the country
another upon which to form a judgment.
Mr. YOUNG. I do not propose to enter
upon any elaborate argument at this time, and
I would not speak upon this subject at all if
any other southern member upon this floor had
spoken upon it from my view of the case. But
there have been such wrongs, I may say I re-
gard them as outrages, committed by the
majority in this House, so often and so recent,
and I have felt them so keenly that I cannot
forget them, and it is right here in this connec-
tion that I wish to recall some of them to. the
House.
I thank God and I congratulate the country
that the time has at last come when this
House has determined to pause in its wicked
assumption of powers not delegated to it by the
people and not warranted by the Constitution.
If I were to undertake to go over all the cases
which have been arbitrarily determined by
this House without law, without Constitution,
without right, it would take me until the sun
should rise to-morrow morning. I might cite
you to cases, sir, many in number, in the de-
termination of which this House has assumed
powers never contemplated by the framers of
the Constitution, and the precedents for which
there exists none previous to our late war.
There have been acts committed by both
branches of Congress within the last ten years
far more subversive of all the principles of
representative government, far more danger-
ous to the liberties of the citizens, than would
be the expulsion of the members who stand
accused before the bar of the House to-day.
But these wicked precedents form no excuse
in my mind for the continuation of dangerous
and pernicious legislation, but on the contrary
they admonish me that I should seize the very
first propitious momentin these days of usurp-
ation to impress upon the House the dangers
that may arise from setting such an example
for the Representatives \irho are to come after
us. Mr. Speaker, in all these delicate and
doubtful questions I ask myself the question,
which is the cause of B'ederal power and which
is the cause of the people? I am, sir, here
to-day to speak for the people, and as long as
I sit within this Hall whenever an issue arises
in which the interests of the people rest in
one scale and aught that conflicts with them in
the other, my voice and my vote shall be given
for the cause of the people though that voice
be echoless and that vote alone.
Mr. Speaker, here we have seven members
of this House accused, some of them of crime,
some of them of conduct unbecoming members
of this body. Your special committee has told
you that they are guilty of the charges brought
against them ; guilty of crimes committed over
five years ago ; guilty of crimes committed at
a period in the past between which and now
there have taken place two elections by the
people of the districts from whence these mem-
bers came. If they are guilty now, they were
guilty five years ago of the acts for which they
are arraigned here to-day, and after the com-
mittal of which they have been by their con-
stituents returned in two separate elections as
Representatives to this capital. And we are
•asked by the committee to expel two of them
and punish the others. Is this a common
court of justice, to investigate, pry into, and
arraign for trial the representatives of the
people for acts they may have committed long
before they were elected by their contituents
to represent them in the Forty-Second Con-
gress? Is- this a high court sitting here in
judgment over the acts of the people? Has it
come to this, that you shall dictate to the peo-
ple whom they shall and whom they shall not
elect as their legal representatives ?
Sir, I warn my fellow-members to be careful
in this matter. There is a tribunal capable
and all-powerful to try these members, a tri-
bunal who has the power to try them for any
act committed in the past, or during their
lives; but, sir, it is not this body; and I would
admonish gentlemen in this Hall that they,
too, maybe arraigned before that same mighty
bar to auswer for handling powers here not
intrusted to them, and with which they have
nothing to do whatever.
The special committee of which Mr. Poland
is chairman has told us that a close, a very
close analogy exists between the power of im-
peachment and the power of expulsion, that
that which would be a cause for impeachment
would be a cause for expulsion. I agree most
entirely, sir, with the able report of the Judi-
ciary Committee in so far as it touches this
point. I quote from the report of the Judi-
ciary Committee:
" If the conclusions to whiohyourcommitteehave
arrived in this regard aro oorroot, it will readily
be seen that the remedial proceeding of impeach-
ment should only be applied to high crimes and mis-
demeanors committed while in office, and whioh
alone affect tho offioer in discharge of his duties as
such, whatever may have been their effect upon him
as a man, for impeachment touchcs the office.only,
and qualifications for the office, and not the man
himselt.'V
There is a very important case analogous to
this which has been often cited in this House.
I refer to the case of John Wilkes, who was
first elected to the British Parliament on 28th
March, 1768, and under a charge of libel he
was expelled. He was reelected by his con-
stituents and again expelled. He was four
times elected, and four times expelled; but
the fifth time he was admitted to his seat, and
all the resolutions and acts expelling him were
expunged from the records of the Commons
by the order of a large majority of the house.
In their language they declare all the previous
acts of expulsion " as subversive of the rights
of the whole body of electors of this kingdom,"
Lord Chatham, in the upper house of Parlia-
ment, argued this case at great length, and in-
troduced an act in which these are the con-
cluding words:
"And forasmuch as all the resolutions aforesaid,
cutting off the subject from his indubitable birth-
right by a vote of one house of Parliament, exer-
cising discretionary power and legislative authority,
under color of a jurisdiction in elections, are most
arbitrary, illegal, and dangerous, be it therefore
doolarcd and enacted by tho king's most excellent
majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the
Lords spiritual and temporal and Commons in this
present, Parliament assembled, and by the authority
of the same. 'That .all the adjudications contained
in the above-mentioned several resolutions are arbi-
trary and illegal, and the same are, and shall be,
hereby reversed, annulled, and made void to all
intents and purposes whatsoever.'"
This is the great source, Mr. Speaker, from
which we should draw our inspiration on this
occasion. The liberty of the British subject
is the liberty of the American citizen, the
right to select under the Constitution his own
Representative; no matter what may have been
or might be his antecedents previous to his
election. Sir, there must be mftny on this
floor who will remember that when Bowen,
of South Carolina, appeared at the bar of the
House to take the oath as a Representative in
the Fortieth Congress, in the year 1868, a
member of the House rose in his place and
denounced Bowen as a murderer, a fugitive
from justice, and many other epithets were
heaped upon him, but no member was bold
enough to object to the oath of office being
administered to him; thus taking the grouud
that no action couldbe takenforacts committed
previous to election of a member.
Sir, this very day an election has taken place
in my State (Georgia) for a Representative of
one of the districts, and a statesman of great
ability and high renown has been chosen unan-
imously by the people of that district to repre-
sent them in this House for the Forty-Third
Congress, a man who was the vice president of
the confederate States of America, and one who
is as distinguished for his integrity and high
moral character as he is for his great ability. ,
But, sir, the very acts for which he may" be
most appreciated by his constituents may be.
faults and objections in the eyes of others, to
such an extent as may render him obnoxious
to the two-thirds majority which is to rule the
next House, and under this same doctrine of,
purification and purgation so eloquently pre-
sented by Mr. Poland's committee he might
be refused a seat in this body. There are many
members here now who might be taken uj>
and tried for acts committed by them years
and years ago which might render their pres-
ence distasteful to the ruling party of- the
House and be dismissed, and with as much
reason as we can have to expel these mem-
bers accused.
Who can tell at what point this power of
expulsion may stop if we go behind the elec-
tion of a member ? Who can tell when a case
may be presented wherein a member of the
minority may by his distinguished abilities
be so troublesome and distasteful to the
majority as to make it necessary for party
triumph that he shall be expelled ? How
many of you who listen to me to-night have
committed acts or used language in the past
that might not be made the pretext of investi-
gation and perhaps expulsion for the purpose
of party domination? "No life can be so
blameless, no services so exalted, no action so
just as always to guard a man against the
blasts of passion and prejudice which some-
times sweep over a deliberative assembly."
Sir, these men may be guilty, I do not stop
to inquire whether they are or not; but if they
are, your committee tells you that the acts for
which they advise their expulsion were com-
mitted years before their election to this
House. They may be guilty; they may be
tried, but you, my fellow-members, dare not
touch a hair of their heads. This House is
the House of the people; its members are the
creatures of the people. From the people it
derives all of its power and to the people
alone are its members responsible for acts
committed previous to their election to this
body. I, for one, who in the past have felt the
heel of oppression growing out of the usurpa-
tion of power by every branch of this Gov-
ernment, power not contemplated by the Con-
stitution and unwarranted by the laws of the
land, I condemn with all the power of my
humble capacity the recommendation of the
committee. I hope, sir, we may now make
a precedent which will put to the blush the
abettors of all the acts of oppression, all the
acts of usurpation of power passed by this
'House within the last few years. I am well
pleased that I have the opportunity here to-
night to help begin a new record.
I ask my southern friends around me to
pause bpfor - they make a record such as the
adoption of these resolutions would make: In-
the next Congress the Republican party will
have a two-thirds majority in this House,
enough to enable them to expel any member
for any cause that to them may seem proper.
They may expel me for acts I committed eleven
years ago. Why not ?
, Seven years ago an amendment was in-
grafted upon the Constitution of the United
States by the dominant majority in this House
which rendered nine tenths, yes. ninety-nine
out of every hundred of the respectable, edu-
cated, and intelligent people of my section, iu
eligible to be Representatives upon the floor
of this House.
When I first came here as a Representative
in 1868, after being duly elected, I was de-
