1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
memory of Geheral Thomas the indignity of
laying this bill on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the original
bill for which this is a substitute be read.
The bill was read. It appropriates out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the stim of thousand dol-
lars, to aid the Army of the Cumberland in
erecting a bronze equestrian statue to honor
the memory of the late Major General George
H. Thomas.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion
to lay the bill on the table. I hope that the
House' will vote down the substitute and agree
to the original bill, filling the blank with the
words " twenty-five."
Mr. COBURN. I do not think the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] under-
stands the question.
Mr. COX. Is the previous question de-
majided upon the bill just read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Sco-
held.) The previous question is asked upon
the substitute.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; which was upon
agreeing to the substitute reported by the
committee.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. If the
House is to divide on this question, and if there
is to be a contest, 1 hope we shall have some
debate. I do not want even*the appearance of
discord on this matter.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. N o debate
is in order except by general consent.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Then let
us have general consent. If the matter were
properly understood, I think we should all
agree.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Connecticut asks
unanimous consent to be heard on this bill.
For how long?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I was
making the request more particularly for the
gentleman who reports the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. He has de-
manded^ the previous question ; and upon his
motion it has been ordered.
Mr. DONNAN. I would like to occupy
three minutes by unanimous consent ; and
then let three minutes be occupied by any gen-
tleman on the other side.
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh! no; let us pass the
bill.
Mr. DONNAN. Very well.
Mr.MAYNARD. Wegive condemned can-
non for every little monument in every part
of the country. I think we ought to do some-
thing better to testify our respect for the
memory of General Thomas.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
substitute reported^ by the committee, it was
agreed to; there being—ayes ninety-four, noes
not counted.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
On the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
captain ii. h hinds.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the Commit-
D6x?n Affairs, reported a bill (H.
JNo. 40^1) .to correct the muster of H. H.
-tunas, late captain fifty-seventh Pennsylvania
volunteers; which Was read a first and seccmd
time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
muster of H. H. Hinds, as captain of the fifty-
seventh regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers,
shall be held to be a valid muster; and the
VVar Department is directed to grant him an
honorable muster-out as of date May 26, 18ti5,
but without additional pay or allowance.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com
mittee, reported adversely on the following
cases; and the same were laid on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 1825) for the relief of
Emolds Lloyd, of Montgomery county, Ala-
bama ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2664) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the better organization
of the military establishment," approved
August 3, 1861:
A bill (H. R. No. 3674) for the completion
of the national monument to the memory of
George Washington;
A bill (H. R. No. 8666) to remove the charge
of desertion in the War Department against
James W. Barnes, late private company I
twentieth Ohio volunteers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3641) for the relief of
jp&rGQ&lee •
A bill (H. R. No. 3642) for the relief of
Damon Woodworth;
A bill (H. R. No. 3643) for the relief of
Andrew J. Phinney ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3644) for the relief of
Elijah Z. Smith.
BREVET APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. MOREY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4024)
relating to brevet appointments; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, amends section
sixteen of an act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1871, approved July 15, 1870, so' as
to read as follows:
That hereafter no officer shall be entitled to wear
while on duty any uniform other than that of his
actual rank on account of having been breveted,
except as prescribed by the Army regulations, and
no brevet commission shall hereafter be granted
except for gallant and meritorious conduct in the
field in time of war, or for faithful service of not
less than thirty years' duration.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AARON B. FREYREAR.
Mr. MOREY also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 4025) for the relief
of Aaron B. Freyrear; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Aaron Freyrear, of Ashland, Illinois, out
of any money in the Treasury now appro-
priated or that may hereafter be appropriated
for the support of the Army, the sum of $500
in full demand of all moneys due him for ser-
vice rendered in the secret service of the Uni-
ted States between the 1st of November, 1862,
to the 1st of April, 1863, under orders of Major
General Curtis.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report in
that case be read.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that from papers furnished by the War Depart-
ment the service for which pay is claimed was
rendered that General Alvin P. Hovey refused
to approve the account for the reason that the
claimant, Aaron B. Freyrear, was employed by
order of General Curtis. The adjutant gen
eral on the staff of General Hovey, Captain
0,111 E. Phillips, makes affidavit that the claim-
ant was employed, was under the orders of
General Hovey, and that he rendered service
during the time for which pay is claimed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA STATE ASSOCIATION.
Mr. MOREY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. ) donating
condemned cannon to the Pennsylvania State
Association of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to deliver, if the same can be done
without detriment to the Government, twenty-
five condemned bronze cannon to the Penn-
sylvania State Association of Washington,
District of Columbia, for the erection of a
statue and groupings of Thaddeus Stevens, to
be placed in some public square in the city of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MOREY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not a very gracious
task to raise any question as to the propriety
of passing this measure. Still I would wish
to inquire of the gentleman who reports the
bill whether there are precedents for this
legislation.
TheSPEAKER^irotempore,(Mr. Scofield.)
The previous question is operating, and the
gentleman from Indiana speaks by the indul-
gence of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust if there is no pre-
cedent this bill will not open up a new field
for the action of Congress. Legislation of this
kind is exceedingly appropriate with refer-
ence to those who have served the country in
the time of war, either in the Army or Navy ;
but I am not aware of any precedent for such
legislation in behalf of a civilian or a states-
man.
Mr. SPEER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. MoreyJ whether there
are general contributions for this purpose ?
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir; there have been
in this city.
Mr. SPEER. Then I hope the bill will
Mr. COBURN. I would just say this about
Thaddeus Stevens, that I would rather give
ten caunon to erect a monument to him than
I would to erect a monument to any man who
ever buckled on the sword in our late war or
any other war. I think a higher tribute of
respect is due to his memory at the hands of
the people than to any man who served in the
Army,
.Mr. SLOCUM. I would like to know how
this bill comes here. It never passed the
Military Committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill has
been reported by the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Morey,] who has stated that he
was authorized to report it by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SLOCUM. This is the first I have
heard of it; and the chairman of the com-
mittee states that the committee did not author-
ize it to be reported. It has tio right to be
brought before this House.
Mr- SPEER. I rise to a question of order.
If the bill has never been considered by the
Committee on Military Affairs, is it in order
to report it to the House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill
has been reported by a member of the Mili-
tary Committee. At this stage, after the pre-
vious question has been seconded, the Chair
