550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
was the strong motive and inducement to the
Union. But there is no pretense of any men-
ace of the State of Louisiana from without,
no pretense of foreign invasion. Certainly
not, unless the conduct of the Attorney Gen-
eral and the President of the United States
amounts to invasion and comes within the
meaning of the first provision—the first pro-
vision of this fourth article. How is it with
the second provision in the case of domestic
violence? There is no application made here,
either by the Legislature of the State of Louis-
iana or by the Executive, as required in such
a case—in case of domestic violence. The
application of the Legislature, or of the Exec-
utive, when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened, one or the other, is a condition-prece-
dent to any intervention whatever. It is not
the complaint here that there is no Legisla-
ture, no Executive, but that there are two
Legislatures and two Executives. If there are
two, then either one or both might make the
application, provided there be domestic vio-
lence against the State. The difficulty is, that
neither one of these pretended Legislatures
or these pretended Executives of the State
of Louisiana has made any application for
our intervention ; neither one of them has
seen any occasion to invoke our aid or pro-
tection. On the contrary, it is here and now
by the gentleman who offers this resolution
alleged that no cause for such application
exists. The State is perfectly free from do-
mestic violence; both parties invoke only
the law in their behalf, both claim the law
is on their side. The fact that either or both
have not confidence in th© courts of the State
is no ground for our interference; the fact
that the litigation may be long and tedi-
ous to settle the question, is no groundj the
fact that bitter feelings exist, that excitement
prevails, that some timorous people may have
fear3 of troubles and more turbulent times or
greater political confusion, is no ground for
executive or congressional intervention.
Then, upon what ground, upon what theory,
upon what constitutional provision, does this
Congress, this Federal Government, dare to
intervene in the affairs of Louisiana? Is it a
question of election? And will the Federal
Government arrogate to itself the power to
determine a question of election arising be-
tween different claimants to an office or offices
in the State ? And is not that, I ask gentle-
men candidly, is not that the sole question
that is piesented here to-day, the claim on
the part of each of two Legislatures to exer-
cise the legislative functions of that State?
Is not that absolutely the only question that
divides the people of Louisiana? And I ask
again, under what provision of the Federal
Constitution has the Federal Government the
right to determine which of these two Legis-
latures was properly elected under the con-
stitution and laws of the State of Louisiana?
But if the Federal Government, if this Con-
gress cannot determine this question, the ques-
tion of who are elected to fill these various
offices, then what question are we to determ-
ine? What are we asked to do? How can
we settle or adjust the vexed questions which
have divided and still divide and produce
the state of things that exist in that State?
The resolution clearly provides for inquiry
into the election of these two sets of men claim-
ing to be the Legislature of the State. And I
insist that we have no power in this Congress,
and that the Executive has no power to inter-
fere either with the election or with the determ-
ination of the question as to which of these two
sets of persons has been elected as the Legis-
lature. What, then, have we a right to do?
That was a very pertinent question put to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] and I
agree with him in his answer. Keep the hands
of Federal power off; and when we have done
that, wfhen we have kept our hands off, we have
not done all our duty, but we are to keep the
hand of violence off from the State, from the
State authorities, leaving the State and them
perfectly free to act in accordance with their
own constitution and laws. For that purpose
alone may we intervene to see that the hand
of violence does not crush or overthrow her
constitution and subvert her government and
laws; to see that the State of Louisiana is en-
abled without violence to exercise her rights
as a State ; that her courts shall not be vio-
lently closed and her citizens by violence pre-
vented from going to them for the maintenance
of their rights and the redress of their wrongs.
With the question of the elections, I repeat it
again, we have nothing to do. We are bound
to guaranty to the State and to the people a
republican form of government. It is con-
ceded that the government is republican in
form. No one finds fault with its form. Their
constitution is satisfactory to all; it needs only
to be administered.
What question, then, arises except only as
to whether she shall be allowed to exercise
the constitutional rights provided for in her
own constitution ? This is the sole question,
and all we have to do is to let her work out
her own salvation without interference by the
Federal Government. There is no more power
in this Congress to interfere in the affairs of
Louisiana than there was in the Executive to
interfere, as he did by his Attorney General.
For myself I must say I cannot imagine upon
what ground the President dared to give that
order. I would like to know—I would be
glad indeed if the President or his Attorney
General would deign to inform us under what
provision of the Constitution, under what law
or by what supposed authority he could have
given that direction ? There was no domestic
violence, no insurrection, no foreign invasion
there which could have furnished the pretense
for their action.
Let us consider what must be the result of
such interference in the domestic affairs of
the States. Suppose you have a Congress
strongly partisan and anxious to have a par-
ticular State in accord with it, how easy it will
be to get up a legislative body not elected by
the people, which shall assume to be the real,
the true, legislative body. Crin it be tolerated
that this partisan Congress shall go into the
State and determine this bogus Legislature to
be the true Legislature of the State? How
long do gentlemen suppose republican gov-
ernment will exist in this country with such
powers in the Federal head ? It is one of the
wise provisions of the Constitution, designed
to prevent just this state of things which I
have supposed, that we are prohibited, that
the Congress, the Federal Government, is
prohibited from interfering in State affairs
except on the conditions provided for in this
fourth article of the Constitution. I deny
utterly the position claimed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] as I under-
stood him, that we have a right to walk into a
State and order a new election there because
there are two sets of men claiming to be the
Legislature of a State. It is simply a mon-
strous proposition that, if true, would destroy
all State authority, break down the Union,
and make this Federal Government an abso-
lute and unqualified despotism.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, obtained the
floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
from Ohio proceeds I would inquire how much
is left of the time allowed for debate?
The SPEAKER. Five minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. And that time is already
engaged ?
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio will cover it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall probably
not occupy all the time. Mr. Speaker, I have
listened with the deepest interest to all that
has been said on this question, and I desire to
call the attention of the House to what seems
to be the practical course to take to get out
of the difficulty at the present time. I pre-
sume few members here are ready to do what
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] says he is ready to do ; we may be ready
to do it by and by, but certainly, I presume,
very few are ready to take such action now.
In the next place, I presume that very few
men in this Hall would venture now to say
that they do sufficiently understand the facts,
that they can now declare what their final
action ought to be in this whole controversy.
With these two conditions stated, let me call
the attention of gentlemen for a moment to
what has been done in this case. The first
breath of this Louisiana trouble struck offi-
cially not in this Chamber, but in the Exec-
utive Chamber. The first difficulty was not a
legislative but an executive one, and therefore
very naturally the first appeal was to the
Executive of the United States.
For more than one month the question in
many if not all its phases has been agitated
in the executive department of the Govern-
ment. The President has called to his aid
the strength of his Cabinet officers, the law
officer of the Government. The relations of
the case to the Army, the relations of the case
to the courts, all these features of the ques-
tion have passed before the executive coun-
cil. And we have now laying upon the
Speaker's table a vast mass of documents,
which we have no right to suppose does not
give us the whole story of the case up to this
time. The whole story of the action of the
Federal Executive is there, done up in that
brown paper, and it is yet unread by any
member of this House.
Now, I desire to ask if our first duty is not
to ascertain what is contained in that paper;
if our first duty is not to find out whether the
information therein contained is not all that
we need to know; to set about ascertaining
that, fact by the shortest possible method, and
to put ourselves in possession of that knowl-
edge aS soon as possible? We have in this
House a law committee. It seems to me that
the shortest, the plainest, the only proper set-
tlement of that question at this time is to order
that the message of the President, with all the
accompanying documents now lying upon your
table, Mr. Speaker, shall be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and that that com-
mittee shall be directed to examine and report
to this House at as early a day as possible, and
that they shall be empowered to report at any
time.
Mr. STEVENSON. They have that power
now under the resolution of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary shall be instructed to
report what facts they may find, and that they
shall also report if there is anything in those
facts that require any action on the part of
Congress. If they shall find that any action is
required they will give us the reason for it,
ana at the same time they will give us all the
facts. With that reason and the facts mem-
bers of this House will be ready to act on their
responsibility.
I shall, therefore, at the proper time ask the
House to give me an opportunity to offer a
resolution I have prepared, and I hope the
House will adopt it in place of the resolution
of my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon,]
so that we may not rush into the middle of this
question until we have taken the necessary
steps to inform ourselves of all the facts within
our reach. I ask the Clerk to read, as a por-
tion of my remarks, the resolution I have pre-
pared, in order that the House may see what
I desire as to disposing of this case.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the message of the President and
the accompanying documents, now on the Speaker's
table, relating to the existing condition of affairs in
the State of Louisiana, be printed and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary; that the said com-
mittee be ordered to report to the House at as early
a day as possible what facts, if any, there are in the
