1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
mm that require any action on the part of Congress,
and that said committee have leave to report at any
time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It seems to me
that that resolution will lay the proper founda-
tion for solid work. When that committee
shall have reported, if they tell us that there
is a condition of affairs in Louisiana for which
Congress ought to legislate, we will hear them
and discuss and consider their measure. If,
on the contrary, they tell us that it is an exec-
utive and a judicial matter, with which we are
not concerned and ought not to be concerned,
we shall have done our duty in having made
that discovery, and ca'n then go on about our
other business.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will ask the mover of
the pending resolution to accept as a part
thereof the following, which embodies' some
of my ideas of what is required at our hands,
but which I have not time now to present to
the House fully in the way of argument:
And that they further inquire who were duly and
legally eleeted afcthe said election as electors for
President and Vioe President.
Mr. SHELDON. I have no objection to
that at all, and will incorporate it in my reso-
lution.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a question which
will be before us in a few weeks as a practical
question, and it seems to me it is one for which,
with wise forecast, we ought to provide. We
can with propriety inquire into the returns of
the election for electors for President and
Vice President, and doubtless the ascertain-
ment of that question will practically settle
the contested-election case between the dif-
ferent parties claiming to be the legal officers
of the State of Louisiana. And it would save
us the necessity of seeming to go into that
State and attempting to settle an election con-
test purely local, and confined altogether to
the affairs of that State. We have not before
us, I humbly conceive, any such case as would
justify us, under the fourth section of the
fourth article of the Constitution of the United
States, in attempting to determine whether the
State government of Louisiana is republican in
form. That I understand not to be questioned.
There is no danger of foreign invasion. Of
domestic violence there is none; and that is
provided against by the Executive at the in-
stance of the governmental authorities that have
been recognized by the judiciary department
of the Government. I doubt not the people
of Louisiana are perfectly competent to settle
foi themselves a qnestion of contested elec-
tion, for that is all it is—a contest between two
sets of officers claiming to have been elected
on the same day at the same ballot-boxes, the
election being conducted by the tame officers ;
there having been one election in fact, the
result being claimed on the one side and the
ather to be different. That question I believe
can be settled by the local machinery there,
settled satisfactorily in the main, settled justly
perhaps, settled practically at least; and I
prefer the question should receive a decision
in that way.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time allowed for
debate has expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
what is the resolution before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The only resolution pend-
ing is that offered by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Sheldon.] The Chair under-
stands him to modify it by incorporating as a
part thereof the amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Tennessee^ [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. SHELDON. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the resolution
offered under a motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to give
notice that if the resolution of the gentleman
from Louisiana be Voted down, I shall ask a
suspension of the rules to adopt the resolution
which has been read as a part of my remarks.
Mr. SHELDON. I am perfectly willing the
House should take a vote upon the question
whether the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio shall be substituted for mine.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That will save
time. I ask the gentleman to let me move my
resolution as an amendment to his.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that that
can be done by a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKEB. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. NIBLACK. I suggest that the gentle-
man from Louisiana allow his resolution also
to go to the Committee on the Judiciary in
case the substitute be adopted.
Mr. SHELDON. Certainly; I want the
sense of the House tested upon the question.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to test-
ing the sense of the House on substituting the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio for that
of the gentleman from Louisiana ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I should like
to inquire of the gentleman •from Ohio what
there is in his resolution that is not embodied
in the resolution offered by myself a month
ago, and whether it is desired to limit the
inquiry to be made by the Judiciary Com-
mittee to the State of Louisiana alone ? Is not
the question broad enough to take in the cases
of Alabama and Arkansas, and to demand some
general legislation to protect the country from
the recurrence of these evils in the future ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The very fact
of the gentleman's resolution being so broad
requires a specific resolution to accompany
these papers relating to this particular question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to testing the sense of the House upon sub-
stituting the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio for that of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer to have the Bense
of the House tested in the regular way.
Mr. SHELDON. I hope the gentleman will
not object. If there is objection, I would like
to inquire whether it is competent for me so to
amend my motion to suspend the rules that the
vote shall first be taken upon the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana could withdraw his resolution.
Mr. SHELDON. I do not want to do that;
but I want to test the sense of the House upon
substituting the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio for mine.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The construction of the
Chair will be that a majority may adopt the
substitute, but that a two-thirds vote will be
necessary to adopt the resolution finally.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that both resolu-
tions be read.
The resolutions were again read.
The question first occurred on the substitute
of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio; and it was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then adopted
under the suspension of the rules, two thirds
having voted in favor thereof.
affairs in louisiana.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House the following message from the
President of the United States to the House
of Representatives.
' The Clerk read as follows:
To the Haute of Representatives :
In answer to resolution of the House of Bepre-
sentatives of the _16th of Deoember last, calling for
information relative to the condition of affairs in
Louisiana, and what, if any, action has been taken
in regard thereto, I herewith transmit the report of
the Attorney General and the papers by which it is
accompanied. U. S. GRANT.
Washington, January 13,1873.
The SPEAKER. This message, with ac-
companying papers, has already been referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed by order of the House.
pacific railroad.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of adopting the following
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the following provision shall be
in order as an amendment to House bill No. 2991,
now pending in the Committee of the Whole, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government, namely :
That the ninth section of an act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3, 1871, is hereby repealed ; and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
apply all such sums of money as are now or shall
become due to either of the Pacifio railroad com-
panies embraced within the provision of said section
from the United States for the transportation of
troops, supplies, mails, or otherwise, to the payment
of the indebtedness of such company to the United
States for interest paid by the United States on bonds
issued for the benefit of said company.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire to allow me to have read a
substitute which I should like to offer for his
resolution.
Several Members. Oh, no 1
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be read, so we may
know what it is.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not object to the
reading of the gentleman's resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to move what I
send up to the Clerk's desk to be read as a sub-
stitute to the resolution of the gentleman from
New Hampshire.
The Clerk read as follows :
That the Attorney General be, and he is heroby.
directed to cause proceedings in equity to be insti-
tuted in the proper United States courts for the pur-
pose of ascerta ining if any obligation of the Union
Pacifio Railroad Company, Central Pacific Railroad
Company, or any other railroad company, created
by the acts of July 1, 1862, or July 2,1864, or either
of said acts, in relation to interest on bonds remains
unfulfilled, and to enforce the same, if any there be,
against said companies.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in order to move to
amend a motion to suspend the rules, or to
amend a resolution pending under a suspen-
sion of the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope there
will be no objection to allowing that to be
offered as an amendment, so that they may be
both in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I shall ask the Chair
to recognize me after this is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman immediately afterward.
Mr. RANDALL. We shall have the fullest
discussion of the whole subject.
The question was taken ; and two thirds
voting in favor thereof, the rules were sus-
pended, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Speaker, in
order that we may have the whole subject be-
fore us, I move to suspend the rules and pass
the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the following amendment shall
also be in order in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to the legislative, &c., appro-
priation bill: . , , . , ,
That the Attorney General be, and he is hereby,
directed to cause proceedings in equity to be insti-
tuted in the proper United States courts for the pur-
pose of ascertaining if any obligation of the Union
Pacifio Railroad Company, Central Pacific Railroad
Company, or any other railroad oompany created
by the acts of July 1, 1862, or July 2,1864, or either
of said acts, in relation to interest on bonds remains
unfulfilled, and to enforce the same, if any there be,
against said companies.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that embrace 
Mr. SARGENT. It will be open to amend-
ment in the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to put the Gov-
ernment where it stood prior to the passage of
the Army bill on the 3d of March, 1871.
Mr. SARGENT. This will be open to
amendment. I ask the Chair whether it will
not be in order to modify the amendment by a
vote of the committee or of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair never rules on
a point of order in committee, nor does he
rule in advance on any point of order. The
Chair rules on points of order as they arise in
the House, and not otherwise.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] says he
