1873.
THjB congressional globe.
1517
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in order save
by unanimous consent, except a motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. DONNAN. I hope the question will
be again submitted to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Amblbb] declines to withdraw his objec-
tion.
Mr. TWICHELL. My motion is that the
bill be recommitted with permission to the
committee to report at any time.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order for us to
take a recess until some time to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to take
a recess until before eleven o'clock to morrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the House now
take a recess until half past ten o'clock to-
morrow.
Several Members. Say ten o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. A motion to adjourn will
kill the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. This matter will then be
under the control of the House for one
hour. We will have a full House here then,
and the motion can be disposed of.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Am-
BLEK,] who insists upon his objection. I should
like to have him state some eonfpromise he
will agree to. If he will submit any fair prop-
osition to this side of the House, 1 think we
will agree to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may have, in
a previous statement, led gentlemen into an
error. The House need not, necessarily adjourn
before eleven o'clock ; the session may run on,
the proceedings being journalized as of the
same day.
Mr. RANDALL. It is very unlikely the
House will do that.
The SPEAKER. Highly improbable, the
Chair thinks. [Laughter.]
Mr. MERRIAM. I rise to a point of order
on" this bill, that it makes an appropriation,
and must, have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. „ , ,
The SPEAKER. That is a perfectly good
point of order if it had been- made in time.
[Laughter.] ,
Mr. AMBLER. I rise to a point of order.
Can the objection be waived in the absence ot
a quorum of the House? ,
The SPEAKER. The absence of a quorum
was not ascertained until after the reading and
consideration of the bill. . .
Mr. AMBLER. It was ascertained imme-
diately after the introduction of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That does not prove there
was not a quorum when the bill was taken up
for consideration.
Mr. CONGER. Is it in order for the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] to make his
objection to this bill now?
Mr. AMBLER. I do not understand what
the gentleman means.
jir. BURCHARD. Immediately after the
reading of the bill there was a demand for the
PrTh°USPEAK°ER. On that tellers were or-
dered. It is too late to make the point ot
order now. The point of order would be
a,oainst the bill; but not being made at the
proper time, it cannot be made now.
Mr BECK, of Kentucky. It was rather
pleasant to see the gentlemen on the other
side filibustering, and I move there be a call
°fMre CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
of the House that the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ambleb,] who objects to this proceed-
ing, state the grounds of his objection at this
time. ,. ,
Mr. RANDALL. I object-
The SPE A.KHJK. The gentleman from Omo
[Mr. Ambler] has notified the Chair he woul
object to everything, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] that he would
object to everything which the gentleman from
Ohio bad omitted. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARP. I hope we will take a
recess until half-past ten o'clock to-morrow,
the remainder of to-day's legislative session
to be devoted to the business of the Military
Committee.
Mr. AMBLER. Is that in order without a
quorum?
The SPEAKER. Nothing less than a quo-
rum can take a recess.
Mr. AMBLER. The® I object.
Mr. DICKEY. I suggest that the House
do something. [Laughter.]
Mr. DQBOSE. I more there be a eall of
the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
41,. noes 46, no quorum voting.
Mr. DUBOSE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. DuBose and
Mr. Sawyer were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 44
So the House ordered there be a call of the
House.
Mr. WILLARD. Pending the call of the
roll, I move that the House do now adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—-ayes, 48, noes 44.
Mr. WILLARD. I call for tellers.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I again renew the
proposition that 
The SPEAKER. There is no use in asking
unanimous consent for anything so long as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey]
declare that they object to everything.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I thought those gentle-
men had retired from the House. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have sub-
mitted the gentleman's proposition if he had
not seen the gentlemen in their seats. [Laugh-
telMr. GETZ. Would it, he in order to ask
leave of absence for those two gentlemen ? _
The SPEAKER. That would not be m
Tellers were ordered; and .the Speaker
appointed Mr. MacJntyre and Mr. Willard.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—yeas 34, nays 50. '
Mr. WILLARD called for the yeas and
nays. ,
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were
ayes sixteen. ,
The.SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair a sufficient number have voted in the
affirmative to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONGER. Count the other side.
The other side being counted, there were
fifty-three negative votes-. „ . .
So (one fifth having voted in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were ordered. _
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative: yeas 42, nays 55, not voting
143 as follows:
VJ^AR—Messrs. Am-bler, Barber, James G. Blair,
rtnffhitoD Bunnell, Burchard, Coburn, Eajrties,
Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Haldeman,
Hihhird Hoar, Kelley, Ketcham. Lamport,.May-
nard MeCrary, McJunkin, McKco, MeKirroey,
lifemam, Leonard Myers*, Packard, Poland.^Pnndle.
TIojmms Ru.sk* Sawyer, Scofielu, fetioemaKer,
HBoardTan Smith. St. John Thorn:
Townsend. Twichell, Tyner, Upson. Waldron, Wil
^YS-mST Acke^Adlms, Arthur, Barry,
T.mrt l Beck BelUJird, Braxton, Bright. Conger,
anNOTQVCmNG-Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill,
Ely, Esty, Farnsworth, Farwell,' Worker, Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett,
Goliaduy, Goodrich, Griffith. Hale, Halsey, llain-
bleton, Hancock, Harmer, Havens, John B. Haw-
ley, Hays,Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton.
Hereford, Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Kerr, Killinger, Kinsella. Lamison, Lansing,
Leaoh, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, McCormick, McGrew,
MeHenry, McNeely, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore,
Morey, Mornhis, Negley, Silas L. Nlblaek, Orr,
Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker.
Peck, Pendleton. Perry, Peters, P-otter, Read,
Edward Y. Bice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sargent. Seeley.
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood.
Shobor, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Starkweather.
Stevens, Stevenson,.Stowell, Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Taffe. Dwight Townsend, Turner, Tuttnll.
Van Trump, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Warren,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of New York, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—143.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the House
take a recess until half past ten o'clock to-mor-
row, forenoon.
Mr. DICKEY. I raise the point of order
that that motion is not in order. The House
cannot order a recess if it finds itself without
a quorum.
The SPEAKER yro tempore, (Mr. Poland.)
The Chair sustains the point of order. A call
of the House has been ordered on the motion
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. DuBoss, ]
and the Clerk will proceed to call the roll.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand nothing is
in order but the call of the roll.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and the
following named gentlemen failed to answer
to their names:
Messrs. Ames, Archer. Averill, Banks, Barnuin,
Beatty, Erasmus W.Beck, Bell, Bigby,Biggs, Bing-
ham, Austin Blair, Boarman, Brooks, Buckley,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. But-
ler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb,
Coghlan, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Orebs, Oroely,
Crocker, Crossland, Darrall, Dawes, Duell, Duke,
Eldredge. Ely, Esty, Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Garrett Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, Halsej,
Hambleton, Hancock, Harmer, Hams, John B,
Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Haaelton, John W. Hazel-
ton, Hereford, Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kerr, Killinger, Kmsella, Lamison. Lan-
sing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, McCormick. Mc-
Grew, MeHenry, McNeeley Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Morey. Morphia, Negley, Silas L. Sib ack,
Orr, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Kaac: t.
Parker, Peck, Pendletou, Perry, Peters. Potter, lid-
ward y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R.Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley. Sessions,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, blow.
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Sny-
■ Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Si
der, Speer,  
son, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann,
ww, Jteven-
Sypher, Taffe,
DwlghirTownMnT."Turner: Tuth'ill, Van Trump.
Wallell, Wakeman, Walden, Warren, Wheeler,
Whitely, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BRAXTON said: I was requested by
Judge Rice, of Illinois, to say that he was
compelled to leave the Hall by indisposition.
Mr. YOUNG. I offer the resolution which
I send to the desk. I ask that it be read.
Mr. STORM. That is not in order pending
1 The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Poland.)
Upon the call of the roll one hundred and
two members (less than a quorum) have an-
swered to their names. The doors will be
Cl°Mrd HOAR. Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, is
engaged in the duties of a committee winch
has been authorized to sit during the sessions
of the House. ,
Mr. DICKEY. After the doors are closed
we can hear excuses.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
'that further proceedings under the call be
dispensed with, and that the House take a
recess. , , _
Mr. YOUNG, I insist that the absent mem-
bers shall be brought to the bar.
I Mr. HOLMAN. I ask to make a propo-
I sition that may possibly be favorably con-
1 sidered.
