1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
217
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Oklahoma Territory—Mr, Sargent.
Ho. of Beps;
was in this case. If the tunnel, instead of
being finished in 1869, was not to be finished
until 1878, the miners had no use for it. But
Sutro came here and had a law passed in which
those contracts are made a perpetual charge
on the mines. In other words, Congress dis-
charged Sutro from all obligation to keep his
contract with the mine owners, while holding
them to pay him just the same as if he had
fulfilled his obligations. It must be admitted
that lobbying pays in view of these facts.
congressional mills.
But there is another part of this plan. The
bill provides for an investment of $500,000 of
the Government's money in quartz reduction
work. " Here's richness 1 " Let usgrind the
wheat and corn of the country as well as its
quartz. Why not? Let us nurse the babies
as well. Talk about centralization after a
committee of this House has gravely recom-
mended such expenditures as these! But will
$500,000 in Government reduction works do
better or cheaper work than $2,000,000 in the
hands of miners ?
SUTKO'S BARGAIN.
By this bill the Government is to. loan to
Adolph Sutro and his associates $2,000,000 at
five per cent, simple interest for twenty years,
which will amount to $4,000,000. The testi-
mony before the committee that reported the
bill shows that interest in Nevada is not five per
cent, per annum, but three per cent, per month,
i will not calculate that for twenty years. It
would be enormous. But take ten per cent,
per annum compounded and it would be im-
possible to get the money there at that rate,
and the amount would be in twenty years
$13,454,918. So Sutro would make, even if he
pays, $7,454,918. That is worth lobbying for
certainly. At twenty per cent, per annum,
which would be a reasonable interest in Nevada
on good mining risks, the amount of prin-
cipal and interest in twenty years would be
$63,433,667. No capitalist would loan bis
money to have, as proposed by this bill, his
interest unpayable till the maturity of a twenty
years' loan, and uncompounded. But the tun-
nel is to be finished in five years. That leaves
fifteen of the twenty years to reap all sorts of
advantages to the corporation, and if there is
a failure, to throw the tunnel on to the hands
of the Government, which could whistle for
its $4,000,000.
Again, the Comstock lode has been worked
for about twelve years. With improved appli-
ances its working is now more rapid and
exhaustive than ever, and this will increase
rather than diminish. During that period the
shafts have penetrated about two thousand
feet from the surface. No one believes that
the lead can be worked deeper than four thou-
sand feet. Certainly in the next twenty years
as much work can be done as in the past
twelve. If so, the mines will be worked out,
and the tunnel will be an exploded hole. The
Government can then realize on its security.
Why should the Government thus take all the
risk and have none of the golden profits that
are insisted will flow from this enterprise ? If
the advocates of this bill believe sincerely in
the necessity and propriety of appropriating
$2,000,000 for this tunnel, let them put in a
proviso to the bill, granting it in consideration
of and upon receipt of a majority of Sutro
Tunnel Company stock, made out in the name
of the Government. Let the Government at
least hold a controlling interest in this stu-
pendous scheme. Let it at any rate retain
the power.
To my mind, unless the tunnel shall be the
means by which the title and possession of the
Comstock mines shall be seized by the Sutro
corporation, thereafter to be worked by the
more economic modes now used, it will be a
financial failure. The scheme has too many
tentacles. It reaches out in too many direc-
tions. It speculates in too many kinds of busi-
ness for success. It is too showy for a solid
business operation. The inevitable result will
be that the Government will lose all it invests
and will have only a useless tunnel for its
expenditures. - But will not the Sutro corpora-
tion have lost a similar amount? Not at all 1
The second section of the bill plainly states:
"That whenever the Sutro Tunnel Company, &«..
shall have hereafter completed five hundred linear
feet of its tunnel and shafts the Secretary of theTreas-
ury, upon application to him by said company, shall,
from the aforesaid moneys or from any other money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, pay, as
a loan to said company, 850,000; and In like manner
shall payas a loan to said company alike sum upon
the completion by said company of each and every
additional five hundred feet of said tunnel and
shafts, as heroin specified: Provided, That each in-
stallment of said loan shall be paid by the Secretary
of theTreasuryto said company only aftersaid com-
pany shall bave expended, according to the report
of the commissioners hereinafter provided for, an
additional equal amount of its own funds in the con-
struction of said tunnel and shafts."
Provisions which are generally intended as
safeguards are here hoodwinkers. This proviso
is very adroitly drawn, and seems t> provide
that the Government shall spend dollar for
dollar with the corporation. Examine it crit-
ically and you will see that under its provisions
what has already been done can be counted in
on the first five hundred linear feet, so that the
first $50,000 can be claimed at once. With
this $50,000 another five hundred feet can be
scooped out, and with the next $50,000 five
hundred feet more, and so on until the entire
$2,000,000 is drawn from the Treasury. Thus
under the pretense of supplying half the con-
struction money, Sutro's company will make
Uncle Sam pay every cent of it, wait twenty
years for his pay, and then not get it if the
tunnel is a failure.
CAPITALISTS WOULD BUILD TUNNEL IP PROFITABLE.
If what the advocates say in favor of this
scheme is true, it does not need Government
aid. Capital would only be anxious to embark
in it. As it is, American capital has sedulously
avoided it, and foreign capital has been brought
in by inducements held out that Congress
would give to it a liberal supply of public
money. The very report of the Mining Com-
mittee that accompanies this bill, which reads
so much like one of Sutro's pamphlets that it
is difficult to believe in different paternity for
it, was published as a stock-brokers' exhibit
weeks in advance of its being presented to
Congress. This may be all right, but it must
be admitted to be slightly irregular.
MINE OWNERS WOULD BUILD IT IF NECESSARY.
If this tunnel were necessary or sufficiently
useful the mining companies would construct
it themselves, and that without the aid of any
law of Congress. They have not shown them-
selves unenlightened upon their own interests
or illiberal in their expenditures for explora-
tion. They have met every new want with
enterprise. They erect new hoisting works,
sink new shafts, introduce new machinery,
build railroads as fast as convinced by new
developments of their desirability. Whose
opinion is of the most worth as to the neces-
sity or utility of a work of this character,
that of the men who daily superintend these
mines and of those who own them, or that of
Sutro, who is a stranger to them, and who
only visits the city which overlies them annu-
ally according as he can be spared from his
congressional labors? of a scientific commis-
sion appointed by Congress, or the members
of the Committee of Mines and Mining, who
have no practical acquaintance with mines* or
scientific qualifications to aid their conclu-
sions?
NOT A QUESTION BETWEEN RIVAL CORPORATIONS.
Now, it is no answer to the considerations
which I have presented, and which will be
irresistible to any one who will read the report
of the commissioners, scientific and impartial
men as they are, with a desire to ascertain the
truth therefrom ; it is no answer to say that
any rival corporation, of whatever name or
character, is an owner in the Comstock lode,
or in the Carson river mills, or in the railroad
that carries the ore, or in anything else; or
^iat such corporation is opposed to the injury
or destruction of its interests, or that it dis-
likes Sutro, or that Sutro dislikes it. The
interests of the Government are first to be
considered in the light of constitutional obli-
gations. With the din raised in this matter
Congress may soon say "a plague on both
your houses."
Oklahoma Territory.
SPEECH OF HON. A. A. SARGENT,
of california,
In the House op Representatives,
■January 16, 1873,
On tho bill (H. II. No. 2635) for the better protec-
tion of the Indian tribes, and their consolidation
under a civil government, to be called the Terri-
tory of Oklahoma.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, early in this
sesssion it was my duty to report the Indian
appropriation bill for the action of the House.
In explaining the provisions of that bill to the
Committee of the Whole 1 took occasion to
speak fully of the relations of the various In-
dian tribes to the Government of the United
States, created by treaties which we negotiated
with them by our representatives and confirmed
by the Senate, and to beg for justice under
those treaties to the Indians who are their
beneficiaries. I showed fully the consider-
ation received and sought by the United
States; that it had acquired of present treaty
Indians the lands on which are now existing
some of the most powerful and wealthy States
of the Union; that, so far as the possession
or acquisition of territory is concerned the
United States have been the gainers, and have
had the advantage that intelligence and power
always gains in either contest or contract with
the ignorant and weak. On the score of jus-
tice, of equity, and of humanity, I asked that
the treaties existing might be carried out in
good faith by the Government; that the eager
pressure of our people for new lands might
not be allowed to work national dishonor;
that the Representatives of the people should
not listen to local calls to break down bar-
riers which had been carefully erected to pro-
tect the diminished possessions of those who
are called the nation's wards. It was in ref-
erence to just such measures as this that I
spoke at that time, hoping that Congress
would not give the lie to all past legislation, to
all plighted faith, and extend- to its " wards"
the protection that the wolf affords to the
lamb. I admit our power in the premises.
We can send a force to the Indian territory
that can ornament every Indian hut with the
scalps of its tenants. I admit our legal power.
We can repeal every treaty by law, or order
the Executive to disregard them. But I deny
the moral right. I do not believe any treaty
is higher iti dignity or character than a stat-
ute of Congress; but a statute that creates
a contract is sacred, ami-above honest repeal.
These treaties are solemn compacts founded
on consideration received, and are only to be
repealed or violated by a breach of national
honor. Here, perhaps, the discussion ought to
stop. That which is dishonorable ought not
to be debated on the score of gain to be de-
rived from it; that which is honorable ought
not to need that it be shown to be profitable
as well as right. But 1 may be allowed to say
that the United States has a higher interest in.
