218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,.
[February. 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Mining Statistics—Mr. McCormick.
42d Cons....3d Bess.
the, civilization.of its three hundred thousand
Indians, or any considerable number of them,
than it has in the success of two or three rail-
roads, or in. opening at once to white settle-
ment these Indian lands. Railroads can
wait the development of the country, where
they are not absolutely needed to connect
distant populous points; white settlement
can spread over a hundred millions of un-
occupied fertile lands throughout our domain?
Naboth's vineyard need not be coveted.
There is plenty of opportunity for settle-
ment in the new States and Territories. But
nowhere else in the United States have the
Indians a foothold on lands where cultivation
is possible, where agriculture and the'mechanic
arts can be taught them, and where there is
room to gather the wildertribes and bring them
under the influence of their more civilized
brethren. For this purpose these lands have
been dedicated by the nation, and the result
shows that the act was wise and effective.
The number of Indian schools and churches
and the degree of enlightenment among the
Indians in this territory will surprise any one
who cares for the facts. Every year more and
more Indians are brought to and settled in the
Indian territory. Break up this experiment,
and where shall it be recommenced? Break
it up, and what community of Indians can here-
after accept the national faith?
The gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe]
would break up all tribal relations, scatter the
Indians, without protection and without re-
sources, wherever they could flee from en-
croaching white men. He does not anticipate
these consequences from such dissolution of
those relations, and undoubtedly believes in
his kind heart that he has struck the solution
of this matter in the interest of the Indian.
But these consequences are the necessary
result of his remedy. The Indians have been
accustomed to lean on each other and on theii;
tribal connections. They cannot stand alone
until taught. Civilization must precede the dis-
solution, and will dissolve these relations, as it
has done in every case where bands have been
broken up and the members have become
citizens.
My friend from Missouri [Mr. Wells] puts
the main stress of his argument upon the incon*
venience arising to his own and neighboring
States from the observance of Indian treaties.
The argument from convenience is the ready
plea for injustice all the world over. Were
this now a question whether in exchange for
vast territories relinquished by the Indians in
other localities they should now be located near
my friend's State, his objections would have
great force. But it is no such question. His
and other States have grown up in this neigh-
borhood side by side with the Indian territory,
and there would be as much reason in the com-
Elaint of the Indians that the white man had
emmed them in and should be removed as for
the white man to complain of the neighborhood
of the Indians. I speak of right and reason, not
of force and influence. In this struggle the
Indians may be defeated, but let us not put in
any claim to decency in the act. I do not think
my friend does do so. If I heard his speech
aright, he holds that the Indians are a con-
quered people, completely at our mercy, to be
disposed of, they and their rights, at our will,
' and any treaty or compact we have with them
is simply the temporary expression of our own
pleasure. In that view I cannot concur.
Mr. Speaker, I do not intend to long tres-
pass on the time of the House. I wish only
further to say that this bill springs from an
influence wholly hostile to the Indians and to
the peace policy of the Administration. I have
not heard of one noted friend of the Indians
who has said a word or written one in its favor.
My friend from Texas [Mr. Conner] sees in it
the Texan idea of Indian administration, and
his position on the .bill-is an admonition to me.
The President is opposed,to such a bill. .It.is
the very opposite of the one recommended by
him. The board of Indian commissioners are
not for it; The Committee on Indian Affairs
are opposed to its passage in its present shape.
The Indians themselves protest. Under such
circumstances, with such backing aud such
opposition, I cannot vote for the :bill, and I
trust it will be rejected.
Mining Statistics.
SPEECH OP HON. E. C. McCORMICK,
of arizona,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21,1873,
On the reports of the United States Commissioner
of Mininsr Statistics.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Mr. Speaker,
the mining industry of this country has been,
during the last twenty-five years, one of the
most important elements of national progress
and prosperity. This is particularly true of the
great development which has taken place in
the States and Territories lying wholly or
partly west of the Rocky mountains. Prom
the time when gold was discovered in Cali-
fornia to the present day mining in the West
has been not only a direct source of commer-
cial benefit to the country but indirectly a
factor in all progress. It has settled new Ter-
ritories, stimulated the construction of great
public works, extended agriculture and manu-
factures ; in short, built up an empire on the
other side of this continent, the wealth and
capacities of which have as yet scarcely been
realized by the most enthusiastic observers.
Meanwhile, I need hardly add, the mines of
iron, copper, and lead in the Atlantic States,
supported by the abundant product of the coal
mines, have mightily strengthened the indus-
trial and political power of the nation.
Political economy teaches us that the wisely
utilized mineral resources of a country are as
potent as its agriculture in maintaining its
commercial importance. This fact has been
recognized by Congress with regard to certain
classes of mining which have been protected
by tariff legislation Whether this has been
wisely done it js unnecessary for me here to
inquire, for it so happens that the chief min-
ing industries of the region, a part of which
I have the honor to represent, namely, the
so-called Pacific slope and the great inland
basin, are those of gold and silver, which can-
not well be protected in such a way, and
which have even to some extent received
extra burdens from legislation rather than
encouragement or support.
It is not my present purpose to discuss this
point j but I may allude, in explanation of
my meaning, first, to the uncertainties of title
which for many years increased the cost and
risk of mining enterprises; secondly, to the
losses occasioned by former changes in the
Indian policy of the Government; thirdly, to
the excessive coinage and refining charges of
the United States mints, by which the money
value of bullion has been reduced to the
miner; and, finally, to the tariff itself, which,
however it may be shown to benefit the manu-
facturer, the farmer, or the public generally,
has the direct effect of diminishing without
compensation the value, that is to say the
purchasing power, of the products of gold and
silver mining.
Upon this statement of facts alone, it seems
to me, the Government might justly be asked
to assist the mining industry, especially in the
West, at least in the same way as it assists
agriculture through the reports of a bureau, or
commerce through the signal service and the
Coast Survey, namely, by the procurement and
distribution of valuable information. But the
case is still stronger than this. The problems
and difficulties which have arisen in the devel-
opment of the mineral resources of the West
are peculiar, and peculiarly important to the
whole country as well as to the individuals
immediately concerned.
• The legal questions involved in the relations
of the Government to a vast industry springing
up, often in advance of surveys and regular
occupation aud sale, upon the public lands,
have not been easy of settlement, and are not
yet satisfactorily settled. Tho difficulty of
economically treating refractory ores, and the
comparative absence until a recent period of
experience, instruction, or available literature
on that subject among our people, have lied to
the fruitless expenditure of millions of dol-
lars, and the loss in the refuse from wasteful
methods of millions more, a loss which may
be reduced or prevented for the future, but
can never be recovered from the past.
Against all obstacles the mining commun-
ities of the West have heroically struggled,
conquering by patient enterprise their own
ignorance, as well as the opposition of stub-
born nature or savage man; and the result
has been a progress unprecedented in the his-
tory of this or any other nation. American
ingenuity and perseverance have measurably
solved many of the mechanical and metallur-
gical problems involved, and already foreign
nations are beginning both to invest capital in
the development of our mines and to take
hints from us for the more successful working
of their own.
I do not deny that we might at preseut learn
more from Europe than Europe from us in
the arts of mining and metallurgy; but it is
worthy of note that some of our American
improvements are considered worthy of study
ana imitation abroad.
What our people need is information of that
which they are themselves doing, as well as
of the latest and best fruits of experience of
other nations in these arts. Our mining com-
munities, scattered as they are throughout a
territory as large as the settled portion of the
Union, cannot keep pace with each other;
and I could easily adduce many instances did
I not fear to weary the House with details,
showing that while methods and apparatus of
unsurpassed thoroughness and economy are
employed in some districts, older, ruder, and
far more wasteful methods are retained in
others, merely for want of the knowledge that
the desired improvements have already been
made and put into successful practice.
The dissemination of an annual report,
recording aud comparing the results of experi-
ment in different localities, is calculated to
save to the country large amounts of waste
in mining. I do not speak hypothetieally.
Thia has actually been one result of the
reports on mining statistics, to which I shall
presently allude, and it would have been still
more notably effective but for the delay in the
publication and distribution of those reports.
The reports of the preseut commissioner of
mining statistics began in the year 18G8; four
of them have been printed and distributed, and
the fifth is now before me. I have given this
series of volumes a careful examination; and
I am satisfied that any member who will do
the same will agree with me that these reports
are among the most valuable, both for tempo-
rary and for permanent uses, of all the public
documents of this Government. They con-
tain an amount of information which can be
obtained nowhere else concerning the progress
of mining explorations in our vast domain, tho
resources of different districts, the elements of
success or failure presented in each, the oper-
ations of local and Federal mining laws, the
true history and merits of experiments tried in
. the treatment of American ores, the cost and
