THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nothing is in
order bat proceedings under the call.
Mr. L. MYERS. The proposition of the
gfjnfierwan from Indiana may be agreed to by
unanimous consent. . . , ,
■Mr. HOLMAN. My proposition is that the
House take a recess till half past ten o'clock
to-morrow morning.
S$ 6ral Members. Oh, no 1
Mr.., YOUNG. I ask for the reading of the
resolution I have offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
Besnhed, That the Sereeant-at-Arms take into
custody and bring to the bar of the House such
members as are now absent without the leave ot tne
House.
Mr. WILLARD. I move that the House
adjourn. .
Mr. DICKEY. That is an interruption of
the proceedings under the call, and is not in
order.
Mr. BOLES. I was not present at the time
my name was called. I would like to respond.
A Member. It is too late.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it not in order to call
for the excuses of absent members before this
question is put upon the resolution of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Young?]
Mr. RITCHIE. There are some members
detained by sickness who ought to be excused.
Mr. DICKEY. Pending the execution of
that order by the Sergeant-at-Arms, I move
that members be allowed to offer excuses for
absentees.
Mr. BUFFINTON. Yon need not move
that. The presentation of excuses is a matter
of right.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
which I rose to make immediately after the
resolution of the gentleman from Georgia was
read.' My point is that before the resolution
shall be considered it is first in order to hear
the excuses of absent members, so that we
may not undertake to compel the attendance
of those who have good excuses for their
absence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] moves
that Mr. Wilsok, of Indiana, be excused.
A Member. For what reason?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. For the
reason stated by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. CONGER. I would like to hear that
reason again.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Wilson] is engaged in the duties of a
committee which hasleave to sit during the ses-
sions of the House. He staid here until about
twenty minutes ago, when he went home with
the expectation of writing nearly all night,
that he might present his report to-morrow
morning. He requested me to make this
announcement to the House. I move that he
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Last evening
my colleague [Mr. Duke] informed me that
he was indisposed yesterday. To-day I re-
ceived a message from him stating that he was
confined to his room by indisposition, and
requesting me to make an apology for him if
there should be a call of the roll. I made
this statement when the House convened this
evening. I am satisfied he is sick. I move
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PERCE. I ask that my colleague, Mr.
Morphis, be excused, because he is suffering
from a pulmonary complaint, so that he can-
not attend night sessions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the House to excuse
two of my colleagues, Colonel Hamblkton and
Mr. Archer. Colonel Hambleton is in infirm
health,
Mr. DICKEY. "That will not do ; one at
a time, if you please.
Mr. , RITCHIE. Colonel Hambleton's
health is such that he cannot come out at
night, and Mr. Archer was upon the floor
until an hour ago, and left indisposed. The
House knows his character for faithfulness
in attention to his duties here. I move first
that Mr. Hambleton be excused.
The motion was agreed to. ,
Mr. RITCHIE. I now move that Mr.
Archer be excused.
Mr. CONGER. I did not hear any excuse
made for Mr. Archer.
Mr. RITCHIE. I stated that he was here
until an hour ago, and left, being indisposed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODDS. I desire to move that my
colleague, Mr. Stevenson, be excused. He
stated to me this afternoon that if the House
had a night session it would be impossible for
him to be present, as he was quite indisposed.
Mr. CONGER. What Stevenson is that?
Mr. DODDS. Job Stevenson.
Mr. CONGER. Why, Job Stevenson was
as chipper to-day as could be. [Laughter.]
Mr. DODDS. I make the request in all
seriousness and hope the House will grant it.
The question was taken; and Mr. Steven-
son was excused.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I move
that my colleague [Mr. Starkweather] be
excused. He stayed here as long as he could,
but his health is such that he ought not to be
out at night.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DONNAN. I move that the balance
of the absentees be excused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not in
order, as the balance of the absentees are not
sick. [Laughter.]
Mr. McKINNEY. I move that Mr. Van
Trump be excused. On the day before yester-
day he was confined to his room all day. He
is suffering from illness, and I hope he will be
excused.
Mr. MORGAN. He is sick and notable to
be out.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. READ. My colleague, Mr. Lewis, has
been called home by a death in his family,
and I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ARTHUR. I move that my colleague,
Mr. McHenry, be excused on account of a
wounded shoulder, the result of a railroad
accident some time since.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DUBOSE. I move that my colleague,
Mr. Beck, be excused. He has been suffering
very much lately from neuralgia.
Mr. RANDALL. And the cotton tax, too.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DUBOSE. I move that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STORM. I ask that Mr. Cox, of New
York, be excused; he is suffering from a
severe indisposition to attend night sessions.
[Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BIRD. My colleague, Mr. Forker,
has been at home for the last ten days on
account of sickness, and I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move that my colleague
Mr. Monroe, be excused, for he is sick and
unable to be here.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that my colleague
Mr. Averill, be excused, as the members
of the House know he is lame and has not
been out a single night during the session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALDBMAN. I move that Mr. Fos-
ter, of Pennsylvania, be excused for his ex-
hibition of common sense in going home as
all honest men should. [Laughter.]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 33, noes 45.
Mr. L. MYERS. As it is evident that
nothing really can be effected to-night, I have
a proposition to make which I think will meet
with unanimous consent.
Mr. RITCHIE. Let us hear it.
Mr. L. MYERS. It is that the previous
question be considered as ordered on the
pending bill, that all further proceedings under
the call be dispensed with, and that we now
adjourn. That, of course, will give an hour's
debate on this bill to morrow.
Mr. PLATT. We all consent to that 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Poland.)
That requires unanimous consent.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly ; and the House (at twelve o'clock
midnight) thereupon adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Laney
M. Limpers, mother of William J. Limpers, a
deceased soldier of the war of 1861.
Also, the petition of Samuel C. Lowman,for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah Yurkes, mother
of John W. Yurkes, alias Clarence G. Sianley.
Also, the petition of Margaret Rutter,
mother of James G. Rutter, deceased, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of Catharine Launney,
mother of John R. Launney, for a pension.
Also, the petition of William Beaumont,
for a pension.
By Mr. BIGBY: The petition of F. M. T.
Brannan, of Coweta county, Georgia, praying
relief on account of the destruction of his
hotel property in Hamilton, Harris county,
Georgia, by Federal troops, on the 18th of
April, 1865.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Jona. Bourne, jr., and 60 others, citizens of
New Bedford, Massachusetts, in behalf of
underwriter claimants against exclusion from
their just participation in the damages awarded
by the Geneva tribunal.
Also, the memorial of J. F. Terry and 50
others, citizens of Fairhaven, Massachusetts,
Draying for the same object.
* By Mr. CH1PMAN: The memorial of M.
W. Gait & Brother and others, in relation to
enlarging benefits of the port of Georgetown.
By Mr. HALDEMAN: The petition of
sundry druggists, perfumers, and manufac-
turers of proprietary medicines and medicinal
preparations, for the repeal of schedule C, by
which their manufactures are taxed by stamps.
By Mr. HALSEY: A petition from banks,
justifying the movement for removal of bank
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of John
F. Henry and others, druggists and perfumers,
praying the removal of stamp duties imposed
by schedule C.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of Frank
Arnold, esq., and 98 others, citizens of Lorain
county, Ohio, asking Congress to extend the
benefits of the money-order system and to
diminish the tariff of expenses upon it.
By Mr. MOREY: The petition of J. R.
Head, publisher of the Rural Times, at Sparta,
Louisiana.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of citizen*
of Virginia, praying the passage of House bill
No. 1104.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
druggists of Utica, New York, for the repeal
of internal revenue stamps under schedule C
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of Jaim-*
Quigley, father and guardian of Patrick J.
Quigley, of Marietta, Ohio, late a member of
company C first West Virginia light artillery,
