1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
1519
now iusane, asking a pension on account of
injuries received in the service, the cause of
said insanity.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of J. B.
Haddock and others, for a post route from
Colfax to Prairie City, Iowa.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 20, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. S. A. Wilson, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
iiodsb bills referred.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives yesterday were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 4002) for the relief of
Jonathan Diehl & George BIymer, sureties on
the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor
for carrying the United States mails on post
route No. 4249—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 4003) for the relief of
Anthony Lawson & Thomas A. Brewis and
their heirs—to the Committee on Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 4009) for the relief of
Lieutenant John F. Wotring, a resident of
the State of Michigan—to the Committee on
Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 19-5) pro-
viding for the reporting and publication of
the debates of Congress was read twice by its
title.
Mr. ANTHONY. A joint resolution identi-
cally similar is now before the Senate, reported
from the Committee on Printing, and there-
fore this joint resolution might as well lie on
the table, unless the Senate are ready to act
upon it now.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland object to- its present con-
sideration ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir;
let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-,
lution will lie on the table.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor
of the passage of a bill before Congress grant-
ing a charter and rightof way through the pub-
lic lands to a railroad along the Arkansas
valley from the Mississippi river to the Rocky
mountains, and thence by the most direct and
practicable route to the city of San Francisco,
California; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
P"Mr?<WILSON presented additional papers
relating to the application of Edward D. Tip-
pett for a pension ; which were referred to tne
Committee on Pensions. _
Mr SHERMAN presented two petitions ot
citizens of Ohio, soldiers.of the late war, pray-
ing the passage of the bounty land bill; which
were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. , . , c
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
New York insurance companies, remonstrating
against their exclusion from a participation in
the damages awarded by the Geneva tribunal
of arbitration ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of the Ladies
Union Relief Association, incorporated under
the laws of the State ot New York, calling the
attention of Congress to the hardships and
imperfections, as they think, of the pei
system of the country, and praying Congress
to pass a bill repealing a portion ot sectioni six
of the act of July 4, 1864, which operate* in
an onerous and severe mauner against claim
ants for pensions; which was referred to tne
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
a large number of citizens of Wisconsin; pray-
ing for a prohibition of the manufacture, im-
portation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage within the United
States Territories and the District of Colum-
bia ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of W.
B. Nickles, publisher of the Red River Star,
of Moorhead, Clay county, Minnesota, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill before
Congress regulating the postage on printed
matter; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial signed
by the, direction and on behalf of the New
Garden monthly meeting of the religious so-
ciety of Friends of Chester county, Pennsyl-
vania, held on the 6thof second month, 1873,
asking for a commission of inquiry concerning
the traffic in intoxicatingliquorsand restrictive
and prohibitory legislation for the supression
of intemperance; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
He also presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, signed by direction and on
behalf of the New Garden monthly meeting
of the religious society of Friends, held on
the 6th of second month, 1873, at Chester,
Pennsylvania, praying for a prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
within the United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
M-r. RAMSEY presented a resolution of the
Grand Army of the Republic, department of
Minnesota, asking the passage of House bill
No. 511 fixing the time for which pensions
heretofore granted, or which may be hereafter
granted, shall commence, and extending the
time for the filing of applications for the same;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the memorial of Joseph
Gilpin, publisher of the Alexandria Post, of
Douglas county, Minnesota; and the memo-
rial of John M. Thomson, publisher of the
Sherburne County News, of Minnesota, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill before
Congress regulating the postage on printed
matter ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON. I present a memorial
signed by the Governor, the executive officers,
and the Legislature of Arkansas, and approved
by the supervisor of internal revenue, asking
that William J. Patton, collector of internal
revenue of the secoud district of Arkansas,
may be relieved of the payment of money
stolen from him by dishonest deputies. The
memorial sets forth that he has done his duty
and that the guilty parties were arrested and
convicted. I move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of sol-
diers of the late war, citizens of Iowa, praying
the passage of the bounty land bill; which was
referred t.o the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of Henry W. Hoffman, late collector,
and United States designated depositary at
Baltimore, Maryland, praying the passage of a
joint resolution authorizing the proper aecount-
ing officers of the Treasury Department to make
such allowances for embezzlement or defalca-
tion in the adjustment of his accounts with the
Department as may be shown to have occurred
through the agency of his subordinates, and
without any default or due want of care on his
part; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance. . , ,
Mr VICKERS presented a memorial ot
the Legislature of Dakota Territory, asking
that Yankton be made a port of entry ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
, and ordered to be printed.
Be also presented a petition of Philip T.
Tjps, chairman of the .Maryland Academy of
Science, and seven others; and the petition of
John H. B. Latrobe, pfesident of the Maryland
Historical Society, and eighteen others, praying
that an appropriation be made for the purchase
of certain original and important documents
relating to the early French discoveries on the
lakes and _ the Mississippi, - never yet pub-
lished ; which were referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the pass-
age of Senate bill No. 1257, for the relief of
settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of an
act granting sixty nine sections of public lands
to the State of Kansas, in lien of the same
amount of school lands sold to James F. Joy,
in what are known as the Cherokee neutral
lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an extension of
time for the payment of the Osage Indian
lands sold to actual settlers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the
establishment of certain mail routes; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the extension of
time for the payment of lands known as the
Cherokee strip sold to actual settlers; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Pey-
ton S. Coles, of Albemarle county, Virginia,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations -com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of William B.
Rogers and others, of Norfolk, Virginia, pray-
ing to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Some time ago I pre-
sented the petition of Mrs. Mary W. Rhett, of
South Carolina, for certain claims that shehad,
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
I have now present some additional papers in
the case, and I move that they be referred to
the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
the Providence Board of Trade, of Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, praying for the estab-
lishment of a department of commerce, to
which shall be referred all questions connected
with the foreign and domestic trade of the
country; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhersou, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 468) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2747) providing for tne
completion of the military road from Santa F6
to Taos, in the Territory of New Mexico ;
A bill (-H. R. No. 3279) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property," approved June 10,
1872; ,
A bill (H. R. No. 3302) to aid in the erec-
tion of a monument to the memory of Major
General George H. Thomas ; .
A bill (H. R. No. 3432) to limit the time for'
the presentation to and decision of claims by
the Commissary General of Subsistence, under
