1873:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 desire now to have the
report which I made read. It is a short report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Stockton, from the Com- <
mittee on Naval Affairs, on the 20th of May,
1872: j
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was >
reeommitfed the bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States ship Wyoming, ,
have examined the same, and report the bill with 1
an amendment. I
The facts relating to the Wyoming are particu- 1
l rly stated in a report of the Committee on Naval
A flairs made July 9,1870, (No 250J to whioh refer-
ence is made, but, in amending the bill so as to
embrace the officers and crew of the Ta Kiang, the
committee deem it proper to submit the following j
facts in relation thereto: I
An edict issued by the Mikado of Japan in 1863
excluding foreigners from that empire, except at
certain points, was followed by an attack upon the
United States ship Pembroke while passing through
the strait of Simonoseki, bound from Yokohama to
Shanghai. The insult was avenged by the Wyom-
ing. which entered the bay of Simonoseki, July 16,
1863. and opened fire upon the hostile batteries,
silencing such of them as received her fire. j
Hostilities thus inaugurated continued. Othor
Powers had like cause of complaint. Great Britain,
Franoe, and the Netherlands sent fleets to the bay
of Simonoseki to open the passage of the strait
and a naval engagement took place by the vessels
of th*se Powers with the shore batteries of the dai- '
mio September 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8,1864. In this engage-
ment the Ta Kiang participated.
Lieutenant Frederick Pearson, of the Jamestown,
was placed in command of the chartered steamer
Ta Kiang, by Captain Price, commanding the James-
town, under the following orders:
United Statf.s Steamer Jamestown,
Yokohama, Japan, Austntll, 1864.
Sir : You are hereby appointed to the command
of the chartered steamer Ta Kiang, and will pro-
ceed in her to the strait of Simonoseki to act in
concert with the treaty Powers, who will appear in
large force at that place.
The object of sending the Ta Kiang is to show the
American flag there, and to manifest to the prince
of Negato that we are in accord with the other
treaty Powers, and equally demand with them the
passage through the straits without let or hinder-
ance. .
As the steamer under your command is not a man-
of-war, or prepared to attack the forts, you will
render any ana every other aid in your power to
promote the common object, such as towing boats,
landing men, and receiving the wounded on board
of you if required to do so. To this end you will
eonsult the senior officer present, particularly the
British admiral, who will be senior officer of the
expedition, and who will have the largest force
there. «**•**♦**
Lieutenant Pearson, not satisfied with these orders,
obtained permission to take the Ta Kiang under
fire. With three officers and fifteen men, armed
with a P%rrot gun. or howitzer, and Sharpe's rifles
for each man, the Ta Kiang went into battle.
The engagement continued five days, and ended
in victory to the fleets, the Japan prince making an
unconditional surrender, and, according to Minister
Pruyn, " agreed to pay such sum as the ministers of
the treaty Powers might demand for the expenses
ef theexpedition." AndMr. Pruyn also says,(Diplo-
matic Correspondence 1864-65, part three, page 553:)
"Ensign Pearson, of the Jamestown, who was placed
In command of the United States chartered steamer
Ta Kiang, I am happy to say, conducted himself so
as to receive the special written thanks of Admiral
Kuper, commanding the combined fleet, and a large
bronze 32-pounder gun was assigned to said ship as
a trophy. The 30-pounder gun of the Jamestown
was used by him with such precision and efficiency
as to command universal admiration." And the
diplomatic correspondence of J. Hume Brumley to
Mr. Seward (Diplomatic Correspondence 1865-66,
part two, page 17) shows the warm appreciation of
the services of the Ta Kiang by the " lords commis-
sioners for the ready cooperation which that gallant
officer afforded to the British admiral during the
whole of the operations in question."
A treaty was made soon after by the four Powers
(the United States, Great Britain, France, and Hol-
land) with the tycoon, in which an indemnity of
£3,000.000 was paid, the share  f the United States
being $586,125 87 in gold.
The engagements of the Wyoming, in July, 1863,
and the Ta Kiang, in 1864, were, in part, means by
which this indemnity was obtained.
As the facts stated in relation to these two ships,
the Wyoming and Ta Kiang, do not technically
bring them within the principles of prize laws, as
recognized by the laws of the United States, the
principles of division regulating prize money are in
this bill ignored. The committee have considered
them in their bill as entitled to a gratuity from the
Government, to be paid out of the "Japanese in-
demnity fund," so called, the sum proposed to be
divided being equal to about two mil years addi-
Mr. HAMLIN. I regret that the Senator who
has reported this bill deemed it expedient to
withdraw the amendment which he had moved.
The moneys which were received from the
Japanese Government are in our Treasury. If
you take from that fund the amount proposed
to be paid by this bill, you take it from your
Treasury precisely in the same way as you would
take it if the amendment which the Senator
proposed had been adopted. Now, there are cer-
tain complications in connection with that fund
which have been presented to the Committee
on Foreign Relations which render it wise in
my judgment that at this time the fund should
not be disturbed. It can make to the Govern-
ment no earthly difference whether you pay
j this money directly from your Treasury or from
; this specific fund. This fund is in the Treas-
j ury, and it is a part of the available means of
; the Treasury as much as the funds which come
from the collection of your revenue. And if
the Senate shall adopt the amendment which I
renew, I certainly shall interpose no objection
to the bill. Then you will leave just as much
money in the Treasury after this claim shall
have been paid in the one way as in the other,
and you leave this fund undisturbed', to be dis-
posed of as wisdom and prudence and justice
shall direct hereafter. Under these circum-
stances I hope the Senator will interpose no
objection to the amendment, as certainly it
can make no earthly difference to the parties
named in this bill. It does seem to me that it
is wiser to pay this money directly from the
Treasury, not connectingitin any way with this
fund.
Mr. STOCKTON. When the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations made the
suggestion the other day when this bill was
before the Senate that there was such an em-
barrassment as this, it occurred to me at the
moment that perhaps the bill might pass the
easier, with less resistance, and it would be
better for those interested, if such an amend-
ment were made. I therefore offered it. Im-
mediately a dozen Senators around me said
that the money ought to come out of the Ja-
panese indemnity fundj. that they would not
vote for the bill if that amendment was made
to it. To me it was a matter of entire in-
difference ; and as the Senator from Maine has
well said,* it is a matter of entire indifference
| to those interested. My own judgment is that
I the proper place for this money to come from
is the Japanese indemnity fund, and that was
| the opinion of our whole committee after
; considering the matter on many different occa-
i sions, and so the bill was drawn. But, sir, it
I became my duty to withdraw the amendment,
i because I found that the friends of the bill
! would desert the bill if I did not do so. All
that I insist upon in the Senate is, that these
parties having been session after session, year
after year, before Congress, are entitled to
have a vote, and a speedy vote, on this ques-
tion. I suggest to the gentlemen of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations that they offer
this amendment, that a vote be taken without
further debate upon it, as the matter is thor-
oughly understood and the reports have been
read, and that immediately afterward the
vote be taken on the bill itself without fur-
ther debate.
Before sitting down, allow me to call the
attention of the gentlemen of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to a letter from Mr. Pruyn
to Mr. Seward, dated from the legation of
the United States at Yokohama, Japan, No-
vember 28, 1863, in reference to this matter,
to be found on page 455 of the Diplomatic
Correspondence, part third, of 1864-65. He
says:
"I then reminded the governors of what I had
said about the insult to our flag, stating that I did
not wish to demand any money indemnity, though
I wished the daimio punished; that if the Govern-
ment were disposed to offer a sum which would pro-
vide annuities for the families of the dead and for
the wounded of the Wyoming, I would, for the pur-
pose of giving further proof of friendship and mod-
eration, take the responsibility of settling the entire
case on such basis."
That fund was obtained for the very purpose
of assisting the families of the dead and the
wounded on the Wyoming and of paying the
expenses of that expedition. I have three or
four books before me where the same thing is
stated and restated, and it is stated in the
treaty itself. The expenses of that expedition
came out of the Treasury of the United States.
The Government of the United States was
obliged to keep ships there to charter the Ta
Kiang, put men on board of her, and pay all
the expenses of the expedition, and this fund
was created to reimburse those expenses.
Even if it was exacted by way of smart money,
of penalty for insult to our flag, it was given
voluntarily and given for that purpose, and the
money is undoubtedly in the Treasury of the
United States. The mere technicality that it
is not covered into the Treasury has nothing
to do with the principle, and therefore I say,
whether you adopt this amendment or do not,
the principle is precisely the same. It is a
mere technicality as to whether the money is
covered into the Treasury or not.
If you want to pay this money back to Japan,
if that is the proposition of gentlemen, if the
Committee on Foreign Relations think cir-
cumstances may arise to induce us to be so
liberal and so generous as to give back this
money, they can do it by taking it out of the
Treasury. They take it out of the Treasury
anyhow. This is a mere matter of form.
Therefore whether the amendment which I
suggest to have offered be passed or not, in my
point of view, makes no difference either to me
or to the parties interested, nor to the principle
which is decided by the vote. I am myself
perfectly willing, therefore, to let the amend-
ment pass or not pass, just as the Senate choose.
I conclude as I began; all I ask of the Senate
in the name of these people who have been so
long before you is, to give us a direct vote on
the amendment, and then give us a direct vote
on the bill. They certainly are entitled to that.
The facts are thoroughly understood. Let us
have no more delay. Let them not be kept,
waiting in the Houses of Congress longer, but
let the widows.of those who were killed on
board the Wyoming know whether they are
entitled to receive some bounty, some little
acknowledgment of the loss they have had
and the services rendered by those who were
dear to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
has been withdrawn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I renewed it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine renews the amendment, which the
Secretary will report.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the following clause:
That the Secretary of State be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to sell so many of the regis-
tered bonds of the United States, now under his
control, belonging to the Japanese indemnity fund,
as shall realize $125,000, and shall pay tho proceeds
of the same to the Secretary of the Navy, who shall
cause the whole amount thereof to be distributed.
And in lieu of those words, to insert:
That the sum'of #125,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be distributed under tho
direction of the Secretary of the Navy among the
officers, &o.
Mr. HAMLIN. Technically speaking, the
moneys arising from the Japanese fund have
not been covered into the Treasury. That is
true ; but the fund is within the control, within
the possession of the Government. Therefore,
whether we pay the sum named in this bill
out of that fund or out of the Treasury, I sub-
mit to Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber who are not willing to vote for this bill
unless you take the money out of the Japan-
ese fund, that they are making a point in
which there is no substantial foundation. You
take the moneys of the Government in either
case. You abstract from the funds of tho.
Government the same precise amount in either
case.
