mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
the act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims, and for other purposes, approved
July 4,1864 j
A bill (Hi ft. No. 8434) to provide for the
establishment of a large arsenal of construc-
tion and repair, a powder depot, and a proving
ground at suitable points east of the Alle-
ghany mountains, and for the discontinuance
and disposal of some of the smaller arsenals;
A bill (H. R. No. 8452) to provide for the
better care and protect/ion of sabsistence sup-
plies;
A bill (H. R. No. 3463) to provide for the
printing at the Government Printing Office
of ope thousand copies of the descriptive
anatomical catalogue of the Army Medical
Museum *
A bill' (H. P. No. 3499) to authorize the
Secretary of War to ascertain the amount of
expense incurred by the territorial authorities
of Dakota for arms, equipments, military
stores, supplies, and all other expenses of the
volunteer forces of the Indian war of 1872 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3609) to provide that no
person shall be promoted in the Army who is
addicted to the intemperate use of intoxicating
liquors and drugs;
A bill (H. R. No. 3645) to authorize the
Secretary of War to release the right of way
to the Bay Ridge and Sea Shore Railroad
Company of Long Island over the military
reservation at Port Hamilton, in the State of
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 3683) for the relief of
James 0. Livingston, late a private in com-
pany E third regiment Iowa volunteer in-
feutry j
A bill (H. R. No. 3685) for the relief of
William Rood, late private of the thirty-sixth
regiment of Wisconsin volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 3686) for the relief of
Charles W. Berry, late a private of the thirty-
sixth regiment of Wisconsin volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 3687) to extend the time
for filing claims for additional bounty under
the act of July 28, 1866;
A bill (H. R. No. 3783) for the relief of
Captain Charles McClure;
A bill (H. R. No. 3981) for the relief of
Julia P. Lynde, minor child of R. D. Lynde,
late surgeon of United States volunteers, de-
ceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3999) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870," approved March 3, 1869 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4005) to purchase five
acres of land for the enlargement of the post
cemetery, Key West, Florida;
A bill (H. R. No. 4006) to provide for the
inspection of the disbursements of appropria-
tions made by officers of the Army ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4007) to provide head-
stones in the national military cemeteries ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4008) to confirm the pur-
chase by the executive department on the
8th of September, 1868, of a certain tract of
land at Omaha, Nebraska ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4010) to provide for the
Military Academy band, and to fix the pay of
its members;
A bill (H. R. No. 4011) to amend an act
entitled 4 An act in relation to bounties,"
approved April 22, 1872;
A bill (H. R. No. 4013) for the relief of L.
S. Campbell;
A bill (H. R, No, 4014) for the relief of
Margaret Merklein;
A bill (H. R. No. 4015) authorizing the
(superintendent ot the Military Academy to
convene general courts-martial;
A bill (H. R. No. 4016) to amend section
six of the act of July 4, 1864;
t u bi" CH- E' No" 40i7) for ^e relief of
John McLaughlin and William South, late
privates in company H twenty-sixth regiment
of Missouri volunteer infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4018) to remove the
charge of desertion in the War Department
against Joseph H. Moore, late private com-
pany A eighteenth regiment Ohio volunteers :
A bill (H. R. No. 4019) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to eertain organizations for monumental
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 4020) for the relief of
William H. Carmen, company E thirty-second
regiment Illinois volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 4021) for the relief of
Samuel Gruk, father of Caleb H. Gruk, late a
private in the first regiment Michigan infantry
volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 4022) for the relief of
Joseph B. Easton;
A bill (H. R. No. 4028) to correct the mus-
ter of H. H. Hinds, late captain fifty-seventh
Pennsylvania volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 4024) relating to brevet
appointments;
A bill (H. R. No. 4025) for the relief of
Aaron B. Fryrear;
A bill (H. R. No. 4026) for the relief of
States and Territories for issues of arms and
ordnance stores made them for the maintenance
and preservation of the Union ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4027) for the relief of
Susan L. Galloway;
A bill (H. R. No. 4029) for the relief of
Charles E. H. Holmes, late sergeant company
E sixth regiment Maryland volunteers; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4030) to pay Charles
Probst, of New Mexico, for supplies furnished
the New Mexico militia during the late rebel-
lion.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 978) for adjusting the claims
of the State of New Hampshire; and
A bill (S. No. 1168) to amend an act entitled
"An act to remove the charge of desertion
from certain soldiers of the thirteenth Ten-
nessee cavalry," approved April 10, 1869.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 530) to pro-
vide for the disposition of that portion of the
military reservation at FortRipley, Minnesota,
which lies east of the Mississippi river, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2518) granting a pension
to George W. Swartz ;
A bit! (II. R. No. 3702) to declare the true
intent and meaning of the act approved June
8, 1872, amendatory of the general bankrupt
law;
A bill (H. R. No. 2520) granting a pension
to Thomas Lunney;
A bill (H. R. No. 2521) granting a pension
to John Greenwalt;
A bill (H. R. No. 2522) granting a pension
to Judith Dunham;
A bill (H. R. No. 2527) granting a pension
to' Deborah Witham ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2864) for the relief of
John W. Mears, administrator of the estate of
Henry D. Mears, deceased, and of William
Moulton, jr.;
A bill (H. R. No. 3514) for the relief of Wil-
liam Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Maryland ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3612) to relieve from dis-
abilities W. R. Boggs, of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 8366) for the relief of
Henry B. Mears;
A bill (H. R. No. 3721) for the relief of the
widow of Alexander F. Crossmann, deceased,
late commander United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of
Joseph Westcott, of Portland, Maine;
A bill (H. R. No. 3326) for the relief of set-
tlers in the late Sioux Indian reservation in
the State of Minnesota ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3628) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to sell the custom-house
property at Plymouth, North Carolina.
bill kecommitted. .
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that the bill (H. R.
No. 2502) granting apension to Juliet E. Hall,
daughter of William Hall, late colonel of the
eleventh regiment of Iowa infantry, reported
adversely some days ago, be recommitted to
the Committee on Pensions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the vote indefinitely postponing the
bill will be reconsidered and the bill recom-
mitted to the committee. The Chair hears
no objection, and it is so ordered.
state of louisiana.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on
Privileges and Elections have instructed me
to report upon the credentials of Messrs. Ray
and McMillen, submitted to them, and also
upon the resolution instructing them to inquire
whether there is at present any State govern-
ment in the State of Louisiana, and to report
a bill ordering an election there, for the pur-
pose of establishing a government, republican
m form. By inadvertence I have left the bill
at home this morning, but have sent for it
and will furnish it in a few moments. I ask
permission to make the report now, as other
members of the committee are present and
desire to submit their views. I move that the
report be printed with the evidence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as received, and read and passed to
a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER subsequently sent to the
desk the bill (S. No. 1621) to establish a
republican form of government in the State
of Louisiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Concurring as I do in
most of the views presented by the majorily in
their report, I do not concur in the final con-
clusion of the committee, nor do I favor the
passage of the bill which they recommend. 1
ask leave to submit the views which I enter-
tain, that they maybe printed with the majority
report.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the views of the minority will be
received and printed with the report of the
committee.
Mr. MORTON. I dissent from the report
of the majority, proposing to set aside the elec-
tion in Louisiana, and to order a new one to
be held under the authority of the Government
of the United States. I dissent from the views
of other members of the committee proposing
to recognize what is called the McEnery gov-
ernment, and I submit my views, and ask thai,
they be printed with the report of the ma
jority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The views will
be received and printed with the report, if
there be no objection.
Mr. HILL. I beg to state that while agree-
ing in the main with the history of what has
occurred in the State of Louisiana as detailed
in the report, I do not agree to the whole
remedy suggested by a majority of the com-
mittee, but on my own part have presented
my views briefly, dissenting therefrom, atid re
commending that so many of the Legislature of
Louisiana as were recognized by both factious
in the State as having been legally elected
shall be assembled at the State-house at a
particular time to be named in a bill, and
shall organize themselves into a Legislature,
and shall take the election returns and count
them, and pronounce them, and declare the re-
sult ; and that when that is done the officer*
who may appear to have been chosen shall
become the legal officers of the State of
Louisiana. I ask leave to present these views
and to have them printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made unless there be objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 assented to the report
