556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Now, what are the reasons why it is wiser
that we should take these moneys from the
Treasury? Suppose no fund had arisen in
consequence of the controversy ; suppose no
treaty had been negotiated and no moneys
paid to our Government by Japan, and these
sailors and seamen had come here and claimed
prize money, by whatever uaiue you may call
it, where would it have come from but from
the Treasury of the United States?
But, sir, our relations with Japan at the
present time are of a peculiar character.
Those who have investigated the subject see,
or think they see, that by a proper treatment
of that Government we may open up a vast
commerce, and that we may ally ourselves
with that Government in such a manner as
shall be beneficial to us. In that view of the
question the Committee on Foreign Relations
have bepn considering this subject for a long
time. There are complications about it. They
have not yet been able to mature a plan to
submit to the Senate or to give their judgment
as to what would be wisest and best to do with
this fund, but I believe I am safe in saying
that every member of that committee believes
it is unwise to touch it now and that it should
remain in the Treasury to be dealt with as the
wisdom of Congress shall hereafter dictate.
These, sir, are very briefly the reasons which
induce me to offer the amendment; first, be-
cause it does not matter to the Government
whether you pay this money out of one or the
other of these funds, while it may matter
vastly more when we do come to a conclusion
as to what in the judgmeut of the Senate and
of Congress shall be the wisest appropriation
of that fund.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to the
passage of this bill if it be deemed right and
proper to pay the money named in the bill to
the officers and seamen whose gallant conduct
has been mentioned; but this Japanese fund
has been carped at and aimed at by everybody
who could make any claim against Japan, or
who could form any device to spend money in
Japan, or could make any proposition which
looked to the expenditure of public moneys.
This Japanese fund is precisely like the naval
pension fund ; it is a fiction ; and if the hon-
orable Senator from Maine will allow me to
add a few words to his amendment we can
end the fiction, and end the whole controversy
and pass this bill. If we provide by an amend-
ment that the Japanese indemnity fund be
covered into the Treasury, and the bonds be
canceled, that will be the end of the Japanese
indemnity fund, and if any money has got to
be appropriated hereafter it will have to be
appropriated out of the national Treasury.
Under the present system of keeping accounts,
this is kept as a mere facility. These bonds
are in possession of the Government, but they
are called a debt of the Government and the
Japanese fund is included in the public debt
as if it was due to somebody, when it is due
to ourselves. As long as it is kept on the
books of the Treasury in this form, however,
it is carped at, seized at, and everybody who
wants to pass a bill getting a sum of money
gays he wants it ont of the Japanese indem-
nity fund, as if it was not to come out of the
Treasuiy of the United States. It is a most
convenient facility to pass a bill to say that the
money is to come out of the Japanese indem-
uity fund, just as the naval pension fund when
il existed was a convenient agency by means
cf which all bills about the Navy that were
a little doubtful were enabled to pass. The
mere statement that the money was to be
paid out of the naval pension fund smoothed
i he wheels and enabled it to go through, just as
il that was not a payment out of the Treasury
of the United States. I therefore suggest an
uraendment to the proposition of my friend
from Maine, providing that the Japanese in-
demnity fund shall be covered into the Treas-
ury a'id that the bonds representing it shall be
canceled, and then we shall have any other
i propositions made hereafter based upon their
' merits and not upon the fiction that there is
a fund out of which the money can be paid
without invading the Treasury. I offer that
amendment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the amendment by
adding the following:
And the Japanese indemnity fund shall beoovered
into the Treasury, nod the bonds representing it ,
shall be canceled. l
Mr. THURMAN. I have but a word to
say; and that is that I want very much to see
this bill passed, because, after having care-
fully considered it, I think it is a perfectly just
claim, and I am not very particular how it is
passed, whether the money is taken out of the
Treasury or out of this so called Japanese
indemnity fund. All I want is that the bill
shall pass, because I believe it to be a just
and proper claim ; and I believe that, as I re-
peat, after having carefully investigated it.
But I will not take my seat without saying that
I concur in every word that my colleague has
said, that the sooner this Japanese fund is cov-
ered into the Treasury the better it will be for
the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I do not agree at all with the last view ex-
pressed by the Senator from Ohio in regard
to this fund. I do not understand that he
appreciates the true relation of this claim to
our Government. This claim is on the indem-
nity fund; and it is precisely in its relations
to this Government what may be implied from
that characterization of it. It is an indemnity
fund to what end ? To the end that these
people do not repeat their assaults upon onr
commerce. That is what it was designed for ;
; that is what it was intended for; and that is
I precisely what we keep it for. They com-
[ mitted depredations upon our commerce and
1 upon the commerce of other nations. Eng-
: land, France, America, and some other nations
combined together whose commerce had been
depredated upon to say to these people " you
must make us an indemnity ; you must give us
guarantees and securities that these things
shall not be repeated;" and so they did, and
i our portion, I think, was about $600,000 in
bonds which we are to hold—for what pur-
pose? According to my honorable friend
from Ohio, it is ours for any and all purposes.
Not so by any means. We do not own that
money. We simply hold it as an indemnity
against further aggressions upon our com-
merce and to meet precisely all such cases as
this, if I understand the report of the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey. Here is a case
precisely where it is necessary to draw upon
that fund. It is not a matter of indifference
whether you draw upon that fund or upon the
Treasury of the United States. That fund can
never go into the Treasury of the United
States without violating the trust. We hold
it in the nature of a trust for a particular pur-
pose ; and to say that it is ours and that we
will appropriate it to any other end is to vio-
late the understanding and the purpose of
that trust, and what is implied in the very
term "indemnity."
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask whether he considers this a per-
petual indemnity fund?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Against aggressions at
any time in the future?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So I under-
stand.
Mr. THURMAN. Then is the money to
lie in the Treasury and accumulate eternally
until some aggression shall happen?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now my friend
sticks another question, and I was just about
to advert to that. Whenever the Government
of this country becomes satisfied that the in-
demnity is no longer necessary, of course it
may relinquish it; its object then has been
accomplished. But I am not arguing the
question whether that time has arrived ; that
is not the question before us.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Maine
permit me to call his attention to the lan-
guage of the first article of the treaty? I
understand him to say that we held this fund
as a kind of a penalty for the good behavior
of Japan. The article is:
" That the Japanese Government shall pay to tho
other four Powers the sum of $3,000,000 as indem-
nity for the piratioal depredations of Movi Daizeii,
prince of Nagato"—
Indemnity for depredations already com-
mitted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The history 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine will please suspend. The morn
ing hour has expired and Senate bill No. 693
is before the body, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the indulgence of
my friend from Vermont for a moment. This
unfinished bill has stood at the head of the
Calendar of what we call unobjected cases,
and it has occupied time which if devoted to
the really unobjected cases on the Calendar
would have carried us three or four pages.
Nobody objects to the bill, but everybody
debates it. I am in favor of the bill; it is in
some degree a child of mine, and I feel toward
it as the man did in regard to his wife who had
been sick a good while, when he said that he
wished she would get well or something.
[Laughter.] I wish it could be disposed of.
If a vote could be taken on this bill and the
Calendar remain unobstructed, it would be a
very great advantage in the conduct of our
business. Will the Senator from Vermont
allow that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont If there can
be a vote on the question I have no objection,
but if the day is to be used up in debate I
shall object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to two minutes of the
five minutes allowed under the Anthony rule
for debate. The Senator from Rhode Island
asks unanimous consent that the unfinished
business of yesterday be informally passed
over and that the Senate rote on the bill and
pending amendments thereto, so that it may
be out of the way of the unobjected cases.
The Senator from Maine is entitled, however,
to two minutes remaining of his five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I have carefully read the correspendence on
this whole subject, and I understand it to be
precisely what I have stated, not to repeat
myself at any length, that other nations jointly
with us demanded an indemnity from Japan ;
the damage which had been done to our com-
merce was not a tithe of this sum; but the
fund was divided. It was concluded that we
had a right to receive it, dividing it with tho
other nations, and to hold it as it has been
held from that time down to the present as a
sort of security against future depredations.
That, I think, the correspondence will dis-
close ; and, therefore, all 1 rose to say wag
that I do not believe with the Senator from
Ohio that it is an absolute claim which we may
dispose of for any other purpose. I think not.
I think it is for a particular purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the honor-
able Senator whether it would not be safer in
the Treasury of the United States with the
rest of the money of the Government,, rather
than a special fund which is continually aimed
at ? The Senator understands the point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly, and
I should not disagree with the Senator upon
that point. That is not the point presented.
One word further. I do understand, accord-
ing to the report of the committee which has
been read and the remarks of the Senator
who made that report, that in coDfemplation
of that committee this claim is precisely that
sort of claim which has a right to appropriate
