1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
was referred the bill (S. No. 1597) to change
and fix the time of holding the spring terms of
the United States circuit and district courts
in the cities of Covington and Paducah, Ken-
tucky, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom wasreferred the bill (H. R. No. 2424)
granting a pension to William B. Lilly, reported
it withont amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2461) grant-
ing a pension to Lorenzo D. Hogle, referred
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2490) grant-
ing a pension to Margaret Miller, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2491) grant-
ing a pension to Kitty A. Smith, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2494) grant-
ing a pension to Nancy Osborn, reported it
without amendment.
Mf. VICKERS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3950) to prescribe the duties of the chief
of the Bureau of Statistics, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. SCOTT. Let that bill go on the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of
the committee.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
the Legislature of Dakota, asking that Yanc-
ton may be made a port of entry, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1804) to amend
an act entitled "An act relative to collection
districts in North Carolina," approved Febru-
ary 25, 1867, reported it without amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. A majority of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred
a resolution of the Senate to inquire into the
expediency of regulating by congressional legis-
ation the rates of freight on railroads having
continuous lines runniug into or through two
or more States, and to report by bill or other-
wise, have directed me to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The views of the minority of the same com-
mittee are also presented to the Senate, and
the printing of both majority and minority re-
ports is recommended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The printing
of both reports will be ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2768) granting a pension to Mary A.
Dodd, reported adversely .thereon ; and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2766) grant-
ing a pension to Mary Whalen, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2767) granting
a pension to Ardella D. Warfield and Linds-
ley N. Warfield, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Joseph A. Chambers,
praying payment and bounty on account of the
services of his son during the late rebellion,
reported a bill (S. No. 1621) for the relief of
Joseph A. Chambers; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
Mr. ANTHONY. From the Committee on
Naval Affairs, I reported a few days ago a bill
(S. No. 1592) for the relief of eertain officers
of the Navy who were dropped, furloughed, or
retired under the act of February 28, 1855. I
omitted at the time to submit the report of
the committee to accompany the bill. I now
present that report, and move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No.' 2052) to authorize the advancement of
Chief Engineer John W. Moore on the list of
chief engineers in the Navy, reported adversely
thereon; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 753) for the relief
of certain officers of the United States Navy,
reported adversely thereon ; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1037) to provide
for building a naval hospital at the navy-yard
at Pensacola, reported adversely thereon ; and
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 980) to advance
commander Francis M. Bunce one grade in the
Navy, reported adversely thereon; and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1368) .for the re-
lief of Albert S. Greene, reported adversely
thereon; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1508) to authorize
the President to appoint Frederick T. Peet a
first lieutenant in the Marine corps, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 140) in favor of
William Welch, United States Navy, reported
adversely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1458) to restore
George M. Book to the active list of the Navy
of the United States, reported adversely
thereon ; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1583) prohibiting the several Territories in the
Union from giving or loaning their credit to
railroad companies, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3949) to pro-
vide for the apportionment of the Territory of
Wyoming for legislative purposes, reported
adversely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Walla-
Walla, Washington Territory, asking Con-
gress to aunul certain legislation in regard to
the boundaries of the city, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 3948) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Arkan-
sas river at Van Buren, Arkansas, reported it
with amendments
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3850) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1874, reported it with amendments.
Mr. RICE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to whom were referred
the bill (S. No. 17) to organize the Territory
of Oklahoma and consolidate certain Indian
tribes under territorial government; the bill
(S. No. 1513) to carry out certain Indian trea-
ties of 1866 and to organize the Territory of
Oklahoma; the bill (S. No. 853) repealing
acts and parts of acts granting lands and cer-
tain privileges in the Indian territory to rail-
road companies; a bill (S. No. 1244) to organize
the Territory of Oklahoma, consolidate the
Indian tribes under a territorial government,
and carry out the provisions of the treaties
with certain Indian tribes; a bill (S. No. 80)
to ratify and carry into effect the constitution
and form of government for the Indian terri-
tory adopted December 20,1870, at Okmulgee,
by the general council of said territory, held
by authority of the Government of the United
States, and a bill (S. No. 658) for the better
protection of the Indian tribes, and their con-
solidation under a civil government, to be
called the Territory of Oklahoma, to report
them back adversely and move their indefinite
postponement, as a bill on the subject has been
reported this morning.
The bills were postponed indefinitely.
Mr. BICE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom were referred various memo-
rials in relation to the organization of the Ter-
ritory of Oklahoma, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration 5 which was
agreed to. NANCY CLOUD.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1243)
to restore to the pension-roll Nancy Cloud,
widow of William Cloud, a revolutionary pen-
sioner, have instructed me to report it with an
amendment, and to ask the immediate consid-
eration of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Pensions was to strike out the words "any
sum which may be due her as such from the
United States," and to insert " the pension to
which she was formerly entitled."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that mean?
Is that reported now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
explained.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mrs. Cloud, the widow
of a revolutionary soldier, is now a very aged
woman. Her name was dropped, with others,
from the pension-roll- when the rebellion
broke out. This bill is simply to restore her
to the pension-roll and pay her a pension from
the passage of the act. The House bill pro-
posed to pay her the arrears that were due her.
Our committee struck that out, and simply
proposed to pay her-the' pension to which she
was formerly entitled from the passage of this
act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am afraid it does not
quite mean that. Let it lie aside for a moment
and I will look at it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That is what we in-
tended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said :
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbdry]
has the amendment to the bill (H. R. No
1243) to restore to the pension-roll Nancy
Cloud, widow of William Cloud, a revolu-
tionary pensioner, perfected, and that bill will
be regarded as before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the words " any sum which
may be due her from the United States," and
insert "the rate of pension to which she
was formerly entitled, commencing from the
passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was con-
curred in. The amendment was ordered to be
engrossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
HORACK TYLRR.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the report of I he
