222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27;
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Casserly.
42d Gong....3d Sess.
watering of desert lands, bringing into life,
fertility, and cultivation, vast regions lying
dead under the curse of drought?
What work more beautiful does nature offer
to the hand of man ? What more like crea-
tion itself? It is creation, a new creation.
And he who contributes to such achievements
rises to the highest sphere of usefulness and
performs for his country and his kind one of
the noblest deeds of which man is capable.
Louisiana.
SPEECH OP HON. E. CASSERLY,
of california,
In the Senate op the United States,
February 27, 1873.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 1621) to establish a government in the State
of Louisiana republican in form—
Mr. CASSERLY said:
Mr. President : When the debate on this
bill was opened yesterday morning, I confess
that all I saw aud heard seemed to augur but
little good. The tone, the manner of nearly
every Senator of the dominant party who
moved or spoke in the matter, chilled me with
a presentiment of evil. As one and another
Senator, with flushed cheek and quivering lip,
spoke of the sensational dispatches from Louis-
iana in the morning papers, and their bloody
threateniugs, we see rned to see in palpable shape
and substance the waves of excitement which
surged through the Chamber. I had so often
seen the evil results of legislation here begun
in such a temper, that I trembled for the result.
The result has come; it is here ; it is all that
I feared, and worse.
As the debate drew its slow length through
the long, long hours of the day and night and
then the day again, there were signs of a better
result, but they were like passing gleams in a
stormy sky. They went as they came, leaving
the darkness deeper than before. In the very
front of the debate the old tocsin of party vio-
lence and sectional hate was sounded long and
loud and only too well by one of the chiefs of
the Administration party here, the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who opened the
discussion on that side. Of him I had heard
the good report that of late he had espoused a
better and higher, policy—a policy of justice
and reconciliation toward the South. Judge
the amazement and sorrow and disappoint-
ment with which I listened to the able but
most mischievous speech of that Senator. I
had read his report on Louisiana. I hoped
to hear from him a speech ifi the same spirit,
just, liberal, and conciliatory, a speech
worthy of a bill of the utmost moment to the
peace and order of Louisiana now and to the
future of this country as a precedent. Instead
of that what did we hear from him? We
heard not a speech but a philippic filled from
the first word to the last with denunciations
of Louisiana and her people, with assertions
the conspicuous inaccuracy of which was sur-
passed, if possible, by their boldness. Why,
sir, that Senator, acknowledged as a great
leader by his party, had so narrowed his mind
that he could see nothing except what was
good in one of the two parties that divide
Louisiana and nothing except what was bad
in the other. Citizens of Louisiana of unblem-
ished character found their character no pro-
tection against the Senator's indiscriminate
assaults, provided they belonged to the other
side.
They were denounced individually and their
party was denounced in the lump. Whatever
the personal merits of any man he was "a pre-
tender," and "an incendiary" if he was a prom-
inent friend of that government in Louisiana
which I, in common with so many others, regard
as the lawful State government and the only one
which has the least claim to be such. Yet with
the Senatoritis but a " pretended State govern-
ment," "a sham and a cheat." The lawful
Governor, Mr. McEnery, was", in the Senator's
philippic, "a pretender," "stirring up strife,"
"encouraging the people to resist payment of
taxes;" that is, "to refuse payment of them to
Kellogg's tax gatherers." He assailed him for
calling out the militia on the strength, I pre-
sume, of a dispatch in the morning papers.
Was it on the same reliable authority that
the Senator denounced him (McEnery) m ad-
vance as "liable with his troops to be shot
down as rioters?" He stigmatized the party
whicli supports McEnery and his government
as "a small faction," though some of us be-
lieve that it has a clear majority of the people
of the State, including nineteen twentieths of
the whites and a respectable number of the
blacks, a belief in which we have much sup-
port from the facts and proofs contained m
the report of the Senator's committee; while
all candid men must admit, if they know any-
thing about it, that it is far too strong in num-
bers and character to be set down by anybody
as "a small fac^on."
The Senator Trom Indiana assured us over
and over again that not one tenth of the men
who voted for the McEnery ticket at the last
election were ready to sustain it now, that
within a very short time the people of Louis
iana would yield submission to the Kellogg
government. Why, sir, it may well be that
they will. They do not propose, poor people,
to provoke an armed conflict with the Federal
Government. They know that the Federal
Government has its iron grasp upon their
throats; its soldiers are there, its Army is there,
all ready, and its Navy is ready to be brought
there whenever it is needed. The soldiers
may not be around the doors of the State-house
as they once were, the artillery of the Federal
Government may not be in the streets as it
once was, and not a great whileago, either; but
they are within easy distance, they are within
call, and by rail or telegraph whatever force is
required can be concentrated there at the short-
est possible notice. Yet the Senator from
Indiana assures us that the people of Louisiana
will submit, that they will acquiesce. We did
not need that assurance from the Senator from
Indiana. "There needs no ghost come from
the grave to tell us this," that a stricken people
in a desolated land are not prepared just now
to try conclusions with a great Government of
a great country. Ah, sir, as well might the
unfortunate traveler who is obliged to surren-
der his money to save his life from a highway-
man be said to submit, to acquiesce in what
he cannot help, as the people of Louisiana be
said to acquiesce, or to submit to the rule of
the Kellogg government. It is a government
which, if 1 know anything about them, they
abhor, and they would be less than men, they
would be unworthy of my sympathy or re-
spect, or the sympathy or respect of any think-
ing man, if they did not abhor it with all the
energies of their nature. They never will yield
to it any submission but that forced submission
which every one gives to an order of things
set up and maintained by a power too strong to
be resisted. Never was a pretense—I will not
call it an argument—so flimsy as this pretense
of the submission of the people of Louisiana
to the Kellogg government. Flimsy as it is,
it is the sole ground on which the Senator from
Indiana rests his astounding claim that thongh
the McEnery government has a majority of five
to six thousand on the returns, yet the Kellogg
government has in its favor a large majority
of the people. He was challenged on this
by more than one Senator who demanded
"where is the evidence of this?" What was
the answer of the Senator from Indiana ? He
rejoined: "The evidence is that the people
are acquiescing, are submitting." Was ever
anything so transparent! The Kellogg gov-
ernment, says the Senator, has with it "the
large majority of the people of Louisiana;"
and "the evidence" of this is, that the major-
ity of the people are submitting to a force
which they have no means of resisting. By
the same evid&ice he proves as clearly that
the majority for the McEnery government
shown by the returns is all a fraud 1 t
Why, sir, what else was left for the people
to do but to submit? They were madmen to
resist the armed power of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Let that armed power be with-
drawn far from Louisiana, let General Grant's
government take off its hands, then we wijl
see which State government really has with it
"the large majority of the people." Is the
Senator from Indiana ready for the test?
Does he not know that the Kellogg govern-
ment would not stand a month, that It would
crumble to pieces before the scorn of an out-
raged people ?
Oh! sir, when a man as able as the Senator
from Indiana can make out no better showing
than this on the vital part of his case, he
proves one thing very clearly: that he has no
case whatever.
Sir, I was filled with alarm when I listened
to that opening speech of the Senator. The
presentiments which struck me at the very
commencement of the debate came back-upon
me stronger than before. Those presentiments
have been more than resized. I confess that
I was willing to sit here with the Senators of
the majority; I was willing to aid them in
bringing about any measure that promised a
practical, fair, and honorable solution of the
difficulties that exist in Louisiana. I desired
to help them to the extent of my single ability
in maturing a bill which, though I might not
be able to support and vote for it, I should feel
justified at least in not opposing. '
How vain were those desires—how idle my
expectations 1 Within a few minutes past the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
destroyed them all in destroying his own bill,
the bill prepared by him with such care, de-
fended and maintained by him through a long
debate with so much and such varied ability.
With his own hand he destroyed his bill when
he allowed and voted for the fatal" amend-
ment just put upon the bill, recognizing and
maintaining until the new election the Kellogg
government as the government of Louisiana—
that very government which he himself de-
nounced over and over as a sham and a mockery,
a mere bald usurpation, established and main-
tained by Federal power, put in and kept in
by the grossest fraud.
Such is the bill as we have it now, and I
grieve to say it by the help and the vote of the
eloquent Senator whose speech we all heard
to-day in denunciation, strong and earnest,
running through all the scale of invective,
and of argument, of logical and satirical
exposure. I mean the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Carpenter.] With his help we have
got a bill here to-night which I would rather
resign my seat in the Senate this moment than
vote for under any circumstances whatever.
With all my desire to see something done for
the relief of Louisiana from the difficulties in
which she finds herself, through no fault of hers
orofherpeople,I can give to such a bill nothing
but my most earnest and unwavering opposi-
tion.
Mr. President, I feel a sense of sorrow, if
not of humiliation, at this condition of the
bill now before the Senate. It is a bill which
sanctions a flagrant usurpation on the part
of a Federal judge, so characterized (for it is
not my own language) by every member of
your Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions. Whatever the several members of that
committee may have differed about in con-
