1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
gress, there are persons who think that if
these colleges are to be set up at the public
expense, and supported by public money,
they ought to be for the benefit of the poor
children of the land, and that therefore the
number of students must be limited, and you
must not simply give tuition free, but you
must contribute to the support and main-
tenance of the children there; that just as
you take your cadets at West Point, just as
you take your cadets at Annapolis and edu-
cate and support them at the public expense, so
you shall educate and support the poor youths
in these institutions established by the Gov-
ernment at the public expense. That is the
idea, and it is growing perhaps every day.
But the amendment of my colleague, if it is
adopted, will put an end to the realization of
that idea.
Now, I say once more that I do not pretend
to decide what ought to be done. My opinion
about it is that the whole donation of 1862 and
this donation now, which 1 see is going to paBS
the Senate, will, if it should pass the other
House also, amount simply to this : you will
support so many more schoolmasters, and that
will be the end of it. So far as doing any
good to the country is concerned, I have the
greatest doubt in the world if it will do any ;
more good than would be accomplished by
giving so much to endow chairs of chemistry
and mathematics in any of the colleges that
now exist in the country. I have the greatest
doubt whether it will have any beneficial effect
whatever.
Why, sir, take the State of Nevada; how
much does she get? She got under the old
law ninety thousand acres of land. What was
it worth to her? Perhaps her land scrip was
not worth to her fifty cents on the acre. I
doubt whether it brought fifty cents on the
acre. Suppose it did ; that was $45,000. Sup-
pose she obtains from this grant $625,000;
that will make $670,000 which she is to have
at five per cent. Her annual income, then, will
be about thirty-two or thirty-three thousand
dollars for the support of a great university
there.
Why, sir, in my own State we have two uni-
versities, the Ohio University and the Miami
University, the first two universities that were
established west of the Alleghany mountains,
endowed by Congress, endowed by the Ordin-
ance of 1787. Two townships of land were
given to each one of those institutions; and
now what does the Governor of Ohio say in his
last message to the General Assembly ? That
unless the State comes up to-the aid of those
institutions they must absolutely stop in the
coming year and cease to be institutions of
learning at all. You cannot support any great
college with any such income, and therefore
this bill is a perfect delusion in regard to the
small States. It will be a very good thing to
give to Dartmouth College thirty-five or fifty
thousand dollars a year, or to give that amount
to some college in Vermont to help endow
chairs in those colleges; but so far as it goes
to erecting colleges and maintaining them in
the new States, this bill is simply a delusion ;
it will not effect the purpose at all.
But what I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to is that this bill which provides for
endowing colleges out of the public money,
instituting them with public money, does not
go upon the principle on which you educate
your boys at West Point or Annapolis; it does
not go upon the principle of your common
schools, and it is in no sense of the word a
bill providing for the education of the poor in
the country who are unable to educate them-
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I was not
present yesterday when this bill was under
discussion, nor have I had time to read more
than a small part of the debate that then took
place; but there is one objection to the bill in
its present form which it seems to me must
Strike every Senator, and that objection is its
gross injustice, its gross inequality. This bill
takes money out of the Treasury of the United
States at certain times and according to a cer-
tain measure which is to be regulated by the
sales of the public lands. It is money taken
out of the Treasury. The theory is that this
is money that has been received from an
acknowledged source of revenue. That, how-
ever, does not substantially change the matter.
The reference to the public lands is a measure
and a rule by which the money is to be taken
out of the Treasury for the support of these
colleges, and that is all.
Now I should like the Senator from Ver-
mont, who takes a deep interest in this bill, to
state in my hearing—perhaps he has done it
to the Senate already—upon what principle
of justice—plain, simple, downright justice,
you can take from the United States Treasury
as much money for the support of a college in
the State of Vermont as you can for the sup-
port of a college in the State of Indiana, when
Indiana has between five and six times the
population of Vermont. And Vermont is an
old State, too, with facilities and means of
education long since established, which the
new States have not, not needing it in the
sense of the newer States by any means.
Upon what principle of justice can you give
to the State of Vermont $625,000, the same
amount that you give to Indiana, that has
between five and six times the population of
Vermont? If there is any answer to that I
should like to know what it is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
evidently has entirely forgotten the argument
presented by me on a former occasion. I
thought at the time I made that argument
that the Senator from Indiana listened to it,
but it is obvious that he did not do so.
Mr. MORTON. I heard the most of the
Senator's speech, bnt I think not on that
point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The main
part of my speech was on that very point.
Of course 1 cannot recapitulate the argument
again. I do not think it expedient to do so.
The point, however, briefly, is this: 'it is for
the establishment of one college in each State,
with ample means to give an education to the
children of that State which shall be fully
equal to the education that may be given else-
where ; to place the children of every State
upon an absolute equality.
The Senator from Indiana is quite ready to
make an appropriation for the canal at Louis-
ville. What interest have the people of Texas
or of Florida in that canal? What interest have
we in New England? To be sure, a remote
interest, but nothing like the interest of Ohio,
Indiana, and Kentucky ; and yet we all freely
vote for anything of that sort. Then again, on
the lakes, what interest has Tennessee or
North Carolina in improving the harbors of
Lake Erie ? And yet we consider that a legit-
imate object of appropriation of the nation's
money. Are we to take care of commerce and
the mere wealth of the country, without taking
care of the people who represent that wealth ?
Are we to have no regard for the general wel-
fare of the people who inhabit this country,
and devote all our attention to money making,
to commerce, to wealth? I do not so read the
Constitution.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the Senator's
proposition, upon which he bases the justice of
this bill, is the purpose to establish one college
at least in each State, so that the children of
all the States shall be placed upon an absolute
equality as to education. I think I state the
proposition correctly. I submit to the Sen-
ator that that proposition upon its face is not
a sound one. A donation of $625,000 for the
education of the children of Vermont, the
whole population of that State being but three
hundred and twenty-five thousand, will give
them a much better education, much greater
facilities for education and for a high educa-
tion than such a donation will give the children
of Indiana, where there are to-day nearly
eighteen hundred thousand people. Six hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars will go
much further in educating the school children
in a State with only three hundred and twenty-
five thousand people than it will in a State
where they have four million people.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON. Does it not cost just
as much to furnish the furniture to give instruc-
tion to ten pupils properly as it does to two hun-
dred in the recitation-room? You need pre-
cisely the same apparatus. If you are to have
a model farm you need the same model farm,
and all the expenses which go to make up the
paraphernalia of instruction cost just as much
for a small State as for a large State. It is
not proposed to pay their board.
Mr. MORTON. If I understand the Sena-
tor's proposition, I cannot agree to it. You
will have expenses of the same character in
each State, but certainly not to the same
amount. It is true it will cost about as much
to educate ten as it will to educate fifty; but
when the Senator makes the broad proposi-
tion that it will cost as much to educate the
children of Vermont, with three hundred and
twenty-five thousand population, as the chil-
dren of Indiana with eighteen hundred thou-
sand population, I think it needs but the state-
ment of the proposition for its own answer.
Now, Mr. President, the theory of this bill is
that each State shall have a college, an institu-
tion at home for the children of that State; and,
therefore, if we intend to do equal and exact
justice, let us appropriate the money of the
United States according to population. I am
for preserving the equality of the States in the
Senate of the United States; but when you
propose to carry that theory into appropria-
tions for common-school purposes or for col-
lege purposes, and to consider one State equal
to another, the theory fails; the reasons do
not hold good. Then it should become a ques-
tion of population, just as it is in regard to
taxes. Suppose that Congress should propose
to levy a direct tax for the support of colleges—
I will put it in that form—and should appor-
tion that tax among the several States equally,
I ask if we shonld not hear at once a cry of
injustice? Certainly we should. No Senator
would contend for one moment that a tax for
the supportof colleges apportioned among the
States equally, if you please, $200,000 to each
State, would have a single element of justice
about it. And when you come to appropriate
money and take it out of the United States
Treasury, is there any more justice in distrib-
uting it equally among the States than there
would be in levying a tax equally among them ?
I submit that proposition to my, friend from
Vermont. Nobody can understand it better
than he. He would not consent for a moment
that a tax for the support of colleges should
be apportioned equally among the States,
two hundred or five hundred thousand dollars
to each State, without regard to population.
He would say " no; you must apportion that
tax, under the Constitution, according to popu-
lation." And even that would not be just.
It ought to be apportioned according to wealth
and the means of paying it rather than popu-
lation. Is there any more justice, I submit to
him, in appropriating money to the States
equally when it comes out of the Treasury 7
It makes no difference whether you say it
comes from the proceeds of the sale of the
public lands, or from internal revenue, or from
the proceeds of customs; that is a mere hame.
The question is in regard to the justice of it.
After all, it is money taken out of the Treasury
of the United States. A measure of this kind
to be permanent and to give satisfaction ought
to have the merit of justice; it ought to have
the merit of equality.
These are to be agricultural colleges. Now
I inquire if the wants of the States for agri-
