560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
cultural instruction are at all eqnal ? Take the
State of New Hampshire, a manufacturing
State, where agriculture is the smallest part
of its income. Take the State of Massachu-
setts, where they buy nearly everything that
they eat, a great manufacturing State. I ask
if they have the same necessity for an agricul-
tural college that Indiaua, Illinois,Wisconsin,
Iowa, and the great agricultural States of the
Nor'hwest have? Certainly not. Agricul-
ture in Massachusetts is comparatively an
uuimportant thing as compared with the great
agricultural States of the Northwest and of
the South. Therefore there is no justice in
this measure in that point of view.
We have an agricultural college in our
State, and I know that those who are inter-
ested in that college are anxious for an endow-
ment. I am not opposing the endowment. I
wish they could all be endowed, so that they
should be successful institutions, though I
fear there are some of them that neverwill be;
but let that endowment be on just and equit-
able principles. If they are to be endowed
from the Treasury of the United States, let
that endowment be given according to popu-
lation, the number of children to be instructed,
and not give an equal amount to each State,
without regard to population.
One word in regard to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man'.] 1 thiuk that that amendment is not
equitable, and I will give the reason why.
The substance of the amendment is that these
colleges shall be open to the children of all
the States and all the country, without regard
to the fact that they are living in the State in
which the college is established which they
attend. That appears to meet an injustice,
but does not in fact. Is it equitable? Take
the agricultural college about to be established
in Indiana. I think that my State proposes
to do something in aid of that college. A
wealthy citizen of oar State has already made
a large donation to it. I think he took the
original grant or intended to take the original
grant; he makes his donation upon certain
terms and conditions. The theory of the bill
is that each State shall have its college, and
the State may let the institution live simply
upon the grant by Congress, or it may con-
tribute by State grants, or individuals may
contribute. Now, when. Congress comes in
subsequently and makes another grant, and
imposes as a condition of the grant that that
college shall be open to the children of all the
States or of the whole country, it conflicts
with the rights of the States under the original
grant; it conflicts perhaps with the rights of
the private persons who have made donations
to that college; it conflicts with their right to
regulate that institution upon their own terms
as among the citizens of the State.
The original theory was that these agricul-
tural colleges should be State institutions ;
and I think from reading the debates in 1862,
for I paid some attention to the subject then,
that the expectation was that the States them-
selves would enlarge the gift so as to place
these colleges upon broad and sufficient found-
ations. Several of the States have done so.
I think they are inclined to do so in most of
the States; but wealthy individuals have come
forward in several States and contributed.
Now, it seems to me, it is not right that Con-
gress should come in and say that the college
of each State shall be thrown open to the whole
country, regardless of what the State has done,
regardless of the conditions under which she
has done it, regardless of what individuals
have tlone, and regardless of the conditions
upon which they have made their gifts. There-
fore, Mr. President, I cannot vote for the Sen-
ator's amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, it seems to
be assumed by the Senator from Indiana and
other Senators who oppose this bill that the
colleges founded by the act of 1862 were lim-
ited in the matter of receiving pupils to the
States where the colleges were located. There
is not a word from the beginning of that act to
the end which makes any such limitation.
Mr. MORTON,
me to say a word ?
Mr. SAWYER.
Mr. MORTON,
matter was left to
Will the Senator permit
Certainly.
It is just as I said, the
the States. Congress did
not assume in that bill to make any provision
of that kind, but these lands were to be given
to the States and they were to dispose of
them as they saw proper in accordance with
certain general provisions of the law. There
was no obligation of that kind in the original
grant. They did not accept it with a limita-
tion or obligation of that kind. If you, there-
fore, impose that obligation now, it is some-
thing in the nature of an ex post facto
obligation, not coupled with the original con-
dition.
Mr. SAWYER. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio proposes to open the doors
of these colleges to pupils from other States.
I have no objection to tbat proposition if it is
carefully drawn so that it will meet just that
want. As I said in my remarks yesterday on
this subject, I suppose, as a matter of fact,,
there will be colleges established in some of
the smaller States which, from their situation
or from the larger number of people in the
State who take an interest in such subjects,
will be colleges offering higher inducements
than other colleges in other States, and that
they will be attended by pupils from other
States. It does not seem to me that the
amendment is necessary, inasmuch as there
is no. restriction upon that subject in the
act creating the colleges. It is simply an
unnecessary amendment, while there is prac-
tically no objection to accomplishing the
purpose which it has in view.
My friend from Ohio who sits next to me
[Mr. Thurman] has spoken in reference to
this bill as though the purpose of the agricul-
tural colleges was the contribution of the Gov-
ernment to the education of the poor of the
country, as though they were eleemosynary
institutions and intended for charitable pur-
poses. If I understand the purpose for which
the agricultural college act of 1862 was drawn,
it was not to educate the poor people of this
country or the rich people of this country, but
it was simply to procure a higher standard of
intelligence in agriculture and mechanical
affairs. It was to have scho.ols where that
kind of education was to be given which was
necessary to further develop the agricultural
and mechanical industry of the country, and
there was no purpose to do a favor to any par-
ticular class of people, to furnish the poor
people with the means of getting an education
which they could not otherwise get. It was to
raise the standard of agricultural education,
to raise the standard of mechanical and tech-
nical education generally. There were a few
schools throughout the country of that charac-
ter where the purpose was substantially the
same thing, but they were very few in number
and they were poorly endowed. It was the
purpose of the Government, therefore, to put
within the reach of the people of the country
a means of such education.
There have been some instances of remark-
able success. The agricultural college of Mas-
sachusetts, that of New York, and those of
some other States have had such success as
to place them in the front rank of technical
schools. There are in other States, doubtless,
so-called agricultural colleges which have re-
sulted in very little except a school for the
education of youth, and perhaps, occasionally,
some teaching in some branch of knowledge
which pertained or might be said to pertain to
agriculture and the mechanic arts. It is a
very difficult thing to find any ranch of scien-
tific study which is pursued in our schools that
may not be said to pertain to agriculture and
the mechanic arts; but they have amounted to
very little.
A purely agricultural college should unques-
tionably devote itself to those branches of
science which pertain to agriculture and to the
application of those sciences to agriculture.
A school for the propagation of knowledge
in reference to the mechanical arts should
teach those branches of science which par-
ticularly relate to the mechanic arts and the
application of t.hose sciences to the mechanic
arts. That is the purpose of these founda-
tions, and not to give a general education.
It is desirable that they should be rendered
strictly technical schools, without excluding
certain other studies which it may be neces-
sary under the circumstances to teach. Now,
in States where there is but a poor oppor-
tunity of fitting students for these technical
schools, it is clearly evident that the class of
pupils who will enter will be of low grade for
a time. Perhaps their efforts will have to be
directed to the acquirement of those branches
of knowledge which were better taught in
grammar and high schools; but that is under-
stood to be merely a makeshift, and that
necessity does not exist except in that locality;
and after a better state of things has come to
exist in that locality the school is intended to
assume a more strictly professional and tech-
nical character.
As to the want in any State of this Union
for an agricultural and mechanical college, I
think any Senator who considers to how large
an extent the population of this country is en-
gaged in the mechanic arts and in agriculture
can have no question. Probably two thirds
of the agricultural labor of this country is
wasted to-day, notwithstanding the magnifi-
cent products of agriculture throughout the
length and breadth of this land. It is in virtue
of the almost unparalleled fertility of the soil
of this country that our agricultural products
are so immense; not in virtue of our agricul-
tural knowledge by any means, even in those
portions of t'ue country where agriculture is
best understood. The English farmer to-day
makes more on an acre of ground than the
American farmer makes on ten, and makes a
better income out of it. It requires simply
the development of agricultural knowledge
and of those sciences which are brought to
play in proper agricultural work, to develop
here the same results that are produced in the
small but well-tilled farms of the English
farmer and the farmer of the continent of
Europe. Here we go on year after year, ex •
hausting one field after another, producing
perhaps for a succession of ten years the same
crop on the sam6 soil till the land is said to be
worn out. It simply awaits the hand of some
man who understands the art of agriculture
and tbe sciences which pertain to the art of
agriculture to come and redevelop the fertil-
ity which apparently has disappeared, but
which only slumbers.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, nobody
is opposed to farmers obtaining all the knowl-
edge they possibly can obtain on the subject
of agriculture; nobody doubts the advantage
that the educated farmer has over one who is
deficient in education ; but let me say to my
friend that he never was more mistaken in the
world than when he supposes that the greater
yield of the British soil results from their
superior scientific knowledge of agriculture.
It results from the immense capital they have,
the immense wealth, which enables a land-
owner in England to expend from ten to twenty
dollars an acre in manuring the land, whereas
our farmers have no such money to expend.
Nothing is more common in England than for
a man to expend from ten to twenty dollars an
acre in manuring his land each year. Give
the same capital to a farmer in Ohio and he
will produce just as large crops, although he
never saw or heard of an agricultural book.
Mr. SAWYER. Provided that he has the
