1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
of trade in and circulation of obscene literature
and articles of immoral use.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
by unanimous consent, the question being on
the amendment reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads as a substitute
for the bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the first sec-
tion and inserting the following:
That whoever, within the District of Columbia, or
any of the Territories of the United States, or other
plaeewithin the exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States, shall sell, or lend, or give away, or in any
manner exhibit, or shall offer to sell or lend or give
away or in any manner to exhibit, or shall other-
wise publish or offer to publish in any manner, or
shall have in his possession for any such purpose
or purposes, any obscene book, pamphlet, paper,
writing, advertisement, circular, print, picture,
drawing, or other representation, figure, or image,
of paper or other material, or any cast, instrument,
or other article of an immoral nature, or any drug
or medicine or any article whatever for the preven-
tion of conception or for causing unlawful abortion,
or shall advertise the same for sale, or shall write or
print or cause to be written or printed any card, cir-
cular, book, pamphlet, advertisement, or notice of
any kind stating where, how, or by whom, or by
what means any of the articles in this section here-
inbefore mentioned can be purchased or obtained,
or shall manutacture, draw, print, or in any wise
make any of such articles, shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof in any
court of the United States having criminal juris-
diction in the District of Columbia or in any Terri-
tory or place within the exclusive jurisdiction of the
United Statos where such misdemeanor may have
been committed, upon conviction thereof, ho shall
be imprisoned at hard labor in the penitentiary for
not less than six monthsnor more than five years for
each offense, or fined not less than $100 nor more
than $2,000, with costs of court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to if there be
no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that it might
just as well be regarded as agreed to as to be
voted upon, for I think no Senator is able to
get any intelligent idea of the substance of
this amendment as contrasted with that which
it is to take the place of.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will say to the
Senator that there is no material alteration in
the section. It is rather to strengthen it than
otherwise.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend be kind
enough to point out, without going into par-
ticulars, what the respects are in which it is
strengthened or altered?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The words in the
thirteenth line are stricken out. I cannot give
the details without looking at the bill. I will
say that it meets the approval of the gentlemen
near me who have examined this bill in the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CASSERLY. I made an objection to
this bill the day before yesterday on the ground
principally that it seemed to me not sufficiently
guarded, and that it failed in some respects to
meet the object in view, and that was an object
that recommended itself to us all; and upon
the suggestion of the Senator from Connect-
icut who has charge of the bill, I prepared
some amendments. One of them is the sec-
tion which has just been read. I prepared it
after consulting and comparing the English
statute drawn by Lord Camden as the result
of his experience as a magistrate in regard to
this very subject. It seems that in England
the evil was very great and of very wide
extent. The changes made are either to make
the bill more efficient by providing for cases
such as the exhibition of the evil pictures or
representations, omitted in the bill as pre-
sented by the committee, or they were changes
made for the purpose ot defining exactly the
power and jurisdiction ofthe courts and officers
over the subject.
It would be rather a long business to go
through the detail of the changes made, but
that general statement, I think, fairly repre-
sents the character of them. A portion of the
first section as reported by the committee was
not very destinct as to what was intended to
be provided for, and in those respects I labored
to make the section more definite. I need not
inform the Senator that the whole subject,
whilfe it is one that addresses itself to our best
feelings and strongest convictions, is one that
requires to be dealt with carefully in legisla-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKING-HAM. I now move to strike
outthethird section of the committee's amend-
ment and to insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
That all persons are prohibited lrom importing
into the United States from any foreign country any
of the hereinbefore mentioned articles or things,
except the drugs hereinbefore mentioned, when
imported in bulk, and not put up for any ofthe pur-
poses before mentioned ; and all such prohibited
articles in the course of importation shall be detained
by the officers of customs, and proceedings taken
against the same under section five of this act.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I now move to strike
out the fifth section of the amendment of the
committee and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
That any judge of any district or circuit court
of the United States within the proper district be-
fore whom complaint in Writing of any violation of
this act shall be made, to the satisfaction of such
judge, founded on knowledge or belief, and if upon
belief setting forth the grounds of such belief and
supported by oath or affirmation of the complain-
ant, may issue conformably to the Constitution a
warrant directed to the marshal or any deputy mar-
shal in the proper district, directing him to search
for, seize, and take possession of any such article or
thing hereinbefore mentioned, and to make due
and immediate return thereof to the end that the
same may be condemned and destroyed by proceed-
ings which shall be conducted in the same manner
as other proceedings in case of municipal seizures,
and with the same right of appeal or writ of errors.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment of the committtee is open to further
amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senate had
better take the bill precisely as it eame from
the committee and let this outside work go
where it belongs, out of the Senate. After a
committee have examined this question and
have reported a bill to this body, it may be
presumed that they know a part of what be-
longs to the subject; and this kind of legisla-
tion, of tinkering by a single Senator with a
subject so important to the country as this, is
one that does not meet my approbation, and
I hope it will not meet the approbation of
the Senate. Let the Senate take the bill as it
has been reported and pass it. The country
demands it.
Mr. CONKLING. This bill has reached a
point now where nobody seems to have any
other suggestion to make about it, and I
propose, if it be acceptable to the Senator
having it in charge, that it shall now be
printed as amended, in order that we may
know something at least of what we are voting
upon. For one, although I have tried to
acquaint myself with it, I have not been able
to tell, either from the reading of apparently
illegible manuscript in some cases by the Sec-
retary, or from private information gathered
at the moment, and if I were to be questioned
now as to what this bill contains, I could not
aver anything certain in regard to it. The
indignation and disgust which everybody feels
in reference to the acts which are here aimed
at may possibly lead us to do something
which, when we come to see it in print, will
not be th<j thing we would have done if we
had understood it and were more deliberate
about it. Now I think the bill had better be
printed as it stands, and it will be on our
tables to-morrow morning, and then my friend
from Connecticut will have no difficulty in
obtaining a vote upon it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ten min-
utes allowed this bill have expired, and the
Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor on
the two per cent, bill, but the Senator from
New York asks that this bill be printed as
amended. If there be no objection the order
to print will be made.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhkkson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Joint
Committee on Enrolled Bills be authorized to cor-
rect a name in the enrollment of the bill (H. R. No.
2552) "granting a pension to James McAlfee" by
striking out in the body of the bill and in the title
the name "McAlfee" and inserting instead ther.eof
the name " McAfee," the same having been incor-
rectly reported from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 1310) to reconvey certain property
to Phineas Banning and D. B. Wilson.
TWO PER CENT. FOND.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
836) declaring the true construction of a
statute.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I know
that time is so valuable that it is the duty of
every Senator to economize it as much as
possible. And it is the interest, too, of whomso-
ever would address the Senate now, to speak
as briefly as he can if he wishes to be listened
to. I shall therefore endeavor to present, in
the fewest possible words, the view which I
take of the question before the Senate. I
cannot, in the time allowed me, elaborate
those views as I would do were there ample
opportunity for that purpose, for I believe
that if time would allow a full discussion on
the merits of this bill it would be promoted
by such a discussion. But I know that I must
condense, and therefore, if I can have the
attention of the Senate, I will endeavor to
present some considerations which, to my mind,
are satisfactory for the support of this bill, in
very few words. And in order that I may
economize time, I pray that I may not be in-
terrupted in the course of my remarks, unless
some very-important reason for interruption
should exist. At the close of my remarks 1
shall be very happy to answer any question
that any Senator may deem it material to put.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
yesterday treated this claim with something
more than scorn. He called it a bald claim,
and said, in effect, that the audacity of the
thing was its chief merit, and intimated that
but for outside pressure it would have no
support within these walls. Now, sir, let
us see by whom this claim is presented. It is
presented by solemn resolutions of the Legis-
latures of three States; resolutions adopted by
men acting under as high a sanction of duty
and as high an obligation of oath as rests upon
the conscience of any Senator here. Their
memorial is presented by the three Governors
of those States, respectfully urging the allow-
ance of this claim. It went to the House of
Representatives ; was referred to the Judiciary
Committee of that body two or three years ago;
was reported by that committee favorably ;
came within one vote, I believe, of getting two
thirds of the votes of that House on a motion to
suspend the rules for its consideration; was
reported again at this session of Congress
favorably by that committee, whose report is
upon our tables, and passed that body, if I
may be permitted to say so, by an overwhelm-
ing majority. It is supported on this floor by
the Senators from those States and other Sen-
ators nowise interested in it. And I submit
that a claim coming with these sanctions is
not to be treated as a claim whose audacity is
its chief merit.
