1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
knowledge to find out what fertilizer is neces-
sary for his soil to produce a given crop. It
ts necessary for him to have the knowledge
which can only be derived from experiments
made by scientific men in order to find out
what fertilizer is the proper fertilizer to use
and the most economical one. Our marts are
flooded with fertilizers which pretend to be
of immense value, and yet which cheat the
farmer andtheplanteryearafteryear. Itwants
accurate chemical tests and accurate analyses
by skilled and competent hands to direct the
application of the particular fertilizer to the
particular soil, and for the raisin? of this or
that particular crop. It is not the work of
the ignorant and unskilled farmer; and in
that more than in anything else are we defi
cient in this country.
But, Mr. President, I know that nobody
denies that it is desirable that the farmer
should learn to carry on his operations prop-
erly and scientifically ; but I am sorry to say
that there seems to be a great deal of opposi-
tion to placing in the power of the people the
means of getting the information which is
necessary.
Opposition is made to the billon the ground
that it is unequal in its provisions, because it
furnishes the great State of New York with
no more money to found a school than it fur-
nishes the little State of Delaware. My friend
from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] has
well said that it costs just is much to organize
a corps of instructors, to carry on a series of
experiments, and to work a model farm in a
small State as it does in a large one, with an
attendance of twenty pupils as with an attend-
ance of one hundred pupils. But I do not
admit that by any means this bill or the one of
which it is an amendment intends to confine
the benefits of the agricultural and mechanical
college of any State to the inhabitants of that
State. There is nothing in the original bill
which so confines them. I venture to say there
is nothing in the practice of the colleges which
have already been founded which so circum-
scribes them in the selection of their pupils.
I know that in some of these colleges, at any
rate, the pupils are gathered from the States
about them.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from South
Carolina will allow me I should like to ask him
whether he contends that $625,000 of college
will go as far in the State of New York as it
would in the State of Delaware?
Mr. SAWYER. Six hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars of college will go as far
to educate one hundred people in one State as
in another.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is not an answer to
my question. Considering the difference be-
tween the number of those desiring and requir-
ing the benefits of these colleges in the State
of New York and in the State of Delaware com-
pared one with another, does he say that the
$625,000 will go as far in one State as in the
other?
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator puts the
question in such a form that there is but one
answer to it; but the premises on which he
founds the question do not exist. There is no
proposition before the Senate, there is nothing
in the law, there is nothing in the purpose of
this bill which tends to say that in the State
of Delaware there shall be a college of any
particular number of pupils, nor that there
shall be a college in the State of New York of
any particular number of pupils. The college
in the State of Delaware may contain as many
pupils as that in the State of New York, and
yet one half of them may come from the State
of New York. Let the State of Delaware
establish an agricultural college with a force
of teachers just as good as the force of
teachers which is found in the agricultural
college in the State of New York, and you
will find plenty of people going to Delaware
to get their agricultural education, and there
is nothing in the law to prevent their doing so.
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 36.
The distribution by States is simply a con-
venient form by which you will place these
colleges. You say there is a certain amount
of population, for instance, in New England,
the youths of which would naturally go to
the colleges in those States. You want a cer-
tain number of colleges to accommodate that
population. It is a matter of very little con-
sequence whether those colleges are located in
Portland and in Worcester, in Hartford and
in Montpelier, or at some other points in those
States. But if the colleges in the States of
New York are full beyond the capacity to pro-
vide for the students on the foundation which
they have, of course their institutions will
refuse to take them when they get to that
number, and they will go to some college
where there are not so many and seek admis-
sion. There is nothing in this objection of a
practical character, because no college will
shut its doors on pupils if it is not full, and
when it is full the pupil will find some other
college which is not full.
The Senator from Indiana in his argument
upon this question has persisted in calling
these colleges "agricultural colleges," as
though that was their entire purpose and scope.
That was the inference to be drawn from his
remarks. Now, my impression is that the
scope of the original act is wide enough to
enable these colleges to devote their energies
to any particular industrial interest of the
States in which they are situated, and I think
in practice you will find that in those States
where the colleges have been a success their
teachings are as various as the mechanical
and agricultural callings of the people de-
mand.
Mr. BORE MAN. Doubtless, Mr. Presi-
dent, this bill is not as perfect as it might be ;
very little of our legislation is entirely perfect;
but it seems to me to be a step in the right
direction, a laudable effort to do something
for the benefit of the country, and I think
that after all it is not so unjust as it has been
represented to be, when we look at it in all
its bearings.
The amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
it strikes me, if incorporated in the bill will
be destructive of it, and it might as well not
be passed at all so far as many of the States
are concerned. As I understand that amend-
ment from its reading at the desk, it will allow
pupils from all the States in the Union to
attend any one of the colleges proposed to be
endowed by the fund mentioned in the bill.
This might overwhelm any particular institu-
tion, and no doubt it would be regarded as
having that design, and hence the bill would
be rejected on that account by some of them.
Whether or not it was the purpose of the Sen-
ator to make the bill objectionable I cannot
say; but we know that the amendment comes
from one who is opposed to the bill, and
therefore it is not probable that he is offering
it in aid of the proposition, because he ulti-
mately intends to vote against it whether this
amendment be incorporated in it or not.
Yesterday we were presented by both the
Senators from Ohio with the argument that
this bill was to take some twenty-eight million
dollars out of the Treasury. That is not true
as a matter of fact.. It will appropriate a
certain amount of lands, which, if properly
managed, if properly husbanded, may after a
while, in the course of ten, fifteen, or twenty
years, bring that amount of money. But that
is a long way in the future. Two or three mil-
lion dollars come into the Treasury from the
proceeds of the public lands annually; so that
it will take say ten or twelve years before the
amount will reach the sum mentioned by the
Senators from Ohio. Sir, if we were to be
frightened out of our propriety in regard to a
measure of this sort by an objection of that
kind, we should enter upon no enterprise of
magnitude, because the amount of expenditure
for long years to come would be presented to
our view as an argument against the propo-
sition itself. If this argument had amounted
to anything in 1861 we should not have en-
tered upon the war to suppress the rebellion.
If we could have seen then that it was to cost
four or five billion dollars to suppress the
rebellion, I suppose faint-hearted gentlemen
would have said, " We will not enter upon this
great enterprise; we will allow the Govern-
ment to go and the Union to be divided and
destroyed!" But that is not the way prac-
tical men do things. This money from the
sale of the public lands will come gradually
year after year, and its effect upon the public
Treasury as we all see will be imperceptible.
Out of the three or four hundred millions of
the annual revenues of the country we propose
to divert only two or three millions to this
beneficent purpose. It is true that after a
while, in the course of ten, fifteen, or twenty
years, it will amount to twenty-five or thirty
million dollars; but that may be said of any
other great enterprise which requires the ac-
cumulations of years to make it successful.
But, Mr. President, there are sections of
this Union which need some assistance of this
sort. I regret that the objection to this bill
comes from the quarter it. does. The popula-
tion and extent of the great States of New
York and Pennsylvania are arrayed against
the measure by Senators not from those States
particularly, because while I believe the Sen-
ator from New York has not given his sup-
port to this bill, yet he has made no very
formidable opposition to it 
Mr. CONKLING. What did my honorable
friend say of me—that I had declared I would
not vote for the bill?
Mr.*BOREMAN. No, sir, I did not make
that remark precisely. I remarked that the
population and extent of the great States of
New York and Pennsylvania were arrayed
here against this bill as a matter of injustice
to them, not by the Senators from those States
particularly, although as I supposed from
some intimations that the Senator from New
York was probably opposed to it, but by Sen-
ators from other States complaining of the
injustice to be done to those States.
Now, sir, the States of New York and Penn-
sylvania are able to take care of themselves,
and so probably are the Senators from the
other States; but I say that I regret that the
opposition to this bill comes from the quarter
it does. It comes from those States that have
had more of the public lands for educational
purposes than all others in the older sections
of the country together—the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and so on throughout the West.
When those vast regions were Territories, and
afterward when they were admitted as States,
they were allowed for common-school pur-
poses every sixteenth section in each town-
ship for the education of the masses of the
people, and we are told by one of the Senators
from Ohio that two institutions called universi-
ties in his State were endowed specially by
the Ordinance of 1787 or by some action of
Congress. So that this cry of injustice from
those Senators is without foundation so far as
their States are concerned, and the other States
that have not been thus favored are able to
take care of themselves.
I think as a matter of justice to some of the
older States this bill ought to pass. Unequal
you may say it is as to the amount of laud that
it distributes among the States; but it will be
a measure of justice, and will accord a portion
of that justice which ought to be done to the
older sections of the country. In the State
which I in part represent, while we have dis-
posed of the agricultural scrip probably at a
price that was not so large as it should be, the
fund that has been derived from the sale of
the scrip that was given us has been appro-
priated very profitably and very wisely in my
estimation and has rendered us great service.
The State has made large appropriations to
assist in the construction of buildings and lo
increase the endowment, aud putting those
