562
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
funds together as derived from the agricul-
tural college scrip and the money appropriated
by the State, we have a very flourishing insti-
tution at which to day there are near two
hundred students being educated, a number
of them without any tuition fees. They are
supplied with books and stationery and every-
thing of that sort. Everything is provided for
them except their wearing apparel and their
boarding, which I admit are the largest items ;
in the expense of an education, but neverthe-
less they are educated to the extent I have
mentioned, being supplied with instruction,
with their books, with their stationery, and all
this.
Mr. President, I think Senators must admit
that it is due to some of the States who have
not been favored by the Government hereto-
fore that they shall have a portion of the public
domain, that the youths in those States may
be put upon an equal footing with those in
other States for whose education the General
Government has heretofore so liberally pro-
vided.
But my purpose in rising was to say a word
simply against the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio. What will be the effect
in my State if his amendment be adopted ? It
is situated near the border of Pennsylvania
and Ohio, and if the youths of those States
choose they can overwhelm our institution in
numbers upon any day or at any time, and
thus destroy its usefulness, not only for the
pupils of our own State, but for those who
would thus come in upon tliem. I think it is
unjust, it is uncalled for, it is unnecessary. If I
these institutions are established throughout |
the States, no doubt those youths who #ould
not be educated otherwise will be sufficiently
provided for by.all the States with education,
and it will be wholly unnecessary to provide
in one State that students from another 'State
shall come into that to be educated. I trust
that the amendment will be voted down.
Mr. PRATT. I do not rise, Bir, for the
purpose of discussing the question of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio
now under consideration, but rather to speak
briefly to the merits of the bill and to discuss
its underlying principles and the framework
upon which it rests.
The bill, as now amended, proposes to give
to each State, for the endowment and support
of agricultural colleges established under the
act of Congress of July 2,1862, or which shall
be put into operation within five years, the pro-
ceeds of the sale of five hundred thousand acres
of the public lands, estimated at $1 25 per acre.
Otherwise stated, it donates to each State from
the public Treasury the sum of $625,000, for
that would be the product of the sale of a
half million acres of land. Now, as there are
thirty-seven States in the Union, this bill ap-
propriates for the use of these colleges, for the
present number of the States, $23,125,000.
Of course, as other States are admitted from
time to time, they will be entitled to a like
Bum.
This is not all. The money must first go into
the Treasury as sales of the public lands pro-
ceed, and then on the 1st day of J uly in each year
the Secretary of the Treasury must ascertain
the net amount of th£ sales for the preceding
fiscal year, and invest the same in bonds of the
United States having the longest time to run
and bearing interest at five per cent., payable
semi anrtually, and issue these bonds to the
colleges in equal shares, and pay the interest
to their trustees as it accrues until the bonds
fall due. He is then to reinvest the principal
of the bonds for the benefit of the colleges, or
at his discretion issue new ones.
It is then apparent that the public debt is to
be increased to the amount of $23,125,000
absolutely when the sales shall amount to this
sum, and be augmented as other States shall
be admitted into the Union; and this debt is
to be a perpetual one.
Under the existing law the States have
already received in lands or scrip to establish
these colleges thirty thousand acres for each
Senator and Representative they had in Con-
gress under the census of 1860. The prin-
ciple of distribution under the bill now under
consideration pays no respect to the areas of
the States or their population. Let me illus-
trate. New York had a population by the
census of 1870 of 4,887,464. She gets under
this bill bonds to the amount of $625,000.
Delaware had a population of 125,015, all told,
and she gets the same sum, although contain-
ing but one thirty-fifth part of the population
of New York. So Pennsylvania had a popu-
lation of 3.522,005 under the census of 1870,
while Nevada had a population of 58,711; yet
they get an equal amount of Government
bonds. Ohio had a population of 2,665,260,
while Oregon had just about 100,000, I believe
the exact number is 101,000; yet no difference
is made in the dispensation of this bounty
among these States.
This is all wrong, for if these agricultural
colleges are intended to educate their people
their numbers and endowment should be pro-
portionate to the people whose children are to
be educated in them. It is all a mistake to
suppose that these institutions will be attended
in a large degree by students from other States.
It is not the case now, with certain exceptions
in favor of old-established and well-endowed
institutions such as Yale and Harvard. Out-
side certain colleges in New England, the cat-
alogues prove that these institutions of learn-
ing are mainly recruited from the States where
they are located. Much more will this be so
of agricultural colleges where the advantages
are or ought to be nearly equal, and where the
present endowment even puts them upon a
respectable footing. Will the people of Mary-
land, with a college of their own at their own ;
doors, send their children to Delaware to be '
educated, lost possibly in the vastness of its
solitudes? Will Massachusetts patronize Con-
necticut schools, or Vermont those of New
Hampshire ? Will parents in Indiana, who
have universities at Bloomington and Green
Castle and colleges at Crawfordsville, Han-
over, Logan sport, and other points, which
they now liberally patronize, find profit in
sending their children away to agricultural i
colleges elsewhere, in Ohio or Illinois, pos- i
sessing no better advantages, when we have
our own Purdue university beautifully Jocated
on the banks of the Wabash easily accessible
by rail from all parts of the State? No, sir;
no such thing will happen, at least to any con-
siderable extent.
The startling fact remains that Nevada gets
by this bill as much endowment to educate
her children as New York, while New York
has a population of nearly four aud a half
millions, and Nevada a population less by
seventy times. There is no justice or equality
in this apportionment.
If there are such inequalities in the popula-
tions of the different States, the difference in
their areas is no less striking. Thus, Texas
has an area of 237,504 square miles, near twice
as great as the kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, while the area of Delaware is
2,120 square miles, the whole State contain-
ing but three counties. Kansas has an area
114,798 square miles, Oregon 123,000 square
miles, while Rhode Island has but 1,306 ; so
that both in population and extent of territory
he greatest inequalities exist in the States.
We must not forget, sir, the nature of the
fund we are voting away by this bill. It is the
proceeds of the public land sales. Whose are
the lands? How did we come by them? If
we are administering a trust in disposing of
them, what is that trust? The Senator from
Ohio farthest from me [Mr. Thurman] traced
yesterday the history of their acquisition. So
far as that part of the public domain is con-
cerned which once belong to the original States,
you know, sir, it was ceded upon the invitation
of the old Congress, the Congress of the Con-
federation. Georgia, Virginia, Connecticut,
and New York laid claim to vast bodies of
waste lands in the western country. Take the
case of Virginia for example. Her cession
embraced all the country now comprising the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan,
and Wisconsin. What was the language of
her deed of cession ? I read from the con-
cluding part of the act of the General Assem-
bly of Virginia which passed December 20,
1783, authorizing her delegates in Congress to
convey to the United States in Congress as-
sembled all the right of that Commonwealth
to the territory northwestward of the river
Ohio:
" That all the lands within the territory so ceded to
the United States, and not reserved for or appropri-
ated to any of the beforementioned purposes or dis-
posed of in bounties to the officers and soldiers of
the American Army, shall be considered as a com-
mon fund"—
Mark, now, air, for what uses and for what
purpose—
" shall "be considered as a common fund for the
use and benefit of such of the United States as
have become or shall become members of the Con-
federation or Federal alliance of the said States,
Virginia inclusive, according to their usual respect-
ive proportions in the general charge and expendi-
ture, and shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed
of for that purpose, and for no other use or purpose
whatsoever."
I call the attention of the Senate to this
strong language in this deed of cession, or
rather in the act of the General Assembly of
Virginia which authorized the cession, and the
deed follows the language of the law.
Mr. STEWART. What portion of those
lands remain? Have not most of the lands in
that cession been disposed of?
Mr. PRATT. All of them? By no means;
there is plenty of public lands yet in the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin.
Mr. STEWART. I say most of them.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know to what ex-
tent they have been disposed of. Certainly
there is a considerable quantity yet remaining
unsold in those two States. 1 think the lands
have been mostly disposed of in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois ; I know they have
in my own State.
These lands you observe when ceded were
to be considered as a common fund among the
States. Upon what principle or in what pro-
portion? Why, "according to their usual re-
spective proportions in the general charge and
expenditure." They were to be disposed of
for that purpose, and no other; that is to say,
to create this common fund, to be ruled, both
in ownership and distribution, by this prin-
ciple.
When was this condition of the grant abro-
gated ? When did the fund arising from the
sales of these lands cease to have impressed
on it this principle: that it was to be owned,
divided, or disposed of among the States
according to their respective proportions in
the general charge and expenditure ? That
principle was easily applied in 1783, when the
struggling States contributed their quotas to
the general expense. It could be applied now
only under a system of direct taxation, which
would ascertain the share of each State in the
general expenditure. Some attention was
paid to the scheme in the law of 1862, which
gave charters to these colleges, for you will
observe that lands or scrip, their representa-
tives, were granted according to the census of
population. The colleges got in lands and
scrip just in proportion to their representation
in Congress. Here was equality; this was
equity. No one could complain that the just
principle of distribution was violated when the
proportion of population was regarded. This
is the principle by which direct taxes are laid.
If to pay the principal or interest of these
bonds when issued to the States it becomes
necessary to resort to direct taxation, what is
the constitutional rule?
"No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid
unless in proportion to the census or enumeration
hereinbefore directed to be taken."
