1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Why, sir, if the Senator from Vermont had
been denouncing an attempt to get money on
false pretenses he could scarcely have spoken
more severely than he did. But I say it will
not do to charge that this claim, presented in
the way I have said and with the sanctions of
which I have spoken, is an attempt to get
money upon false pretenses. I know for my
own State, that Ohio would scorn to receive a
hundred times this amount upon any false pre-
tense whatsoever. Not one dollar of this
money would that State ever receive if she
did not believe that it was upon a eonscien
tious claim ; and what is true of her is doubt-
less true of the other two States. No, sir; these
States are no beggars at your door. They do
not come here as charity children, as one
might suppose from the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Vermont. They come here respect-
fully, to lay before you the facts of this case,
and submit to your judgment, whether, upon
those facts, they are entitled to the relief they
ask. They come in no sense as beggars.
They come in no insoleut manner either, but
come simply presenting their claim to your
consideration and asking you if you find it to
be just, as they believe it to be, to enact the
legislation that is required.
But, Mr. President, it is not simply the
sanction of these States that this claim has,
and which I think should be sufficient to pro-
tect it from the charge of being an attempt to
get money under false pretenses. Let i.s see
what other sanctions it has; let us see what
other names are recorded in its favor. I hold
in my hand the opinions of the following per-
sons in l'avor of this claim: the opinion of
Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States; of Thomas A. Hendricks when Com-
missioner of the General Land Office ; of Judge
Davis of, the Supreme Court of the United
States; of Judge Drummond of the United
States district court of Illinois ; of Judge Wal-
ker of the supreme court of Illinois; of the late
Chief Justice Catou of the supreme court of
that State; of Judge Cartter of the supreme
court of this District; and of Benjamin R.
Curtis,, whom we alt know, and upon whom it
is not necessary for me to pronounce any
eulogy^ not his argument as a lawyer, but his
solemn opinion; an opinion asked for, and not
asked to be one thing or'the other, but simply
and nakedly the true convicions of his mind.
Nor does it stand upon these sanctions alone.
1 have before me a letter of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury, before whom this claim
would have to go, and I ask that this letter may
be read; first, for the purpose of showing
that even the Department, or at least one of
its most prominent officers, regards it as
equitable, and in the next place, to explain
why it is that some delay has occurred in the
presentation or settlement of the claim. Be-
fore I do that, however, I ought to say that,
as appears by the correspondence and facts
stated in this pamphlet, the consideration of
this claim was delayed at the instance of Presi-
dent Lincoln, although he believed it to be per-
iectly just, delayed because we were then in
the midst of a war, and he said that it did not
become a patriotic State like Illinois to press
a demand on the public Treasury at such a
time as that.
Mr. LOGAN. Bead what he said.
Mr. 1HU&MAN. No, I do not wish to
take up tiuie ; I cannot stop to read it; but I
will ask that the letter from the First Comp-
troller which I send to the desk may be read.
Ihe Chief Clei-k read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
iirst Comptroller's Office
February 7,1873. '
♦Jf? 1 your inquiry I have the hnnn*
to state that I did not finally decide upon the two
of IUinois- ^though I examined U
with much care soou alter it came to this
^ *i< ww# tu Luis omoe,
trriSfe its equities with similar
fnS M* <*e.t0,the States of Alabama, Mississippi
S,1"" I doubted the construction put
r -s agents of the State.
i was the more inclined to a strict construction of
the laws, because my own State was largely inter-
ested in the question. You asked the Secretary of
the Treasury to take the opinion of the Attorney
General, but I objected to the submission of the
case to him, because if the claim should be allowed
and paid, itwould be upon the concurrent action of
the Attorney General, the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the Comptroller, each of whom was a citizen
of one of the States interested, and each of a sepa-
rate State. 'I thought that under such circumstances
a construction to warrant payment should be clear
and undoubted, otherwise our action might be ques-
tioned and we censured. The want of equity did
not cause a failure to allow and certify the claim.
X am, very respectfully,
R. W. TAYLER, Comptroller.
Hon. Isaac N. Morbis.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, that is
one reason why this claim has not been settled
at the Department. The decision of Judge
Otto when he was in the Department of the
Interior was read yesterday as if that was con-
clusive of the case. He was a mere subordin-
ate, and that decision has been overruled in
one of its most material points. What did he
undertake to decide ? He undertook to decide
that he would not even pay the two per cent,
upon the Indian reservations. In that he was
overruled and the money was paid. But he
further took the ground that he would not pay
the two per cent, upon the sales of the public
lands, and taking that ground, the question is
brought here. How brought here ? Brought
here for this reason: because owing to the
lapse of time of which I have already spoken,
and the reason why that lapse of time oc-
curred, a period so great had elapsed that
according to the usage of the Department
that decision of his could not be reviewed and
reversed, and therefore these parties had to
come to Congress. So much for that.
Mr. President, I am apprehensive that in
the much speaking on this bill we have lost
sight perhaps, to some extent of what the bill
is. Let us see what it is. It is a short bill,
and I can read it in a moment:
Be it enacted, That the true intent and mean-
ing of the second section of the act approved March
3,1857, entitled "An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State of Missis-
sippi and other States," is, that all the other States,
to wit, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, which have not
received thefull amountof their five per cent, of the
net proceeds of the sale of public lands lying within
their respective limits, as mentioned in their sev-
eral enabling acts, in money, shall have their ac-
counts stated, both on the public lands and reserva-
tions,_ and such cash balance as has not been paid
to said States allowed and paid.
That is the whole of this bill. It is a bill
declaring the true intent and meaning of an
act approved March 3, 1857. Well, sir, what
was that act of March 3, 1857 V Before I read
it, however, I should read the act to which it
referred, an act in regard to Alabama passed
in 1855. The act in regard to Alabama was
as follows:
the Commissioner of the General Land
Othee be, and he is hereby, required to state an
account between the United States and the State of
Alabama, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum
or sums of money arc due to said State, heretofore
STqio'?d <"|der the sixth section of an act of March
A1819, for the admission of Alabama into theUnion:
and that he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and Creek Indians
within the limits of Alabama, and allow and pay to
the said btate five per cent, thereon, as in ease of
other sales."
Then, two years after the passage of that
Alabama act, the act of March 3, 1857, referred
to in th^ pending bill, was passed, and it is in
these words: .
I-, n. That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be, and he is hereby, required to state an
account between the United States and the State
ol Mississippi for the purpose of ascertaining what
sum or sums of money are due to said State hereto-
fore unsettled, on account of the public lands in
Said btate, and upon the same principles of allow-
ance and settlement prescribed in the act to settle
certain accounts between the Unifed States and tha
btate of Alabama, approved the 2d of March, 1855-
and that he be required to include in said account
w;?wai! ^.ervations under the various treaties
thpand Choctaw Indians within
nfMissxssippi, and allow and pay to the
saw istate live per cent, thereon, as m case of other
acre'"eStUnaUng tlle 'ands at tlle valu0 of & 25
lhat is the first section. Now, mark it,
that refers to Mississippi alone. Alabama had
been provided for by the former act, and when
this bill was pending, which as introduced,
related to Mississippi alone, that is, contained
simply this one section which I have read ; it
was amended by adding to it a second section
in these words :
"That the said Commissioner shall also state an
account between the United States and each of the
other States upon the same principles, and shall
allow and pay to each Stato such amount as shall
thus be found due, estimating all lands and perma-
nent reservations at $1 25 per acre."
That second section in the most mandatory
terms required that an account should be
staled " with each of the other States." What
is meant by '"each of the other States?"
Each of the other States that were entitled to
five per cent, according to their enabling acts—
that there should be paid to them all of that
five per cent, which had not already been paid.
Now, mark it, there is not one word in the act
allowing any set off against the claim of the
States ; there is not a word that subjects this
claim of the States to any counter-claim what-
soever. The only abatement of the claim of a
State is to be the amount paid to the State.
That is all there is of it.
But what then took place ? With this plain
and mandatory statute before them, the De-
partment undertook to say not that the Gov-
ernment has paid Illinois, not that she has
paid Indiana, not that she has paid Ohio, for
she had never paid to one of them one single
cent of this two per cent, fund ; but that the
Department would set off against the amount
to be ascertained uuder this act to be paid
to these States certain moneys which had
been expended by the Government of the
United States in the construction of the Cum-
berland road. And that is the question now,
and the sole question before the Senate,
whether or not it is right and proper to set off
against, the claim of the States to this two per
cent, the expenses upon the Cumberland road.
Mark it, there is not one word in the statute
that authorizes any such set off; there is not
one word that seems to contemplate any such
set-off; and the action of Congress, as I will
show in a moment, utterly forbids the idea
that any such set-off was intended. Missouri
was in precisely the same category with Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois. Under her enabling
act, her two per cent, was also to be expended
by Congress m the construction of roads lead-
ing to Missouri; and yet, after the passage of
this act of 1857, Congress solemnly decided
that Missouri should have her two per cent,
without any deduction whatsoever for money
expended in the construction of the Cumber-
land road, aua thus settled by the clearest
possible decision the question which is now
before the Senate. It was impossible to de-
cide that Missouri was entitled to her two per
cent, without at the same time deciding in
principle that Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio were
entitled to their two per cent. They stood in
principle precisely alike.
It was said by the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. PuBUKGHursEN,] if I understood him
aright, that the two per cent, fund was released
to Missouri in consideration of a certain rail-
road that she had built. I do not so under-
stand it at ail. On the contrary, Government
aid was granted to Missouri in the shape of a
donation of land to aid in the construction oi*
her railroad. No, sir ; Missouri, understand-
lnS this act of 1857 as I understand it, pro-
ceeded by act of her Legislature to provide for
the disposition to be made of the two per cent,
fund to which she was entitled from the Gov-
ernment, and the Congress of the-United
States ratified that act of the State of Mis-
souri, disposing of her two per cent. fund,
.here is a solemn adjudication upon this ones-
tlr S00n after tlle of the act
oi 1857.
But now, Mr. President, let us see how this
two per cent originated. The State of Ohio
was the first Stat6 admitted into the Union in
