PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTY-SECOND CONGRESS
of the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Third Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 2d day of December, A. D. 1872, and was adjourned without day on Tuesday, the 4th day of
March, A. D. 1873.
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President and President of the Senate. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chap. I.—An Act making an Appropriation
for the Repairs, Furnishing, and Ornamenta-
tion of the United States Custom-IIouse and
Post Office at Bath, Maine.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of five thou-
sand dollars bo, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the repair, furnish-
ing, and heating of the United States custom-
house and post office at Bath, in the State of
Maine, and for grading the grounds, to be ex-
pended in accordance with existing laws.
Approved, December 10, 1872.
Chap. ii.—An Act to authorize the issuance
of College Scrip to the State of Arkansas,
and for other purposes.
Whereas the State of Arkansas has complied
with all the provisions and requirements of an
act entitled "An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts," approved July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and other
acts amendatory thereto : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Tkat the Secretary of the
Department of the Interior be, and he is here-
by, authorized and directed to issue at once,
and deliver to the secretary of the State of
Arkansas, the full amount of college scrip, to
wit, one hundred and fifty thousand acres, and
ninety thousand acres to the secretary of the
board of trustees of the Florida State Agricul-
tural College of the State of Florida, as pro-
vided for in said act, to be used and appro-
priated to and for the purposes and objects
in said act specified, and none other: Pro-
vided., That no scrip as aforesaid shall be
delivered to the authorities of the State of
Arkansas until said State shall have made
some satisfactory arrangement by which the
bonds of said State, principal and interest,
now held by the United States as Indiau trust
funds, shall be funded ill new bonds authorized
to be issued by said State for this purpose.
Sec. 2. That the time within which the State
of Indiana may comply with the provisions of
the act of July twenty-third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, entitled "An act to amend the
fifth section of an act entitled 'An act donating
public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
227
approved July second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, so as to extend the time within
which the provisions of said act shall be ac-
cepted and such colleges established," ishere-
by extended so that the State of Indiana shall
have the period of two years after the first day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
within which to provide at least one college,
as described in the fourth section of an act en-
titled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts," approved July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Apr roved, December 13,1872.
CHAr. IV.—Au Act to authorize the construc-
tion of Bridges across the Ohio River, and
to prescribe the dimensions of the same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any persons or cor-
Eorations, having lawful authority therefor,may
ereafter erect bridges across the Ohio river,
for railroad or other uses, upon compliance
with the provisions and requirements of this
act.
Sec. 2. That every bridge hereafter erected
across the Ohio river, above the mouth of the
Big Sandy, shall have at least one span of a
height of not less than ninety feet above low
water, and of not less than forty feet above
local highest water, measured to the bottom
chord of the bridge; that every bridge here-
after erected across the Ohio river below the
mouth of the Big Sandy, shall have at least
one span of a height of not less than one
hundred feet above low water, and of not less
than forty feet above highest water, measured
to the bottom chord of the bridge; that this
high span shall give a clear opening of at least
four hundred feet between the piers, measured
at right'angles to the current at every stage,
and that it shall be placed over the main chan-
nel of the river used by boats during ordinary
stages of water : Provided, however, That any
one company, lawfully authorized by the States
of West Virginia and Ohio, is hereby author-
ized to construct a bridge across the Ohio
river, from the city of Wheeling, in the State
of West Virginia, to the opposite side of said
river within the State of Ohio, with a span
over the main channel of not less than three
hundred and fifty feet in length, and in all other
respects conformable and subject to the pro-
visions of this act, so far as the same are ap-
plicable to bridges about the mouth of the Big
Sandy: And provided, That in case this high
span is not over the low-water channel, suita-
ble arrangements be made elsewhere to permit
the passage of single boats under the bridge at
low water ; that all the bridges over the Ohio
river, below the Covington and Cincinnati sus-
pension bridge, shall have, in addition to the
high span prescribed above, a pivot-draw,
giving two clear openings of one hundred and
sixty feet each, measured at right angles to the
current at the average stage of water in the
river, and located in a part of the bridge that
can be safely and conveniently reached at that
stage; and that said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the pass-
age of boats, whos§ construction shall not be
such as to admit of their passage under the
stationary spans of said bridge, except when
trains are passing over the same; but in no
case shall unnecessary delay occur in opening
the said dnaw before or after the passage of
trains.
Sec. 8. That the piers of the high span and
the piers of the draw shall be built parallel
with the current at that stage of the river
which is most important for navigation ; and
that no ripraps or other outside protection for
imperfect foundation will be permitted in the
channel-way of the high span, or of the draw
openings.
Sec. 4. That any person, company, or cor-
poration authorized to construct a bridge across
the Ohio river shall give notice, by publica-
tion for one week in newspapers having a wide
circulation, in not less than two newspapers
in the cities of Pittsburg, Cincinnati, and
Louisville, for bridges, above the mouth of
the Big Sandy, and in the cities of Pittsburg,
Cincinnati, Louisville, Saint Louis, Memphis,
and New Orleans, for bridges below the mouth
of the Big Sandy, and shall submit to the Sec-
retary of War, for his examination, a design
and drawings of the bridge and piers, and a
map of the location, giving, for the space of
at least one mile above and one mile below the
proposed location, the topography of the banks
of the river, the shore-lines at high and low
water, the direction of the current at all stages,
and the soundings accurately showing the bed
of the stream, the location of any other bridge
or bridges, and shall furnish such other inform-
ation as may be required for a full and satis-
factory understanding of the subject by the
Secretary of War; and if the Secretary of
War is satisfied that the provisions of the law
have been complied with in regard to location,
the building of the piers may be at once com-
menced ; but if it shall appear that the condi-
