1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
which there were public lands; that is, lands
belonging to the United States. Kentucky
was admitted before, but there were no public
lands in Kentucky at all. Ohio was the first
State admitted in which there were any public
lands belonging to the United States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not wish
to interrupt the Senator from Ohio; but if he
is under the impression that I made an error
in reference to Missouri, I can correct him by
reading the statute.
Mr. THURMAN. I will thank the Senator
to send it to me after I am done, and then I
will look at it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will call at-
tention to it myself after the Senator is done.
Mr. THURMAN. In 1802 Congress passed
what is known as the Ohio enabling act. It
was an act entitled an "An act to enable the
people in the northwestern territory to form
a State government, and for the admission of
the State into the Union." That act contained
certain propositions on the part of the General
Government, and among them was this prop-
osition :
"That one twentieth part of the net proceeds of
the lands lying within the said State, sold by Con-
gress, from and after the 30th day of June next,
after deducting all expenses incident to the same,
shall be applied to the laying out and mating public
roads leading from the navigable waters emptying
into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said State and
through the same, such roads to be laid out with the
authority of Congress, with the consent of the sev-
eral States through which the road shall pass."
That is a proposition that five per cent, of
the proceeds of the sales of public lands in the
State of Ohio should be laid out for the pur-
pose named. But, sir, that was upon a con-
dition ; and what was that condition?
"Provided always, That the three foregoing pro-
positions herein offered"—
This one about the five per cent, was only
one of the three—
" are on the condition that the convention of the
said State shall provide by an ordinance irrevocable
without the consent of the United States, that every
and each tract of land sold by Congress from and
after the 30th day of June next shall be and remain
exempt from any tax laid by order or under the au-
thority of theState, whether forState, county, town-
ship, or any other purpose whatever, for the term of
five years from the day of sale."
There the State was required to give a con-
sideration for this five per cent.; mil no one
denies that that consideration has been fully
paid by the State, and no one denies that the
consideration was an ample consideration for
this five per cent. The State did refrain from
taxing every acre of public land in Ohio for
live years from the date of its sale. That was
an extremely onerous provision upon the
people of Ohio. It would have been an oner-
ous provision if every acre of land in Ohio
had been public land sold by Congress,' be-
cause it would have deprived the people ot
that State of all power to levy a land tax at
all, aud would have put the entire burden of
taxation either upon personal property or the
polls of the people, because the government
of Ohio could not tax the public lands so long
as they belonged to the United States, and
if for five years it could tax no lands sold
by the Government it would be utterly with-
out power to levy a land tax for five years,
and that at a time when in the youth of the
State it most needed the power to levy such
a tax.
But, sir, that was not exactly the case, and
now I am going to mention a circumstance
which shows how much harder it was upon the
State. The fact was that at the time of the
passage of that act only about one half of the
area of Ohio was public land belonging to the
United States. In the northern part of the
State was that large body, composed after-
ward of ten or twelve counties, called the Con-
necticut western reserve, the land in which
belonged to the State of Connecticut, not one
foot of it to the United States. Then, sir, m
the southern part of the State was that large
tract called the Virginia military reservation,
not one foot of which could be sold by the
United States, because it was reserved to sat-
isfy military bounties. But that was not all.
There was a body of land ealled the Refugee
Lands set apart for allowances to refugees from
Nova Scotia and Canada in the war of the Rev-
olution, which was granted to them and not
sold at all by the General Government. Then
in addition was-that large body of lands sold
before the admission of the State into the
Union, to what was called the Ohio Company,
a company formed in the New England States
to purchase land in the northwestern territory
for settlement by New England people, and
which embraced nearly one eighth of the
State of Ohio. Then, besides that, was
the grant made before- the admission of the
State, to the French settlers, known as the
French grant. Then, in addition to that, was
the New Jersey settlement, what was called
Symmes's purchase, including the county of
Hamilton and the city of Cincinnati, and in-
cluding a large body of land, something more
than half a million acres. Then, besides all
these, Congress saw fit to take out of the body
of the public lands in Ohio another immense
tract to satisfy what are called the United
States military bounties. So that, sir, the
number of acres of public land to be offered
for sale at the public land offices in Ohio was
only about one half of the area of the State.
Then what was the effect of this provision
in the Ohio enabling act? It was to make
one half the people pay the whole State rev-
enue derived from land taxes. It was to bur-
den the people whose land was not exempt
from taxation. Every man in the Connecticut
western reserve, every man who owned land
in the Virginia military district, or in the Uni-
ted States military district, or in the refugee
lands, or in the Ohio Company's purchase,
or in Symmes' purchase, or in the French
Grant—every one of these men could be made
to pay a land tax, and thus the burden of sup-
porting the Government was thrown upon
about one half the people of that State. Sir,
there never was a more unwise, or a more im-
politic, and I must say a more unjust exaction
than Congress made of the State of Ohio when
it thus required that State to put the whole
burden of the State government for five years
upon the shoulders of one half of her people.
It is a thing that never ought to have been
required of her at all, and that never has been
required of any State -since the admission of
Arkansas into the Union. None of them since
admitted has been required to make any re-
linquishment of the power of taxation.
Then, Mr. President, this five per cent, was
no bounty, as the Senatorfrom Vermont spoke
of it yesterday. An ample and a full and an
onerous consideration was given for it. It was
nothing in the nature of a bounty. While on
this branch of the subject let me say further
that there is not a grant which has been made
to the people of the new States that any Sen-
ator from an old State ought to call a bounty.
I 4° speak of railroad land grants to cor-
porations. To them I have always been op-
posed, as the Senate knows, as strenuously as
any man on this floor; but the grants to the
States themselves have never been bounties.
Why, when you gave five per cent., if it had
been a gift to the settlers of Ohio, when
you provided that they might have section
sixteen for school purposes, for whom were
you of the eastern States making provision?
Making it for your own children, making it
for your own brothers, for your own sisters,
some of you for your own fathers. When the
Senator says that the old States endowed that
new State, let me tell him the dowry was to
their own children; it was a dowry granted
to their own offspring, to their own,relatives,
It was not a grant to a people who did not
exist; it was a grant to their own kith and
kin.
But, again, sir, it was not a bounty for
another reason. The Government was a great
land-owner there. Every inhabitant that it
could induce to go to that State increased
the value of its land in the State, and unless
there should be emigration there its lands
would remain unsold. To those lands it looked
as a source and means of paying the debt of
the Revolution. They were, in the first place,
consecrated to that purpose. It was necessary
to induce settlers to go-there and to hold out
advantages if they would go there. But, sir,
let me say that so far from holding out advan-
tages too great, it never offered advantages
liberal enough. Let me call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that there is not one
foot of land in the whole State of Ohio occu-
pied by a human being that was not paid for.
Not one homestead ever was acquired in Ohio
by settlement. Every acre was paid for, and
a large part of it, all purchased before 1820,
I believe, paid for at the high price of two
dollars an acre in coin.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
a question if it will not interrupt him.
Mr. THURMAN. I would prefer not to be
interrupted. If the Senator thinks it material,
however, I will not object. In order not to
waste too much time, I said at the outset that
I should prefer not to be interrupted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's
pardon; I did not happen to be in at the
moment.
Mr. THURMAN. That was the state of
the case known by Congress wheu the legis-
lation that is now under review took place.
But now to come back from these more gen-
eral considerations, and into which I should
not have gone but in reply to the Senator from
Vermont, this was the contract with the State
of Ohio: that five per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands should be used in
the construction of roads; and by the act of
1803 it was provided that three per cent, of
the five might be appropriated by the Legis-
lature of the State for roads within the State,
and the remaining two per cent, was to be
appropriated by Congress for the construction
of roads " from thte navigable waters emptying
into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said
State, and through the same." The money
was to be employed in the making of roads
from the navigable waters flowing into the
Atlantic " to the Ohio;" that means the Ohio
river, for there was no State then called Ohio,
and then "to the said State;" that is, the
State to be formed under this enabling act,
and then " through the same," that is through
the State.
Now, Mr. President, did Congress ever per-
form that contract? That is a question which
I wish to submit to the Senate. In the first
place, what was expected by the parties when
that compact was made ? What was expected
by the parties was this, undoubtedly, that
such a road should be made as could be
made with the fund provided. Every oue
must see that that was the expectation of the
parties. Here is a provision for making a
road to the Ohio river, and to the State to be
formed, and through the State, and a fund set
apart for that purpose ; and evidently it must
have been within the contemplation of the
parties that such a road would be made as
could be made with the fund thus devoted to
its construction. It will be said at once that
that would be a simple wagon-road. Yes, sir,
it would be a simple wagon-road, and that was
precisely what was in the minds of the parties
to that contract; for at that time there were
not in all the length and breadth of the United
States ten miles of turnfiike road. There had
not at that time been constructed on the face
of the habitable globe one mile of macad-
amized road; there was not at that time
leading to the State of Ohio one single wagon-
road. At that time no man could get to the
State of Ohio unless he went by water across
