564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
has been done heretofore. It aids, encour-
ages, strengthens, helps to build up. Every-
body knows that many of our States, especially
the new States of the West, have drawn from
the public lands large school funds, and some
of those States are able to maintain the best
school systems of the country simply by the
proceeds of the public lands. In nearly all
of what we were wont to call the " free States"
our school system has improved and is improv-
ing and is_ educating all the people; but in a
large portion of this country the statistics show
that on account of the peculiar institutions
existing there from the foundations of those
States the common-school system has made
but little headway. I want to aid it and to
strengthen it all I can. I have a strong hope
that if this measure passes the other one will
follow it, and that the two together will give,
at any rate, what the Government can give to
benefit and educate the great masses of our
people, especially to aid the southern States,
that need aid more than any other part of the
country.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
my friend a question. He has just stated that
the common schools of the West and many
of the public institutions there rest upon the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands. He
very well knows that the schools and institu-
tions of New England and most of the eastern
States rest upon taxation and upon personal
donations, and are the result of the growth of
two centuries, and a part of those two centu-
ries in the midst of the most terrible struggle
that a people ever endured. Now, would there
be anything very unjust if the eastern States
should get a little more than would be given
to them by their quota of population under
this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is one suggestion
which I desire to make t6 the Senator who re- >
ported this bill and who has it in charge. I am '
a friend to the bill through and through ; but
there is one provision which it seems to me I
should be incorporated into it, and it is—per-
haps other words would be better—a part of '
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio. By
the original bill making the donation of lands
upon which these colleges were founded, if I
anj right in my recollection, it was provided
that the proceeds arising from those lands i
•hould remain a fund for the support of the
various colleges. Ten per cent. I think, how
ever, was allowed for the construction of build-
ings. In the States where colleges have been
erected they have been erected by private do- |
nations and by contributions from the States, ;
using, I suppose, ten per cent, of the fund, as j
was provided by law. Now, I insist that other J
States than those which have already erected ;
their buildings and which shall hereafter erect
them shall be limited by the same conditions i
by which we were limited in the original act; j
in other words, that but ten per cent, of these <
moneys shall be used in the erection of build- 1
ings. I think it is eminently proper ; I think
it is but just to the States that have already
erected their buildings ; and more than that,
I think we ought to demand that the great
amount of the money hereby appropriated
shall be a fund for the support of these
schools. But I submit that under the provis-
ions of this bill as it stands a State may take
every dollar of the fund in the erection of its
buildings. Now, I appeal to theSenator from
Vermont to incorporate an amendment; I do
not desire to offer any amendment myself, but
I want him to look at it in that light and simply
insert a provision that no more than ten per
cent, of the money hereby appropriated shall
be used for the erection of buildings.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call the attention of the Senator from Maine
to the fact that this bill does contain the same
conditions as were in the original act, as he
will see by referring to the concluding portion
of the first section :
On such conditions as to the application and man-
agement of the sum hereby appropriated as are
pre3oribed in the act hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. HAMLIN. I read the language very
carefully, and I do not think it includes the
condition made in the original act. That is
all that I ask to have incorporated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There can
be no question about it; it was so intended
and it is so worded.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only draw another con-
clusion. I think the language is too vague,
too loose, too indefinite.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the bill
were susceptible of the construction the Sen-
ator from Maine has given to it, I should be
glad to incorporate such a provision as he
suggests; but I do not think it is, for in the
very first section it is provided that all the
conditions in relation to the application and
management of the fund under the original
act shall apply to this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one suggestion
made by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] that I wish to refer to and to impress
on the Senate The bill of Mr. Hoar, as it is
commonly called, which has passed the House
of Representatives and is now here in the
Senate, makes a specific application of the !
proceeds of the sale of the public lauds for the
education of the children in the southern j
States. That is the effect of it. It divides the !
money according to illiteracy, and with the |
avowed purpose and upon the statement made '
in the House in debate, that two thirds of the
money would necessarily go to the people of
the southern States. That is a House bill
which has been sent to us and is now on our
table.
Mr. FRELINGHDYSEN. Is my friend
from Ohio in favor of that bill? Does he ad-
vise us to support that bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not prepared now
to say ; but I am not so sure but that I would
on high grounds of public policy be willing to
appropriate to such a purpose a considerable
! sum of money, not out of the proceeds of the
! public lands or anything else, for if I would do
it at all, I would do it directly and not by an
equivocal condition. But here we are taking
the very money that has been appropriated by
the Representatives of the people, by the House
of Representatives in their project, and divert-
ing it to the establishment of these agricultural
colleges. The Senator from Indiana asks
whether or not the passage of this agricultural
college bill will defeat the other bill. As a
matter of course it will defeat it, because we
take the very fund upon which that bill rests
and divert it to another use. The first words
in that bill read as follows :
That the net proceeds of the public lands are
hereby forever consecrated and set apart for the
education of the people.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But in the
proviso they take it all back again, and say it
shall not apply to homesteads, it shall not
apply to military bounties, it shall not apply
to any power on the part of Congress to dis-
pose of the lauds just as they see fit.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true; but it
takes the very money that is appropriated by
the bill of the Senator from Vermont, the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, all
that goes into the Treasury, every dollar of
it, and applies it for the purpose contem-
plated in that bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has that passed?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I say it is a
proposition of the House of Representatives
to appropriate the proceeds of the public lands.
But the Senator from Massachusetts says he is
willing to vote for this bill if it will not inter-
fere with the execution of that House bill
when it passes. He is in favor of both j that
is he will appropriate all the proceeds of the
public lands, first, to build agricultural col-
leges, and then he will appropriate all the
proceeds of the public lands to distribute
among the people of the southern States for
educational purposes. That is the positiou
in which we are placed. We cannot do both.
To use an old expression, " we cannot eat the
hog and have it still."
The Senator from South Carolina answers
that in this way, "Oh," says he, "we will
give the proceeds of the public lands to build
these agricultural colleges, and then we will
take from the national Treasury two or three
millions more a year to educate the people of
the southern States." I am afraid my friend
will find his allies deserting him when he
comes to pass that bill. When he comes to
take not only three millions, the proceeds of
the public lands, from the Treasury, but three
millions more to educate the people of the
southern States, he will find that the small
States are not so strongly represented on that
question as they are on the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I sup-
pose that we are all in favor of education and
of all measures which will advance the gen-
eral intelligence of the people. It is unneces-
sary for us to proclaim that. But here is a
bill that proposes, I will say to the Senator
from Ohio who has just taken his seat, to do
nothing else but take money out of the national
Treasury. What is the use of trying to de-
ceive ourselves or to deceive the people by
talking about appropriating the proceeds
arising from the sales of the public lands ?
This money is to go into the Treasury of the
United States and is to be taken out of the
Treasury of the United States to establish
these colleges. It is no matter whether it is
■ money arising from the sales of the public
lands, or money arising from taxation, direct
or indirect; it is the people's money that is
, to be taken out of the Treasury of the United
; States to establish these agricultural colleges,
and an equal amount appropriaied to each
State in the Union without regard to extent
or population.
But, sir, there is another suggestion that I
desire to make. I have been engaged during
J the progress of this bill in a committee which
has nad leave to sit during the sessions of the
Senate, and have not heard the discussions
upon it; but I should like to know where theso
proceeds of the sales of the public lands are
to come from. As I understand the policy of
this Government of late years, it has not been
to sell the public lands for cash. We now
j reserve the public lands for preemptors and
under our homestead acts. The old policy of
proclaiming the public lands for sale at public
auction has been dispensed with; and why?
No lands can be purchased at private entry
under existing law, as I understand it, until
they have first been proclaimed for sale at
public auction at some land office. Under
the system that formerly obtained, lands were
formally proclaimed for sale and then subject
to private entry. The result of that was that
the capitalists of the country, the speculators
of the country went out into the new States
and entered up land by the thousand and. the
hundred thousand acres.
_Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me a moment, I will suggest to him
that the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shows the receipt during the last fiscal
year of nearly $3,000,000 from the sales of the
public lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that,
and will speak of that in a moment. There
have been from two to three million dollars
received from the sale of the public lands for
the last three years. Those are lands, however,
that were proclaimed for sale years ago. I
am not aware, and I should like to know from
some of the Senators from the new States
where there are public lands, whether any
lands have been proclaimed for sale within
