1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
the last four or five years. As I understand,
you cannot purchase lands now in Nebraska
or Kansas or Minnesota—the Senator from
Minnesota can tell us how that is—at private
sale except it be some lands which were offered
years ago ; and the receipts that we have been
getting have been from the lands that were
proclaimed some years ago, before we passed
the homestead acts.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will allow me, the practice of offering
land at public sale so as to become subject to
Frivate entry has been mostly discontinued.
noticed one or two advertisements within the
last year of some quantities in the Northwest,
but it is a system that is almost universally
disapproved, and should never be allowed
again unless under some special circumstances.
iTie receipts we have been getting come from
preemptions. The preemptors buy at $1 25
an acre, and they pay for the lands after they
have been preempted. They can preempt
land and pay for it and get title at once, or
they can acquire it under the homestead law.
Notwithstanding the homestead law, there is
a large amount preempted every year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is growing less
and less under our homestead law. The
homestead law is of comparatively recent date.
There are, I suppose, in all the States yet left
several millions, perhaps not many, but most
likely some millions of acres of public land
that are subject to private entry, but, as the
Senator from Nevada says, no more lands are
to be exposed in that way. Now, if this bill
becomes a law, it provides for the disposition
of the proceeds of eighteen and a half million
acres of public lands. Will it amount to any-
thing? Not unless you throw these lands into
market again, and then you will have the con-
dition of things which has more than any one
thing retarded the settlement of the western
States. There are now counties, as I under-
stand, in Kansas where half the land belongs
to some man living perhaps in the city of New
York, who entered those lands when they
were subject to entry under our former prac-
tice, with land warrants, costing him perhaps
seventy five cents to the acre, and he is hold-
ing them there until by the improvements
made by actual settlers in the neighborhood
or in adjoining counties he can realize a for-
tune out of the persons who will eventually go
upon those lands. The passage of this bill
will necessarily create a pressure to throw
those lands into the market again.
I ask Senators from the new States if they
are prepared to vote for a measure which shall
bring about that pressure, because there will
be no considerable amount of money received
into the Treasury from the sales of public lands
under the practice that now obtains. It will
grow less and less every year, because more
and more of the lands will be taken up by the
homestead settler and fewer by the preemptor
after this. Any man who goes and settles
npon the public I..nds and cultivates them for
five years has them for nothing, or substan-
tially for nothing. He pays, I believe, ten
dollars, sufficient barely to cover the expense
of proving up his homestead and obtaining the
title to the land; and it is in this way that the
public lands in the western country are here-
after to be occupied.
I do not wish, under the pretense of taking
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
as if that was not a direct appropriation out
of the national Treasury, to vote for a meas-
ure that shall create a pressure to resort to the
old system by which large tracts of public
lands may be accumulated in the hands of
speculators to the detriment of the actual set-
tler and to the discouragement of the settle-
ment of the new States. I would rather vote
for a bill that takes the necessary amount out
of the Treasury without saying anything about
its coming from the sales of the public lands.
What difference does that make? None
whatever. This money first comes into the
Treasury before it is paid out, and it is just
like any other money, and we deceive our-
selves if we suppose it is any different because
it is money received from the sales of public
lands from what it would be if it were money
received from any other source.
Governed by these considerations, although
I am in favor of education I trust as much
as any one here, and ready to support any
measure which I think properly belongs to the
Federal Government to inaugurate and sup-
port for the purpose of promoting education
and knowledge throughout the country, I can-
not vote for this bill.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Illinois
says that we are all in favor of education. I
hope so and believe so.- I am in favor of
building up colleges and institutions of learn-
ing wherever it can be done ; but, sir, there is
one matter of public education that I believe
now is of the utmost importance, and that is
the support of the common-school system in
the southern States. I think there is a moral
obligation resting upon this nation, a political
obligation, and I had almost said a political
necessity for contributing to the support of
common schools in the States lately in rebel-
lion. There are some four million people
down there who have been recently emanci-
pated, and but a small proportion of them can
read and write. They are too poor to educate
themselves. The States are impoverished.
Their people are not able to pay taxes as the
northern States are now for the support of
common schools. While I believe they have
the skeletons of common-school systems in all
those States, yet as a general thing I believe
their common schools are poorly supported.
They have not the means to support them.
Sir, it is a matter of national necessity, of
national importance, that the common schools
of the South should be built up, that the
people of that section of the country should
be educated, that the colored people should be
educated, that the poor white people of the
South should be educated, and I believe it is
the duty of the national Government, and, as
I have said, a political necessity, looking to
our future peace and prosperity, that something
should be done for the cause of education in
the southern States. I think I am prepared
to go as far as anybody upon that subject.
We know very well that the condition of
those States is such that they cannot now
build up common schools with the success
that the States of the North can. In ten years
from this time their condition may be vastly
different. They will be wealthy and prosper-
ous, perhaps, compared with their present
condition ; and then they will not need any
aid. They may only need aid for a few years,
and I believe they will only need it for a short
period; but that the generation now growing
up in the South should be educated is a mat-
ter of national importance, of political import-
ance, and I believe of moral obligation resting
upon the nation.
Mr. CORBBTT. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the necessities of the South in this
regard are immediate and pressing. If we
desire to extend to the South, especially to
the colored race, that class of people who
have lately been freed from bondage, the
privileges of education, immediate action is
demanded at our hands. The proposition
contained in this bill is but a slow process.
The sale of the public lands under the present
laws will not for some time amount to a very
large sum of money. Our laws which provide
for the settlement of the public lands by home-
stead and preemption cover into the Treas-
ury but a very small amount of money each
year, and the interest upon that amount of
money devoted to common-school purposes
would not meet the exigencies necessary to
provide for the education of the colored
people.
It seems to me that this proposition, as pre-
sented by the Senator from Vermont, is more
properly providing for the future education of
the colored people of the South and placing
them in a higher position than they would
occupy by providing for universal education
under the common-school system. By the
time that this fund accumulates to a sufficient
amount to establish these agricultural colleges,
with the assistance that may be given by Con-
gress or by the States themselves, they will be
prepared to take advantage of the institutions
that will then be established.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the im-
portance of the establishment of these institu-
tions in every State of the Union must bo
manifest to every one. The fact that we can-
not give to each State the requisite amount of
money according to its population to found
such an institution is no objection to this bill.
The States that are large and populous are
wealthy. They concentrate the wealth of great
portions of this country. They drain the
wealth from the western States. The wealth
of the far distant and smaller States, the prod-
ucts of the industry of those States, flow into
the large cities of the East. The great wealth
of this nation is concentrated in the popula-
tion of the city of New York. The great State
of Pennsylvania also has concentrated wealth
in vast amounts held by individuals. Institu-
tions of learning are established in those States,
endowed by these wealthy individuals, and the
necessities in those States are not so great as
they are in smaller States, particularly in the
western States, the new States that are now
growing up into importance. Those western
States which now have only a small popula-
tion but a large area of public lands, will soon
grow up into importance, will soon be popu-
lous, and require the establishment of such
institutions among them for the education of
the people there as are now established in the
eastern States.
For this reason, Mr. President, it seems to
me that we should extend the facilities which
this bill offers to the western States that are
now growing into importance, and these insti-
tutions should be endowed while there is an
opportunity to do so, while we have the public
lands. By the provision which was offered by
the Senator from Minnesota we are not to
interfere with the disposition of these lands
by homestead and preemption. That will go
on in the same manner as heretofore. The
moneys derived from the sale of public lands
and from the preemptions will be devoted to
this purpose. Of course it may not amount
to the sum of money contemplated by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, but still it will amount to
something, and will be adued to the sum already
accumulated in those States for the endow-
ment of agricultural colleges, and will make
them strong and permanent. The amount
that has been given to agricultural colleges in
those States where they have been established
is not sufficient to endow them and make them
of such a character as is required. This bill
will give the requisite aid, and for that reason
I am willing to support the bill as now pre-
sented.
The bill as originally presented by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, giving to the States the
lands, thus enabling them to control those
lands and sell them to individuals in large
quantities, thereby tying up the public lands,
did not meet my approbation; but to the bill
as now presented, carefully guarded as it seems
to be, I can give my cheerful support.
The idea which has been presented by Sen-
ators as a constitutional objection, that this
fund should be distributed according to pop-
ulation or capitation, it seems to me has long
been abandoned. We have abandoned it in
our internal revenue taxes. We have placed
a capitation tax upon a class of people having
an income of $2,000. It seems to me that in
doing that we relieved a portion of the peo-
