1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Laws of the United States:
42d Cong....3d Sess.
and circulation of each person, bank, associa-
tion, company, or corporation engaged in the
business of banking, imposed by the provisions
of section one hundred and'ten of an act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government and to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, as amended and supplemented by
subsequent acts.
Upon articles provided for in section five,
and in the first proviso of section fourteen of
an act entitled "An act to amend existing
laws relating to internal revenue, and for other
purposes," approved March second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven.
Upon tobacco, snuff, and cigars, provided
for in section sixty of an act entitled "An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, as
amended by section thirty-one of an act en-
titled "An act to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved June sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two.
Upon legacies and successions, and of all
other internal-revenue taxes liable to be
assessed, or accruing under the provisions of
former acts; and the said Commissioner shall
certify such assessments, when made, to the
proper collectors, respectively, who shall pro-
ceed to collect and account for taxes so certi-
fied in the same manner as assessments on lists
are now collected and accounted for.
Sec. 3. That all special taxes imposed by
law, accruing after April thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three, including the tax ou
stills, or worms, shall be paid by stamps de-
noting the tax, and the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue is hereby authorized and re-
quired to procure appropriate stamps for the
payment of such taxes; and the provisions of
sections twenty-six and one hundred and one
of an act entitled "An act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses, approved July twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, and all other provisions
of law relating to the preparation and issue of
stamps for distilled spirits, fermented liquors,
tobacco, and cigars, so far as applicable, arc
hereby extended, so as to includesuch stamps,
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall have authority to make all needful rules
and regulations relative thereto. Every per-
son engaged in any business, avocation, or
employment, who is thereby made liable to a
special tax, except tobacco peddlers, shall
place an.d keep conspicuously in his establish-
ment or place of business all stamps denoting
the payment of said special tax; and any per-
son who shall through negligence, fail to so
place and keep said stamp, shall, upon con-
viction, be sentenced to pay a penalty equal to
the special tax for which his business rendered
him liable, and the costs of prosecution ; but
in no case shall said penalty be less than ten
dollars. And where the failure to comply with
the foregoing provision of law shall be through
willful neglect or refusal, then the penalty
shall be double the amount above prescribed :
Provided, That nothing contained in this sec-
tion shall change, or in any way affect, the lia-
bility of any person for exercising or carrying
on any trade, business, or profession, or doing
any act for the exercising, carrying on, or
doing of which a special tax is imposed by
law, without the payment thereof.
Sec. 4. That each collector of internal rev-
enue shall, under regulations of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, place and keep
conspicuously in his office, for public inspec-
tion, an alphabetical list of the names of all
persons, who shall have ,paid special taxes
within his district, and shall state thereon the
time, place, and business for which such special
taxes have been paid.
Sec. 6. That section one hundred and ten
of an act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay in-
terest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, as subsequently amended,
be so amended that the returns therein re-
quired to be made shall be made and rendered
semi-annually on the first day of December
and the first day of June, in duplicate; one
copy of which shall be transmitted to the col-
lector of the proper district, and one copy to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Sec. 6. That the act entitled "An act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty eight,
as amended by subsequent acts, be further
amended as follows, to wit:
That section five be amended so that the
duplicate statement therein required to be
retained by the assistant assessor of the dis-
trict shall, from and after the time when the
office of said assistant assessor shall cease, be
transmitted by the collector to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
That section nineteen be amended so that one
of the duplicate returns therein required to
be sent to the assistant assessor of the district
shall, from and after the time when the office
of said assistant assessor shall cease, be trans-
mitted by the collector to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue.
That section twenty-eight be so amended
that all of the additional commission of one-
half of one per centum therein allowed shall be
paid to the collector receiving the tax on all
spirits produced after the office of the assessor
shall cease under the provisions of this act:
Provided, That the total net compensation of
collectors as now fixed by law shall not be
thereby increased.
That section fifty-nine be so amended that
in case any peddler refuses to exhibit a proper
certificate from the collector of his or her dis-
trict, and fails to show cause why the property
seized shall not be forfeited, proceedings for
its forfeiture shall be taken and had under the
general' provisions of the internal revenue
laws relating to forfeitures.
That the provisions of section one hundred
and three be extended and made applicable to
the provisions of this act.
Sec. 7. That section forty-three of an act
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June sixth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Seo. 8. That the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, require that each col-
lector of internal revenue shall, before enter-
ing upon the duties prescribed by this act, give
additional bond, conditioned that said col-
lector shall faithfully perform the duties of his
office according to the provisions of existing
laws or of laws hereafter enacted.
Seo. 9. That the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue be, and hereby is, authorized to desig-
nate one of the heads of division as chief clerk
of the bureau without additional compensa-
tion.
Approved, December 24, 1872.
Chap. XIV.—An Act to provide for holding
adjourned Terms of the Supreme Court of
Arizona.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,- That the supreme court
of the Territory of Arizona may hold ad-
journed terms thereof at any time and place
in said_ Territory agreed upon by a majority
of the judges of said court at any regular
term thereof. The order for an adjourned
term shall be signed by a majority of the
judges thereof at a regular term of said court
and entered upon the minutes of the court,
and any business which such court might do
at any regular term thereof may be done at
such adjourned term; and the clerk of such
court shall be entitled to such mileage for
attendance at such adjourned term as is by
law allowed the marshal of the district of
Arizona for his attendance upon the courts in
said Territory.
Approved, December 24, 1872.
Chap. XV.—An Act to authorize the Na-
tional Bank of Lyons, Michigan, to change
its Location and Name.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the National Bank
of Lyons, now located in the village-of Lyons,
in the county of Ionia, aud State of Michigan,
is hereby authorized to change its location to
the village of Ionia, in the county of Ionia,
and State of Michigan. Whenever the stock-
holders representing three-fourths of the cap-
ital stock of said bank, at a meeting called for
that purpose, determine to make such change,
the president and cashier shall execute a cer-
tificate under tlio corporate seal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recorded in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and thereupon
such change of location shall be effected, and
the operations of discount and deposit of said
bank shall be carried on under the name of
the Second National Bank of Ionia, in the
village of Ionia, county of Ionia, and State
of Michigan.
Seo. 2. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to re-
lease the said bank from any liability, or affect
any actiou or proceeding at law in which the
said bank may be a party or interested ; and
when such change shall have been determined
upon as aforesaid, notice thereof and of such
change shall be published in at least two weekly
newspapers in the aforesaid county of Ionia,
in the State of Michigan, for not less than four
successive weeks.
Appuoved, December 24, 1872.
CnAP. XVII.—An Act to quiet the Title to
certain Lands in the State of Missouri.
Whereas by an act of the Congress of the
United States, approved on the twenty-eighth
day of September, eighteen hundred and fifty,
the State of Missouri, with other States, ac-
quired title to all swamp and overflowed lands
within their limits ; that the State of Missouri,
bv an act of its General Assembly, approved
February twenty-third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three,* passed the title thus acquired to the
several counties in which said lands were situ-
ated, for the purpose and to the end that the
same should be drained and reclaimed as pro-
vided by said act of Congress; and that after
the donation as aforesaid a commissioner was
appointed, charged with the duty to select and
locate such swamp lands, who did make such
selections and locations in said county of
Scott, a.nd State of Missouri, making due re-
port of the same, which report was, by proper
authority, approved, and the lands so located
patented by the Government of the United
States to tbe State of Missouri, and, on the
twenty-ninth day of April, eighteen hundred
aud seventy, by said State to said county of
Scott; and whereas said commissioner, in his
report, described other lands situated in said
county as unsurveyed swamp lands, and that
