1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 2^, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Bamsey, Scott,
Sp.rague, Wilson, Windoui, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs.-Blair, Boreman, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Goldthwaite, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
Maehen, Morton, Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Ransom,
Rice. Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Vickers—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Corbett, Cragin, Davis, Ed-
munds, Hamilton of Texas, Lewis, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Stevenson,
Stewart Stockton, Sumner, and West—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, as far
as I understand this case, it is a question of
precedent. There has been a bad precedent set
in the ease of Missouri and it is now intended
to perpetuate that bad precedent. Since I
have been a member of this body there have
been several precedents set that I think dan-
gerous and bad. I remember that during the
session of 1857 there was a precedent set in
the case of' Maryland. The Secretary of the
Treasury was instructed to reopen the accounts
with the State of Maryland for expenditures
in the war of 1812 and to settle them upon the
basis of mercantile usage. I do not give the
exact language, but that was the idea. Those
claims were of this nature: no State knew
where the enemy would land, and all the States
made certain appropriations, without author-
ity from the General Government, for then-
own protection, and did not claim that the
Government was under any obligation what-
ever to pay one dollar of those expenditures,
and it was not-; but jn process of time they
thought they would apply for a reimbursement
from the Treasury ot the United States. After
many years they were reimbursed the prin-
cipal of the amount expended by them for
expenses of the war of 1812, although they
had no claita whatever upon the Government.
Those expenses were incurred for their own
protection, and with no authority of law what-
ever; but they applied for reimbursement and,
after a series of years, were reimbursed every
dollar they had expended.
It ran then for several years longer, and they
came back for interest on these several sums
between the time they were expended and re-
paid ; and, after a series of years, six percent,
interest was paid to every State that expended
a dollar. Between forty and fifty years after
the expenditure, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was instructed and directed to reopen the
accounts of the State of Maryland for expend-
itures in the war of 1812 and to settle them upon
the basis of mercantile usage, which meaut, that
he was to cast interest up to the time of pay-
ment, and then deduct the payment from the
principal and interest; in other words, to pay
compound interest. The State of Maryland
actually received between three and four hun-
dred thousand dollars compound interestout of
your Treasury on what never was a claim against
the Government in the world. Then all the
States that were in the Union when the war
^roke ou' came here in a solid body
and demanded that their accounts should be
reopened and settled upon the basis of the
settlement with the State of Maryland.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend if
that was not done?
Mr. CHANDLER,
done.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was done, I assure the
Senator, to theilast cent of compound interest.
Mr. CHANDLER. On the contrary, it
never was done, and what is more, it never
Will be done. There were $19,000,000 in that
one swindle,_ $19,000,000 compound interest
in that one hill. I will tell you why it was not
done. I had a hand in that matter myself- I
went around to every Senator from a State
that was admitted since the close of the war
oi 1812, and said "this is an attempt to
No, sir, it was not
swindle us out of $19,000,000, and we have
the power to defeat it.'' I have the vote be-
fore me now on my desk, and I can show it to
the Senator, and it was a strict vote between
the old States and the new, and we killed it
so dead that it has never been heard from
since; but every Senator from an old State
voted for it. My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] was here at the time, and he
will remember it, for I called his attention to
it this morning. "Yes," said he, "I voted
for it." Said I, "You were not singular in
that respect, for every Senator from those
States voted for it." But we killed that dan-
gerous precedent.
Then came another precedent in the shape
of the Portland fire. That precedent was car-
ried to Chicago, and nobody knows where it
would have gone ; but in the case of the Bos-
ton fire I think that precedent is pretty effect-
ually killed. That is my private opinion.
Now, sir, we are considering a bad prece-
dent. We have paid the State of Missouri,
improperly, a certain amount of money, and
therefore, having paid Missouri, you must pay
all the other States. I am against bad prece-
dents ; and, sir, I think the sooner you stop
perpetuating bad precedents the better it will
be for the Treasury and the country.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I do not wish
to discuss this bill, but I desire to make one
or two remarks in reply to insinuations that
have been thrown out in the course of this
debate. It does seem to me that in the Sen-
ate of the United States at least we might be
permitted to discuss questions in a legitimate
and proper manner. What does the Senator
from Michigan mean by "bad precedents?"
What does he mean by "swindles?" Does
he mean that this claim is a fraud perpetrated
upon the Government by these three States?
I infer so from his language.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not use that lan-
guage. I did not say it was a swindle at all.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir ; I did not say you
did. You talked about precedents that were
swindles, and spoke of this as a bill for the
purpose of establishing a precedent, and I
infer from that that you mean that this is a
swindle. That is the inference clearly from
your language.
Sir, this idea of talking about frauds is well
enough when you talk to cowards. Some men
are easily scared. When you talk about " out-
side pressure" it scares weak persons, but it
never scares a man. As I have heard the
insinuations that have been made here iu
reference to this particular claim, I thought it
strange that the enemies of this bill should
resort to the character of argument that has
been resorted to here to defeat the claim of
three States against the Government.
Some men think that all they have got to
do in this Chamber is to rise and state to the
Senate, "I have examined this bill carefully
and 1 say it is unlawful." Why, sir, Webster
would never resort to that kind of argument,
for he would agree that every man's opinions
were worthy at least of consideration, as well
as his own. Senators may have some notions
of law, although they may not be on a law
committee. When gentlemen rise here and
say that this is a bald claim and a violation of
law, I can only reply that I assume not to rank
with men who have such mighty powers as to
be able to destroy a claim by a mere insinua-
tion. But, Mr. President, while we are talking
in the Senate Chamber, while we are illumin-
ating the minds of others by our legal ability
on this subject, 1 beg respectively to call atten-
tion for a moment to the opinions of other men
besides ourselves, who have certainly acquired
some reputation as lawyers in this country. I
believe that President Lincoln was recognized
throughout this land as being one,of the most
eminent jurists iu the country. I call the atten-
tion of these gentlemen who talk about law as
though no one knew any but themselves, to a
tew statements of men who have been known
as lawyers in this country. What does Presi-
dent Lincoln say? I ask gentlemen who throw
ont taunts and insinuations here of a want of
knowledge of law on the part of the supporters
of this bill, and who talk about bad precedents,
to listen to what Mr. Lincoln says:
"Illinois has presented her claim for two per cent.
I do not think it gracious in her to do so at this time
of our national troubles; butoy opinion of the law-
has undergone no change. I think the law is with
the State."
Was he attempting to perpetrate a fraud
upon this Government in giving a legal opin-
ion as to the right of these States ? But fur-
ther let me call the attention of the Senate to
the opinion of Thomas A. Hendricks, when
he was Commissioner of the General Land
Office, a man once recognized in this Senate
Chamber as an honorable gentleman, and one
well versed in the law, and he makes the same
asseveration in reference to the question of
paying these claims.
What further? Is David Davis, judge of
the Supreme Court of the United States of
America, a lawyer? Is he to be scouted at
on account of his opinions of the law, and
is it to be insinuated that they are men who
know no law who present a claim of this kind ?
David Davis, now justice of Supreme Court
of the United States, on examining this case,
says this:
"The claim against the General Government, from
my examination of it, is valid."
I should like the Senator from Michigan to
tell me whether he recognizes this as an opin-
ion in reference to a bad precedent, or whether
it is an opinion as to a legal proposition ?
Further we find, as was suggested by the
Senator from Ohio, the opinion of numerous
judges of different courts. Here is the opin-
ion of Judge Drummond, of the circuit court
of the United States, an eminent lawyer and
an eminent judge. He says, most emphati-
cally, that the language of the second section
of the law of 1857 means to make an account,
and to pay the State, not merely to balance
items. Such is the opinion of Judge Walker;
such is the elaborate opinion of Judge Curtis,
formerly of the supreme bench of the Unitfd
States; such is the opinion of William M.
Evarts. These are men who are recognized as
the leading lawyers in this country, all in favor
of this claim; and yet we are told that the
bill is for the purpose of establishing a bad
precedent.
Mr. President, I merely rose for the purpose
of calling the attention of the Senate to the
fact that the most eminent judges and jurists
of this country have decided in favor of this
claim, and said we were legally entitled to have
this amount allowed to us by the Government
of the United States. I did not rise for the
purpose of discussing the question generally.
It has been discussed, and discussed well-
much more ably than I could hope to do. But
I have known of this case for a number of
years. I recollect when the resolution was first
introduced in the Legislature of Illinois in
reference to it. For years it has been before
Congress, and I never heard it scouted at or
hooted at before as an illegal claim. So far as
a diflerence of opinion in reference to the law
is concerned, that is a matter on which each
and every man has aright to judge for himself,
ana each and every man's opinion ought at
least to be understood as being honestly made
up from his view of the law, without these m-
TUun\°"sJ ?n ort'er t0 destroy any virtue iu
the bill, if there is any.
This is all I desire to say ; I merelv wished
to call attention to the fact that "eminent
lawyers—perhaps not as eminent as some in
this Chamber, but at least eminent men—have
said that this was the law,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSBN. Mr. President,
without any purpose on my part I have been
placed in rather a prominent position in ouuo
sition to this bill. My position in reference
to it has arisen from the fact that the Senator
trom Illinois, [Mr, Ibwuwia,] when chair-
