1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
Laws of the United, States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
For Navy pensions to invalids, widows, and
dependent relatives, and pensions to sailors of
the war of eighteen hundred and twelve, and
for furnishing artificial limbs or apparatus for
resection, with transportation or commutation
therefor, compensation to pension agents, ex-
penses of agencies, and fees for preparing
vouchers and administering oaths, as provided
by the acts of April twenty-third, eighteen
hundred; February twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-seven ; August eleventh, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-eight; July fourteenth
and seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two ; June thirtieth,eighteen hundred and sixty-
four ; June sixth and July twenty-fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-six; March second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven; July twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight;
June seventeenth and July eighth and eleventh,
eighteen hundred and seventy; and February
twenteith, eighteen hundred and seventy-two ;
and all other pensions provided by law, four
hundred and" eighty thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the appropriation aforesaid for
Navy pensions, and the other expenditures
under that head, shall be paid from the income
of the Navy pension fund, so far as the same
may be sufficient for that purpose.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act supplemental to and
amendatory of an Act entitled "An Act to
prescribe the Mode of obtaining Evidence in
Cases of Contested Elections," approved
February nineteen, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in all contested elec-
tion cases the time allowed for taking testimony
shall be ninety days, and the testimony shall
be taken in the following order : the contest-
ant shall take testimony during the first forty
days ; the returned member during the suc-
ceeding forty days ; and the contestant may
take testimony in rebuttal only during the re-
maining ten days of said period. Such testi-
mony in rebuttal may be taken on five days'
notice. Testimony may be taken at two or
more places at the same time.
Sec. 2. Depositions of witnesses residing
outside of the district and beyond the reach of
a subpena may be taken before any officer
authorized bylaw to take testimony in con-
tested election cases in the district in which
the witness to be examined may reside.
Sec. 3. That the party desiring to take a
deposition or depositions under the provisions
of this act, or of the act to which this is an
amendment, shall give the opposite party
notice, in writing, of the time and placc, when
and where, the same will be taken, as well as
of the name of the witness or witnesses to be
examined, and of the name of an officer before
whom the same will be taken. The notice
shall be personally served upon the opposite
party, or upon any agent or attorney of his
authorized by him to take testimony or cross-
examine witnesses in the matter of such con-
test, if, by the use of reasonable diligence, such
personal service can be made ; but if, by the
use of such diligence, personal service cannot
be made, the service may be made by leaving
a duplicate of the notice at the usual place of
abode of the opposite party. The notice shall
be served so as to allow the opposite party
sufficient time by the usual route of travel to
attend, and one day for preparation, exclusive
of Sundays and the day of service. And the
taking of the testimony may, if so stated m the
notice, be adjourned from day to day. The
notice, with the proof or acknowledgment of
the service thereof, shall be attached to the
depositions when completed. The party noti-
fied as aforesaid, his agent or attorney, may,
if he see fit, select an officer (having authority
to take depositions in such cases) to officiate,
with the officer named in the notice, in the tak-
ing of the depositions; and if both such officers
attend, the deposition shall be taken before
them both, sitting together, and be certified
by them both. But if only one of such officers
attend, the depositions may be taken before
and certified by him alone. It shall be com-
petent for the parties, their agents, or attorneys
authorized to act in the premises, by consent
in writing, to take depositions without notice;
and it shall also be competent for them, by sueli
written consent, to take depositions (whether
upon or without notice) before any officer or
officers authorized to take depositions in com-
mon law, or civil actions, or in chancery, by
either the laws of the United States or of the
State in which the same may be taken, and to
waive proof of the official character of such
officer or officers. Any written consent given
as aforesaid shall be returned with the depo-
sitions ; and every such officer so chosen by
the parties, their agents or attorneys, and
officiating, shall have all the powers in the
premises that are conferred by the act to which
this is an amendment upon the officers named
therein. At the taking of any deposition under
this act, or the act to which this is an amend-
ment, either party may appear and act in per-
son, or by agent or attorney.
Sec. 4. All officers taking testimony to be
used in a contested election case, whether by
deposition or otherwise, shall, when the taking
of the same is completed, and without unneces-
sary delay, certify the same, and carefully seal
and immediately forward the same by mail
addressed to the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, Washington,
D. C.; and shall also indorse upon the envel-
ope containing such deposition or testimony
the name of the case in which it is taken, to-
gether with the name of the party in whose
behalf it is taken, and shall subscribe such
indorsement. Upon the written request of
either party the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives shall open any deposition at any
time after he shall have received the same,
and he may furnish either party with a copy
thereof.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
Chap. XXV".—An Act for the extension of
time to the Winona and Saint l'eter Rail-
road Company for the completion of its
ltoad.
He il enacted by Hit Senate and Ho use of Rep-
resentatives of Ike United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, That the time lor the com-
pletion of the railroad from Winona, in the
State of Minnesota, via Saint Peter, to a point
on the Big Sioux river, south of the forty-fifth
parallel of north latitude, as limited in the act
entitled "An act extending the time for the
completion of certain land-grant railroads in
the States of Iowa and Minnesota," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
bo extended for six months from the expira-
tion of the time limited in the said act; and if
completed within said six months, the said
railroad shall be entitled to the benefit of the
several provisions of said act, in the same man-
ner as if said road had been fully completed
within the time therein mentioned.
Approved, January 10, 1873.
Chap. XXXII.-—An Act to release to the State
of Indiana the Lands known as the Bed of
Beaver Lake, in Newton County, in said
State.
Be it enacledbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the lands in New-
ton county in the State of Indiana, known as
the bed of Beaver lake, the same having been
drained and reclaimed at the expense of the
State of Indiana and its assignees be, and the
same are hereby, released and quit-claimed to
the State of Indiana.
Approved, January 11, 1873.'
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act authorizing the East
Chester National Bank of Mount Vernon to
change its Location and Name.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress asse>nbled, That the East Chester
National Bank of Mount Vernon, now located
in the village of Mount Vernon, county of
Westchester, and State of New York, is hereby
authorized to change its location to the city of
Evansville, county of Vanderburgh, and State
of Indiana. Whenever the stockholders,'rep-
resenting three-fourths of the capital of said
bank, at a meeting called for that purpose,
determine to make such change, the president
and cashier shall execute a certificate under
the corporate seal of the bank, specifying such
determination, and shall cause the same to be
recorded in the office of the Comptroller of
the Currency; and thereupon such change of
location shall be effected, and the operations
of discount and deposit of Sfti,d bank shall be
carried on, and its general business conducted,
in the city of Evansville, Indiana.
Sec. 2. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to re-
lease the said bank from any liability, or affect
any action or proceeding in law in which the
said bank may be a party or interested. And
when such change shall have been determined
upon as aforesaid, notice thereof, and of such
change, shall be published in one weekly paper
in the village of Mount Vernon not less than
four weeks.
Sec. 3. That whenver the location of said
bank shall have been changed from the village
of Mount Vernon to the city of Evansville, in
accordance with the first section of this act,
its name shall be changed to the German
National Bank of Evansville, if the board of
directors of said bank shall accept the new
name by resolution of the board, and cause a
copy of such resolution, duly authenticated, to
be filed with the Comptroller of the Currency.
Sec. 4. That all the debts, demands, liabil-
ities, rights, privileges, and powers of the East
Chester National Bank of Mount Vernon shall
devolve upon the German National Bank of
Evansville whenever the change of location
and name as provided in the first section of
this act shall be effected.
Sec. 5. That this act shall take effect and
be in force from and after the date of its
passage.
Approved, January 11, 1873.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act to authorize the
employment of Keepers, and Crews of Surf
men for the Life-Saving Stations on the
Coasts of Cape Cod, and Block Island, and
for other purposes.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America tn
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized _ to
appoint a keeper for each of the ten life-saving
stations on the coasts of Cape Cod, Massachu-
setts, and Block Island, Rhode Island, whose
compensation shall be at the rate of two hun-
dred dollars per annum, and to employ crews
of experienced surfmen at such stations and
for such periods as he may deem necessary
and proper, and at such compensation as lie
may deem reasonable, not to exceed forty
dollars per month for each person to be
employed. .
Sec. 2. That the life-saving stations at Nar-
