1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
6aad acres of land. If it is vicious and wrong
for an individual to have the right to go ana
enter these bodies of land in large tracts aud
withhold them from market, is it not equally
vicious and wrong for a State to have that
power ? And beyond that, we do not propose
to interfere with the system in relatiou to our
public lauds. We only propose to gauge the
amount to be devoted to this purpose by the
actual sum received by the Treasury of the
United States from that source, and to pay it
out again without any disturbance of our land
system.
Mr. President, it is obvious as to this
ameudment or any other that may be offered
at this stage of the bill, even if offered in
friendship to the bill, that its practical pur-
pose is to damage and defeat the bill. I trust,
therefore, that Senators will vote down all
amendments that may be offered at this late
hour.
Mr. WINDOM. A single word in reply.
The Senator from Vermont intimates that I
gave a pledge to support this bill. I think he
misunderstood me. As I stated in the outset
of my remarks a moment ago, I was very bit-
terly opposed to theoriginal bill, and proposed
with a number of other Senators here to use
every means in our power to defeat it. The
Senator from Vermont was so kind as to pre-
sent to me this amendment, and in looking it
over I think I may have suggested to him that
I did not see any objection to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That was
all; and I supposed if the Senator did not see
any objection to it he would vote for it.
Mr. WINDOM. I was about to say that
the Senator from Vermont showed it to me in
my seat. I read it very hastily. I had not
examined the figures. I supposed the bill
amounted to something. I supposed it would
accomplish the object without any fear of
coming back for additional grants. But I have
changed my mind since the interview between
the Senator and myself in our seats. I then
saw no objections to it. I may not see them
correctly now; but in my own mind there are
serious objections to it, and therefore I have
taken the liberty of changing my position on
this subject, if the Senator understood that I
would vote for it.
I will state to the Senator that I gave the
bill some examination before the discussion
commenced yesterday, and although I did not
feel so friendly toward it as when he showed
it to me in my seat at the last session, I did
vote to take up his bill in order that he might
have a fair chance to be heard before the
Senate, and that is as far as I can go in this
direction. I shall vote against it.
Now, one word as to the large amount of
land Minnesota has received. I am aware
that Congress has been very liberal in grant-
ing lands for the construction of railroads in
that State as well as throughout the West. I
am not at all certain but that we have made
mistakes in granting the large amounts of land
we have to railroads, and I am by no means
certain that we have made mistakes. I know
that there are Representatives at least upon
the floor of the other House who are to-day
denouncing land grants who would have had no
districts in Congress to represent if there had
been no land grants to railroads in the West.
I believe, sir, that Minnesota, with her popula-
tion of six hundred thousand to-day, would
without the aid of those land grants not have
had one hundred thousand people within her
borders. The mistake has not been in grant-
ing aid to railroads in this country; but the
mistake has been this: when we made those
grants we should have reserved in Congress
some power to control and regulate those
roads. If we had done that, I think we should
have made no mistakes in our land grant pol-
icy. It was in the abdication of the power
to regulate and control those roads, when we
gave the means to build them, that this conn-
try made its great mistake. The great develop-
ment we have seen during the past ten years
in the West, that has doubled over and over
again its products and its wealth, has grown
out of the land-grant system. But, sir, the
time is coming when the people will demand
that the roads which we have helped to build
shall not be the masters, but shall be made the
servants of the people of this corfntry. Our
mistake was there, and not in aiding them,
and I am very thankful to Congress that she
made those grants to Minnesota which have
built it up, and I hope that Congress will join
with me before very long in doing something or
other that will bring under control, if possible,
those same institutions that, we have built up.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I do not wish
to annoy my friend from Vermont by any re-
marks that I may make in reference to this
bill, nor do I desire to detain the Senate for
any great length of time. But I feel some-
what surprised to find the appeals which have
been made to gentlemen representing new
States to oppose this bill. It would seem that
the idea was that gentlemen who represent
new States having within their limits public
lands unoccupied and unsold should act on the
principle that the land belonged to the States,
and that therefore we were by this bill giving
away the property of the States and not the
property of the Government. All of us de-
sire the settlement of our States, whether new
or old, and I think this is one of the modes by
which land may be brought into market and
settlers obtained.
Sir, if we have afforded and can afford to
appropriate the amount of lands we have
granted to private corporations for the ad-
vancement of their interests, thereby advanc-
ing too the interests of the country and the
great development of the West and of other
parts of the nation, it does seem to me that it
would not be a very great stretch of conscience
to appropriate a portion of the land to the
advancement of education.
I am in favor of this bill as amended on the
motion of the Senator from Vermont. I think
it is fair and just. I do not wish to discrim-
inate between the States and say that because
one is a small State and another a large State,
therefore the division must be made accord-
ing to the size of the State ; but I am willing to
recognize each one as a State of this Federal
Union, having equal representation in this
body, and having equal claims upon the coun-
try for the advancement of its great interests.
Hence I am in favor of each one of the States
having a college of this kind established ; I am
in favor of the means by'which it was partly
endowed. We have one in my own State ; I
want to further advance its interests and the
interests of the people by aiding it. I am will-
ing to appropriate five hundred thousand acres
of land for that purpose, and to allow the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as the amended bill pro-
poses that he shall do, to place it at the proper
time in the market, the money arising from it
to be invested in bonds to be an endowment
fund for that college; and so of the colleges in
other States.
My friend, the Senator from Minnesota, has
fears that this is a mere entering wedge, that
we are hereafter to further advance the inter-
est of these colleges by further appropriation
of lands. I say to bim that does not alarm
me at all. If it is found in the future that
the necessity of the case demands a further
appropriation of lands to advance this great
interest in this countfy, the interest of educa-
tion, as it will be promoted in my judgment by
the establishment of these colleges in each and
every State, I then will be found as willing
further to aid them as I am to-day.
I have no complaints to make because we
have appropriated lands to private corpora-
tions, for since I have been in Congress I be-
lieve I have aided, as far as my vote would go,
most of those grants. Very few have been
made since I have been here; but what few
have been I presume I have voted for, and I
thought I was doing right. Having tried to do
right then in promoting the interests of the
country generally, I am willing to do right still
in promoting one of the greatest interests of
the people of this country by furnishing a
manner, a means, or a mode by which they
can receive an education of the character they
receive in the colleges that are designated by
the bill.
1 have a further reason for this course, and
one that has not yet been disclosed in debate,
and perhaps not thought of by others. There
is one thing which strikes me in connection
with these colleges that will make them in
future days more important than we look at
them now. If these colleges are established
in the different States and properly endowed,
and they do encourage to the extent that a fine
institution of that character should the educa-
tion of the people, may it not be at some future
time appropriate for each one of these colleges
to have a branch of studies applicable to the
military organization of this country, and
thereby come in competition with other schools
for service iu other organizations of this
country ? It has been in my mind for some
time that it was an appropriate thing to do in
connection with these universities of the dif-
ferent States to give their graduates, if taught
properly in the branches necessary, a compet-
itive examination against all schools, govern-
mental or otherwise, in reference to all the
services of the country. In that view, in my
judgment, it will be a great saving to the
country, a great interest to the country, and a
great incentive to the young men of the differ-
ent States to apply themselves to acquire
knowledge in these institutions.
That is one thing which has not been sug-
gested here, one thing that has not been sug-
gested in connection with the bill, one thing
that has not been talked about, and it is one
thing that has had an influence on my mind in
reference to the establishment of these col-
leges in the different States of this Union. If
they go forward appropriately and properly,
the time will come when Senators will be glad
to put these colleges in a position of antago-
nism to other governmental colleges,' and let
the competitive examination according to the
theory of many men go forward.
I am in favor of the passage of the bill of
the Senator from Vermont as it has been
I amended. I think it is a proper measure and
one that will do good to the country.
Mr. TIPTON. Before the vote is taken I
have one word to say in regard to the amend-
ment which I presented. If this bill is carried
out, five hundred thousand acres of land will
be sold for the benefit of the schools in the
State of Vermont, and $1 26 per acre will be
realized upon that amount of land. If it is
carried out, five hundred thousand acres will
be sold in Nebraska. If the United States
Government controls the sale of these lands
we shall get $1 25 per acre; if you let us
select the land we shall make five dollars per
acre out of the land, or not sell any of these
lands until they will bring five dollars per
acre. If we, therefore, can administer our
part of the proceeds of this bill in such a man-
ner as largely to benefit our schools, why not
let us do it, when in doing that we take noth-
ing from other States who will get their share
in the money received from the Treasury of
the United States? While we take nothing
from them, we only ask that we may be per-
mitted to administer our own fund in the man-
ner that we were allowed to administer it under
the original bill. I make n® war upon the?
Senator's bill. I take the bill and wish to
take it under the restrictions of the old law,
that where there are lands in the new States
they may select their lands instead of having
them sold at the present time; and they can
sell them when it is the proper time in the
