232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 21,
42d Cong....3d
Laws of the United States.
ragansett Pier, and Block Island, Rhode
Island, are hereby placed under the supervis-
ion of the superinrendent of life-saving stations
for the coast of Long Island.
Sec. 3. That the sum of two thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
carry out the provisions of this act daring the
current fiscal year.
Approved, January 11,1873.
Chap. XXXV.—An A,ct to amend section
twelve of an Act entitled "An Act to au-
thorize the Appointment of Shipping Com-
missioners," &c., approved June seven,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section twelve of the
act entitled "An act to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners," &c., ap-
proved June seven, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-two, be amended by adding to said sec-
tion the following proviso: "Provided further,
That this section shall not apply to masters of
vessels when engaged in trade between the
United States and the British North American
possessions, or the West India islands, or the
republic of Mexico."
Approved, January 15, 1873.
CnAP. XXXVI.—An Act to prevent certain
Officers of the United States and Territories
from practicing as Attorneys or Solicitors
in Courts of the United States in certain
cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no clerk, assistant
or deputy clerk, of any territorial, district,
or circuit court, or of the Court of Claims, or
the Supreme Court of the United States, or
marshal or deputy marshal of the United
States within the district for which he is ap-
pointed, shall a« as a solicitor, proctor, attor-
ney or counsel in any cause depending in either
of said courts, or in any district for which he
is acting as such officer.
Sec. 2. That whosoever shall violate any
provision of this act ^hall be stricken from the
roll of attorneys by the court upon complaint,
upon which the respondent shall have due no-
tice, and be heard in his defense, and in the
case of a marshal or deputy marshal so act-
ing, he shall be recommended by the court for
dismissal from office.
Appkoved, January 16, 1873.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act relating to Members of
Congress, Heads of Departments, and other
Officers of the Government," approved
June eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of an
act entitled "An act relating to members of
Congress, heads of Departments, and other
officers of the Government," approved June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be
so extended as to apply in all respects to Del-
egates from the Territories, and the District
or Territory of Columbia.
Approved, January 16, 1873.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act to authorize the
erection of a Public Building at Evansville,
Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be erected at Evansville,
in the State of Indiana, a suitable brick building
for the accommodation of the custom-house,
post office, United States courts, and other
offices of the United States, on plans to be
determined by him, and at a cost, including
the cost of the site thereof, of not exceeding
two hundred thousand dollars, and such site
shall be of such extent as to leave the building
independent and unexposed to fire from any
and all adjoining buildings: Provided, That
no appropriations for this purpose shall be
used or expended until a valid title to said
site shall be vested in the United States, and
until the State of Indiana shall duly release
and relinquish its right to tax said site and the
property of the United States that may be
and remain thereon, and its jurisdiction over
the same.
Approved, January 16, 1873.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act to fix the Compensa-
tion of Gaugers and Measurers at the Port
of Boston.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the compensation
of gaugers and measurers at the port of Bos-
ton, shall be the same) as provided for the same
class of officers at the port of New York un-
der existing laws.
Approved, January 17, 1873.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act to authorize the ex
amination of certain Banks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Comptroller of
the Currency, in addition to the powers now
conferred upon him by law for the examination
of national banks, is hereby farther authorized,
whenever he may deem it useful, to-cause ex-
amination to be made into the condition of
any bank in the District of Columbia organ-
ized under act of Congress. The Comptroller,
at his discretion, may report to Congress the
results of such examination. The expense
necessarily incurred in the execution of this
act shall be paid out of any appropriation
made by Congress for special bank examina-
tions.
Approved, January 20, 1873.
Chap. XLV.—An Act to incorporate the
Loomis Aerial Telegraph Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That Mahlon Loomis,
Alexander Elliott, and William N. Chamber-
lain, of Washington city, District of Colum-
bia, P. B. Ammidon, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, and Isaiah Lukens, of Delaware, and
their associates and successors, are hereby in-
corporated and made a body politic and cor-
porate by the name of the Loomis Aerial Tel-
egraph Company, and by that name may sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any
court of law or equity of competent jurisdic-
tion, and may have and use a common seal,
and be entitled to use and exercise all the
powers, rights, and privileges incident to such
corporation: Provided, That the corporate
powers created by this act shall not be exer-
cised by Said company within any State except
by the consent of the Legislature of such State,
and under such rales and regulations as such
State may prescribe.
Sec.'2. That said company may have a cap-
ital stock of two hundred thousand dollars,
with the privilege of increasing the same to
two millions of dollars, if the interest of the
said company shall require it.
Seo. 3. That the business and objects of said
corporation shall be to develop and utilize the
principles and powers of natural electricity, to
be used in telegraphing, generating light, heat,
and motive power, and otherwise make and
operate any machinery run by electricity for •
any purpose.
Sec. 4. That there shall be five directors
who shall be elected annually by the stock-
holders of said company at the annual meet-
ing, to be designated by the stockholders at
their first meeting to organize and elect direct-
ors of the company. The officers of the com-
pany shall be elected from and by the directors
of the said company, and they shall serve oDe
year and until their successors are elected and
qualified. There shall be a president, vice-
president, secretary,and treasurer; the treas-
urer shall givo such bonds as the board may
determine; a majority of the board shall con-
stitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness.
Sec. 5. That the board of directors shall
have power to make and prescribe such by-
laws, rules, and regulations as they shall deem
needful and proper for the disposition and
management of the affairs, funds, property,
and effects of the corporaton not contrary to
the laws of the United States' or any State in
or through which said company may operate
any of its interests, and they shall have power
to amend or alter the same as the interests of
the corporation may require.
Sec. 6. That this act may at any time be
altered, amended, or repealed by the Congress
of the United States.
Seo. 7. That the capital stock of said com-
pany shall be divided into shares of one
hundred dollars each, and shall be deemed
personal property, transferable in such man-
ner as the by-laws of said company may
direct.
Sec. 8. That each stockholder of said com-
pany shall be individually liable for all debts
and liabilities of said company to an amount
equal to the amount of stock held by said
stockholder, and no further.
Sec. 9. That there shall be an annual meet-
ing of the stockholders for choice of directors,
to be holden at such time and place and
under such conditions and upon such notice as
the said company in their by-laws may pre-
scribe ; and said directors shall annually make
a report in writing of their doings, to the stock-
holders.
Sec. 10. That within thirty days after the
approval of this act, the corporators named in
the first section of this act, or a majority of
them, or if any refuse or neglect to act, then a
majority of the remainder, shall cause books
of subscription to the capital stock of said
company to be opened and kept open in some
convenient place in the city of Washington,
from nine o'clock in the forenoon until three
o'clock in the afternoon, for a period to be
fixed by said corporators, not less than three
days, unless the whole stock shall sooner be
subscribed; and subscribers upon said books
to the capital stock of said company shall be
held to be stockholders : Provided, That every
subscriber shall pay at the lime ot subscribing
ten per centum of the amount by bim sub-
scribed to the treasurer appointed by the cor-
porators. And when the books of subscription
to the capital stock of the said company "shall
be closed, the corporators named in the first
section, or a majority of them, or in case any
of them refuse or neglect, then a majority of
the remainder, shall, within thirty days there-
after, call a first meeting of the stockholders
of said company to meet within twenty days
thereafter for the choice of directors, and in
all meetings of the stockholders each share
shall entitle the holder to one vote, to be givea
in person or by proxy.
Approved, January 21, 1873.
