187B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1533
Mr. EDMUNDS. Give me one ; we have
plenty of time.
Mr. PRATT. I will do the best I can. I
have the dates here of the various acts of Con-
gress making appropriations for the construc-
tion of this road, and the pages of the statutes
where the Senator may find them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are now on the point
of surrender on condition that it should be a
toll-road. Give me a reference to the first
statute which shows that.
Mr. PRATT. I supposed I had in the docu-
ment before me a reference to the date of the
several statutes by which the road was surren-
dered to the several States, but I find that I
can give the date of but a single act, which
was that of August 11, 1848, volume six, Stat-
utes-at-Large, page 283.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is enough.
Mr. PRATT. That was the act by which
Congress surrendered that portion of the Cum-
berland road lying in the State of Indiana to
that State, which was done without any memo-
rial from the State, so far as I know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator must be
mistaken in the reference to the volume.-
Volume six is the volume of private acts. On
that page there is one act for the relief of
Henry Lee. He cannot be the Cumberland
road or the State of Indiana. Then there is
an act for the relief of James Morrison, then
one for the relief of Woods & Wren, and then
one for the relief of Nimrod Faro.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator may find out
what the volume is by the date of the act, if I
have given the wrong volume. The date of
the act is August 11, 1848; and if the Sena-
tor wants to find another act on the same sub-
ject, I have it here, the act by which that
portion of the Cumberland road lying in the
State of Illinois was surrendered to that State.
That was done on the 9th of May, 1856.
Mr. President, something has been said about
the great favoritism that was shown to these
young States, from 1802, when Ohio was ad-
mitted, until 1819, when the State of Illinois
was admitted into the Union, by the grants
made for the use of schools and for public im-
provements in those States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend pardon
me if I aid his argument on this question of
conditional surrender of the road to be toll-
roads by reading the act to which he referred?
It is very short.
Mr. PRATT. I prefer that the Senator
wonld read the acts by which the Cumberland
road was surrendered to the old States. They
are fresh©*1 in my mind than the later ones. 1
know there was provision made in the surren-
der to the older States that the road should be
converted into a toll-road. I remember very
well that there was a gate to be put up every
twenty miles, and that the people of the West,
in traveling over this road, that their money
had built, were to pay tribute every twenty
miles at a toll-gate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only propose to read,
to aid my friend, the act to which he cites my
attention. I have not read it yet; it may be
that it will support the very proposition that
he advances, and as it only contains eight
lines, my friend, perhaps, will pardon me for
reading it, in aid of the proposition :
" That so much of the Cumberland road as lies
State of Indiana, and all the interest of
the United States in the same, together with ail the
timber stone, and other materials belonging to the
SUtes and required for the purpose of
hJinff used in the construction of said road, and
all tfe lights and privileges of every kind belong-
f ^Wited S?ates as connected ^bs„alira^asd.
in said State, be, and the same are hereby, trans
ferred and surrendered to the said State
Indiana."
Mr President, I do not see the toll-gate.
Mr. PRATT. Oh ! All I have to say is, it
the Senator will take the pains to go back to
the acts that I referred to specially, ceding
this road to the States of Maryland, Virginia,
and Pennsylvania, and I think also Ohio,
though I will not be sure about that, he will
find and put his finger upon the very statutes
to which I referred. I examined them a year
ago ; I have not seen them since. Upon the
spur of the moment I cannot give the day and
date those acts were passed, but I know there
is that provision, and I know, in point of fact,
that the whole road was converted into a toll-
road. It was so in my own State, east of
Indianapolis. A plank road company I believe
got possession of the road, and the citizens of
that State paid toll for years over it.
But, Mr. President, I was about proceed-
ing to say that one of the gentlemen oppos-
ing this bill took occasion to speak yesterday
—I think it was the Senator from Vermont—
about the special favors which were received
by the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
on their admission into the Union, in the shape
of grants for schools and for purposes of in-
ternal improvements. What was the extent of
those grants ? I thought he spoke of them
rather grudgingly. Why, sir, to these States
there was a grant of the sixteenth section in
every township, for the benefit of common
schools; there were a few sections, I .believe,
granted for the purpose of a State university;
and that was the whole of it, so far as educa-
tional grants are concerned. Now, sir, since
1848 every State that has entered this Union has
received, instead of the sixteenth section, the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in every con-
gressional township, beginning with Oregon.
Then, in the way of grants of the public land,
how much have these States had in comparison
with those which have entered the Union
since ? The figures have already been given.
Take the State of Michigan, whose repre-
sentative was heard upon this floor but a short
time since. He forgot, when he was talking
blli-IO     — -  oi
about the danger of establishing bad prece-
dents in the small concession that these States
are now asking, not as a matter of favor but
as a matter of justice, what a beneficiary his
own State has been ever since it was in a terri-
torial condition. Why, the very first grant
that was ever made for the purpose of con-
structing a canal was made to the State ot
Michigan of a million and a quarter of acres.
There is no State in this Union that has re-
ceived so much for the creation and improve-
ment of harhocs as the State of Michigan.
The Land Office report says that up to 1868
Michigan had received, in the shape of grants
of public lands for one purpose or other, canal
grants, wagon-road grants, and railroad grants,
and for school purposes, 13,467,606 acres-
more thar, all the grants put together made to
the three States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
And yet my friend from Michigan is very
much afraid that the Senate is going to estab-
lish a bad precedent in carrying out a solemn
engagement made in 1857. _
But 1 am not done with this subject. By
these enabling acts, Congress, you remember,
provided that the public lands which should
be sold in these States should be exempt
from taxation for the period of five years
after their sale. What other States have been
subjected to such a hardship as this? Since
the year 1830 down to the present time
there has not been a single State admitted into
the Union upon whom this hard condition has
been imposed—not one. In 183G Arkansas
and Michigan entered the Union hand m hand;
and, sir, the whole of the five per cent, of the
proceeds of the sale ofthe public lands within
their limits was given without any condition
whatever to those two States: and not only
that, there was no provision whatever m the
laws under which they entered the Union that
their lands should be exempted from taxation
for five years, or for any time after they were
sold. And, sir, from that year down to the
present time that condition has never been
imposed upon any new State entering the
U But that is not all. The public lands sold
in the State of Indiana, which has only about
twenty-one million acres in its whole area,
amounted to 16,122,244 acres. In Ohio the
public lands that were sold amounted to a little
short of thirteen millions ; in Illinois a little
short of twenty millions. The sum total of
all the public lands sold in those States is
48,807,535 acres. These at $1 25 an acre
would amount to $61,008,000. Now, sir,
what would the taxes on these lands for State,
county, township, school, road, and all other
purposes, have amounted to during those five
years that they were exempted from taxation ?
It has been stated here in round numbers that
it would have amounted to at least a million
of dollars, and the States were deprived of
the power of taxing these lands for five years
in their infancy and when this power of taxa-
tion was most needed. What was the object
of that exemption ? It was the policy of Con-
gress to people those new States, to induce
immigration, settlement, and cultivation of
the waste lands in those States. It was Con-
gress and the country at large that received
the benefit of this emigration.
Indiana was covered with a dense forest,
much of her land was swampy. This great
avenue reaching from the Atlantic to the Mis-
sissippi river was for years the great thorough-
fare by which the West was reached. Those
lands would have remained unsold for prob-
ably a quarter of a century but for the opening
up of that highway.
Now, see how much has gone into the cof-
fers of the General Government in conse-
quence of the sale of the lands in these States,
nearly $49,000,000; and their sales were
greatly hastened by this provision that I have
quoted. While that is true of these States, let
us see what is the condition of the States
which have come into the Union at a later day,
those States which have been settled under the
homestead law passed ten years ago and up-
ward. Oregon has got sixty million acres of
land, and up to the time the Land Office Report
of 1868 was published only two hundred and
thirty-two thousand five hundred acres in that
State had been sold. Kansas has fifty-two
million acres, and up to 1868 what do you
suppose was the amount of the public lands
sold in that State? How much of the proceeds
of these lands had gone into the national
Treasury? A fraction less than two hundred
and forty-five thousand acres had been sold in
the State of Kansas.
How was it in Nevada, which contains
71,000,000 acres ? In that State but 60,403
acres had been sold. How is it in Nebraska,
which has 48,000,000 acres? Only 255,838
acres had been sold. Minnesota has 53,500,000
acres, and the amount of sales in that State up
acres to 1868 were a little more than 2,000.000
acres. The policy of the country has been
entirely changed. The people who go to these
new States are not required to buy land, as was
the case when Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were
settled. They go under the homestead law
and select homes and pay nothing but a small
amount of fees to the register and receiver of
the land office. The rule has been entirely
changed. In the early part of this century
the Government lands were sold for not less
than two dollars an acre, and they were to be
paid for in specie. Subsequently the law
was changed and the price was reduced to
$1 25 an acre; and I restate the fact that from
these three States that I have enumerated the
Government in the sale of its public lands
has received nearly $49,000,000, and that,
too, in great part from the pioneers, who
parted with all their money, in most cases, in
buying their land. Contrast this with the
present policy, which gives a home_ to the
settler without money and without price.
There is one other point that I wish to allude
to before I sit down. If the argument that
was advanced here yesterday by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey was sound, the
