570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
for instance, or in the State of New York, or
in his own State, to abase a fund appropriated
for purposes of collegiate education to partisan
purposes than there is in the Secretary of the
Interior or in any Department of this Govern-
ment? Why, sir, in a very high party time it
is just as natural that the Secretary of the
Interior should pay out or withhold this fund
for the merest purposes of party, much more
natural than that the government of a State,
under its responsibility to the people of the
State, should permit an excess—I was about
to say so wicked—but so unjustifiable in every
respect.
Sir, I had much rather trust the govern-
ments of the States, from what we know of
their past, in regard to the fund distributed
by the liberality of Congress for purposes of
education than to say that for the purpose of
taking it out of party politics you will take it
away from the States and repose the adminis-
tration of it here in a Department at Washing-
ton, now thirty-three hundred miles away
from the States of the Pacific coast. I am for
bringing the responsibility for this trust home
to the people of the States. Therefore I am
in favor of reposing the trust in the adminis-
tration of the State governments. Those gov-
ernments have not abused it thus far, and I
say, with much respect for the Senator from
Vermont, and with great deference to him,
that no Senator is justified in intimating that
for the purpose of avoiding such an abuse as
the prostitution of this great trust to partisan
purposes it is necessary to remove the admin-
istration of it from the States and vest it here
in one of your Departments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 29.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole as a substitute for the
original bill was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINDOM. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, [Mr. Brownlow.] If
he were present he would vote "yea," and I
" nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, .nays 14; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry
of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson, Ransom, Sawyer, Schurz,
Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, Vickers,
West, Wilson, and Wright—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Chandler, Fenton, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Machen, Morton,
Pratt, Ramsey, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton,
Ihurman, and Trumbull—14.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Cooper, Cragin, Kellogg, Norwood, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sumner, and Windom—21.
So the bill was passed.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com- j
municating, in obedience to law, reports of
improvements of certain rivers and harbors;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for holding a cir-
cuit court of the United States in the western
district of Missouri," approved June 8, 1872;
A bill (H. R. No. 3325) for the relief of the
inhabitants of the town of Areata, in Hum-
boldt county, California ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3484) granting a pension
to Asenath Stephenson.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
V 1 pn Pposinont •
A bill (S. No. 841) for the relief of James
A. Waymire, late a second lieutenant of com-
pany M, first cavalry United States Army; and
A bill (S. No. 769) to close the accounts
of R. E. De Russy, late colonel, corps of
engineers, deceased.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the Calendar
under the Anthony rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator will
not make that motion now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the motion
for the present.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
now take up the French spoliation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, is now before the
Senate by its order, pending which the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate
postpone the Calendar for the purpose of
taking up the French spoliation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of the
French spoliation bill, but I do think we ought
to give a day to the Calendar, and now is a
very favorable time to do it. I will yield to
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
that he may test the sense of the Senate, be-
cause if we adjourn now, when the Calendar
comes up in the morning he can make the
motioti then, and I would as lief have it
decided now as then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. NYE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order
pending the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, which will fall with the session. The
Senator from Nevada moves to adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I give notice that
to-morrow I shall bring up the question and
press it every day, "in season and out of
season."
The VTCE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask the Senator from
Nevada whether he will withdraw his motion
for a moment that I may give notice of the
introduction of a bill?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. ALCORN. I give notice that on Mon-
day next, immediately after the morning hour,
I will present a bill for the construction of a
levee upon the Mississippi river, and I shall '
move the reference of that bill to the select
Committee on the Levees of the Mississippi
River; and upon that motion I shall desire
the indulgence of the Senate to submit some '
remarks upon the subject. |
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will i
state to the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Alcorn] that the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
RamseyJ has given notice of a desire to occupy
Monday next with the postal telegraph bill. :
The Senator can give his notice, but he will
do it subject to this conflict.
_ Mr. ALCORN. If that be the case I will
give my notice for Tuesday next.
Mr. NYE. I renew my motion that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 14, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction op the journal.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise for the purpose of
moving a correction of the Journal. The
statement of the Journal is that the motion
which I made last evening was that the House
proceed to the consideration of a certain reso-
lution. My motion was that the rules be so
suspended that the proposition I offered should
be in order as an amendment to the appropri-
ation bill in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right,
and the Journal will be corrected accordingly.
amendment of bankrupt law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent of the House to report
back from the Committee on the Judiciary, for
the purpose of putting it upon its passage, the
bill (H. R. No. 3358) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2, 1867. I ask it because of
the great necessity that something should be
done for reasons which I will state after the
bill has been read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If it will not
take more than five minutes I will not object.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to the bill.
united states courts in missouri.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back from the
Committee on the Judiciary the bill (H. R.
No. 3021) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for holding a circuit court of the Uni-
ted States in the western district of Missouri,"
approved June 8, 1872. I ask the House, to
the end that the courts may proceed with their
business in the State of Missouri, to pass the
bill, which is simply to supply an omission in
the act of the 8th of June, 1872. The bill con-
tains an increase t j the amount of $500 in the
salary of the district judge of the court, and
that is all there is in it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. The first section vests
the circuit court of the United States in and
for the eastern district of Missouri, which was
created by the act of which this act is amend-
atory, with full and complete jurisdiction to
hear, determine, and dispose of, according to
the usual course of judicial proceedings, all
suits, causes, motions, and other matters which
were pending in the late circuit court of the
United States in and for the districts of Mis-
souri at the time the act of which this act is
amendatory took effect; and also all other
matters which have since arisen that pertain
to said suits or causes; and also to make all
orders and issue all processes which the last-
named court might have done if it had not
ceased to exist; and it also vests the cijcuit
court in and for the eastern district of Mis-
souri with jurisdiction and authority to do all
and singular that may iu the due course of
judicial proceedings pertain to any suits,
causes, or unfinished business, as fully as the
circuit court in and for the districts of Mis-
souri might have done if said act had never
been passed.
The second section provides that the service
of process, mesne or final, issued out of the
circuit court of the United States in and for
the districts of Missouri, which service was
had after the act of which this act is amend-
atory took effect, and all levies, seizures, and
sales made thereunder, also all service, seiz-
ures, levies, and sales made under any process
which issued as out of said court after the act
took effect, shall be made valid; aud all pro-
cesses are to be deemed returnable to the cif-
