1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
of the judiciary fund, of one dollar per day for
each person so imprisoned.
Sec. 2. That immediately after the passage
of this act the Attorney General of the United
States shall cause to be transferred to the proper
authorities of the territories of Montana, Idaho,
Wyoming, and Colorado, the penitentiaries and
personal property connected there with, situated
in each of said Territories, respectively.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
Chap. LXIV.—An Act to fix the time for hold-
ing the Annual session of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and for other purposes.
Beit enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage of this act the annual session of the
Supreme Court of the United States shall com-
mence on the second Monday of October in
each year, and all actions, suits, appeals, re-
cognizances, processes, writs, and proceedings
whatever, pending, or which may be pending
in said court or returnable thereto, shall have
day therein, and be heard, tried, proceeded
■with, and decided, in like manner as if the
time of holding said sessions had not been
hereby altered.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
Chap. LXV.—An Act to provide for the erec-
tion of a Public Building at Nashville, Ten-
nessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to cause to be erected, on the ground
now owned by the United States in that city,
a suitable building at Nashville, Tennessee, for
the use and accommodation of the courts of
the United States, the post office, custom-
house and other offices of the Government, at
a cost, upon plans to be previously made and
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, not
exceeding the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
Chap. LXVL— An Act to pay the County of
Ontario, in the State of New York, the sum
of eighteen thousand dollars.
Beit enactedbythe Senateand Honseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and required to
pay to the county of Ontario, in the State of
New York, in addition to the sum of twelve
thousand dollars heretofore paid, the sum of
eighteen thousand dollars, to the order of the
treasurer of Ontario county, New York, for the
perpetual use, repair and care of half of their
court-house and post office building, of which
the United States now hold a lease, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
Chap. LXVIL—An Act to give to the Bark
Jewess an American Register.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the bark Jewess,
built in Chelsea, Massachusetts, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and now
owned by Morris Ketchum, a citizen of Con-
necticut, one of the United States of America,
be, and she is hereby, relieved from any disa-
bilities imposed upon said vessel by reason of
an act of Congress entitled "An act to regulate
the registering of vessels," passed February
tenth, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-six; and that the owner of the said bark
be entitled, and is hereby allowed, to register
the said vessel, and to obtain a certificate
thereof upon his complying with the usual
requirements of law.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
Chap. LXVTII.—An Act to provide for the
sale of a part of the Light-House Reserva-
tion at Port Gratiot, Port Huron, ill the State
of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
cause to be platted and sold at public auction
so much of the Fort Gratiot light-house reser-
vation, at Port Huron, in the State of Michi-
gan, as is comprised within the following metes
and bounds, to wit: beginning at a point which
is one thousand ninety-two and one half feet
north eighty degrees and forty-four minutes
east (true) from monument number one of the
survey of Port Gratiot military reservation
made by W. H. Hearding in April, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, and the position of
which is indicated upon the map of the same
reservation made under the direction of Major
O. M. Poe, corps of engineers, United States
Army, in eighteen hundred and seventy; thence
north nine degrees and Bixteen minutes west
(true) three thousand one hundred and thirty-
five feet; thence north eighty degrees and
forty-four minutes east (true) five hundred and
thirty-two feet; thence south nine degrees and
sixteen minutes east (true) one thousand one
hundred and eighty-four feet; thence north
eighty degrees and forty-four minutes east
(true) to the shore of lake, to the place of
beginning, save and except that right of way
is expressly reserved over a strip of land sixty-
six feet wide and extending in a direct line
from the light-house tower, either in its present
or any future position, to the present western
boundary of the reservation; and that the sub-
division of the same be made to correspond,
as far as may be, to the plat of the village of
Fort Gratiot; and that a record thereof ba
filed in the office of register of deeds for the
county of Saint Clair; and that the money
received for such lands be paid into the Treas-
ury, except so much as may be necessary to
repay the expenses of survey and sale.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
CHAr. LXX.-—An Act to authorize the Presi-
dentto appoint Frederick E. Upton, of Bath,
Maine, a Master in the Navy of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to appoint Fred-
erick E. Upton, of Bath, Maine, a master in
the United States Navy, with the grade in his
rank that he held at the date of leaving the
United States service.
Approved, January 27, 1873.
Chap. LXXII.—An Act making an Appropri-
ation for the erection of a Marine Hospital
at San Francisco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to erect
on one of the Government reservations near
San Francisco, California, a pavilion hospital,
in accordance with the designs and estimates
prepared by the supervising architect, the cost
of said hospital not to exceed the amount of
the estimates, viz: fifty-eight thousand seven
hundred and eighty-nine dollars and fifty-six
cents, which amount is hereby appropriated
for that purpose out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized, in his discretion to sell the marine
hospital and grounds now owned by the Gov-
ernment in that city: And provided further,
That no reservation shall be used or occupied
for the purpose herein indicated if the same
is wanted or likely to be wanted by the mili-
tary department, nor without its formal con-
sent first obtained.
Approved, January 28, 1873.
Chap. LXXXtl.—An Act to abolish the
Pranking Privilege.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the franking priv-
ilege be, and the same hereby is, abolished
from and after the first day of July, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
and that thenceforth all official correspond-
ence, of whatever nature, and other mailable
matter sent from or addressed to any officer
of the Government or person now authorized
to frank such matter, shall be chargeable with
the same rates of postage as may be lawfully
imposed upon like matter gent by or addressed
to other persons: Provided, That no compen-
sation or allowance shall now or hereafter be
made to Senators, Members, and Delegates of
the House of Representatives on account of
postage.
Approved, January,31, 1878.
Chap. LXXXIII.—An Act to quiet the Title
to certain Lands in the State of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the title to the lauds
in the State of Iowa heretofore approved and
certified by the Department of the Interior for
railroad purposes, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the city of Davenport, via
Iowa City, to Council Bluffs, under the grants
made by Congress, according to the adjust-
ments thereof made at the General Land
Office, be, and the same is hereby, confirmed
to the Mississippi and Missouri Railroad Com-
pany and theOhioago, Rock Island and Pacific
Railroad Company, and their assigns, they
being the corporations to whom said lands
were certified: IVovided, That this act shall
be construed as conveying only any reversion-
ary or other interest which the United States
may have in said lands, and all lands settled
upon in good faith and now occupied by home-
stead or preemption settlers shall be excluded
from the operations of this act.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
Received by the President January 20, 1873.
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and not.having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated
within the time prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, has become a law without
his approval.]
Chap. LXXXIV.—An Act to aid in maintain-
ing the Fire Department in the District of
Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A-merica in
Congress assembled, That one third of the
expense incurred in maintaining a fire depart-
ment in the District of Columbia by the gov-
