1536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
tion, but stating it as the truth was, and as the
compact was in plain English, that Congress
was bound to appropriate to the extent of the
two per cent, that could be realized in aid of
the three that had been given to the States for
the same purpose, as appears in these same
reports and documents; and that in appro-
priating this $300,000 now we were only anti-
cipating, as a matter of generosity and favor
to these States, the money that would ultimately
be derived from the sale of the lands in order
to defray the whole expense of building the
road.
Now, Mr. President, I must be pardoned if
I ask Senators, filled as they all are with
a conscientious sense of duty, and bound as
they all are to protect the tax-payers of this
nation against unjust claims, no matter if
they are made by three great States, no mat-
ter if they are advanced by six great Sen-
ators—I say I appeal to every man who feels
it to be his doty as the representative of a
tax-paying people to look at the truth as it
appears at the time, and that was upon the
official report of a committee adopted by Con-
gress in the time of it, in aid of the plainest
language of the statute, not that there was a
national obligation to finish anything except
that there was a national obligation to carry
out the compact, to devote two per cent, of
the proceeds of these sales to this purpose as
far as it would go, and the beneficent and
generous act of Congress in advancing that
money out of the Treasury in anticipation of
the money to be realized from the sale of
these lands.
And so it went on, Mr, President, and I
speak by the book—I am not drawing upon my
imagination, I am drawing upon the records of
the proceedings of Congress—until, as I have
said, the money expended became so great in
anticipation of what the sales of these lands
might realize that it was obvious that Cougress
had gone beyond what could possibly be
obtained from such a source to reimburse the
United States for these advances. And what
then ? Then the Representatives of the people
in Congress, some of them, changed their
ground and said, not as is said now, because
no man made any such assertion, that there
was any obligation in Congress toward these
States of any kind to go further, but only that
there was the obligation of Congress to protect
the public interests of the nation everywhere ;
and they put their demands for further appro-
priations, which they obtained, upon the ground
that tbegeneral welfare required and that the
public interest would justify further expend-
itures of money to which Congress had not
bounditself by any compact either of honor or
of law with either of these States; and yet now
that very generosity, that very fidelity to the
public interest in the way of internal improve-
ment, which Congress then exercised is made
the footstool upon which the Treasury of the
United States is to be plucked through the
hard earnings of its tax-payers of more than
two millions of money more.
Let us see. The Senators from Ohio and
from these interested States have probably not
forgotten the time when the tide turned upon
this question, when it ceased to be a question
under the contracts admitting these Statesand
became a question of general interest; because
when it was first mooted, when it was first
proposed, and when the first act of Congress
was passed upon the basis that it was a freat
national internal improvement beyond what
Congress had agreed with these States to do,
James Monroe vetoed the act that had been
passed, upon the ground that we had fulfilled
our compact with these States, and that Con-
gress had not the constitutional power upon
other grounds than a compact to make appro-
priations of public moneys for internal im-
provements m the States; and he held also
that the States themselves could not sur-
render their jurisdiction over this road to
the Congress of the United States; that while
as a mere matter of property and bargain
between these States and us we could appro-
priate money while the roads were still subject
to the jurisdiction of the States and subject, so
far as interference with them was concerned,
to penalties of State law alone, when you
went a step further and undertook to declare
that you were carrying on this work as a
national improvement you had no power at all
to do it; and more than that, as I have said,
that the States themselves could not surrender
the sovereign jurisdiction that they inherently
possessed over this subject to the Government.
And yet, as I say, in the face of this history
which stands recorded in the annals of the
nation, the Senator from Ohio rises in his
place and declares that it was the understand-
ing then that we were carrying out an obliga-
tion to these people to go beyond the two per
cent, and the five per cent, in expending money
upon this road, and that for a failure to per-
form that obligation in toto by completing
these works we are now to be mulct in dam-
ages to the extent of $2,000,000.
" 0 shame! where is thy blush?",
Mr. President, in January, 1825, after the
two per cent, was all gone, and after the three
per cent, which was given to these States to be
expended on this same work, only within the
States in aid of the same work, was all gone,
and the question assumed its new phase, not
of obligation, not of duty, but of national im-
portance, the subject came up in Congress, and
one of the most distinguished of the defenders
ofthe rights of the States. Mr. Buchanan, stated
the case in this way; and I beg Senators to un-
derstand that it is Mr. Buchanan who speaks and
not I, when he clearly eviscerates the pretense,
as if in advance of future possibilities, that we
were under any obligation whatever to take a
step beyond the expenditure of the two per
cent. I will ask the Clerk to read an extract
from his remarks.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" By the terms of the original compact df 1802, five
per cent, of the net proceeds of the lands within the
State of Ohio were to be applied • to the laying out
and making public roads, leading from the navi-
gable waters emptying into the Atlantic to the Ohio
to the said State, and through the same, such roads
to be laid out under the authority of Congress with
the consent of the several States through which the
road shall pass/
tt is clear, then, that the compact gave to the
United States exclusive authority over the applica-
tI2? l £he wk°*e fund. The objects upon
which they were bound to expend it were of a two-
fold nature. Thefirst, roads leadingfrom the Atlan-
tic waters to the State of Ohio; and thesecond, roads
leading through that State.
people of Ohio believed, that the portion of
this fund which was destined to the construction
ot roads within their State could be more judi-
ciously and economically expended under the au-
thority of their own Legislature than by the General
Government. In this opinion they were certainly
J?™60';- T}iey, therefore, asked Congress to grant
them this privilege, and 111 pursuance of their re-
quest an act was passed on the 3d of March, 1803
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
State of Ohio three per cent, of the five per cent.
Jund, to be applied by their Legislature ' to the lay-
ing out, opening, and making roads within the said
Mate, and to no other purpose whatever '
* ' ,be PerceimI that the five per cent
lund, which had originally been placed under the
exclusive control of the General Government was
separated into two parts; that two per cent of it
was retained by Congress, to be applied to the con-
struction of roads between the Atlantic waters and
the fetate of Ohio; and the remaining three per
cent, was given to the State of Ohio, at its own re-
quest, to be expended m making roadsthrough that
v j o 13 therefore manifest that since 1803 the
United otates have never been bound by the com-
pact to make any roads within the State of Ohio,
lhat obligation passed from them to the Legislature
ot the State, and three fifths of the whole fund was
granted to them to enable them to fulfill it Out of
this fund the State of Ohio, previous to the 24th of
Vf' ha S?oeivet the sum of $287,548 94.
With what degree of force then.oreven plausibility
i J'h he contended by gentlemen that Congress
thfi c"m act make this ryad within
the btate of Ohio, he would cheerfully leave for the
committee to determine."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, if time
did not press us I could go back to the authen-
tic documents upon which this summary of
Mr. Buchanan was based and demonstrate, as
he does, so that even my friends from Ohio
could not deny it, that we gave up three of
the five per cent, we had promised to spend,
to these States, upon their request, to be
applied, in order to equalize the expenditure
over the whole line, to the construction of
this road within the State, while we were left
to spend this two per cent, in our discretion
anywhere, upon roads in Maryland or Penn-
sylvania, or wherever leading to them ; and
yet this very generosity of Congress, yielding
to these States what they were not entitled to
demand, is now made the basis for fresh
claims upon the Treasury.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to quote a little
more evidence, and if the Senators from
Ohio will pardon me, and I only take that
State to save time—ab uno disce omnes; it is
only another step in the same path, applying
to all the others—I quote from authority from
the State of Ohio itself; not offered to us when
Ohio is demanding a large sum of money from
the Treasury on what she conceives to be an old
debt, not colored by the hope of gain, which it
may be affects all our judgments more or less,
for we know that the auri sacra fames runs
through all human hearts; we have seen it
lately in a rather considerable degree ; but an
honorable and honored representative of that
State, being a part of the affair, not looking
back to it, but looking into it and being of it,
said upon this-very point that Mr. Buchanan
had made thus:
" Mr. Ross, of Ohio, then rose, and said that the
exposition given by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, of the three per cent, and the two per cent,
fund was a very correct one, and he recapitulated
in substance tho history of those funds in respect to
the State of Ohio. Thus far, he observed, there was
no dispute."
So that we find that one of the representa-
tives of the party in interest at that time stated
that there was no misunderstanding as to (he
fact that we had in advance of our obligation
furnished money to carry on this work; that
we had, with an unparalleled generosity, above
a,nd beyond our obligation, surrendered to that
State three fifths of the money that had been
appropriated for this purpose, that she might
dispose of it in her own way for the same
object within her limits, and that the two per
cent, was left to Congress to be expended as
the whole of it was in the first place, in the
discretion of the representatives ofthe nation,
upon any part of the road that they might
judge the interests of these States and of the
pubfcc required. And yet, forty years after-
ward, new Daniels come to judgment and
tell us that the people who were a part of this
affair, and understood what they were demand-
ing, and why they were demanding it. were
either dishonest or seif-deluded, and that the
new light has now come in which requires us
to pay over again to these States this same
two per cent.
I might go on, Mr. President, reading from
debates showing the circumstances under
which this work was carried on and these
moneys were appropriated, until the end of
this session, and every word that I should read
°iut4°t would only fortify the statement
that X have made, and would only more and
more overthrow the mistake of my honorable
friend from Ohio when he declares that we wtre
guilty of any breach either of honor or law or
ot the compact in reference to what we did
with this fund in the time of it; and, as 1 have
said, 1 should prove it out of the mouths, no'
ot men who were speaking from imagination,
who were speaking from interest, looking back-
over so long a period of years, but of met. who
were then intrusted with the representation of
the interests of these States, and who wer.-
speaking to do and not to gain.
But my honorable friend from Ohio s„ys
that there was a great mistake about tins
whole business for which they are entitled to
compensation in the fact that we built «.
macadamized road instead of a wagon-road
or as they call it out West, a "din-road."
Where did the honorable Seuator get that
