572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
The bill therefore provides that it shall be
lawful for the town to enter, and the proper
officers are directed to enter and issue a patent
to the town, granting to the town the south-
east quarter of the southwest quarter of sec-
tion twenty-nine, township six north, range
one east, Humboldt meridian, for the several
use and benefit of the occupants thereof.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. As I have be-
fore said, I am directed to report this bill from
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like the gentle-
man to explain what is meant by the last clause
of the bill when it speaks of "occupants
thereof." Does it refer to the occupants of
the additional forty acres?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. It refers to the
citizens of the tow£ Under the law of 1842
they could enter but three hundred and twenty
acres. Under the law of 1867 they would have
been entitled to another three hundred and
twenty acres. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office recommends the passage of
this bill; I have his letter in my hand. It is
also recommended by the Secretary of the In-
terior, and it has the approval of all the mem-
bers of the Committee on the Public Lands.
The quantity of land involved is only forty
acres.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order. I
do not want the House to legislate in this way.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been debat-
ed, and the gentleman cannot object to its
being disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the last clause
of the bill be again read.
The Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. It will be seen
that the bill involves the title to only forty
acres, and that the land is to be paid for.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it is very uncertain
what occupants are referred to.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This i3 the regular order.
Mr. SARGENT. The occupants referred
to are citizens of the town.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I will say fur-
ther, in reply to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] that the Commissioner of the
Land Office was himself before the committee
this morning, examined this bill, and recom-
mended its passage.
Mr. COGHLAN. Let the letter of the
Commissioner be read. I think there can be
no objection to the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I send the let-
ter to the Clerk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department of the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., January 9, 1873.
Sir: In reply to your personal inquiry of this
morning, I have the honor to state that u . li r date
of July 29, 1872, the honorable Secretary of the In-
terior Delano rejected the preemption claim of I".
T. Lansdale to the southeast quarter of southwest
quarter of section twenty-nine, township six, north
of range one east, Humboldt land district, Califor-
nia, thus affirming a decision of this office of Febru-
ary 8,1872, in the matter. This tract is embraced
in the corpo-ate limits of the town of Areata, and
has been occapied for purposes of trade since the
year 1850, as shown by testimony on file in this office.
No award of this land could be made to the town
on account of an adverse decision of the honorable
Secretary of the Interior Cox, who held " that the
town ol Areata having preferred and perfected her
claim under one act, is not entitled to an allowance
of a subsequent and additional claim under another
act" u J-j118 ruling was madq November 6, 1869. I
would add for your information that the town of
Areata, entered three hundred and twenty acres in
June, 1868, under the act of 1844, which restricted
the entry to that number of acres.
Under these circumstances, this office would rec-
ommend the passage of an act by Congress allowing
the proper authorities of said town to enter the land
described at the minimum price, for the use and
benefit of the occupants thereof.
I am, very respectfull^£T>urobed^eiU servant,
Comm izsioner.
Hon. A. A. Sargent, House of HepreserUativee.
Mr. SARGENT. It will be. observed that
the bill follows the very language of the Com-
missioner.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the special order. Before
the question is put, however, on that motion
I want two things to be done for the forward-
' ing of the business of the committee. In the
i first place, I want to report back from the
| Committee on Appropriations a bill which
should be properly referred to the Committee
i of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman ought not
to call the regular order and then violate it
while he is on the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. > Very well; let
the question be taken on my motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] who
has charge of the Colorado bill, which is the
regular order in the morning hour, has been
confined to his room for several days by sick-
ness, and is still unable to attend the sessions
of the House. Under these circumstances I
have no objection to the regular order being
passed over, and the House resolving itself
into the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. If the House goes into
committee, it will supersede the morning hour ;
but when the Committee of the Whole rises,
if it should be before the ordinary season of
adjournment, the morning hour will be the
first thing in' order.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The qnestion being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order,
it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will please take
the chair.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the Speaker would
call some other gentleman to the chair pend-
ing this debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, who has been chairman of the
committee during the pendency of the legisla-
tive appropriation bill, desires to be excused,
and the Chair will ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] to take the chair
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WHEELER. I hope the Speaker will
call some other gentleman, as I wish to par-
ticipate in this debate.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Stevenson in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment moved by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] which
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
No money shall be hereafter paid out of the
Treasury of the United States to any railroad com-
pany for transportation of mails, troops, or other-
wise which may be now in def.iultfor interest due
to the Government on the bonds of the United States
given or loaned to 3uch railroad company for the
construction of the railroad of the said company so
in default.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I believe I had the floor when the House
adjourned on Saturday last. Now I hope the
amendment which the House authorized the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hib-
bard] to move to this bill as an amendment
in the Committee of the Whole may be offered
at this time, so we may have this whole ques-
tion fairly discussed and members may do it
in the only way in which it can be done. The
amendmentof the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire provides for the repeal of section nine of
the Army bill, to which reference has been
made.
Mr. Chairman, on Saturday afternoon the
action of the House in adopting the amend-
ment of the Senate to the Army appropriation
bill of March, 1871, which required the pay-
ment to the Pacific railroad companies of one
half the amount due to them from the United
' States for transportation, &c., was suddenly
and sharply called in question by gentlemen
i on this side of the House. I was not paying
very strict attention to it, until I heard my
name mentioned in connection with something
supposed to have been done surreptitiously. I
obtained the floor as soon as I could, the
usual hour for adjournment having arrived, to
j ask a postponement of the debate, which was
! granted.
I find by the Globe that the language I
I thought objectionable was not used by the gen-
tleman from Indiaua [Mr. Holman] as I then
thought, and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Randall] at once disavowed any per-
sonal application of the words. I refer to these
things in order to remove whatever semblance
of feeling may have been shown in the closing
moments of Saturday's debate. I have looked
carefully over the whole subject since that time,
and think I can satisfy the committee that there
was nothing wrong either done or intended by
the House or its conferees, and I feel very
sure this is not the proper place to attempt to
correct the wrongful or unsatisfactory legisla-
tion then had, if the House should desire to
do so, otherwise than by repealing the section.
When the Army appropriation bill comes up,
in which transportation is provided for, then
it is probable that limitations such as are now
proposed could be put upon the application
of the money appropriated. It would be mere
brutum fulmen to apply such limitations to the
provisions of this bill, as there are none to
which they can by possibility apply; and as
that Army bill containing such provisions will
necessarily be before us in a week or so at
farthest, I can see no possible good to be
accomplished by the action now proposed.
The House has generally sent its appropria-
tion bills to the Senate very free from extra-
neous legislation; I hope it will continue to
do so. It would seem to me far better to
reserve it at least till appropriations for Army
transportations over these railroads are being
provided for.
But I desire to speak relative to the circum-
stances under which the ninth section of the
Army appropriation bill of March 3, 1871,
became a law.
I was then a member of the Committee on
Appropriations of this House. The attention
of the committee was called to the subject of
the relations between the Government and the
Pacific railroad companies by Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, then a member of the committee,
who, by request of the committee, examined
the subject and laid his views before us in
writing, which we obtained an order to print
for the use of the House and the committee.
The Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate,
by resolutions passed on the 9th of December,
1870, and the 16th of February, 1871, were
instructed to report to the Senate upon the
matters Mr. Lawrence had laid before us, and
as we had not been so instructed by the
House, and as it was evidently a subject for
the consideration of the Judiciary Committees
of the two Houses, and moreover, as we were
overwhelmed with work in perfecting and pass-
ing all the appropriation bills, at what was
not only the short session, but the closing ses-
