236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10>
42d Cong....3d
Laws of the United States.
emment of said District shall hereafter be
paid by the United States, and the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby directed to pay an-
nually into the treasury of the District of
Columbia, out of any moneys in the United
States Treasury hereafter to be appropriated,
one third of the entire cost of maintaining the
said fire department: Provided, That the
amount paid by the United States in any one
year shall not exceed twenty-five thousand
dollars.
Approved, January 31, 1878.
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act to regulate the
employment of Engineer Soldiers on Extra
Duty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the enlisted men of
engineers in the Army are hereby placed on
the same footing with respect to compensation
for extra duty service as the other enlisted men
of the Army, and that all laws or parts of laws
in conflict with this provision be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 1, 1873.
Ciiai*. CV.—An Act making an Appropriation
to defray the expenses of the American and
British Claims Commission, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of one hun-
dred and thirteen thousand five hundred dol-
lars is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, to defray the ex-
penses on the part of the United States of the
mixed commission on American and British
claims, appointed under the twelfth article of
the treaty between the United States and Great
Britain, signed May eighth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one.
Seo. 2. For payment of contractors for stone
work, and other employ^, on the post office
and court-house in New York?city, five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Approved, February 5, 1873.
Chap. CXX.—An Act to provide for the hold-
ing of additional Terms of the Circuit Court
of the United States for the Southern Dis-
trict of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That additional terms of
the circuit court, of the United States for the
southern district of New York shall hereafter
be held in each year, commencing as follows:
on the second Wednesday of January, on the
second Wednesday of March, on the second
Wednesday of May, on the third Wednesday
of June, on the second Wednesday of Octo-
ber, and on the second Wednesday of De-
cember. The holding of any of the above-
mentioned terms shall not dispense with or
affect the holding of any other term of the
court at the same time, nor shall the pending
of any other term of the court prevent the
holding of any of the terms hereby appointed.
Seo. 2. That the terms hereby appointed
shall be devoted exclusively to the trial and
disposal of the criminal cases and matters
arising and pending in said court. The terms
of said court appointed by this act maybe held
by the circuit judge of the second judicial cir-
cuit and the district judges for the southern
and eastern districts of New York, or any one
of said three judges ; and at every such term
held by said judge of said eastern district he
shall receive the sum of three hundred dol-
lars, the same to be paid in the manner now
prescribed by law for the payment of the
expenses of another district judge while hold-
ing court in said district. All recognizances
and bail bonds taken in criminal cases for an
appearance at a circuit court in said district
conditioned upon an appearance at the next
one of the terms hereby appointed shall be
valid, and grand and petit juries shall be sum-
moned to attend the said terms as now at other
terms of the court.
Approved, February 7, 1873.
Chap. CXXII.—An Act making an Appropri-
ation to defray the expenses of the Investi-
gations in regard to Elections in Kansas,
.Louisiana, and Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of thirty
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated to be
paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated to defray the expenses
of the investigations ordered by the Senate in
regard to elections in Kansas, Louisiana, and
Arkansas.
Approved, February 8, 1873.
Chap. CXXVI.—An Act to authorize the con-
struction of eight Steam Vessels of War, and
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized to construct eight steam
vessels of war with auxiliary sail power, and
of such class or classes as, in his judgment
will best subserve the demands of the service,
each carrying six or more guns of large cal-
iber; the hulls to be built of iron or wood, as
the Secretary may determine: Provided, That
the aggregate tonnage of the whole number
shall not exceed eight thousand tons, and that
the cost of building the same shall not exceed
three million two hundred thousand dollars:
And provided, That four of said vessels shall
be built in whole or in part, in private yards,
upon contract with the lowest responsible bid-
der therefor, upon public competition and pro-
posals, due notice thereof being given by ad-
vertisement, upon modelsj specifications, and
drawings furnished by the Navy Department
and under its direction and supervision, if, upon
full examination and consideration, the same
shall be deemed practicable, by the Secretary
of the Navy; or the hulls of any portion of said
vessels may be built upon private contract in
the Government yards upon like proposals,
models, specifications, drawings, and supervis-
ion, and upon like examination and consider-
ation, the Government in either case furnishing
such materials as may be deemed practicable
by the Secretary of the Navy.
Sec. .2. That neither of said vessels shall be
commenced until full and complete models,
specifications, and drawings shall be made for
its construction in all its parts. And after
such models and drawings are approved by
the proper authority, they shall not be changed
in any respect when the cost will exceed one
hundred dollars, except upon the recommend-
ation of a board of survey composed of not
less than five officers of the Navy, and approved
by the Secretary of the Navy; and if changes
are thus made, the actual cost of, and damage
caused by, such change shall be estimated by
such board of survey ; and the terms of the
contract shall provide that the contractors shall
be bound by the estimate of said board as to
the amount of increased or diminished com-
pensation they are to receive, if any, in con-
sequence of any such changes.
Approved, February 10, 1873.
Chap. CXXXI.—An Act revising and amend-
ing the Laws relative to the Mints, Assay
Offices, and Coinage of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Mint of the
United States is hereby established as a bu-
reau of the Treasury Department, embracing
in its organization and under its control all
mints for the manufacture of coin, and all
assay offices for the stamping of bars, which
are now, or which maybe hereafter, authorized
by law. The chief officer of the said bureau
shall be denominated the Director of the Mint,
and shall be under the general direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury. He shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and shall hold
his office for the term of five years, unless
sooner removed by the President, upon reasons
to be communicated by him to the Senate.
Seo. 2. That the Director of the Mint shall
have the general supervision of all rnicits ,and
assay offices, and shall make au annual report
to the Secretary of the Treasury of their oper-
ations, at the close of each fiscal year, and
from time to time such additional reports,
setting forth the operations and condition of
such institutions, as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall require, and shall lay before him the
annual estimates for their support. And the
Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint the
number of clerks, classified according to law,
necessary to discharge the duties of said bureau.
Seo. 8. That the officers of each mint shall
be a superintendent, an assayer, a melter and
refiner, and a coiner, and for the Mint at Phil-
adelphia, an engraver, all to be appointed by
the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate.
Seo. 4. That the superintendent of each
mint shall have the control thereof, the super-
intendence of the officers and persons em-
ployed therein, and the supervision of the
business thereof, subject to the approval
of the Director of the Mint, to whom he shall
make reports at such times and according to
such forms as the Director of the Mint may
prescribe, which shall exhibit, in detail, and
under appropriate heads, the deposits of bul-
lion, the amount of gold, silver, and minor
coinage, and the amount of unparted, stand-
ard, and refined bars issued, and such other
statistics and information as may be required.
The superintendent of each mint shall also
receive and safely keep, until legally with-
drawn, all moneys or bullion which shall be
for the use or the expenses of the mint. He
shall receive all bullion. brought to the mint
for assay or coinage ; shall be the keeper of
all bullion or coin in the mint, except while
the same is legally in the hands of other offi-
cers; and shall deliver all coins struck at the
mint to the persons to whom they shall be le-
gally payable. From the report of the assayer
and the weight of the bullion, he shall com-
pute the value of each deposit, and also the
amount of the charges or deductions, if any,
of all which he shall give a detailed memo-
randum to the depositor ; and he shall also
give at the same time, under his hand, a cer-
tificate of the net amount of the deposit, to
be paid in coins or bars of the same species
of bullion as that deposited, the correctness
of which certificate shall be verified by the
assayer, who shall countersign the same ; and
in all cases of transfer of coin or bullion, he
shall give and receive vouchers, stating the
amount and character of such coin or bullion.
He shall keep and render, quarter-yearly, to
the Director of the Mint, for the purpose of
adjustment, according to such forms as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, regular andfaithfulaccounts of his trans-
actions with the other officials of the Mint
and the depositors; and shall also render
