1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1537
information ? Did he draw again from the
gushing fountain of his own imagination, or
did he have some solid fact to base it upon?
If he drew from his imagination, I must honor
the draft, for it is illimitable; but if he drew
from any historic fact, let him put his finger
upon it and show it to the Senate. I have
read the history of these transactions, and
feel some confidence in saying that the his-
toric fact is against him, and instead of this
road having been built in violation of the com-
pact as a macadamized road, instead of its
having been built in another way and against
the wishes of the people of those States most
to be benefited by it at the time, it was built
in this expensive way in order to gratify their
wishes and to accede to their demands ; and
yet, having done more for them than we were
bound to do, having done for them precisely
what they demanded of our generosity and
benevolence, that is now made the basis of a
fresh demand that we shall pay the money
over again.
I challenge any Senator to show me any-
where in the history of those times, and in the
debates, which I have carefully looked through,
any hint of a complaint from any Senator or
Representative or Governor or legislator that
Congress was abusing the trust that it had
undertaken in making a good road instead of
a bad one. No, Mr. President, it is an after-
thought. It is one of those devices (not in-
tentional, by any means) by which men some-
times delude themselves, and, having deluded
themselves, attempt to delude others into
taking a false step to take money from the
public Treasury.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Senator
will give way I will move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
M. EDMUNDS. I will yield to allow the
motion to be made.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall not
adjourn.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Vermont has been speaking now for
some time, and I hope we shall adjourn.
Mr. HILL. I ask the attention of the
Senate for one moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan.) Debate is not in order (5n a
motion to adjourn. Does the Senator from
New Jersey insist on his motion ?
Mr. HILL. I hope not until he hears the
explanation, and then I know he will not.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will hear the
Senator.
Mr. HILL. I am informed that some reso-
lutions from the House of Representatives in
regard to the death of a late member of that
House are to be sent over here in a few min-
utes. He was a member from the State of
Georgia, and it is customary for this respect
to be paid, and we could not take a more
opportune time than to-day when the hour is
getting late.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
the House of Representatives have adjourned.
Mr. HILL. Then it must have been only
a few minutes ago. I received a note from a
member a little while ago on this subject, and
if the resolution has not yet arrived, 1 presume
it will very soon. I ask the Senate to remain
in session until it does arrive.
change, op reference of a bill.
Mr. JOHNSTON. While we are waiting, I
desire to make a motion in regard to House
bill No. 3973, for the relief of the College of
William and Mary in Virginia, which was
referred to the Committee on Claims. That
committee is so busy that it cannot consider a
bill of this importance at this period of the
session, and I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor. I do
this with the consent of the chairman of the
Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 97.
hears no objection, and that change of refer-
ence will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Ohio has also said, which perhaps I
ought not to be justified in spending any more
time upon, that the violation of this com-
pact 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont will suspend his remarks to
enable a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives to be received.
death op hon. thomas .t. speer.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkrsox', its Clerk, commun-
icated to the Senate intelligence of the death
of Hon. Thomas J. Speer, late a Representa-
tive from the State of Georgia, and trans-
mitted the resolutions of the House thereon.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Georgia will not ask us to proceed immediately
to the consideration of those resolutions.
Mr. HILL. It is so late that I do not think
we have time to take a vote this evening on
the pending bill. The remnant of the day is
quite limited, and therefore I think we ought
to proceed with these resolutions at once.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope we may get a
vote on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This being
a privileged question, it will be entertained if
there be no objection. The Chair understands
the Senator from Ohio to object.
Mr. HILL. I hope not. I do not think I
ever heard an objection interposed to a pro-
ceeding of this sort.
Mr. THURMAN. I know it is a very un-
gracious thing to do it, and if it were any
other time of the session I would not think
of interposing any difficulty, but we know how
we are pressed now for time.
Mr. HILL. The Senator is aware that this
has to be done as a mark of respect sotne
time during the session, and it is quite unusual
to take different days by the two Houses for
the announcement of the death of a member.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not oppose taking
it up to-day. I ask that it may lie over for a
while to see if we cannot get a vote on this
bill.
Mr. HILL. My objection to that is that it
will look like a mere pretense at night to be
moving an adjournment as a mark of respect
to a deceased member of the other House. I
should be very glad to oblige the Senator, but
I do not see, in justice, how I can consent to
defer this matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio persist in his objection ?
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot object if the
Senator insists upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection. The resolution from the
House of Representatives will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolutions of the
House of Representatives in regard to the
death of Hon. Thomas J. Speer, of Georgia.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, custom has
made it my duty, as one of the Senators from
the State of Georgia, to make some response
to this sad notice from the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is true that the death of Mr.
Speer occurred some months ago, during the
autumn. He died at home, surrounded by
his family and friends, and in the possession
of the esteem and regard of a large circle of
neighbors and acquaintances.
I do not propose, in the short space of time
that is left to me, to undertake anything like
an extended eulogy; nor can I say that the
history of one so young as he, and so little
known to the nation, would be quite a fit
subject for eulogy. I will say, however, that
the surroundings of his youth werejnot of the
most advantageous character, for in his boy-
hood he was not permitted to " tread the
primrose paths of dalliance," nor was he reared
in affluence or ease; but being of compara-
tively humble (though respectable) origin, he
made his way, brief as was the period of his
career, from obscure beginning up to respect-
ability and high position. Struggling on un-
aided, he passed successively through the
different grades in his State of member of the
convention that framed the present constitu-
tion of Georgia, next of senator in her Legis-
lature, and the first Legislature under that
constitution, and lastly, became a member of
the other branch of Congress, and so con-
tinued up to the time of his death,
He was gentle and genial in his nature, yet
energetic and fervid. He won friends by
his kindness and soothed adversaries by his
courtesy. He was not polished in manner.
He had his peculiarities, some of which were
amusing to those who knew him well, but
among his singular traits there was nothing
offensive to any one. Few men in Georgia
with the same disadvantages of education and
of early culture have at the same period of life
reached so elevated a position.
It is no purpose of mine to indulge in mean-
ingless eulogy, but simply to say of a kind-
hearted man, that I knew him and esteemed
him for his uniform and steady kindness and
benevolence, <vnd for the absence of all ma-
levolence in his heart. This, of itself, is some-
thing to say of one who is gone : that if he were
not great, he was at least comparatively inno-
cent.
I do not know, with this short notice, that
I should occupy further time. I have always
thought that the cultivation of truth and sin-
cerity, as a habit, was rather inimical to the
vocation of a eulogist. I claim not to belong
to that class, and not to be able in set phrase
to ascribe virtues to one that is gone that he
may not have possessed. True, I could not say
less of him than I have said without being
unjust; but there was not enough in his his-
tory, successful as he was, to make him a man
of decided mark and notoriety.
He fell in the noontide of life, with the es-
teem of his friends and neighbors. While " the
flower was in flushing" came the breath of the
destroyer and withered its leaves. He has
gone to his last resting-place, and has left
behind him in many warm hearts a memory
that would be no discredit to one of greater
distinction.
Mr. President, in consideration of his loss
to his country, as an expression of sympathy
for his bereaved family, and as a last token
of respect for bis memory, I propose the fol-
lowing resolutions, and ask for their adoption:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with pro-
found sensibility the announcement of the death
of Hon. Thomas J. Speer, late a Representative
from the State of Georgia.
Resolved, That, as a mark of respect to the memory
of the deceased, the Senate will wear the ubual badge
of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect to the
memory ot the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were adopted unanimously;
and the Senate (at five o'clock and three min-
utes p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 20, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. MERRIAM. I rise to a correction of
the Journal. The close of yesterday's pro-
ceedings is recorded in the Globe as follows:
"Mr. h. Myers. As it is evident that nothing
really can be effected to-night, I have a proposition
to make which I think will meet with unanimous
consent.
" Mr. Ritchie, Let us hear it.
"Mr. L. Myers. It is that the previous question
be considered as ordered on the pending bill, that
ail further proceedings under the call be dispensed
