•1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23?
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
to him a monthly statement of the ordinary
expenses of the mint or assay office under his
charge. He shall also appoint all assistants,
clerks, (one of whom shall be designated
'chief clerk,") and workmen employed under
his superintendence; but no person shall be
appointed to employment in the offices of the
assayer, melter and refiner, coiner, or en-
graver, except on the recommendation and
nomination in writing 6f those officers, re-
spectively; and he shall forthwith report to the
Director of the Mint the names of all persons
appointed by him, the duties to be performed,
the rate of compensation, the appropriation
from which compensation is to be made, and
the grounds of the appoint ment; and if the
Director of the Mint shall disapprove the same,
the appointment shall be vacated.
Sec. 6. That the assayer shall assay all
metals and bullion, whenever such assays are
required in" the operations of the Mint; he
shall also make assays of coins or samples of
bullion whenever required by the superintend-
ent.
Sec. 6. That the melter and refiner shall
execute all the operations which are necessary
in order to form ingots of standard silver or
gold, and alloys for minor coinage, suitable for
the coiner, from the metals legally delivered
to him for that purpose; and shall also exe-
cute all the operations which are necessary in
order to form bars conformable in all respects
to the law, from the gold and silver bullion
delived to him for that purpose. He shall
keep a careful record of all transactions with
the superintendent, noting the weight and
character of the bullion; and shall be respons-
ible for all bullion delivered to him until the
same is returned to thesuperintendent and the
proper vouchers obtained.
Sec. 7. That the coiner shall execute all the
operations which are necessary in order to
form coins, conformable in all respects to the
law, from the standard gold and silver ingots,
and alloys for minor coinage, legally delivered
to him for that purpose; and shall be respons-
ible for all bullion delivered to him, until the
same is returned to the superintendent and
the proper vouchers obtained.
Sec. 8. Thatthe engraver shall prepare from
the original dies a^eady authorized all the
working-dies required for use in the coinage
of the several mints, and, when new coins
or devices are authorized, shall, if required by
the Director of the Mint, prepare the devices,
models, molds, and matrices, or original dies,
for the same; but the Director of the Mint
shall nevertheless have power, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
engage temporarily for this purpose the ser-
vices of one or more artists distinguished in
their respective departments of art, who shall
be paid for such service from the contingent
appropriation for the Mint at Philadelphia.
Sec. 9. That whenever any officer of a mint
or assay office shall be temporarily absent, on
account of sickness or any other cause, it shall
be lawful for the superintendent, with the con-
sent of said .officer, to appoint some person
attached to the mint to act in the place of such
officer during his absence; but all such ap-
pointments shall be forthwith reported to the
Director of the Mint for his approval; and in
all cases whatsoever the principal shall be re-
sponsible for the acts of his representative. In
case of the temporary absence of the super-
intendent, the chief clerk shall act in his
place ; and in ease of the temporary absence
of the Director of the Mint, the Secretary of
the Treasury may designate some one to act in
his place.
Sec. 10. That every officer, assistant, and
clerk of the mint shall, before he enters upon
the execution of his office take an oath or
affirmation before some judge of the United
States, or judge of the superior court, or of
some court of record of any State, faithfully
and diligently to perform the duties thereof, in
addition to other official oaths prescribed by
law; which oaths, duly certified, shall be
transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury ;
and the superintendent of each mint may re-
quire such oath or affirmation from any of the
employes of the mint.
Sec. 11. That the superintendent, the as-
sayer, the melter and refiner, and the coiner
of each mint, before entering upon the exe-
cution of their respective offices, shall become
bound to the United States, with one or more
sureties, approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in the sum of not less than ten nor
more than fifty thousand dollars, with condition
for the faithful and diligent performance of
the duties of his office. Similar bonds may
be required of the assistants and clerks, in
such sums as the superintendent shall determ-
ine, with the approbation of the Director of
the Mint; but the same shall not be construed
to relieve the superintendent or other officers
from liability to the United States' for acts,
omissions, or negligence of their subordin-
ates or emp!oy6s: Provided, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, may, at his discretion,
increase the bonds of the superintendent.
Sec. 12. That there shall be allowed to the
Director of the Mint an annual salary of four
thousand five hundred dollars, and actual
necessary traveling expenses in visiting the
different mints and assay offices, for which
vouchers shall be rendered, to the superin-
tendents of the mints at Philadelphia and San
Francisco, each four thousand dollars; to the
assayers, melters, and refiners, and coiners at
said mints, each three thousand dollars; to
the engraver of the Mint at Philadelphia, three
thousand dollars; to the superintendent of the
mint at Carson City, three thousand dollars;
and to the assayer, to the melter and refiner,
and to the coiner of the mint at Carson City,
each two thousand five hundred dollars; to
the assistants and clerks such annual salary
shall be allowed as the Director of the Mint
shall determine, with the approbation of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and to the work-
men shall be allowed such wages, to be determ-
ined by the superintendent, as may be cus-
tomary and reasonable according to their
respective stations and occupations, and ap-
proved by the Director of the Mint; and the
salaries provided for in this section, and the
wages of the workmen permanently engaged,
shall be payable in monthly installments.
Sec. 13. That the standard for both gold and
silver coins of the United States shall be such
that of one thousand parts by weight nine hun-
dred shall be of pure metal and one hundred of
alloy; and the alloy of the silver coins shall
be of copper, and the alloy of the gold coins
shall be of copper, or of copper and silver;
but the silver shall in no case exceed one tenth
of the whole alloy.
Skc. 14. That the gold coins of the United
States shall be a one-dollar piece, which, at
the standard weight of twenty-five and eight
tenths grains, shall be the unit of value; a
quarter-eagle, or two-and-a half dollar piece ;
a three-dollar piece; a half-eagle, or five-dol-
lar piece; an eagle, or ten-dollar piece; and
a double-eagle, or twenty-dollar piece. And
the standard weight of the gold dollar shall be
twenty-five and eight tenths grains; of the
quarter-eagle, or two and-a-half dollar piece,
sixty-four and a half grains; of the three-
dollar piece, seventy-seven and four tenths
grains; of the half-eagle, or five-dollar piece,
one ^hundred and twenty-nine grains; of the
eagle, or ten-dollar piece, two hundred and
fifty-eight grains; of the double-eagle, or
twenty-dollar piece, live hundred and sixteen
grains; which coins shall be a legal tender in
all payments at their no.ninal value when not
below the standard weight and limit of toler-
ance provided in this act for the single piece,
and, when reduced in weight, below said stand-
ard and tolerance, shall be a legal tender at
valuation in proportion to their actual weight;
and any gold coin of the United States, if re-
duced in weight by natural abrasion not more
than one-half of one per centum below the
standard weight prescribed by law, after a
circulation of twenty years, as shown by its
date of coinage, and at a ratable proportion
for any period less thau twenty years, shall be
received at their nominal value by the United
States Treasury and its offices, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe for the protection of the Gov-
ernment against fraudulent abrasion or other
practices; and any gold coins in the Treasury
of the United States reduced in weight below
this limit of abrasion shall be recoined.
Sec. 15. That the silver coins of the United
States shall be a trade dollar, a half dollar, or
fifty-cent piece, a quarter dollar, or twenty-five-
cent piece, a dime, or ten-cent piece ; and the
weight of the trade dollar shall be four hun-
dred and twenty grains troy ; the weight of the
half dollar shall be twelve grams (grammes)
and one half of a gram, (gramme;) the quar-
ter-dollar and the dime shall be respectively,
one half and on-fifth of the weight of said half-
dollar ; and said coins shall be a legal tender
' at their nominal value for any amount not ex-
ceeding five dollars in any one payment.
Sec. 16. That the minor coins of the United
States shall be a five-cent piece, a three-cent
piece, and a one-cent piece, and the alloy for
the five and three-cent pieces shall be of cop-
per and nickel, to be composed of three fourths
copper and one fo.urth nickel, and the alloy of
the one-cent piece shall be ninety-five per
centum of copper and five per centum of tin
and zinc, in such proportions as -shall be de-
termined by the Director of the Mint. The
weight of the piece of five cents shall be sev-
enty-seven and sixteen hundredths grains,
troy; of the three-cent piece, thirty grains ;
and of the one-cent piece, forty-eight grains ;
which coins shall be a legal tender, at their
nominal value, for any amount not exceeding
twenty-five cents in any one payment.
Sec. 17. That nocoins, either of gold, silver,
or minor coinage, shall hereafter be issued
from the Mint other than those of the denomi-
nations, standards, and weights herein set
forth.
Sec. 18. That upon the coins of the United
States there shall be the following devices and
legends: upon one side there shall be an im-
pression emblematic of liberty, with an inscrip-
tion of the word " Liberty" and the year of the
coinage, and upon the reverse shall be the
figure or representation of an eagle, with the
inscriptions "United States of America" and
"E Pluribns Unum," and a designation of the
value of the coin ; but on the gold dollar and
three-dollar piece, the dime, five, three, and
one cent piece the figure of the eagle shall be
omitted ; and on the reverse of the silver trade
dollar, the weight and fineness of the coin shall
be inscribed; and the Director of the Mint,
with the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, may cause the motto "In God we trust"
to be inscribed upon such coins as shall admit
of such motto; and any one of the foregoing
inscriptions may be on the rijn of the gold and
silver coins.
Sec. 19. That at the option of the owner,
gold or silver may be cast into bars of fine
metal, or of standard fineness, or imparted, as
he may prefer, with a stamp upon the.same
designating the weight and fineness, and with
such devices impressed thereon as may be
deemed expedient to prevent fraudulent imita-
tion, and no such bars shall be issued of a less
weight than five ounces.
Sec. 20. That any owner of gold bullion may
deposit the same at any mint, to be formed into
