238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
coin or bars for his benefit; but it shall be law-
ful to refuse any deposit of less value than one
hundred dollars, or any bullion so base as to
be unsuitable for the operations of the Mint;
and when gold and silver are combined, if
either metal be in such small proportion that
it cannot be separated advantageously, no
allowance shall be made to the depositor for
its value.
Sec. 21. That any owner of silver bullion
may deposit the same at any mint, to be formed
into bars, or into dollars of the weight of four
hundred and twenty grains, troy, designated in
this act as trade dollars, and no deposit of silver
for other coinage shall be received; but silver
bullion contained in gold deposits, and separ-
ated therefrom, may be paid for in silver coin,
at such valuation as may be, from time to time,
established by the Director of the Mint.
Sec. 22. That when bullion is deposited in
any of the mints, it shall be weighed by the
superintendent, and, when practicable, in the
presence of the depositor, to whom a receipt
shall be given, which shall state th  descrip-
tion and weight of the bullion; but when the
bullion is in such a state as to require melting,
or the removal of base metals, before its value
can be ascertained, the weight,.after such oper-
ation, shall be considered as the true weight of
the bullion deposited. The fitness of the bul-
lion to be received shall be determined by the
assayer, and the mode of melting by the melter
and refiner.
Sec. 23. That from every parcel of bullion
deposited for coinage or bars, the superintend-
ent shall deliver to the assayer a sufficient por-
tion for the purpose of being assayed, but all
such bullion remaining from the operations of
the assay shall be returned to the superintend-
ent, by the assayer.
Sec. 24. That the assayer shall report to the
superintendent the quality or fineness of the
bullion assayed by him, and such information
as will enable him to compute the amount of
the charges hereinafter provided for, to be
made to the depositor.
Sec. 25. That the charge for converting
standard gold bullion into coin shall be one
fifth of one per centum; and the charges for
converting standard silver into trade dollars,
for melting and refining when bullion is below
standard, for toughening when metals are con-
tained in it which render it unfit for coinage,
for copper used for alloy when the bullion is
above standard, for separating the gold and
silver when these metals exist together in the
bullion, and for the preparation of bars, shall
be fixed, from time to time, by the Director,
with the concurrence of the Secretary of the
Treasury, so as to equal but not exceed, in their
judgment, the actual average cost to each mint
and assay office of the material, labor, wastage,
and use of machinery employed iu each of the
cases aforementioned.
Sec. 26. That the assayer shall verify all cal-
culations made by the superintendent of the
value of deposits, and, if satisfied of the cor-
rectness thereof, shall countersign the certifi-
cate required to be given by the superintend-
ent to the depositor.
Seo. 27. That in order to procure bullion for
the silver coinage authorized by this act, the
superintendents, with the approval of the
Director of the Mint, as to price, terms, and
quantity, shall purchase such bullion with the
bullion fund. The gain arising from the coin-
age of such silver bullion into coin of a nom-
inal value exceeding the cost thereof shall be
credited to a special fund denominated the
silver-profit fund. This fund shall be charged
with the wastage incurred in the silver coin-
age, and with the expense of distributing said
coins as hereinafter provided. The balance to
the credit of this fund shall be from time to
time, and at least twice a year, paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Seo. 28. That silver coins other than the
trade dollar shall be paid out at the several
mints, and at the assay office in New York
city, in exchange for gold coins at par, in sums
not less than one hundred dollars; and it shall
be lawful, also, to transmit parcels of the same,
from time to time, to the Assistant Treasurers,
depositaries, and other officers of the United
States, under general regulations proposed by
the Director of the Mint, and approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury; but nothing herein
contained shall prevent the payment of silver
coins, at their nominal value, for silver parted
from gold, as provided in this act, or for change
less than one dollar in settlement for gold
deposits: Provided, That for two years after
the passage of this act, silver coins shall be
paid at the Mint in Philadelphia and the assay
offioe in New York city for silver bullion pur-
chased for coinage, under such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Director of the Mint,
and approved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Seo. 29. That for the purchase of metal for
the minor coinage authorized by this act, a
sum not exceeding fifty thousand dollars in
lawful money of the United States shall be
transferred by the Secretary of the Treasury
to the credit of the superintendent of the Mint
at Philadelphia, at which establishment only,
until otherwise provided by law, such coinage
shall be carried on. The superintendent, with
the approval of the Director of the Mint as to
price, terms, and quantity, shall purchase the
metal required for such coinage by public
advertisement, and the lowest and best bid
shall be accepted, the fineness of the metals
to ba determined on the Mint assay. The
gain arising from the coinage of such metals
into coin of a nominal value, exceeding the
cost thereof, shall be credited to the special
fund denominated the minor coinage profit
fund ; and this fund ghall be charged with the
wastage incurred in such coinage, and with
the cost of distributing said coins as herein-
after provided. The balance remaining to the
credit of this fund, and any balance of profits
accrued from minor coinage under former acts,
shall be, from time to time, and at least twice
a year, covered into the Treasury of the
United States.
Sec. SO. That the minor coins authorized by
this act may, at the' discretion of the Director
of the Mint, be delivered in any of the prin-
cipal cities and towns of the United States, at
the cost of the Mint, for transportation, and
shall be exchangeable at par at the Mint in
Philadelphia, at the discretion of the superin-
tendent, for any other coins of copper, bronze,
or copper-nickel heretofore authorized by law;
and it shall- be lawful for the Treasurer and the
several Assistant Treasurers and depositaries
of the United States to redeem, in lawful,
money, under such rules as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, all copper,
bronze, and copper-nickel coins authorized by
law when presented in sums of not less than
twenty dollars; and whenever, under this
authority, these coins are presented for re-
demption in such quantity as to show the
amount outstanding to be redundant, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is authorized and re-
quired to direct that such coinage shall cease
until otherwise ordered by him.
Sec. 81. That parcels of bullion shall be,
from time to time, transferred by the superin-
tendent to the melter and refiner; a careful
record of these transfers, noting the weight and
character of the bullion, shall be kept, and
vouchers shall be taken for the delivery of the
same, duly receipted by the melter and refiner,
and the bullion thus placed in the hands of
the melter and refiner shall be subjected to
the several processes which may be necessary
to form it into ingots of the legal standard,
and of a quality suitable for coinage.
Sec. 32. That the ingots so prepared shall
be assayed; and if they prove tcf be within
the limits allowed for deviation from the stand-
ard, the assayer shall certify the fact to the
superintendent, who shall thereupon receipt
for the same, and transfer them to the coiner.
Seo. 83. That no ingots shall be« used for
coinage which differ from the legal standard
more than the following proportions, namely :
in gold ingots, one, thousandth; in silver
ingots, three thousandths; in minor coinage
alloys, twenty-five thousandths, in the propor-
tion of nickel.
Sec. 34. That the melter and refiner shall
prepare all bars required for the payment of
deposits; but the fineness thereof shall be as-
certained and stamped thereon by the assayer;
and the melter and refiner shall deliver su'ch
bars to the superintendent, who shall receipt
for the same.
Seo. 35. That the superintendent shall', from
time to .time, deliver to the coiner ingots for
the purpose of coinage ; a careful record of
these transfers, noting the weight and charac-
ter of the bullion, shall be kept, and vouchers
shall be taken for the delivery of the same,
duly receipted by the coiner; and the ingots
thus placed in the hands of the coiner shall be
subjected to the several processes necessary to
make from them coins in all respects conform-
able to law.
Sec. 36. That in adjusting the weights of the
gold coins, the following deviations shall not
be exceeded in any single piece: in the double
eagle and the eagle, one half of a grain ; in the
half-eagle, the three-dollar piece, the quarter-
eagle, and the one-dollar piece, one fourth of
a grain. And in weighing a number of pieces
together, when delivered by the eoiner to the
superintendent, and by the superintendent to
the depositor, the deviation from the standard
weight shall not exceed one hundredth of an
ounce in five thousand dollars in double eagles,
eagles, half eagles, or quarter eagles, in one
thousand three-dollar pieces, and in one thou-
sand one-dollar pieces.
Sec. 37. That in' adjusting the weight of the
silver coins the following deviations shall not
be exfceeded in any single piece: in the dol-
lar, the half and quarter dollar, and in the
dime, one and one half grains; and in weigh-
ing large numbers of pieces together, when
delivered by the coiner to the superintendent,
and by the superintendent to the depositor,
the deviations from the standard weight shall
not exceed two hundredths of ati ounce in one
thousand dollars, half-dollars, or quarter dol-
lars, and one hundredth of an ounce in one
thousand dimes.
Sec. 38. That in adjusting the weight of the
minor coins provided by this act, there shall
be no greater deviation allowed than three
grains for the five-cent piece and two grains
for the three and one-cent pieces.
Sec. 39. That the coiner shall, from time
to time, as coins are prepared, deliver them to
the superintendent, who shall receipt for the
same, and who shall keep a careful record of
their kind, number, and actual weight; and in
receiving coins it shall be the duty of the super-
intendent to ascertain, by the trial of a number
of single pieces separately, whether the coins
of that delivery are within the legal limits of
the standard weight; and if his trials for this
purpose shall not prove satisfactory, he shall
cause all the coins of such delivery to be
weighed separately, and such as are not of
legal weight shall be defaced and delivered to
the melter and refiner as "Standard bullion, to
be again formed into ingots and recoined ; or
the whole delivery may, if more convenient,
be remelted.
Seo. 40. That at every delivery of coins made
by the eoiner to a superintendent, it shall be
the duty of such superintendent, in the pres-
ence of the assayer, to take indiscriminately a
certain number of pieces of each variety for
