574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
and ask Congress to repeal it? Why was it
not done during all the long session last year?
Why wait until the mind of the country is so
inflamed that when the Credit Mobilier or the
Union Pacific railroad is mentioned it is
like shaking a red rag in the face of a mad
bull and when everybody is trying to show
his own virtue by denouncing every one con-
nected with those Organizations ? _ I say now
that while the legislation was objectionable,
the laws of 1862 and of 1864, as decided by
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate and as
determined by the language of the laws them-
selves, provided, as nearly all the best lawyers
who took part in the debates agreed, that our
only right was to retain one half. I speak of
these matters because neither I nor any kins-
man of mine, no colleague or constituent of
mine, as far as I know or believe, knew any-
thing about the Credit Mobilier or owns any
stock in either of these companies. Last
Monday we passed all sorts of resolutions
about these companies and the country thought
we were doing wonders, when the fact is, on
the 10th of April, 1869, Congress had not only
passed a law authorizing the bonds of the
United States to be held back, but had in-
structed the Attorney General thus in the
following language:
" That the Attorney General of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to in-
vestigate whether or not the charter and all the
franchises of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
and of the Central Pacific Railroad Company have
not been forfeited, and to institute all necessary
and proper legal proceedings; also to investigate
whether or not said companies have or have not
made any illegal dividends upon their stock, and if
so, to institute the necessary proceedings to have the
same reimbursed ; and also to investigate whether
any of the directors or any other agents or em-
ployes of said companies have or not violated any
penal law, and if so, to institute the proper criminal
proceedings against all persons who have violated
such laws."
Why has not that been done? If there was
anything wrong, why did not the Attorney
General sue these companies? We have the
legal right to sue, why do we not do it ? Why
did not this House order the Attorney General
to sue these companies last Monday if we be-
lieved we had the right to demand this interest
from these companies? I am not responsible
for the legislation of 1862 or of 1864. But
when I find the law saying that we shall retain
only one half, I deny the power of this House
in violation of the obligation of contract to
take away the right these people have under
these contracts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] before he pro-
ceeds to permit me to put a question to the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection if it
is not taken out of my time.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to state to the House
whether I was in the House during this time,
or out of it on a conference committee.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] then chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, and
my colleague on that committee from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] and some other member of
the House, were then on a committee of con-
ference considering the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill, which required
three committees of conference to settle ; and
every moment of his time was occupied upon
that committee. I know that.
Mr. DAWES. Permit me to put another
inquiry to the gentleman from Kentucky. The
gentleman has stated that I was absent from
the House on a committee of conference. I
would also like to have him state whether this
bill to which reference is now made when it
came back from the Senate was referred at all
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. It was not. The
motion was made by Judge Dickey to have
a committee of conference appointed at once,
it being then the 2d day of March.
Mr. RANDALL. It is quite true, as the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] states,
that I used the word "surreptitious." It ia
also true, as he states, that I promptly made
the statement that I was impersonal in the
use of that term. I meant to apply it to the
manner and the character and the mode of
legislation in connection with this railroad. I
am unwilling that the quotation which has been
made by the gentleman from Kentucky from the
Senate report and from the law shall go forth
from this House to the country without some
qualification.
I want to say that when the Secretary of the
Treasury, Mr. Boutwell, came in conflict with
these immense railroad corporations, to his
honor be it said, that he acted as he should have
acted, and stood by and defended the best
interests of the Government. So soon as Mr.
Boutwell came in conflict with these corpora-
tions, in which position he was fully sustained
by the opinion of his Solicitor, Mr. Banfield,
and subsequently by the then Attorney General
of the United States, Mr. Akerman, those
railroads by their agents and other officers
hastened to this end of the avenue.
If the position taken by the gentleman from
Kentucky to-day has any validity in law, then
I repeat the question to him, why was it re-
quired to insert that clause in the Army appro-
priation bill? There was no occasion what-
ever, if these rights were secured to those com-
panies under the then existing law, to dupli-
cate the law. In reference to this question my
motive and my wish are simply these, and I
believe that is the purpose of those with whom
I act, to put the Government back where Mr.
Boutwell found it, and allow Mr. Boutwell
again, without the interference of Congress, to
contend with these railroad companies.
A word as to our not making this issue until
long subsequent to the enactment of this clause.
I have to say that so far as I am concerned,
when this bill came back from the Senate with
this amendment, and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] moved to non-con-
cur in the amendment, I moved to reconsider
and lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table, so that I might clinch the matter and
kill this very clause, and also some other
clauses in the bill which I conceived to be
injurious and objectionable. Subsequently,
through the partiality of the Speaker, I was
appointed a member of the committee of con-
ference on the deficiency bill; and the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] will do me
the justice to say that when he made his state-
ment I was not in the House, as the record will
show.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. In regard to
that, I desire to say that my examination of
the record leads me to believe that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] was
at that time out of the House on a conference
committee upon the deficiency bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Now, sir, I have never
in the whole course of this debate upon the
Pacific railroad question thrust myself forward
in any manner as condemnatory of any indi-
vidual. At the opening of this session, upon
your own motion, Mr. Speaker, a committee
was appointed whose duty it was to investigate
that subject in so far as individual members
of the House may be concerned ; and the rules
and proprieties of the House have forbidden
me to allude to what may have been taking
place in that investigating committee. But,
sir, my purpose has been a direct one; and
gentlemen who may have followed me in my
course will find that I have uniformly directed
my efforts to the recovery of the money due
by these railroads to the Government and the
people.
In conclusion, I have only to say that this
whole question, stripped of all its incumbrances,
lies in a nut-shell. The question simply is
whether this House will repeal that clause in
the Army appropriation bill, leaving these
roads to settle their controversy as they may
with Mr. Boutwell, whom I believe to be an
honest and an upright officer ; and then who-
ever may suffer will suffer under the just dis-
pensation of the law.
Mr. SARGENT and Mr. DICKEY ad-
dressed the Chair.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DJCKEY. I renew it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me suggest
that the amendment of the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] had better be
submitted, and then we shall have the ques-
tion in a proper shape for discussion.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment must be disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
it is withdrawn.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdrew it simply for
the purpose of allowing my colleague [Mr.
Dickey] to renew it, so that he might have the
floor.
Mr. HIBBARD. I offer the following amend-
ment :
That the ninth section of an act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3,1871, is hereby repealed; and it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
apply all such sums of money as are now or shall
become due to either of the Pacific railroad com-
panies embraced within the provision of sairl section
from the United States for the transportation of,
troops, supplies, mails, or otherwise, to the payment
of the indebtedness of such company to the United
States for interest paid bytheUnited States on bonds
issued for the benefit of said company.
Mr. WHEELER. In order to get the whole
subject before the House, I ask leave to offer
the following as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hibbard:]
Add to the amendment the following:
Provided, That this repeal shall not take effect
until the Attorney General of the United States
shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury that
the railroad companies, or either of them, created
by the act of July 1, 1862, or July 2, 1864, or either
of said acts, are liable under said acts, or either of
them, to the Government for any amount of interest
paid by the Government upon the bonds issued in
aid of said companies or either of them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this provision is not in order, inasmuch
as it is new and independent legislation ; and
the fact that it is germane to the pending
proposition does not make it in order, because
the pending amendment is made in order by
a suspension of the rules.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say that there
is no new legislation involved in that amend-
ment. It is the duty of the Attorney General
under the law to decide all questions which
are officially submitted to him ; and my amend-
ment simply proposes to delay the operation
of the amendment of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] if it shall become
a law, until such time as the opinion .of the
Attorney General shall be certified to the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust I will be heard in
full in stating my point of order. My point
of order is this: it is not whether this amend-
ment is germane to the pending proposition,
but whether it is germane to the bill. To be
sure it is proposed to be attached to this pro-
vision which has been made admissible in the
Committee of the Whole to this appropriation
bill under a suspension of the rules and by a
vote in the House. Thequestidn is not whether
it is germane to that pending proposition which
is here under a suspension of the rules and by
a vote of the House, but whether it is in order
or has any reference to this general appropria-
tion bill such as to allow it to be offered under
the rules of the House. Is it such an amend-
ment as is in order to this appropriation bill?
That is the question, and not whether it is
germane to the pending proposition.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say that it changes no law whatever, but
