1873.
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
1539
tad suspended proceedings under the call of
the House, it was just as competent for the
Chair to entertain that proposition by unani-
mous consent as it was for the Speaker to
entertain it after repeated votes in the House
had disclosed the fact that there was no quorum
present.
I desire to say just one word further. I
treated this as not being done while the doors
were closed, but as being done after the pro-
ceedings under the call of the House had been
suspended and the doors were opened.
The SPEAKER. The record shows the two
acts to have been contemporaneous.
Mr. POLAND. They were pretty near
together, I admit. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. And the gentleman from
Vermont will observe the difference. It is very
often the case that business will proceed in
the House with less than a quorum present.
But the point not being made and the doors
being open, the Chair infers that a quorum
may be present on the next vote; in other
words, until there is an absolute record of the
House that no quorum is present, the pre-
sumption is that a quorum is present.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 3721) for the relief of
the widow of Alexander F. Crossman, de-
ceased, late commander United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 3612) to relieve from
disabilities W. R. Boggs, of Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of
Joseph Wescott, of Portland, Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 3326) for the relief of set-
tlers on the late Sioux Indian reservation in
the State of Minnesota ;
An act (H. R. No. 2520) granting a pension
to Thomas Lunney;
An act (H. R. No. 2552) granting a pension
to James McAlfee;
An act (H. R. No. 2527)granting a pension
to Deborah Witham;
An act (H. R. No. 2522) granting a pension
to Judith Dunham;
An act (H. R. No. 3514) for the relief of Wil-
liam Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Maryland ;
An act (H. R. No. 3628) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell the custom-
house property at Plymouth, North Carolina ;
An act (H. R. No. 2521) granting a pension
to John Green wait;
An act (H. R No. 2518) granting a pension
to George W. Swartz;
An act (H. R. No. 3366) for the relief of
Henry B. Mears;
An act (H. R. No. 3702) to declare the true
intent and meaning of the act approved June
8, 1872, amendatory of the general bankrupt
law; and
An act (H. R. No. 2864) for the relief of
John W. Mears, administrator of the estate
of Henry D. Mears, deceased, and of William
Moulton, jr.
EXPENSES OP WAR OP 1812.
Mr. TERRY. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the bill (H. R. No. 2354)
to provide for the recomputation of the ac-
counts between the United States and the sev-
eral States growing out of moneys expended
by said States in the war of 1812 be passed.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—ayes 101, noes 52; not two thirds in
favor of the motion.
Mr. TERRY. I call for tellers.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. We may as well
have the yeas and nays at once.
Mr. McGREW. I ask that the bill be read.
Some of us do not know what it is.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reading of the bill 1
Mr. BANKS. There can be none; we have
a right to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the
proper accounting officers be authorized and
instructed to examine the accounts between
the United States and the several States,
growing out of moneys expended by such
States for military purposes in the war of
1812 with Great Britain, and apply in each
examination the provisions and principles
of the twelfth section of the act of March 3,
1657, making appropriations for certain civil
expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1858, and that there be paid to
such States any sums that shall be found to
be due them out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
the point of order on that bill that it contains
an appropriation and must have its first con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to bring it
before the House under a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
make a suggestion to save time. There were
nearly or quite a hundred members here last
night who understood they would have a right
to consider this bill this morning, and I think
they feel that it is not quite in good faith for
us to cut them out of the expectation they had
at that time. I hope that we will not waste
the whole day, or a great portion of it, in
the ill-feeling that is likely to be raised. I trust
that by unanimous consent we will allow this
bill to come before the House and be debated
for an hour, with the understanding that at the
end of that time the vote shall be taken on the
bill. I am wholly opposed to this bill, but I
make this proposition in order to keep faith
with gentlemen, and to forward the public
l)U81tl6SS
Mr. TERRY. That is satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels impelled
to say—and he says it, because his ruling has
cut off those interested in this bill from the
opportunity for its consideration which they
supposed they had secured—that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] seems to him to be a very fair one.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. That is all we ask.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see how
one hundred and forty members, being more
than a majority of this House, are bound by
any proceedings of a minority.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. They were
bound to be here and attending to the business
of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, what obliga-
tion is there resting upon us who were not
here last night to bring this bill before the
House at this time?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. You should
have been here last night.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am disposed to
fight everything I am opposed to from the very
beginning. Therefore as I am opposed to
taking millions out of the Treasury in this way,
I shall endeavor to prevent this bill from
coming before the House at this time.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is debate in order
at this time ?
Mr. DAWES. I was sick and unable to be
here last night, and therefore I do not know
what transpired here at that time. But I sug-
gest to my friend from Illinois [Mr. Fabns-
worth] that there is some sort of rule to be
followed in fighting measures. I would sug-
gest to him that nothing is to be gained by
hitting under the belt, if I may use a figure
suggested by the language of the gentleman.
I think that the proposition to discuss this bill
for an hour and then to take the vote upon it, is
not an unreasonable one. And in view of the
condition of the business of the House, I hope
that proposition will be acquiesced in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose every
man who is in favor of this bill is in favor of
bringing it before the House for discussion.
For one, I am opposed to it.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Terry] thaf the rules
be suspended so as to bring this bill before the
House, to be open to discussion for one hour.
_ Mr. PETERS. The time to be equally
divided between the friends and the opponents
of this bill.
Mr. TERRY. Certainly. That is agreed to.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 171, nays 25, not voting 44; as
follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B.
Beck, Bell. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James Gt. Blair,
Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Buffin-
ton, Bunnell, Burdett, Boderick R. Butler, Cald-
well, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Con-
ner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crocker, Cross]and,
Davis, Dawes, Dodds, Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Duke,
Dimnell, Barnes, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Esty, Far-
well, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Gets!, Giddings.Griffith,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Hnrmer, Harper, George E.Harris, John T.
Harris, Havens, Joseph R. Hawley, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazeiton, John W. Hazeiton, llibbard, Hill, Hoar,
Holman, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Maoln-
tyre, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee,
McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblaok,
William E. Niblack, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W,
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Perry.
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter, Price, Rainey,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Slioldon,
Sherwood, Shober, Sloss, H. Boaraman Smith, John
A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Speer,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stougliton,
Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Terry,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthili,
Twichell, Tyner. Van Trump, Vaughan, Voor-
hees, Waddell, Wallace, Warren, Wells. Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—171.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Beatty, Austin Blair, Bur-
chard, Duell, Farnsworth, Charles Foster, Jobn B.
Hawley, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Merriam, Monroe,
Orr. Packard, Peck. Ellis H. Roberts, William R.
Roberts, Sprague, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wil-
son—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barber, Barnum,
Bigby, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell,
Carroll, Coghlan, Creeiy, Darrall, Dickey, Forker,
Golladay, Goodrich, Halsey, Hay, Hereford, Hern-
don. Hooper, Killinger, Kinseila, Lansing, McCrary,
McNeely, Moore, Morey, Morgan, Prindle, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheilabarger, Shoemaker, Slater,
Slocum, Snapp, Storm, Swann, Taffe, Dwight 1'wwn-
send. Upson, Williams of New York, and Jeremiah
M. Wilson—44.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds
voting in favor thereof,) and the bill was
before the House.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
debate is to be allowed on this bill for an
hour. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Terry] is entitled to the floor. The hour
begins at ten minutes past twelve o'clock.
Mr. TERRY. A short time since I caused
to be printed and laid upon the desks of
every member of this House a brief statement,
of the facts in this case. I did that when I
was under the impression that I might have
to move to suspend the rules and pass the
bill for want of time to reach it upon the
regular call of the committee. I hope gentle-
meu have read that statement and made them-
selves acquainted with the facts therein set
forth.
I will now briefly state the object of this
bill, and its scope and effect. In the war of
1812, a number of States, among them Massa-
chusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, South Carolina, and the
State of Tennessee, and the city of Baltimore,
made advances in the way of furnishing sup-
plies, equipments, &c., for their troops tha<
were in the field. That was done upon the
understanding that the Government would
repay the expenditures of the States; and
after the war was over, the principal of the
claims of all the States except Massachusetts
was settled. The interest, however, was not
paid at first upon any of these claims. In
1825, I think, the first bill was passed pro-
viding for the payment of interest, but not
specifying any rule by which it should be
