1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
simply fixes the time when the law shall take
effect. It is perfectly germane to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hibbard.] It only fixes the time when
it shall take effect.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Chairman, it is due
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] and to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] who offered amendments on this
subject on Saturday, that whatever credit
belongs to the origination of this proposition
as an amendment to the pending bill should
be awarded to them. It has been offered by
me because on yesterday my State was entitled
to the floor and I introduced a bill for the
repeal of the ninth section of the Army appro-
priation act of March 3, 1871, and because
upon that bill going over at the expiration of
the morning hour the House, on my motion,
suspended the rules to permit the pending
amendment to be moved. I have not given
such attention to this question as to claim to
be the champion of the proposition at all.
But I understand that by the original act of
July 1, 1862, incorporating the Union Pacific
and the Central Pacific railroads, it was pro-
vided that the United States, to aid in the con-
struction of the roads, should issue to those
companies thirty-year bonds to the amount of
$16,000 per mile, and for a portion of the
route to a larger amount, and that—
"All compensation for services rendered for the
Government shall be applied to the payment of said
bonds and interest until the whole amount is fully
paid."
By the amendatory act of July 2,1864, it was
provided that—
" Only one half of the compensation for services
" rendered for the Government by said companies
shall be required to be applied to the payment of the
bonds issued by the Government in aid of the con-
struction of said roads."
The Secretary of the Treasury construed this
to entitle him to make application to the inter-"
est account of the entire sums due to these
< Pacific railroad companies for services ren-
' dered to the Government.
The provision in the act of 1864, it will be
observed, did not refer to "interest," but
provided that only half the compensation for
services to the Government should be applied
to the payment of "the bonds." This mat-
ter was referred, as has been stated, to the
Attorney General, (Mr. Akerman,) who made
an elaborate report on it in December, 1870.
He construed the act upon the principles
which are applicable to the construction of
instruments, that being doubtful and being in
the nature substantially of a bounty granted
by the Government, it must be construed in
favor" of the donor. For various reasons,
which I have not time to detail, he decided
that the Secretary was right in his construc-
tion, a construction also which the First
Comptroller had adopted. In substance, the
Attorney General decided that the whole sum
due for transportation of troops, mails, &c.,
was applicable to the payment of interest, if
the interest had not been paid; but if the
interest had been paid, then that the terms of
the law of 1864, of applying one half to the
payment of the bonds, would apply to the
matter of the principal.
From the last statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury it appears that the amount of
interest paid by the United States on these
various Pacific railroad bonds prior to the 31st
day of December. 1872, is $16,570,575 54,
and the amount of interest repaid by applying
one half the sums due for transportation of
mails, &c., $4,006,002 35, leaving a balance of
unpaid interest of $12,564,573 19. The sum
which the Secretary of the Treasury, by virtue
of the amendment to the Army appropriation
bill, has conceded to the railroads is this sum,
therefore, of $4,006,002 35, being the other
half of the amount due them for services
rendered to the Government. The sum of
$1,938,705 36, being the amount of interest
which accrued prior to the 31st day of Decem-
ber last, but not yet paid, is not, embraced in
the foregoing statement.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, I \?as the
chairman of the comihittee of conference which
reported this bill to the House; and I desire
to be briefly heard. I am relieved of much I
designed to say by what has been stated by my
colleague on that committee, the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who has stated
it more concisely, more clearly, and with more
force than 1 could do. I will state to the
House that in that Committee on Appropri-
ations, as well as in the present Committee on
Appropriations, no Army bill can come to the
House with any new legislation on it; and in
no case upon any Army bill reported to this
House, either in that House or in this House,
have the rules been suspended to enable new
legislation to be placed on it. It is equally
true no Army appropriation bill, or indeed
scarcely any appropriation bill, passes this
House, however strict our rules may be, which
has not contained new legislation placed on it
by the Senate. It has been the source of con-
stant dispute between the Senate and the
House. Our rules do not control their action,
and at the close of the session, to save the
appropriation bills, this House is constantly
yielding to the Senate.
I do not propose to state from memory what
occurred here on the passage of the Army
appropriation bill. The record is before the
House. The record shows that non-concur-
rence in the Senate amendments sent those
amendments to the committee of conference
without objection. That motion to non-con-
c ur and appoint a committee of conference
was reconsidered, and the motion to recon-
sider laid upon the table, the motion being
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall.] The conference committee
took that bill, and we found two Senate amend-
ments, embracing new legislation. It came
back to the House, conceding to the Senate
and yielding to that legislation as modified.
; The first amendment related to the commis-
i sion of claims. That was modified by the
committee of conference by adopting a bill
which that day or the day before had passed
the House. A saving clause was offered to the
; amendment, reserving the right to the United
States put on the Senate amendment. The
1 committee of conference made a written report
which was read at the Clerk's desk. The
: gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] and the
, gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] fully
! explained both amendments as loudly, as dis-
\ tinctly, and as earnestly as the gentleman from
i Kentucky has spoken in the hearing of the
House within the last fifteen minutes. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] asked
that the amendments to which the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] had not re-
ferred to, and which had not been read, be read
for the information of the House. He never
asked that these two amendments be read. The
record, however, shows that they were read.
The record is not now under consideration. The
only two amendments which did not affect the
amount of the appropriation was the amend-
ment relating to the claims, and the other
wa3 in reference to these Pacific railroads.
And the gentleman asked to have read the
other amendments, that is, the amendments
other than this one, as the record shows. I
speak from memory, but my memory agrees
with the record. I stated that except these
two amendments, the report of the committee
of conference would save some $70,000.
Then the gentleman from Indiana asked to
have them read. I quote from the record in
the Globe, as follows:
"Mr. Holman. The amendments of the Senate
have never been read to the House, and 1 ask that
they be now reported.
" Mr. Dickky. I will state again to the gentleman
that the effect of the amendments of the Senate, so
far as relates to the appropriations, is to reduce the
appropriations $70,000.
" Mr. Holman. Let us have them read."
What did he want to have read ? The amend-
ments that reduced the appropriations. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] had
previously stated :
"I ask that the amendments, with the exception
of those which have been read this evening, may
now be read."
What were the amendments which had been
read that evening? Those spoken of by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and
discussed by him and explained by him as the
organ of the committee. What he asked to
have read were the amendments other than
those. This the records show. I do not speak
from my own recollection merely, though my
recollection is fortified by the record made by
the Globe.
Now, Bir, I desire to make one other re-
mark. My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] has undertaken to say something
about surreptitious legislation. He calls it
" impersonal, surreptitious legislation." Now,
what kind of legislation an " impersonal, sur-
reptitious" legislation is I do not know, unless
the gentleman from Pennsylvania means that
he not being in his seat, but being in attend-
ance on a committee of conference, deems. I
suppose, all" legislation surreptitious in this
House when he is not here, and for the same
reason calls it impersonal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I should like to have five
minutes more.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to the gentleman having another five
minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope he will have four
minutes, leaving me one minute to dispose of
him.
Mr. DICKEY. I have no doubt the gentle-
man could dispose of me in half a minute.
Mr. RANDALL. That is all I shall ask.
Mr. DICKEY. As this is a personal matter,
and as I have received a dispatch which will
call me away immediately, so that I may not
have an opportunity to participate in this de-
bate, I ask that the floor be yielded to me for
five minutes longer.
There was no objection.
Mr. DICKEY. Having said so much in
regard to the manner in which this legislation
was put upon the Army bill, I desire now to
say a single word upon the merits. I am will-
ing to stand by the record in this case. I
stood by the committee of conference in op-
posing the insertion of this amount in the bill,
because I was opposed to that kind of legisla-
tion. But the thing itself I believed then to be
right, and I believe it now. I believe that the
Government of the United States is entitled to
retain but one half the moneys due the rail-
road companies for the transportation of mails.
I believe that was the law of 1864. I believe the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate were right.
I believe the great legal minds in the Senate,
Thurman, Trumbull, Carpenter, the great
lawyers in the Senate, were right. I believe
that Attorney General Akertnan, notwith-
standing his great wisdom, was wrong. I
believe the practice of this Government under
Secretary McCulloch was right.
Mr. RANDALL. Does not the gentleman
know that the issue in this matter was made
after McCulloch left office?
Mr. DICKEY. Does not -my colleague
know that one half of the price of transport-
ation was paid over on these roads as they
were completed, mile by mile ?
Mr. RANDALL. What I said was that the
issue between the Government and these roads
never came up while Mr. McCulloch was Sec-
retary. It first came up in Mr. Boutwell's
time.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Boutwell, no doubt,
raised the question and took the opinion of
