576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Attorney General Akerman. And I beg to
say that I was profoundly convinced of the
unsoundness of Mr. Akerman's opinion by
reading that opinion itself. I did not require,
to form that judgment, to read the argument
of the counsel, the former Attorney General,
Mr. Hoar. I was so thoroughly and entirely
convinced that there was not a scintilla of
legal learning in that whole opinion of Mr.
Akerman that I was quite satisfied the other
party was right.
But a practical question has been asked,
and it is a proper question in reference to this
legislation—why was it necessary, if the act of
1864 gave these people their rights, why was
it necessary to pass the act of 1871 ? Why,
sir, the United States had this money. These
railroad companies could not sue the United
States. You already had on your statute-
book, under the act of 1869, a power given to
the Attorney General to sue these companies
for this interest, and for any and everything.
But they could not sue the United States, and
what would be the result? While Mr. Bout-
well has been Secretary of the Treasury, one
Attorney General, Mr. Akerman, has decided
that these parties were not entitled to what
they claim, while another, Mr. Williams, as
a Senator, has decided that they were entitled.
The administration under Mr. McCulloch had
decided that they were entitled; under Mr.
Boutwell that they were not.
Now, this is a judicial question. It is a legal
question. It ought to be determined judicially,
determined legally. And there is an amend-
ment which has been offered to the amendment
of the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hibbard] which provides for this. I would put
the burden of proof on them, but I would allow
them to come into the Supreme Court ofthe Uni-
ted States to have this legal question determ-
ined. Do not attempt to determine it by the
opinion of an Attorney General. Do not at-
tempt to override the opinion of the ablest law-
yers in the Senate of the United States, and in
the United States. Do not undertake, as my
friend from Kentucky well said, to raise an
excitement in this matter, like shaking a piece
of red flannel at a mad bull. Indeed, it re-
minds me rather of shaking a piece of flannel
at a turkey-gobbler.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLARD. I suppose the committee
has very little interest in the question whether
the committee of conference, which put this
provision into the appropriation bill, acted in
all fairness toward the House or not. It is
tolerably apparent to every member present
who was a member of the last House that
that provision of law never was really consid-
ered by the House. It passed practically
without the knowledge of the House. This
may have been the fault of members, in not
being attentive to business, but it is neverthe-
less in my judgment a fact.
Now, what occasion was there for the pass-
age of that law? The occasion was just this:
the officers of the Treasury had in their judg-
ment a right to rebate from the amount due the
Pacific Railroad Company for freight enough
to pay the interest on the bonds loaned to
the corporation by the Government. They
had in addition, Mr. Chairman, the support
of the legal opinion of the Attorney General
of the United States, constituted by law the
officer who was to give an opinion under
such circumstances, and in pursuance of that
legal advice the Secretary of the Treasury
retained this money, or declined to pay it to
the corporation. Now, this legislation was
put in that appropriation bill for the purpose
of overriding the legal opinion of the law
officer of the Government, and it accom-
plished that precise purpose. And when we
ask now to have the original status restored,
when we ask to be put back where we were
before this law was passed, we are met by
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York proposing again to ask the legal
advice of the Attorney General in this matter.
In other words, when the advice of the At-
torney General is against these corporations
we will aid the corporations by statute, and
when legislation against the corporations is
feared we will help the corporations out by
the advice of a subsequent Attorney General.
In my judgment if it is proper and legitimate
legislation in the last Congress to override the
opinion of an Attorney General of the United
States in a matter of this sort by statute, it
is perfectly legitimate and exceedingly proper
for this Congress to put the matter back pre-
cisely where it was previous to the legislation
of 1871. Then if the Attorney General, as
the law officer of the Government, gives the
Secretary of the Treasury advice that under
the law the Secretary cannot retain this money,
he, of course, will not retain it. But in my
judgment we should not be asked now, having
got rid of the advice of one Attorney General
by legislation, to get rid now of proposed
legislation by the opinion of another Attorney
General.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the state of this ques-
tion, it seems to me, is just this: the law cre-
ating these corporations provided that all
compensation for services rendered to the Gov-
ernment shall be applied to the payment of
the bonds of the corporations and the interest
thereon until the whole amount is fully paid.
Under that provision of law there can be no
question that the Secretary would be authorized
to retain this compensation, not only until the
interest was paid, but until the principal of
the bonds was paid. Subsequently legislation
was Bought here and, as has been stated by the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hib-
bard,] this provision of law was enacted, that
"only one half of the compensation for ser-
vices rendered for the Government by said
companies shall be required to be applied to
the payment of the bonds issued by the Gov-
ernment in aid of the construction of said
roads." There is a very significant omission
in this provision of the word "interest." In
the original act the provision was that this
compensation might be retained for the pay-
ment of the "bonds and interest." In the
amendment the word "bonds" alone was
used.
Now, Mr. Chairman, whether a court pass-
ing upon that question would hold that this
provision of law repealed the whole provisions
of the previous law, I am not prepared to say.
I am prepared to say, though, that in my judg-
ment it was not supposed by Congress at the
time that it did repeal that previous legislation.
In the course of the debate upon the original
act, when it was before Congress, I find that
an estimate was made by Mr. Latham, then a
Senator from California, who said:
"The loan of the public credit at six per cent, for
thirty years for $65,000,000, with absolute security by
lien with stipulations by sinking fund from profits
for the liquidation of the principal, official reports,
and other authoritative data show that tbe average
annual cost, even in times of peace, in transportation
of troops, with munitions of war. subsistence, and
quartermasters' supplies, may be set down at
$7,300,000. The interest upon the credit loan of
$65,000,000 will be. annually, $3,900,000, leaving a net
excess of $3,400,000 over the present cost, appealing
with great force to the economy of the measure, and
showing, beyond cavil or controversy, that the Gov-
ernment will not have a dime to pay on account of
its credit, nor risk a dollar by authorizing the con-
struction of this great work."
I have no doubt that it was the general opin-
ion of the members of Congress who con-
sidered the question at that time, that retaining
the entire compensation would not only ex-
tinguish all the interest that would accrue on
the bonds annually, but three or four million
dollars of the principal. By taking off half
of this annual compensation to the roads, it
would leave it where doubtless Congress was
willing to leave it, and yet require the annual
charge of interest to be paid by the roads
themselves.
Now, sir, I have only one other remark to
make, and it is that, in my judgment, the
country to-day knows enough about the way
in which both of these roads were constructed;
knows enough as to how much money has been
taken out of the Treasury of the United States
and put in the pockets of individuals engaged
in the construction of the roads; so that it is
not prepared to stretch a point of law, to give
any more than an ordinarily favorable consid-
eration to the demands made here by these
corporations. If the corporations themselves
are not rich, the individuals who have had
control of these franchises from the time they
were granted by Congress have made them-
selves millionaires; and the country is now
not only called upon to surrender what, it
seems to me, the law reserved to it in the
origin of these corporations, but we are told
that such enormous sacrifices have been made
on the part of persons connected with the cor-
porations that built these roads that Congress
ought to deal liberally and generously with
them. I am not prepared, for one, to give
them anything more than the strict letter of
the law requires.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I am disposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to make an answer in some sort to the
question of the gentleman from Vermont as to
what occasion there was for Congress passing
the provision proposed to be repealed. I am
old enough as a member of this House to re-
member that the good faith of Congress and
of the Government required such legislation.
And I propose to bring to the attention of the
committee the language used by myself on the
9th of April, 1862, when discussing the provis-
ion of law now under consideration, and when
Congress was offering almost any terms and
was willing to offer any terms to the capitalists
that would go forward and build a railroad.
across the continent. It was the distinct under
standing of that day, the time of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, that in addition to the Bbnds
and land subsidy granted by the bill this pro-
Vison should also be in the law. Recurring to
remarks of my own of tbe date given, I fiud
that I said:
"Are the Pacific States and Territories of value
to us? Is it necessary that we should maintain the
integrity of this country, that our shores should
continue to be laved by two oceans, and that we
should remain one people? If it is, then must we,
and the sooner it is done the better, provide means
by which the one shore shall be knitted to the other,
and by which the intervening spaces shall be pop-
ulated. It is not the time, say some, to begin this
work. When will it be the time? It was not the
time in 1850. Then attention could hardly be con-
centrated on it. Yet, had the work been begun in
that year, the road would have been completed ere
this, and the city of San Francisco would have been
as safe as New York or Boston."
What should be the political position of the
Pacific coast was a question then in equipoise;
and but for the determined patriotism of a
very limited number of men, chiefly residents
of San Francisco, it would have been carried
off, for southern California was a colony from
the southern States, and insurgent in its tem-
per and conviction. In this connection I also
call attention to the following extract from my
remarks from which I have quoted:
"The railroad operates as the river did in the
olden time. We know that population could settle
only upon the river banks. Land so remote from a
navigable stream that it would cost to get its prod-
uct to market nearly its market value was worth
nothing. It is no longer so. That law of nature
would have kept our coasts apart for centuries. But
the railroad is the river produced by modern science.
We can carry these streams over mountains and
across valleys, and they will be followed by towns
and cities along the plains. Prom this great stream
rivulets will flow, so that in Nevada, Utah, Colorado,
Washington. Oregon, Nebraska, and Kansas, Amer-
ican civilization will spring up, and the land teem
with life. We can by this means, and this alone,
cement the two coasts of our country and make the
Bast and the West parts of a well-united nation,
easily governed, easily defended by its own people,
and from any part of which to the other the Gov-
ernment may at all times throw the requisite force
for defense, or, should God in His providence permit
a recurrence of it, the suppression of rebellion."
I come now to my discussion ofthe question
as to who should pay the interest on the bonds.
It was not dodged or evaded ; it was discussed
