1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577
through that Congress and the next as elabo-
rately as any point connected with the bill, and
they who have bought these bonds—let the
merits of the Credit Mobilier question be what
they may—they who have bought those bonds
for widows, orphans, or trust companies have
bcughtthera under the congressional guarantee
that but one half of the earnings from the Gov-
ernment should be withheld by it. What were
my opinions upon this important point on the
9ih of April, 1862? I then said :
" I cannot feci that the time was ever more pro-
pitious lor beginning thiswork thannow. What im-
mediate expenditure does it require? None in the
m.\t j ear, but in two or three years hence, probably
an expenditure of £180,000, increasing semi-annually
(o about £5,000,000 per annum. Can there be any
question that our country can bear suoh an aug-
mentation of its annual expenditure? Or will it
barm us "—
mark the words—
"will it harm us if posterity, being blessed by this
work, should perchance have to pay the principal
of the credit invested T"
Sir, there were no men in the country will-
ing to accept that charter with that privilege
and embark their capital in the road. It was
years before those who are now so traduced
that members on this floor dare not stand np
and say publicly what they admit privately in
committee-rooms and elsewhere for fear of the
red flag of the Credit Mobilier. I have never
owned a share of stock in that company. But
I say here that it was not my fault that I did
not own ten shares that were offered to me.
My poverty and not my will consented to allow
them to pass me. Why should I not buy stock
in a corporation of the State of Pennsylvania
authorised to construct railroads in any part
of the conntry, and which I believed to be
engaged in constructing railroads in the South
and the Northwest? But I waive that question.
Long before the men who now own that road,
long before any man whose name is connected
with the Credit Mobilier, had shown any will-
ingness to incur the risks of constructing this
road, those were the views I expressed, and
they were the views that prevailed in this House
and the Senate. There was embodied in the
!aw a provision under which individuals and
associations have invested the capital alike of
widow and of orphan. I also added :
" The time is propitious. The people of the world
are beginning to realise what a country oars is, and
what an energetic people inhabit it. The world is
begin ning to see th at a republican Govern men t which
in time of peace sits upon the people as light as the
sarrounding atmosphere is the most powerful Gov-
ernment yet known to man. Let them also see, and
let posterity embody it in history, that in the very
agony of our country her Representatives and tho
Government had a care for the future and for the
welfare and dignity of the country, and that while
they provided ample means for suppressing the re-
bellion and the punishment of those who originated
and sustained it, they also provided for the imme-
diate future and the ultimate grandeur of their
country."
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, in justice to
myself I want to say to the committee that I
have not very fully or satisfactorily investi-
gated this subject. It has been at several times
called to my attention. I read the report of
the Senate committee about the time it was
presented. I remember the impression it then
made npon my mind, and I have heard a great
deal caid to-day on the subject of the true con-
struction of these laws. I come now, therefore,
with gome reluctance to express my opinion.
I want first to say that the duty of these
railroad companies to pay this interest annu-
ally under the law of July 1, 1862, is perfectly
clear ; it admits of no doubt; it is expressly
declared in section six of that law, which is as
follows:
"Sic. 6. And be it further enacted. That the grants
aforesaid are made upon condition that said com-
pany shall pay said bonds at maturity, and shall
keep said railroad and telegraph line in repair and
use, and shall at all times transmit dispatches over
said telegraph line, and transport mails, troops, and
munitions of war, supplies, and public stores upon'
said railroad for the Government whenever required
to do so by any Department thereof, and that the
Government shall at all times have the preference
in the use of the same for all the purposes aforesaid,
st fair and reasonable rates of compensation, not to
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 37.
exceed the amounts paid by private parties for the
same kind of service; and that all compensation for
services rendered for the Government shall be
applied to the payment of said bonds and interest
until the whole amount is fully paid. Said company
may also pay the United States, wholly or in part,
in the same or other bonds. Treasury notes, or other
evidences of debt against tho United States, to be
. allowed at par; and after said road is completed,
I until said bonds and interest are paid, at least live
; per cent, of the net earnings of said road shall also
be annually applied to the payment thereof."
If it is not now the duty of these companies
to pay that interest, how and when did it cease
to be their duty? Another law was enacted in
the interest of these roads on the 2d of July,
1864 I believe it is claimed by the friends
of these roads that they acquire this new right
under that law and under no other. Now, if
1 tbey have acquired it under that law, from
i what provision of that law did they acquire it?
■ It must have been under section five if at all.
I will read that section, and I ask Attention to
it, for it is in a single paragraph, and the point
! 1 want to make is somewhat obscured under
the verbiage of the section :
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the time
for designating the general route of said railroad,
and of filing the map of the same, and the time for
the completion of that part of the railroads required
by tho terms of said act of each company be, and the
same is hereby, extended one year from the time in
said act designated; and that the Central Pacific
Railroad Company of California shall be required to
, complete twenty-five miles of their railroad in each
, year thereafter, and the whole to the State line
within four years; and that only one half of the
compensation for services rendered for the Gov-
ernment by said companies shall be required to be
applied to the payment of the bonds issued by the
Government in aid of the construction of said roads."
That is the whole of that section. The read-
ing of it does not, I agree, indicate or declare
specifically that it was the intention of Con-
1 gress to limit the amount of earnings which
I might be applied to the payment of interest to
one half of the whole aoaotttrt of service ren-
dered by the companies in each year for the
Government for the period of four years from
the date of the law and no longer. But is it
not the fair intent of the act that this limita-
tion shall continue for four years only ? Did
Congress intend to limit its right to one half
of the amounts due from the Government to
the roads forever? An intent so hostile to the
obvious interests of the country ought not to
be ligbtly entertained. I ask gentlemen to
i give their attention to the obvious meaning
| of this entire act as it bears upon the subject.
| The period for the completion of these roads
j is extended four years ; and in that immediate
j connection it is said that the Government
| shall retain but one half of the earnings of the
company in the service of the Government.
Now let me read section ten of the same
act, which will make more clear and definite
the point I desire to present. It is this sec-
tion that surrenders the first lien of the Gov-
ernment of the United States upon these roads
in favor of the first mortgages created by the
railroad companies, respectively, upon their
roads. It is in this section that the gravest
and most indefensible blunder against the inter-
ests and rights of the country was committed
by Congress. It is chiefly out of this reck-
less concession to the companies that all our
troubles, and most of the well-founded popular
discontent, and all of the present real danger
of ultimate loss, now arise.
The surrender of the first lien of the Gov-
ernment in favor of these mortgages is to the
extent of the same amount on each road as
the road received in subsidies from the Gov-
ernment. Therefore, the amount of lien which
was made prior to the Government's lien was
in the aggregate on all the roads $64,000,000.
The latter paragraph of the section to which
1 am now referriug reads as follows;
"And the lien of the United States bonds (hall be
subordinate to that of the bonds of any or either of
said companies hereby authorized to be issued on
i their respective roads, property, and equipments,
except as to the provisions of the sixth section, to
which this act is an amendment, relating to the
transmission of dispatches and transportation of
mails, troops, munitions of war, supplies, and pub-
lie stores for the Government of the United States."
Now what does section six, here referred to,
declare? It makes it the express duty of all
these roads to pay this interest annually, and
makes it the express right of the Government
to reserve all the earnings of the roads in the
business of the Government, to be applied to
the payment of that interest and the principal
of the bonds. Thus by express language that
provision in the law of 1862 is reserved in full
force. It is nowhere repealed or surrendered
And this section ten comes after section five of
this same act, in which the right of the Govern-
ment to appropriate the earnings of this service
in payment of interest is limited to half of the
amount earned by the companies in each year.
Shall not the last act or section, the latest
declaration of the legislative intent and will,
prevail where it is inconsistent with what has
gone before? How can we give effect to this
express exception in favor of the Government
in any other way, or on any other principle ?
It is our clear duty to construe the entire act
together. It is our duty also to adopt such
constructions as will protect the rights of the
Government.
I I insist, therefore, it is not a strained or
unreasonable construction of the law to hold
that the intention of Congress in the enact-
; ment of it was to confine the operation of
section five to the four years therein named,
and thereafter, as enacted in section ten, to
give to the Government the original right
expressly reserved under section five of the
original law. This is a reasonable interpreta-
tion, does no violence to these companies,
imposes upon them no obligation they have
not voluntarily assumed, and in no degree
enlarges their duties. No one denies that it
is their duty to pay this interest, but gentle-
men differ upon the question when they shall
f>ay it. I say it is the fair intendment of the
aw that after July 2, 1868, (which is four years
from the date of the act of July 2, 1864,) the
companies should annually pay the interest in
full, aud that the Government might from that
time appropriate all the lailroad's earnings to
the payment of the interest.
But, Mr. Chairman, if I concpde my posi-
tion thus far is not very strong, and I wish to say
it is not entirely satisfactory to my own mind,
yet I do hold now that it is the duty of the
Congress of the United States to pass this law.
And it is their clear right also to pass it. But
why? Because, in express language in the
original act of 1862, theCongressof the United
States had the forethought to reserve to itself
the right at any time to amend, alter, or repeal
this act. I refer now to the latter clause of
section eighteen of the act of July 1,1862, and
by still more express and qualified language ia
the act of July 2, 1864. An entire section in
the latter act is devoted to the reservation of
that right:
"Sec. 22. And be it further enaeted. That Congress
may at any time alter, amend, or repeal this act."
Now, Mr. Chairman, upon any view of this
case, whether we hold the Senate committee
was right or wrong, or whether the Attorney
General in bis previous opinion was right or
wrong as to the construction of existing laws,
it does not in any way affect the present duty
of Congress in reference to theBe roads and
in reference to the protection of the bonds
and interest of the Government in connection
with these roads. In their behalf now, and
as a present duty, I demand that we shall
enact this amendment, tbat we shall enact it
in the exercise of expressly reserved rights,
infringing in no way a contract between the
Government and these companies, and vio-
lating in no way any legal or constitutional
principle. The right of property which inheres
in them is not beyoad the reach or control of
Congress for regulation and for the protection
of the country. I wish to say to the House
that in all their relations to the Federal Gov-
ernment these roads have no such exclusive
and sacred rights ; not one. They are the
creatures of this Government. They owe their
