242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
42d Cong....3d Bess.
Laws of the United States.
lows: seven for the tribes in Oregon, namely :
two for the Klamath agency, and one each for
the Grand Ronde, Siletz, Umatilla, Warm
Spring, and Alesea sub-agency, at five hundred
dollars per annum each.
Nine interpreters for the tribes in Wash-
ington Territory, namely: one each for the
Yakama,Tulalip, Makah, S'Klallam,Quinaielt,
and Quillehute agencies, and one each for the
Fort Colville, Chehalis, Olympia, and Puyal-
lup reservations, at five hundred dollars per
annum each.
Two for the tribes in Idaho, namely: Nez
Perce and Fort Hall agencies, at five hundred
dollars per annum each.
Three for the tribes in Nevada, namely: Pi-
Ute, Walker River, and Pyramid Lake agen-
cies, at five hundred dollars each.
Four for the tribes in Montana, namely :
Flatheads, Blackfeet, Crow, and Milk River
agencies, at four hundred dollars each.
Ten for the tribes in Dakota, namely: Red
Cloud, Whetstone, Yankton, Ponca, Upper
Missouri, Grand River, Cheyenne River, Fort
Berthold, Sisseton, and Devil's Lake agencies,
at four hundred dollars per annum each.
One for the tribes in Wyoming, namely:
Shoshone and Bannock agency, at five hun-
dred dollars.
One for the tribes in Utah, at five hundred
dollars per annum.
Eight for the tribes in New Mexico, name-
ly : one for the New Mexico superintendency,
two for the Navajo agency, and one each for
the Albiquin, Cimmaron, Mescalero Apache,
Southern Apache, and Pueblo agencies, at five
hundred dollars per annum each.
Three for the tribes in Colorado, namely:
Los Pinos and White River agencies, and Den-
ver special agency, at five hundred dollars per
annum each.
Seven for the tribes in Nebraska, namely :
two for the Great Nemaha 'agency, and one
eachforthe Winnebago,Omaha, Pawnee, Otoe,
and Santee agencies, at four hundred dollars
per annum each.
Three for the tribes in Kansas, namely: Pot-
tawatomie, Kaw, or Kansas, and Kickauoo
agencies, at four hundred dollars each.
Eleven for the tribes in Indian territory,
namely :■ two for the U pper Arkansas agency,
one each for the Kiowas, Sac and Fox, Qua-
paw, Neosho, Wichita, Cherokee, Creek,
Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Seminole agencies,
at four hundred dollars per annum each.
Two for the tribes in Wisconsin, namely:
Green Bay and La Pointe agencies, at four
hundred dollars each.
Four for the tribes in Minnesota, namely:
Chippewa agency, at four hundred dollars each.
Five for the tribes in Michigan, namely:
Mackinac agency, at four hundred dollars each.
One for the New York Indians, namely:
New York agency, four hundred dollars.
One for the tribes in Iowa, namely: Sac and
Fox agency, four hundred dollars.
Seven for the tribes in Arizona, namely :
Papago, Colorado River, Pima and Maricopa,
Moquis Pueblo agencies, and Camp Grant,
Camp Verde, and Camp Apache special agen-
cies, at five hundred dollars each.
For buildings at agencies, and repairs of
same, ten thousand dollars.
For vaccine matter and vaccination of In-
dians, five thousand dollars.
For presents to, and provisions for Indians,
ten thousand dollars.
For contingencies, including traveling, in-
cidental, current, and contingent expenses of
superintendents and agents, and of their offices,
fifty thousand dollars.
Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanches.
For sixth of thirty installments, as provided
to be expended under the tenth article treaty
of October twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, concluded at Medicine Lodge
Creek, in Kansas, with the Kiowas and Co-
manches, and under the third article treaty
of same date with the Apaches, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For purchase of clothing, as provided in
same treaties, twenty-six thousand dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, five thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For pay of physician and teacher, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For transportation' of goods, five thousand
dollars.
Arickarees, Gros Ventres, and Mandans.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employes, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Apaches.
For this amount, to subsist and properly
care for the Apache Indians in Arizona and
New Mexico who have been or may be col-
lected on reservations in New Mexico and
Arizona, two hundred and fifty thousond dol-
lars : Provided, that this appropriation shall
be expended only in behalf of those Indians
who go and remain upon said reservations and
refrain from hostilities, and shall not exceed
one hundred dollars per capita per annum.
Arapahoes, Cheyennes, Apaches, Kiowas,
Comanches, and Wichitas.
For subsistence of the Arapahoes, Chey-
ennes, Apache, Kiowas, aud Comanche In-
dians, and Wichita Indians, (and transportation
of the same,) who have been collected upon
the reservations set apart for their use and
occupation, two hundred thousand dollars :
Provided, That the amount so expended shall
not exceed one hundred dollars per capita per
annum.
Assinaboines.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may, from time to time, determine,
including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employ6s, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their comfort,'
civilization, and improvement, thirty thousand
dollars.
Blaclcfeet, Bloods, and Piegans.
JTor this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may, from time to time, _ determ-
ine, including transportation thereof, in in-
structing in agricultural and mechanical pur-
suits, in providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attend-
ance, care for and support of the aged, sick,
and infirm, for the helpless orphans of said
Indians, and in every other respect to promote
their civilization, comfort, and improvement,
fifty thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molallas, and Clackamas of
Willamette Valley.
For fourth of five installments of the fourth
series of annuity, for beneficial objects, five
thousand five hundred dollars.
Cheyennes and Arapahoes.
For sixth of thirty installments provided to
be expended under tenth article treaty of
October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, twenty thousand dollars..
For purchase of clothing, as per same article,
fourteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For pay of physician and teacher, as per
thirteenth article same treaty, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, farmer, blacksmith,
miller, and engineer, as per same article, five
thousand two hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods for the Chey-
ennes and Arapahoes, seven thousand five
hundred dollars,
Chickasaws.
For permanent annuity in goods, three thou-
sand dollars.
Boise Fort Band of CMppewas.
For eighth of twenty installments, for the
support of one blacksmith and assistant, and
for tools, iron, and steel, and other articles
necessary for the blacksmith shop, as per third
article treaty of April Beventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments, for the
support of one school-teacher, and for the
necessary books and stationery, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments, for the
instruction of Indians in farming, and pur-
chase of seeds, tools, and so forth, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments of annuity,
in money, to be paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments of annuity,
in provisions, ammunition, and tobacco, as
per third article treaty of April seventh, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-six, one thousand dol-
lars.
For eighth of twenty installments of annuity,
in goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuity goods and provisions, per
sixth article treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
CMppewas of Lake Superior.
For nineteenth of twenty installments, in
coin, per fourth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five
thousand dollars.-
For nineteenth of twenty installments, in
goods, household furniture, and cooking uten-
sils, per fourth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, eight
thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments, for
agricultural implements and cattle, carpen-
ters' and other tools, and building materials,
per fourth article treaty of September thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments, for
moral and educational purposes, three hun-
dred dollars of which to be paid to the Grand
Portage band yearly, to enable them to main-
tain a school at their village, per fourth article
treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, three thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments, for
six smiths and assistants, per second and fifth
articles treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, five thousand and forty
dollars.
For nineteenth of twentyinstallments, for the
support of six smiths' shops, per second and
