1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
without interest; but if, being itself unable, from
the condition of its own finances, to meet the emer-
gency, such State has been obliged to borrow money
for the purpose, and thus to incur a debt on which
she herself has had to pay interest, such debt is es-
sentially a debt due by the United States, and both
the principal and the interest are to be paid by the
United States, So that whenever a Stato has had
to pay interest by reason of her taking the place of
the United States in time of war, such interest forms
a just charge against the United States. If a State
borrows the money at once, on the first occurrence
of the emergency, and expends the moneys so bor-
rowed, both the borrowing and the expenditure
being flagrante hello, there seems to be no doubt that
the claim both for the principal and the interest
which she should have paid upon such loan would
be a fair charge against the United States on the
principle of this 1 aw. But let us suppose that
not having the money in her treasury, nor being
able to borrow it, she incurs a debt for military sup-
plies and services, which is evidenced by certificates
payable at the close of the war; when the certifi-
cates become due, neither having the funds herselt,
nor being able to procure them from the United
States, she borrows, on interest, a sum sufficient to
take up such outstanding certificates, and thus in-
curs a debt on which she is obliged to pay interest.
"Here is the case put in the question; on which it
is doubted whether the case is within the law, be-
cause the'borrowing and the application of the sum
borrowed took place after the war, although the
expense on account of which the loan was made was
incurred during the war. Yet, surely, in principle
there is no difference between this case and that first
put, because, in this case, as well as in that, the
State has had to pay the interest in consequence of
having taken the place of the United States in meet-
ing the expenses of the war. Again: let us suppose
that a State in meeting the emergencies of the war
exhausts all the revenue which she had raised for
domestic purposes, and which it is indispensably
necessary lor her to replace forthwith; she can re-
place them in no other way than by a loan, which is
negotiated the day after the proclamation of peace ;
on this loan she is obliged to pay interest. On which
government does this claim of interest rest? I think
there can be no doubt that, on the principle of the
bill.it is a fair charge against the United States;
because it is interest which the State has actually
had to pay in consequence of her having had to take
the place of the United States in meeting the ex-
penses of the war. Such is, in my opinion, the prin-
ciple on which this act is founded; and its object, I
think, is to reimburse to the State of Virginia all the
interest which she has actually had to pay on all
loans rendered necessary by her having taken the
place of the United States in meeting the expenses
of the late war with Great Britain, so far as the de-
fense of that State was concerned. And whether
the loans were made during the war or after the
war, if they were to meet expenses which wero in-
curred during the war and by reason of the war,
and the interest has been actually paid by the State
of Virginia, the claim is, in my opinion, a fair claim
within the law."
Thus it will be seen that Attorney General
Wirt construes this act of Congress, which pro-
vides that interest shall be paid to Virginia
only upon the sums which she paid interest
on, as entitling her to interest, not only upon
the sums she borrowed during the progress of
the war, but upon the money which she had
to borrow after the war was over, in order to
pay the indebtedness she incurred during the
progress of the war.
When that statute, with this opinion of the
Attorney General, came to the Secretary of
the Treasury, he held that Virginia was entitled
to interest only upon the sums which she had
actually borrowed to pay over to the General
Government, not upon any indebtedness which
she incurred in the progress of the war, and to
pay which she had to borrow money after the
war was over; and, in computing the interest,
the arbitrary rule was adopted of deducting
the payments made from the principal and
taking no account of the interest, instead of
the rule of applying the payments, where
they exceeded the interest, to the payment
ot the interest, and applying only the balance
to the principal. Thus if the Government
owed Virginia $100,000 principal, and $50,-
000 interest thereon, and paid $50,000, this
was applied, not to the payment of the interest
which had accrued, but to the reduction of the
principal. Hence the most transparent in-
justice was done to Virginia and "the other
States settled with in the same way.
But Pennsylvania and Maryland and several
other States having been settled with upon the
same principle, in 1857 Maryland came to Con-
gress alleging that injustice had been done to
her by the application of the rule which the
Treasury Department adopted in the calcula-
tion of interest; and on the 3d of March,
1857, another act was passed by Congress pro-
viding that interest should be calculated in
the case of Maryland upon the rule of com-
mon sense and common justice, that the inter-
est should be computed up to the time pay-
ment was made, and should be taken out of
the payment, and the balance applied to the
principal—the same rule that governs every-
where in mercantile and business transactions
and communities.
Now, why should not that rule be applied
to Pennsylvania and Virginia and the other
States that have not received the benefit of
this correct computation ? Why make " fish
of one and flesh of another?" If it was fair
and right in the judgment of Congress and of
the President in 1857 to apply that rule to
Maryland, why is it not right to-day, when we
are abundantly able to be just, to apply the
same rule to the other States? And this is
just what the pending bill proposes to do.
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore]
urges that in 1870 a different rule was applied
to the State of Massachusetts. I take issue with
the gentleman on that question. If a different
rule was applied, it was not the rule originally
applied by the acts of 1825,1826, and 1827. I
hold in my hand Executive Document No. 45,
of the second session of the Twenty-Fifth Con-
gress. It is a letter from the then Secretary
of War, dated December 23, 1837, in which
he says :
" The original amount of these claims was $843,-
:U9 60, whioii by a payment of $11,000 in 1817. and
one of $419,748 26 in 1831, was reduced to $412,601 34,
which is still claimed. Of this sum it appears, upon
applying the same principles which have governed
this Department in the settlement of similar claims
made by other States, there will be due $272,716 14,
of which $45,539 66, being for arms and aceouter-
ments purchased by the State, arms, &c., to the
value of that amount, must be charged to the State,
and be withheld from its quota, under theactof 1808,
for arming and equipping the militia. And all war-
like stores remaining in the State, which are paid
by the General Government, must be delivered up to
the possession and use of the United States."
And the balance, being $227,000 in round
numbers, due Massachusetts on the basis of
settlement adopted with the other States was
paid under an act of Congress, approved
March 3, 1859, to be found in the eleventh
volume of the Statutes-at-Large, page 434.
What did that leave as due to Massachusetts
upon the original basis? Nothing. But
Massachusetts came to Congress and alleged
that about $1,200,000 was due her on recom-
putation of the interest, and Congress com-
promised that claim with Massachusetts. Upon
the principles adopted with reference to Mary-
land and Pennsylvania in the original acts,
much less was due than she got; but making
her claim, in true Yankee style, as high as she
could, she secured a compromise by the act
of 1870, which gave her $675,000, being every
dollar of interest that she had paid. She was
not entitled to a dollar of that money upon the
original basis of settlement adopted by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It was only by
Congress applying to Massachusetts in 1870
the principles in part which we ask to have
applied to the other States by this bill, that
she got a single additional dollar. And itstrikes
me, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] who introduced the Mas-
sachusetts bill, and other gentlemen who were
here at that time urging Congress to pass that
bill and adopt the principles contained in this
measure, and after they have succeeded, at
least to a partial extent, in having their claim
recognized, appear here with a bad grace now
in opposition to applying to these other States
the same measure of justice which they then
advocated with reference to Massachusetts.
The recomputation of the interest due the
several States, upon the basis adopted by
Congress in the case of Maryland, by the act
of March 8, 1857, which is the object of this
bill, would make the amount now due stand
about thus—the sums not being exact, but
nearly so—
Pennsylvania  ®rr^'!!nn
New York 
Virginia 
South Carolina 
Delaware 
City of Baltimore  '1 ■"00
the whole amount being nearly three and a
half millions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TERRY. I now yield to my colleague
from Virginia, [Mr. Harris.]
Mr. PETERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania- [Mr. Speer] whether he
insists that Massachusetts obtained a settle-
ment upon any other basis than the Virginia
rule ?
Mr. SPEER. If the gentleman had heard
me, he would have understood the drift of my
argument.
Mr. PETERS. If the gentleman took that
ground, he is thoroughly mistaken.
Mr. SPEER. I am thoroughly right.
Mr. PLATT. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsyvania will have time to repeat the state-
ment he made. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Harris] to yield for that purpose.
Mr. SPEER. I would be glad to repeat iny
statement, if allowed the time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I cannotyield,
if it is to come out of my time.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to offer an amendment ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I cannot yield
for anything of that kind.
Mr. Speaker, as preliminary to the few
remarks I wish to submit, I ask the Clerk to
read the views of the late William Pitt Fes-
senden upon this question; and I commend
them especially to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters,] who now says that this propo-
sition, if carried into effect, will establish a
pernicious precedent and example. I desire
him to listen and weigh well every word there
uttered from the lips of a man who had but
few superiors as a man of talent and as a law-
yer, and who had no superior as a man of
high integrity and Christian virtues.
The Clerk read as follows :
" I wish to say a word about this proposition, be-
cause I think when the Senate understand it there
will be no difficulty in passing it. I think there can
be no dispute about it. I advocated this provision
last year against the opposition of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, and I have no sort of
disposition to change my action because it turns out
that the State of Virginia is so largely interested as
she is." ********
" This mode of settlement was grossly unjust, and
as great an outrage as anything could be. It was
contrary to the mode in which interest is computed
between individual and individual. Maryland ap-
plied for a recomputation, and Congress passed a
law to allow it. All that is now asked is to place
every other State on the same footing—there may
be some half dozen of them—that advanced money
on the same foundation on which you placed Mary-
land, not only to do the thing equally as between
the States, but do the just thing, and pay money
which is absolutely due without any sort of ques-
tion."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I place the
language of the deceased statesman of Maine,
Mr. Fessenden, against the present statesman
from Maine, [Mr. Peters.] Senator Fessen-
den said the present mode of computation was
"grossly unjust;" Mr. Peters says that the
plan now proposed would be pernicious.
I stop not there, however, but I place Mr.
Peters against himself, when four years ago
he offered his bill to have the computation
made on the plan now proposed, and when he
offered it, not in favor of the great State of
Massachusetts, but in favor of a railroad com-
pany. The bill which he then offered is now
upon the Clerk's desk. It is a bill precisely
upon the plan now proposed, but it was to pay
this money to a railroad company and not to a
sovereign State. It was then right and proper,
forsooth—a railroad company wanted it; but
now when great States demand their rights my
friend from Maine, my venerable friend, (and
he will excuse me for so calling him,) says it is
