578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
privileges and entire existence to the Govern-
ment. All their rights and franchises they
hold by the generosity and mercy of the Gov-
ernment. I mean so far as they affect or are
interwoven, as it were, with the rights and
interests of the Government. That is what I
hold. Therefore, our duty, quite independ-
ently bf all this discussion about the Credit
Mobilier, and of other questions which have
tended of late to make the public mind so
sensitive, is clear and imperative, in my judg-
ment ; and we will most grossly fail to meet the
just expectations of the people if we do not
enact into law the proposition of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.]
If the Government's reserved right of amend-
ment possesses any value whatever, or has
any substantial and rational purpose in view,
I am sure it is logical and reasonable to as-
sume that the right may be exercised in this
way. The object of the reservation must
have been to retain at all times the power to
protect the interests and property of the Gov-
ernment in those roads. It was not the pol-
icy of Congress to surrender its own power
and the rights and interests of the people to .
the tender mercies of a brotherhood of soul-
less corporations. Those corporations were
the recipients of unparalleled benefactions in
lands and in bonds, and the direct pecuniary
interest of the country in the honest and suc-
cessful management of the roads made it most
important for the country to retain effective
control and power over them. This is the
aim and the motive which prompted the ex-
press reservation of such control and power.
Now, this amendment simply responds to the
just policy of the Government and the right-
eous demands of the people. It ought to be
adopted without hesitation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I certainly shall not
attempt to review the legislation which took
place long before I was a member of this
House, and with which many membere are
more familiar than I am, except to call atten-
tion to the plain language, as it seems to me,
if language can be plain, by which the pro-
visions of the act of 1862 were changed in
the law of 1864.
But I would say, before proceeding to that
point, that my friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Willard,] notwithstanding the answer so well
fiven by the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] as to the manner in
which the ninth section of the Array bill was
passed two years ago—I say my friend from
Vermont ought to remember that the whole
foundation of his favorite civil service reform
bill was got through about the same time in a
much more objectionable way than this one:
for as I understand the House had refused
entirely to pass the bill, and the Senate had
never passed it, yet it was put through by the
committee of conference without the knowl-
edge of either House. So also with regard
to many other matters of legislation. We
find legislation crowded upon us by confer-
ence committees at the close of every session,
and we have to take it, right or wrong; four
men, two in the Senate and two in the
House, a majority of the conference com-
mittees, making laws for ns in spite of all we
can do; and we are compelled to take them.
They make some very good legislation in this
way, as my friend will admit in regard to his
civil service reform law.
But now, in regard to the proposed legis-
lation, I Will say that I believe it is only the
excitement of the hour that will lead mem-
bers of this House to repeal the provision
inserted two years ago in the Army appro-
priation bill. We know what the law of 1862
was. It required that the whole of the pay
for the transportation of troops, mails, &c.,
should be applied to the payment of the bonds
issued in aid of the railroad companies. We
know that no responsible set of men would
go forward and build the road under those
provisions. And then comes the law of 1864,
amending the law of 1862. And if there is
any language plain, it is that of the fifth
section of that bill, which says it is only one
half of the compensation which shall be re-
quired to be applied to the payment of bonds
issued by the Government in aid of the con-
struction of said roads. My friend from Ver-
mont tries to make a distinction betweeu the
bonds and the interest, but I do not believe
he would ever attempt to make such a point
as that before the supreme court of his State.
The bonds themselves, instead of being cou-
pon bonds, as Attorney General Akerman two
years ago seemed to suppose, are all registered
bonds, and a principle of law is that every
promissory note and every bond bearing inter-
est carries that interest with it as a part of
the note or bond. It is the bond and accumu-
lated interest, when it becomes due, that is
reckoned as the bond, all which becomes due
to the Government at the maturity of the bond.
The unanimous report of the Senate Judiciary
Committee two years ago has the following
language upon the law of 1864:
" But a more conclusive consideration yet remains.
Two years after the passage of this act the company
came again to Congress and represented its inability
to build this road without yet more favorable pro-
visions at the hands of Congress, and the debates in
both Houses, while the act of 1864 was under consid-
eration, clearly show that Congress understood the
effect of the act of 1862 to be that before stated. And
in the fifth section of the act of 1864, for the purpose
of making more favorable terms to the company, it
was, among other things, provided as follows:
" Only one half of the compensation for services
rendered for the Government by said companies
shall be required to be applied to the payment of
the bonds issued by the Government in aid of the
construction of said roads.' "
I know that under the excitement now pre-
vailing there is a disposition to strike at this
company or these companies, and to legislate
against them in every way we can. But I be-
lieve that the passage of any bill which would
cripple these roads at present would fall upon
an innocent class of people in this couutry and
abroad, who now hold securities of the roads,
and not the persons at whom you aim. If
there were any men who had improperly robbed
the Pacific road, (and I know not as to this,)
if the members of the Credit Mobilier made
too much money out of it, and left it poor,
why they unloaded years ago ; and you have
got hundreds and thousands of innocent per-
sons all over the country holding their land-
grant bonds and their income bonds as an in-
vestment, on the faith and credit of your legis-
lation. When you talk about repudiating these
bonds, or of repudiating a provision of the
statute under which this road was built, you
are doing the same thing entirely as if you
were repudiating any other bond issued by the
Government. 1 will not be a party to any
such act of repudiation.
I know there is a hue and cry that these
Pacific roads do not pay their interest. I say,
Mr. Chairman, they do pay their interest.
There is no bond issued by these roads on
which they do not pay the interest. You
would cripple them by this legislation so that
they cannot in the future, it may be. The
United States have iSsued thirty-year bonds
under certaiu provisions of the charter, and
the United States only are obliged to pay the
interest to the holders of those bonds. They
are United States bonds; not railway bonds in
any sense. And the provisions of this law are
that the United States shall withhold half the
payment tor the transportation of troops,
mails, &c., to be applied to the payment of
these bonds, and also the five per cent, net
earnings of the roads. Those are the pro-
visions, and the only provisions of law requir-
ing any payment toward these United States
bonds or the interest on them until the bonds
mature.
Now this point, as I find from the debates
in the Globe, was made perfectly clear when
the law of 1864 was being discussed. The
gentleman from Indiana [Sir. Holman] waa
then on the floor, and I observe was present
when that debate took place. Mr. V'asb
burne, of Illinois, made the direct point thai
under the bill the United States could only
retain half the pay for transportation, &c., to
apply on these bonds, and for that reason, an
he states in the report in the Globe, he would
not vote for the bill. His language is an
follows:
"Instead of tbe compensation due the company
for services rendered to the Government boincc
applied to the payment of the bonds issued in aid
of the construction of the railroads, one half only
by this bill is to go in that direction, and the other
half is to be paid by the Government to the com-
pany, a proposition I cannot agree to."—Congres-
sional Globe, J une 21, 1864, page 3151.
My friend from Indiana [Mr. Hot,man]
offered an amendment at the time, that the
whole of it should be so applied, (or, in other
words, that the whole should be carried free
of charge ;) but the House voted the amend-
ment down by a large majority, and passed
the bill with the express provision that only
half of the compensation should be applied to
the payment of the bonds ; and I believe in
keeping faith with the people of this country
who own these bonds. I will vote for no
measure of repudiation, or violation of the
good faith of the Government, which was
pledged to secure the building of this great
national highway.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the circum-
stances under which this section nine of the act
of March 3,1871, passed tbe House is of little
consequence except as furnishing an argument
for its repeal. I do not believe that there was
a purpose on the part of any member to secure
the adoption of that section without the gen-
eral knowledge of the House or by any unfair
means. Although it was passed in the closing
hours of Congress, when proper consideration
of any measure is almost impossible, I think
the fair interpretation of the language which
was used on this floor a few days since, when
this subject first came up, is simply this: that
this ninth section of the Army appropriation
bill of the 3d of March, 1871, was in fact never
considered in the House. That is the point I
made, and still make, aud the fair interpreta-
tion of the record in the congressional pro-
ceedings of that day is that this section nine
was never read in the House, although referred
to by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.] It is receiving here its first consider-
ation now, and I think it is manifest that it
should be repealed.
There are three propositions under discus-
sion ; one is, shall this ninth section be re-
pealed and the subject be remitted to the
Treasury Department for decision; or, in ad-
dition to that repeal, shall this House declare
affirmatively, so far as its action is concerned,
that the whole amount accruing to these Pacific
roads from the United States for transport-
ation of troops, supplies, and mails, shall be
retained and applied upon the indebtedness
of these corporations to the Government, on
account of the interest which the Government
has paid and shall pay on the bonds issued for
the benefit of the companies; or shall the
whole subject be remitted, as proposed by the
amendment offered by the gentlemau from
New York, [Mr. Wheeler,] to the Attorney
General of the United States? I am in favor
not only of the repeal of the ninth section of
the act of March 3, 1871, but of the other
proposition, that the amounts becoming duo
the companies for transportation shall be ap-
plied to reimburse the Government. I submit
lo gentlemen that the proposed reference tc
the Attorney General is a mere evasion ; it is
understood that the present Attorney General,
as a member of the Senate at the time this
measure was acted on in the Senate, supported
this ninth section as expressing the rights of
these corporations under the acts of 1862 and
1864. It is not to be supposed that the dis-
tinguished gentleman who now fills the office
