1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
of Attorney General, who while   Senator ex-
pressed his opinion by his vote in favor of this
section as to the rights of the Government in
reference lo these corporations, will be found
entertaining other views in his capacity as
Attorney General; so I submit that the gentle-
man from New York who offered the amend-
ment simply asks the House to retain the law
as expressed in this ninth section in force
while repealing it in form.
No, sir; this House will not deal fairly by
the country unless it not only repeals this
ninth section of the Army appropriation bill
of 1871, but goes one step further and con-
firms the action of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the opinions of the former law officers
of the Government and First Comptroller of
the Treasury, in favor of compelling these
corporations to reimburse the Government for
the interest paid for their benefit. As a legal
proposition it is certainly the better opinion
that the Government, under the acts of 18G2
and 1864, incorporating these companies, has
a legal right to apply all of the earnings of
these roads that might be due from the Gov-
ernment for transportation to the payment of
interest on the bonds. I think this is right as
a legal proposition ; but if it were doubtful I
would put it upon the highest possible ground,
about which there can be no dispute, and it is
that Congress has retained this right to do
justice to the country by reserving the power
to amend the acts creating these corporations.
Under this power there can be no doubt that
the pending amendment of the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] is right.
I admit that that power, although expressly
reserved in the eighteenth section of the act
of 1864, should not be exercised wrongfully
or oppressively or unjustly, but if it is right
and equitable, that the Government should
apply these earnings to the liquidation of this
interest. We have paid for these corporations,
as interest on bonds issued for their benefit up
to December 31, 1872, $12,664,578 19. is
there any reason why they should not refund
the money? The bonds run for thirty years.
Is the Government to continue to pay this
interest year after year, and still pay these
companies one half of their charges against
us for transportation ?
The provisions of the eighteenth section,
which authorize Congress to amend or modify
the act, enables as to act justly even if there is
ambiguity in the other provisions of the two
acts. Is not this House and the country well
informed that the earnings of these corporations
out of the magnificent bounty of the Govern-
ment have been such, and the profits of this
bounty so great that these corporations cannot
with justice to the country be permitted to re-
ceive. as they are now receiving, several mil-
lions more each year from the Treasury? Cor-
porations which have been dividing millions
among their owners out of the bounty of Gov-
ernment cannot complain if we stop their
drafts on the Treasury and compel them to pay
their just debts. There is no injustice in re-
quiring these corporations to apply the amount
due to them for transportation of Government
supplies, all their earnings from the Govern-
ment to the liquidation of this interest, and
it is palpably unjnst not to require them to
do it.
If this was a controversy between private
parties, or if the party asserting the extraor-
dinary claim set up by these corporations was
a private citizen, with only the ordinary ad-
vantages of a private citizen, I do not believe
there would be any trouble in settling the law
even as it stands on the statute-books. The
sixth section of the act of 1862, the original
act creating these corporations, is as follows :
" Sue. 6. And be it further enacted. That the grants
aforesaid are made upon condition that said com-
pany shall pay said bonds at maturity, and shall
keep said railroad and telegraph line in repair and
use, and shall at all times transmit dispatches over
said telegraph line, and transport mails, troops, and
munitions of war, supplies, and public stores upon
said railroad for the Government, whenever required
to do so by any Department thereof, and that the
Government shall at all times have the preference
in the use of the same for all the purposes aforesaid,
(at fair and reasonable rates of compensation, not to
exceed the amounts paid by private parties for the
same kind of service;) and all compensation for
services rendered for the Government shall bo ap-
plied to the payment of said bonds and interest until
the whole amount is fully paid. Said company may
also pay the United States, wholly or in part, in the
same or other bonds, Treasury notes, or other evi-
dences of debt against the United States, to be
allowed at par; and after said road is completed,
until said bonds and interest are paid, at least five
per cent, of the net earnings of said road shall
. also be annually applied to the payment thereof."
Here there is no ambiguity; the terms are
clear: "and all compensation for services ren-
dered for the Government shall be applied to
the payment of said bonds and interest until
the whole amount is fully paid." This was
certainly requiring little enough from these
corporations for whom the Government was
in effect building these railroads, creating
these immense sources of wealth which a few
corporators were to possess. But it must be
admitted that the amendatory act of 1864, by
which the Government was permitting these
corporations to mortgage their roads and fran-
chises for a sum equal to the Government sub-
sidy, with priority over the Government lien,
is not so clear, for all experience here shows
that it is the policy of the great corporations
we are creating to use vague and indefinite
terms in the laws of their creation that their
power may determine the question of law—the
interpretation of the law in their own behalf.
The fifth section of the amendatory act is as
follows:
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the tilne
for designating the general route of said railroads,
and of filing the map of the same, and the time for
the completion of that part of the railroads required
by the terms ot said act of each company, be, and
the same is hereby, extended one year from the time
in said act designated; and that the Central Pacific
Railroad Company of California shall be required to
complete twenty-five miles of their said road in each
year thereafter, and the whole to the State line
within four years, and that only onehalf of tnecom-
I pensation for services rendered for the Government
!; by said companies thall be required to be applied to
the payment of the bonds issued by the Government
in aid of the construction of said roads."
Here one half only of the compensation for
services to the Government is to be applied on
the bonds. The word " interest " is omitted.
The interest, it is true, is but an incident to the
bonds. The bonds were not payable for thirty
years. A sinking fund of five per cent, of the
net earnings was provided for in the sixth
section above quoted. I think a fair inter-
pretation of these provisions is that one half of
the compensation for services for the Govern-
ment should be reserved for the liquidation of
the principal of the bonds. It may be fairly
assumed that as this was only a loan to the
corporations of the credit of the Government
the corporations would pay the interest as it
accrued, and if it was not paid by the cor-
porations, and the Government was compelled
■ to pay it, it is certainly equitable and just
that money due to the corporations should
be applied to pay the money which the cor-
porations owed the Government. Either this
is right orthe United States after paying annu-
!! ally millions for those porporations must let
; these payments accumulate, million upon mil-
j lion, year after year, and still continue to pay
! to the corporations the sums becoming due
!i them for transportation. Such an interpreta-
!! tion is a fraud on the country and could not
i have been intended by the law-making power.
The vast wealth which the Government has
'• bestowed on these corporations should repel
an interpretation so manifestly unjust to the
whole people. Such an interpretation should
be rejected as against public morality and
public policy. The eighteenth section of the
amendatory act is as follows:
,! " Skc. 18. Andbe it further enacted, That whenever
it appears that the net earnings of the entire road
I and telegraph, including the amount allowed tor
services rendered for the United States, utter deduct-
1 ing all expenditures, including repairs and the lur-
! nishing, running, and managing of said road, shall
il exceed ten per cent, upon its cost, exclusive of the
'i five per cent, to be paid to the United states, ton-
gressmay reduce the rates of fare thereon if unrea-
sonable in amount, and may fix and establish the same
by law. And the better to accomplish the object of
this act, namely, to promote the public interest and
welfare by the construction of said railroad and tel-
egraph line, andkeeping the samein working order,
and to secure to the Government at all times (but
particularly in time of war) the use and benefits of
the same for postal, military, and other purposes.
Congress may, at any time, having due regard for the
rights of said companies named herein, add to, alter,
amend, or repeal this act."
Under the general powers here reserved,
Congress is euabled, without there being any
pretense of the invasion of private rights, to
promote the public interest by doing justice.
But if we only repeal this ninth section of
the Array appropriation act of March 3, 1871,
which is as follows:
" Sec. 9. That, in accordance with the fifth section
of the act approved July 2,1864, entitled 'An act to
amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the Mis-
souri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the useof the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," approved July 1,1862,' the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is hereby directed to pay over
in money to the Pacific railroad companies men-
tioned in said act, and performing services for the
United States, one half of the compensation at the
rate provided by law for such services, heretofore
or hereafter rendered: Provided, That this section
shall not be construed to affect the legal rights of
the Government or the obligations of the companies,
except as herein specifically provided "—
we leave these questions in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury, who first resisted
the extortionate demands of these corpora-
tions. I think the public interests are safe
in the hands ot the Secretary of the Treasury,
and that accomplished and incorruptible officer
of the Treasury, the First Comptroller, while
they retain their official relations with the Gov-
ernment, and yet we will but half accomplish
what is right if we do not positively provide
that the sums that are due and shall become
due to these corporations for transportation
for the Government shall be applied to their
indebtedness to Government; nothing less than
this is just to the people.
Mr. WHEELER. Will thegentleman allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WHEELER. The gentleman assumes
that the present Attorney General, having been
a member of the Senate in 1862 and 1864, was
friendly to legislation for the benefit of this
road.
Mr. HOLMAN. I certainly understood that
that officer while in the Senate in 1871 favored
the section of the law we are proposing to repeal.
Mr. WHEELER. Is not that a mere
assumption on the part of the gentleman?
Mr. HOLMAN. I so put it; such, however,
is the understanding.
Mr. WHEELER. Is it not a fact that the
present Secretary of the Treasury was a mem-
ber of this House in 1864, and voted against
the provision which required the Government
to pay one half of the charges for transporting
the mails, &c., over this road?
Mr. HOLMAN. That is my recollection.
I think that is true. He did not support the
act of 1864. But the Comptroller of the
Treasury was not a member of this House;
the Attorney General, Mr. Akerman, was not
a member of this House. No one will ques-
tion the impartiality of the Secretary of the
Treasury. This House is called upon to do
one of two things: either to sustain the de-
cision of the Secretary of the Treasury and
of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, as
understood here, and of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, and more especially of the late
Attorney General, who was never in any way
involved in the legislation affecting these ^cor-
porations, or sustain the report of a committee
of the Senate. I think this House will act
wisely and justly in sustaining the officers of
the Treasury, and in resisting the extortionate
exactions and presumptuous demands of these
corporations, which have grown almost irresist-
ible in power by your munificence.
[Here the hammer fell.l
Mr. SARGENT. It is evident to every
