1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
pernicious. It is pernicious because a sover-
eignty of this country asks it, and not a rail-
road company. When a railroad company
asked for it Mr. Peters tells you he was its
friend, and with the Speaker now in the
chair at his back he endeavored to get estab-
lished in behalf of that railroad company the
plan now proposed.
Was it wrong because he failed? Did his
failure make his position wrong ? I think not.
He was right then or wrong now, or he was
wrong then and right now. Having Senator
Pessenden to back me, I take it my friend
from Maine [Mr. Peters] was right then and
wrong now.
Again, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Moore] says Virginia will have due her under
this bill $2,000,000, and because the sum ia
so large it ought not to be paid. Million upon
million of dollars are expended by Congress
on railroads and other great corporations and
not a word said by any member of this House
about the magnitude of the sum, but when
States demand their just dues then gentlemen
raise their hands in horror and exclaim it will
require three millions to satisfy this bill!
Sir, why has Virginia so much due her?
Because when our country was invaded, our
Capitol burnt, and that flag which waves so
gracefully over your head was trailing in the
dust, she sprang to the front, gave her sons
and her money to rescue our country from
ruin and disgrace. She was then rich and
this Government was poor. She freely gave
of her substance to save it, and if more is due
her now, it is because in the hour of trial she
did most to save her country. But times have
changed and things have changed with them.
You are now rich and old Virginia is poor.
Though poor, she comes not as a supplicant
asking alms, but only demanding at the hands
of the Government that which is due her—the
sum which she loaned the United States to
enable it to drive from our soil the foot of
the Britain and to hoist once more ujjon the
charred ruins of the Capitol of the nation the
flag of our common country. And for this,
Mr. Speaker, she is told out of the goodness
of her heart and the hard earnings of her
people she gave too much—too much to save
her country.
She asks not to be paid on the principles of
the former settlement, for on those principles
no business ever was settled among business
men. No mechanic, no merchant, no store-
keeper, no business man of any description,
ever settled on the principles upon which the
Government has heretofore settled. That was,
when a payment was made to apply it to the
principal and not to the interest. We wish to
apply it as in the ordinary transactions be-
tween man and man, so when a payment is
made it shall be applied first to the interest
and then the surplus shall go to extinguish the
principal. That is all we ask. We ask no
injustice. We ask nothing our State is not
entitled to according to the laws of trade, of
commerce, and of adjustment of accounts
between man and man.
Mr. Speaker, when Virginia came forward
and gave this money, she had a right to expect
the Government, which has the power to
settle with her creditors, would settle justly
with her people. I am surprised at my friend
from Maine, but I am still more surprised at
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Moore,]
who lives upon the soil which Virginia gave
the nation. Sir, the earth on which he walks
and from which the food is raised that nourishes
him were given by the bounteous hand of old
Virginia. Yet when the old mother State
comes here for justice, forgetful of the past
and with an ungrateful heart, like the adder
he turns upon the bosom that warmed him
into life and stings it. His white hairs should
teach him the great principle of human re-
ligion, without which there would be no
Christianity—that of gratitude and love for our
mother.
Mr. MOORE. May I ask the gentleman a
question ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I have no time
to yield to the gentleman for questions. I am
afraid he is a recreant son, and lost to those
holy affections which should bind a child to a
mother, and that nothing I can say would re-
claim him. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORE. I am not a son of Virginia.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I do not hear
the gentleman, but I know by the expression
of his countenance that he cannot look a Vir-
ginian in the face and vote against this bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MOORE. If Illinois is to be consid-
ered a son of Virginia, it must be remembered
that the mother ran away not long ago, re-
leasing the son from any special obligation to
allegiance.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I do not hear
you. But I will say that you are an overgrown
son of old Virginia. You have grown too
fast, and been fed too high out of the bounty
she gave you, and have forgotten the cardinal
principles of love to the mother that gave you
birth. And J hope the people will teach you
when you go home a little more Christian
feeling than now courses through your veins.
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed an instant more time, to take back
the word "venerable," as applied to me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I make the
gentleman the amende honorable.
Mr. TERRY. I yield now to my colleague,
[Mr. Platt.]
Mr. PLATT. We are here, Mr. Speaker,
asking for what we believe to be simple justice
aud equity and right. In the hour of the
country's need and peril, when she needed aid
and she applied to Virginia, in common with
other States, for assistance, and those States
freely extended it to her in the form of money,
for which they taxed their people, paying the
amount over into the Treasury of the United
States, with the distinct understanding that
when the country got through its _ hour of
trial and was again prosperous, and in a posi-
tion where it could do so, this money was to
be refunded to the States so advancing it,
with interest computed upon the ordinary
principles in use between nations and individ-
uals and in commerce. That has never been
done in regard to the States of New York,
Pennsylvania, Delaware, Virginia, and South
Carolina. Those States now ask that the
amount shall be so computed, and that if it
should be found that on that computation
there is an amount still due, it may be paid to
them by the Government of the United States.
It has been stated here that this bill if it
passes would take from the Treasury oi the
United States more than $5,000,000. That,
sir, is an over statement. For the most extrav-
agant computation that can be made, taking
in all the States and the city of Baltimore,
the only city which has a like claim, the whole
amount is but little over $3,000,000. But,
sir, in a question of this kind, I contend that
the amount involved is not a question that
ought properly to be considered. If it is right
that this debt should be paid, it makes no
difference what the amount may be which may
be required to pay it.
I desire now to call attention to the remark-
able position occupied by my friend from
Maine, [Mr. Peters.] He is a gentleman
learned in the law, and occupies an eminent
position as a lawyer and as a business man.
He tells us himself that he believes, or did
believe, that the principle upon which we now
ask that this interest shall be computed is cor-
rect and right. He says that when in the last
Congress Massachusetts came before this
House and asked that she might be remun-
erated for the outlay made at this same time,
with the understanding that the amount so
recovered from the Government should be
turned over to aid a railroad company being
constructed in his State, he presented that
bill to this House; that he went before the
Committee of Claims, to which the bill had
been referred, and that he there asked that
this claim of Massachusetts might be settled
and adjusted upon the same principle upon
which the claim of the State of Maryland had
been settled and adjusted.
The gentleman certainly would not have
done this had he not thought that it was right
aud proper, and that justice demanded it. He
certainly would not have risked his legal repu-
tation, after having examined the question,
upon the statement that such a computation
aud such a manner of settlement was right
and just, unless he fully believed it and it
commended itself to his judgment after this
full examination.
But, sir, failing to get what he had asked
for, he took what he could get,- and Massa-
chusetts, in addition to the full settlement
which was made with her in 1837, came here
and took from the Treasury of the United
States $800,000 more, to be given for the
benefit of the constituents of the gentleman
from Maine.
Sir, I am surprised to find the different po-
sition occupied to-day by gentlemen from the
great States of Illinois, Ohio, and Indiana,
from that which they occupied when the bill
known as the two per cent, bill was before the
House for its consideration and action. They
demanded then that the House should do for
them what they said was justice and pass a bill
which would take more than $2,000,000 out
of the Treasury of the United States. Those
gentlemen who are now so anxious to watch
the Treasury voted on that occasion to take
$2,000,000 out of the Treasury and pay it to
the States they represented on a claim which
had not half the justice aud equity which the
claim we present here to-day has. I regret
that I have not more time, but must of course
obey the Speaker's hammer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Terry] has five minutes remaining
of the hour.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. TERRY. I cannot consent to any
amendment. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to say
only a few words. I object to one aspect which
gentlemen on the other side of the House have
attempted to give to this question. They have
spoken of it as exclusively a Virginia bill.
Now, it is no more a Virginia bill than a New
York, a Pennsylvania, a Delaware, a South
Carolina, or a Tennessee bill. The fact that
Virginia may have a larger pecuniary interest
in the bill than other States does not change
the principle involved. It is true that I arid
other Representatives from Virginia may mani-
fest more interest in it than the Representa-
tives of States having a smaller interest, but it
is a principle that we are contending for, and
the Representatives from Delaware and Ten-
nessee are as much interested in having this
question settled on correct principles as are
the Representatives from Virginia.
Again, they talk about the amount involved
here. That is a poor excuse. If a man can-
not pay his debts there is some excuse for him,
but the Government is able to meet this demand,
aud it comes with a bad grace for it to say that
it will not pay its creditor because the amount
is too large.
It' is saying " I would pay your claim if it
were small; but if it counts by thousands, or
millions, I will repudiate my moral and legal
obligation." Here is the Government of the
United States, over which there is no tribunal
to which the States can appeal and compel it
to discharge this obligation or settle the rules
by which it can be discharged.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has thegentlemau exam-
ined this matter in detail, and is he prepared
