1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
fifth articles treaty of September thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments, for
the seventh smith and assistant, and support
of shops, per second and fifth articles treaty
of September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of smith and shop during the
pleasure of the President, as per seventh and
twelfth articles treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, six hundred dollars.
For support of two farmers, during the
pleasure of the President, as per twelfth article
treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty four, and seventh article treaty
of April seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For transportation, and necessary cost of
delivery of annuity and provisions for Chip-
pewas of Lake Superior, three thousand dol-
lars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For seventh of ten installments of the second
series, in money, per fourth article treaty of
October fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article treaty of May seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, four thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For seventh of ten installments of the second
series, for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
articlc treaty of October fourth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
of September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, and third article treaty of May sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, four
hundred dollars.
For seventh of ten installments of the second
series, in goods, per fourth article treaty of
October fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty of September
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and
third article treaty of May seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, three thousand five
hundred "dollars.
For seventh of ten installments of the second
series, for support of schools, per fourth article
treaty of October fourth, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty of Sep-
tember thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifiy-
four, and third article treaty of May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For seventh of ten installments of second
series, for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty of October
fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty of September thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
article treaty of May seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, sii hundred and sixty-
seven dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For seventh of ten installments of the second
series, for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty of October fourth, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty of Sep-
tember thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty of May seventh,
eighteen'hundred and sixty-four, six hundred
and sixty-seven dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For seventh of ten installments of the second
series, for pay of two farmers, per third article
treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, three hundred and thirty-three dol-
lars and thirty-three cents.
For nineteenth of twenty installments of
annuity, in money, per third article treaty of
February twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twenty thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments, for the support
of a school or schools upon said reservation,
in accordance with third article treaty of March
nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
four thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments, to be expended
in promoting the progress of the people in agri-
culture and assisting them to become self-sus-
taining, in accordance with third article treaty
of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
Forsixth of ten installments, for the support
of a physician, in accordance with third article
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars. .
For sixth of ten installments, for the pur-
chase of necessary medicines, in accordance
with third article treaty of March nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, three hun-
dred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of de-
livery of annuities and provisions for the Chip-
pewas of the Mississippi, in accordance with
sixth article treaty of March nineteenth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-seven, three thousand
dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi, Pillager, and
Lake Winnebagoshish Bands of Chippewa
Indians.
For last of ten installments, to furnish said
Indians with ten yoke of good work oxen,
twenty log chains, two hundred grubbing hoes,
ten plows, ten grindstones, one hundred axes,
(handled,) twenty spades, and other farming
implements, per fifth article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of two carpenters, one thousand
eight hundred dollars, and two blacksmiths,
one thousand eight hundred dollars ; four farm
laborers, two thousand four hundred dollars;
one physician, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; and medicine for the sick, five hundred
dollars, per fifth article treaty of May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, seven thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
For this amount, to be applied toward the
support of a saw-mill, to be built for the com-
mon use of the Chippewas of the Mississippi
and the Red Lake and Pembina bands of Chip-
pewas, as per sixth article treaty of May sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For pay of services and traveling expenses
of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than three persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and to inspect the fields,
buildings, mills, and other improvements, as
stipulated in the seventh article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, not
exceeding any one year more than twenty days'
service, at five dollars per day or more than
three hundred miles' travel, at ten cents per
mile, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For pay of female teachers employed on the
reservation to instruct Indian girls in domestic
economy, one thousand dollars.
Chippewas. Pillager, and Lake Winnebagosh-
ish Rands.
For nineteenth of thirty installments of an-
nuity, in money, per third article treaty of
February twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty five, ten thousand six hundred and sixty-
six dollars and sixty-six cents.
For nineteenth of thirty installments of an-
nuity, in goods, per third article treaty of
February twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of thirty installments, for pur-
poses of utility, per third article treaty of Feb-
ruary twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments, for
purposes of education, per third article treaty
of February twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina Tribe
of Chippewas.
For this amount as annuity, to be paid per
capita to the Red Lake band of Chippewas,
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty of October second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and second article sup-
plementary treaty of April twelfth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount, to the Pembina band of
Chippewas, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per same treaty, five thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments, for the pur-
pose of supplying the Red Lake band of Chip-
pewas with gilliag-twiue, cotton matter, calico,
linsey, blankets, sheeting, flannels, provisions,
farming tools, and for such other useful arti-
cles and for such other useful purposes as may
be deemed for their best interests, per third
article supplementary treaty of April twelfth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments, for same
objects, for Pembina band of Chippewas, per
same treaty, four thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments for pay of
one blacksmith, one physician, who shall fur-
nish medicine for the sick, one miller, and one
farmer, per fourth article of same treaty, three
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments, for the pur-
chase of iron and steel, and other articles, for
blacksmithing purposes, per same treaty as
above, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering, and other purposes,
per same treaty, one thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments, to defray
expenses of a board of visitors, to consist of
not more than three persons, to attend the
annuity payments of the said Chippewa In-
dians, each member of the board to be paid
not more than five dollars per day for not more
than twenty days' service, and ten Cunts per
mile for not more than three hundred miles'
travel, three hundred and ninety dollars.
For transportation of annuity goods and pro-
visions, and iron and steel for blacksmiths, for
the Chippewas of Red Lake and Pembina tribe,
two thousand dollars.
Choclaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty of November sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and five, and thirteenth article treaty of
June twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty of Octo-
ber eighteenth, eighteen hundred and twenty,
and thirteenth article treaty of June twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, six
hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, for support of black-
smith, per sixth article treaty of October eigh-
teenth, eighteen hundred and twenty, ninth
article treaty of January twentieth, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty of.)une twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity for education, per
second article treaty of January twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
teenth article treaty of June twenty second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thousand
dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron aud steel,
per ninth article treaty of January twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-five, and thir-
teenth article treaty of June twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For interest on three hundied and ninety
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and ninety-two cents, at five per centum per
annum, for education, support of the govern-
