244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
ment, and other beneficial purposes, under the
direction of the general council of the Choc-
taws, in conformity with the provisions con-
tained in the ninth and thirteenth articles treaty
of January twentieth, eighteen hundred and
twenty-five, and treaty of June twenty-second,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, nineteen thou-
sand five hundred and twelve dollars and eighty-
nine cents.
Confederated Tribes and Bands of Indians
in Middle Oregon.
For fourth of five installments, third series,
for beneficial objects, per second article treaty
June twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty -
five, four thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of fifteen installments, for pay
and subsistence of one farmer, one blacksmith,
and one wagon and plow maker, per fourth
article treaty of June twenty-fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
pay and subsistence of one physician,* one
sawyer, one miller, one superintendent of
farming operations, and one school-teacher,
per fourth article treaty of June twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five thousand
six hundred dollars.
For fourteentt of twenty installments, for
salary of the head chief of said confederated
bands, per fourth article treaty of Juno twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent, annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty of August seventh, seventeen
hundred and ninety, and fifth article treaty of
August seventh, eighteeu hundred and fifty-
six, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per sec-
ond article treaty of June sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and two, and fifth article treaty of
August seventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty of January twenty-fourth, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article
treaty of August seventh, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for blacksmith and
assistant, and foi shop and tools, per eighth
article treaty of January twenty-fourth, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article
treaty of August seventh, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, eigat hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent annuity for iron and steel for
bhop, per eighth article treaty of January
twenty fourth, eighteen hundred and twenty-
six, and fifth article treaty of August seventh,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two hundred
and seventy dollars.
For permanent annuity for the pay of a
wheelwright, per eighth article treaty of Jan-
uary twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and
twenty-six, and fifth article treaty of August
seventh, eighteeu hundred and fifty-six, six
hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
eight huudred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop, three hundred
and seventy dollars.
For wagon-maker, six hundred dollars.
For education, one thousand dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations,
two thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars, for purposes of education,
per sixth article treaty of August seventh,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, ten thousand
dollars.
For interest on six hundred and seventy-five
thousand one hundred and sixty-eight dollars,
at the rate of five per centum per annum, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, under provisions of third
article treaty of June fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, thirty-three thousand
seven hundred and fifty-eight dollars and forty
cents.
Crows.
For fifth of thirty installments, to supply
male persons, six hundred in number, over
fourteen years of age, with a suit of good sub-
stantial woolen clothing, consisting of coat,
hat, pantaloons, flannel shirt, and woolen
socks, as per ninth article treaty of May
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
eight thousand four hundred dollars.
For fifth of thirty installments, to supply
each female, seven hundred in number, over
twelve years of age, wit'll a flannel shirt, or
the goods necessary to make the same, a pair
of woolen hose, twelve yards of calico, and
twelve yards of cotton domestic, as per same
article, eight thousand four hundred dollars.
For fifth of thirty installments, to supply
three hundred and fifty boys and three hun-
dred and fifty girls, under the ages named,
such flannel and cotton goods as may be needed
to make each a suit as aforesaid, together with
a pair of woolen hose for each, per same arti-
cle, five thousand nine hundred and twenty-
three dollars.
For fifth of ten installments, to be used by
the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
of such articles as, from time to time, the
condition and necessities may indicate to be
proper, the sum of ten dollars for each Indian
roaming, as per same article, a sum not ex-
ceeding ten thousand dollars.
For pay of a physician, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments, for pay
of teacher and furnishing necessary books and
stationery, under seventh article, same treaty,
three thousand dollars.
For pay of second blacksmith, and iron and
steel, as per eighth article of the same treaty,
two thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments, to be used by
the Secretary of the Interior in the purchase
of such articles as, from time to time, the con-
dition and necessities of the Indians may in-
dicate to be proper, the sum of twenty dollars
for each Indian engaged in agriculture, as per
ninth article of the same treaty, a sum not
exceeding twenty thousand dollars.
For last of four installments, to furnish such
Indians with flour and meat, as per ninth arti-
cle treaty of May seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, one hundred and thirty-one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For pay of carpenter, miller, engineer,
farmer, and blacksmith, as per fifteenth article
of the same treaty, five thousand two hundred
dollars.
For transportation of goods, seven thousand
dollars.
Delawares.
For interest on thirty-sfeven thousand ono
hundred and forty-three dollars and thirty-one
cents, at five per centum, being the vaiue, in
part, of thirty-six sections of land set apart by
treaty of eighteen hundred and twenty-nine
for education, per Senate resolution of June
thirteenth, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine,
and fifth article treaty of May sixth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-seven dollars and seventeen
cents.
D' Wamish and other Allied Tribes in Wash-
ington Territory.
For fourteenth installment on one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, under the direction
of the President, per sixth article treaty of
January twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For fourteenth 6f twenty installments, for
the establishment and support of an agricul-
tural and industrial school, and ter provide
said school with a suitable iastructor or in-
structors, per fourteenth article treaty of Jan-
nary twenty-second, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the support of a smith and carpenter shop,
and furnishing it with necessary tools, five
hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the employment of a blacksmith, carpenter,
farmer, and physician, who shall furnish medi-
cines for the sick, per fourteenth article treaty
of January twenty-second, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, four thousand six hundred
dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For last of five installments on one hundred
and twenty thousand dollars, being the third
series, for beneficial objects, at the discretion
of the President, per fourth article treaty of
July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand dollars.
• For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the support of an agricultural and industrial
school, keeping in repair the buildings, and
providing suitable furniture, books, and sta-
tionery, per fifth article treaty of July six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
providing suitable instructors therefor, per fifth
article treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair blacksmiths', tin and gun
smiths', carpenters', wagon and plow makers'
shops, and providing necessary tools therefor,
per fifth article treaty of July sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
employment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one car-
penter, and one wagon and plow-maker, per
fifth article treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair saw and flouring mills, and
for furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures
therefor, per fifth article treaty of July six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair the hospital, and providing
the necessary medicines and furniture there-
for, per fifth article treaty of July sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
pay of a physician, per fifth article treaty of
July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand four hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair the buildings required for the
various employes, and furnishing the neces-
sary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty
of July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the pay of each of the head chiefs of the Flat-
heads, Kootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles
tribes, per fifth article treaty July sixteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
• For transportation of annuity goods and
provisions to said Indians, per fifth article
treaty of July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
Gros Ventres.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may from time to time determine,
