580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
gentleman here that a difficult question of law
is involved in this amendment and this discus-
sion. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerb,] after making what he stated was an
argument according to his convictions upon
the question, after stating that his conviction
was that the companies were liable to the
Government, then stated that his argument
was not entirely satisfactory to himself The
ablest lawyers in the House have debated the
question pro and con.
I proposed yesterday that this matter be
referred, not merely to the Attorney General
or to any single Department officer, but that
the highest tribunals of the country should
pass upon this question and determine what
were the rights of the Government and the
rights of these parties; then, that not merely
should we enforce, if the decision was in favor
of the Government, the payment of the half
of the transportation, but the payment of the
interest, should these companies be liable for
it. The House, it seemed to me, in a spirit
of unfairness, prevented that proposition from
going, with its converse proposition, before this
committee for its consideration.
Are gentlemen afraid to leave this question
to the courts ? Are the claims of the Govern-
ment so doubtful that they must be kept from
impartial scrutiny? Or cannot you trust your
courts? If you cannot,can the adverse interests
trust you ? Here is party feeling, undue ex-
citement, parliamentary advantage. Is this
the tribuual to determine fairly these ques-
tions ? In my judgment it would be an act of
cruelty on the part of the Congress of the
United States to repeal the only protection
afforded by preexisting laws to the widows
and orphans, the poor people all over the
country, who now hold the majority of this
stock. There are unquestionably rich men
interested, but there are thousands of poor
ones interested in the Union Pacific railroad
bonds. Your legislation has fixed their rights,
and if these are doubtful the companies are
willing to leave their value to judicial decis-
ion. They are law-abiding in this, and so
Bhould we be.
At whose instigation, let me ask, is the ex-
citement raised in this House ? I deny that
this tempest to which reference has been
made much affects the country; it is seen in
this House alone. Who is it that have an in-
terest in stirring up contests like this ? The
necessary effect of the mere discussion of such
things is to depreciate the value of the bonds
and other securities of these corporations. I
do not say that my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,] when he comes forward with
a proposition like this, or the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] with his ordinarily
suspicious nature when he agitates a question
of this sort, designs to depreciate the stock or
bonds of these companies, and to give Wall
street a chance to realize millions by that
depreciation. I do not say that this is their
object, but it is the necessary result of such
movements; and if gentlemen will watch
the operations of the stock market during the
last fortnight, since these questions have been
agitated in this House, and since it has been
intimated that Congress may evade what those
who bought stocks and bonds of these com-
panies believed were the rights of the
companies, they will see fluctuations day by
day, the stock going down; and this is the
uecessary result of such movements.
I say that these agitations have their origin
in that very motive, not on the part of gentle-
men who offer propositions in this House, but
on the part of those who influence these move-
ments. How easy it is to get a newspaper in
a member's district to publish an article that
will excite his suspicious! How easy to send
some apparently disinterested person in whom
. he has confidence to whisper in his ear: "Here
is a wrong that ought to be righted ; these
companies ought to be struck full in the fore-
head in defense of the Government."
Now, I want to call attention to the fact that
for six long years after the legislation of
1864 there was but one construction given to
that legislation by the Treasury Department
and every other Department of the Govern-
i ment. The money was paid out regularly
according to this statute, which says that—
" Only one half of the compensation for services
rendered for the Government by said companies
l sball be required to be applied to the payment of the
bonds issued by tho Government in aid of the con-
; struction of said roads."
j That provision followed section six of the
act of 1862 which provided that—
i " All compensation for services rendered for the
Government shall be applied to the payment of said
! bonds and interest until the whole amount is fully
paid."
! The act of 1862 provided that the whole
compensation due the companies should be
appropriated to the payment of the bonds and
interest; the provision of the act of 1864
; was that only one half of such compensation
i should be appropriated in that way. Under
! that statute for six long years this money was
paid out to these companies. Then came Mr.
; Boutwell, who had voted against this provision
in 1864, and decided that payment should not
be made to these companies as it had been.
He had voted against the provision in 1864
upon the principle stated in the debate by Mr.
Washburne, who said:
"Instead of the compensation due the companies
for services rendered to the Government being
applied to the payment of the bonds issued in aid
oftbe construction of the railroads, one half only by
this bill is to go in that direction, and the other half
is to be paid by the Government to the company—a
proposition I cannot agree to."
And Mr. Boutwell did not agree to it, but a
majority of the House and a majority of the
Senate did agree to it. and it became law. But
when Mr. Boutwell took charge of the Treas-
ury Department, following the opinions he had
already declared—I do not say that he did it
dishonestly or unfairly or for the purpose of
influencing the stock of these companies—he
reversed the practice of the previous six years.
In this way tne question was raised while the
companies were without remedy. They cannot
sue the Government of the United States ; and
if this amendment is adopted, and the Secretary
of the Treasury refuses again (as he did several
years ago upon a mere exparte hearing, without
an opportunity for the companies to be heard,)
to pay this money, the companies are remedi-
less. They cannot go into any court of law or
equity to enforce their rights against the General
Government; but the Government can institute
a suit, can sue them for the whole amount of
the interest. Hence the fairness of my propo-
sition presented yesterday, and hence the un-
fairness of repealing a legislative construction
of this law, which is the only construction the
companies can possibly procure; for they can
get no legal construction unless you send them
into court.
Now, sir, as a lawyer I state as my judg-
ment—I state it with deference to gentlemen
who differ from me—that there is a grave
legal question in this matter; that when the
original provision was that the whole compen-
sation earned by these companies should be
retained by the Government, and when sub-
sequently that requirement was repealed as to
one half the compensation due by the Govern-
ment to these companies, these circumstances
ought to raise in any reasonable man's mind
a doubt whether we have a right to say that
Congress did not mean that one half only-
should be reserved to the Government.
Now, sir, for a moment let me ask what is
the history of these roads? I remember, in
1862, when I stood on this very spot and
fought for hour after hour in the House of
Representatives to induce it to pass this bill.
In the Committee of the Whole under the five-
minutes rule I contended for its passage day
after day. I remember well that a gentleman
from Illinois (Mr. Lovejoy) rose and asked if
I really thought that if the bill were passed
this Pacific railroad would be constructed ;
and when I replied that the passage of the bill
would cause the construction of the Pacific
railroad he almost laughed in my face, be-
lieving that it was the sheerest credulity on my
part. I merely state this to show what was
the tone and temper of the House at the time
when the question was being argued previous
to the passage of the bill.
Great difficulties had to be met and over-
come, and one of the greatest was the dis-
belief that capitalists could or would build the
road. Even down to 1864 we could not secure
ready cooperation in the construction of the
road. To be sure there were feeble efforts.
Some funds were raised and companies were
organized, but there was really no heart in
the work. Then capitalists came to Wash-
ington and stated on what terms they would
build the road. They required, in the first
place, that it should be considered that the
bonds of the United States should be loaned
for thirty years, to carry interest during that
time. That such is the fact is shown by the
debates at the time. The building of the roads
was burdened at that time with the provision
that the payment of interest should be made
as it accrued. These burdensome conditions
crept in in 1862, contrary to my advice and
that of other friends of the project. Congress
listened to them in many particulars, and
especially in reference to this one, and with
such effect as to take off the requirement to
pay one half of the transportation earnings of
the bonds. After that legislation the capital-
ists kept their word and went on to finish the
road. The finishing of the Pacific railroad in
1871 proved when I declared on the floor of
this House that the legislation of Congress
then asked would build the road to the Pacific
was not the effect of mere credulity, but it
was a statement based upon a knowledge of
the case.
We induced the capitalists of the country
to build the road. They went on with lion-
like courage. They may have been or done
wrong in some matters. It may be that some
contracts were given out too high. It may be
that the construction of the Pacific railroad
should have been let out to ordinary contract
ors instead of being let to another corpora-
tion. I do not care about these things in this
connection. But these capitalists built this
road, and a good one it is; and I tell you, sir,
and I tell this House, that the Pacific railroad
is the glory of this age. Iu the midst of a
great civil war, when the nation's resources
were strained for the defense of its existence,
we took part of these resources to build a rail-
road binding in iron bonds the Atlan'ic and
the Pacific coasts. The people nuiversally
applauded the act. They will not now ask
that injustice be done to these companies, that
they be forced into bankruptcy or be com-
pelled to increase their rates of freight and
fare to meet extraordinary and unexpecteu
demands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPEER. Mr. Chairman, I regard the
sensitiveness of gentlemen on this floor to-day
as to their alleged sympathy for or connection
with railroads and railroad legislation as a
very healthy Bign. And I cannot help thinking
that it would have been for the interest of the
country if the American Congress ten years
ago had exhibited a little of the same fever-
ishness on this subject. It would have been
well for the public Treasury, which has been
plundered by railroad corporations and rail-
road legislation, and well for the national do-
main, which to the extent of hundreds of mil-
lions of acres has been squandered in the
interest and for the benefit of these corpora-
tions. They are the creatures of Congress;
they have been brought into life by its gener-
ous legislation; but to-day, bloated with the
wealth and the possessions which this legisla-
tion has given them, they think themselves
strong enough to turn upon their nursing
