1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
mit will the House now consider the prop-
osition of impeachment made by the gentle-
man from New York ?
Mr. RANDALL. It is not .a proposition
of impeachment, but to take into considera-
tion whether an impeachment shall be ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question does not
affect the privileges of the House. I ask the
Chair whether this is such a question of
privilege as to take precedence of everything
else? It does not occur to me as affecting the
privileges of this House.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of the
highest privilege. In the enumeration of ques-
tions of privilege are embraced a proposition
to impeach the President, which is one of the
highest privilege. This must be the same.
Mr. H1BBARD. Is it not too late to make
objection after the motion to lay upon the
table?
Mr. WOOD. When I submitted the reso-
lution I demanded the previous question, aud
when the previous question is demanded does
hot that take this out of the category in which
a gentleman could rise and object to its con-
sideration ?
The SPEAKER. There is no limit on the
rule. When any motion or proposition is
made it is for the House to determine whether
they will consider it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. What is the difference in a
vote of the House in its action on the objec-
tion of the gentleman, or upon the considera-
tion of the question ? Are they not precisely
the same, and will not the same vote of the
House determine the result as upon the other
question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to frame his own motion. His motion
is, the House do not consider this motion now.
Mr. ELDREDGE. A majority vote of the
House will determine whether they will or
not.
The SPEAKER. A majority vote will de-
termine. So far as privilege is involved it is
the duty of the Chair, a question of this kind
being made, to recognize the gentleman offer-
ing the resolution. The Chair has done that.
It is the right of the gentleman from Indiana
to object to its consideration.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 105, nays 109, not voting
26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell,
Biggs. Bird. James G.Blair, Boarman, Boles, Brax-
ton, Bright, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll,
Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,
Dodds, Dox, BuBose, Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Farns-
worth, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Horeford,
Herndon, Hibbard. Holman. Kendall, Kerr, King,
Lamison, Leach. Maelntyre, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, McKinney,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan,
Morphis, Silas L. Niblack, Wiliam E. Niblack, Hosea
W. Parker, Perry, Porter, Potter, Price, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Bice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion
H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
Slocum, Slots, Worthington C. Smith,Speer, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Sutherland, Terry, Tuthill, Van
Trump, Vanghan, Voorhees, Waddell, Warren,
Wells, Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barry,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, Buckley, Buffinton,
Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Crocker,
Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Eames,
Elliott, Esty, Farwell. Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye. Garfield, Hale, Halsey,
Harmer, George E. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
Keiiogg, Ketcham. Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, May-
nard, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, McKee, Mer-
riam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Nog-
ley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce. Peters. Piatt, Poland,
Rainey, Eilis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Sconeld,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Sny-
der, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Sypher. Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson. Walden. Waldron.
Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard. Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—109.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barber, Barnum.
Brooks, Campbell, Coburn, Conner, Creely J)arrall,
Forker, Golladay, Kelley, Killinger, Kinsella,
Lewis, Lynch, McNeely, Prindle, Rusk, Seeley,
Snapp, Swann, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Wakeman,
and Williams of New York—26.
So the House refused to consider the res-
olution.
Mr. TYNER. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to say on the question of con-
sideration- 
Several Members. We object.
Mr. RANDALL. The best speech is a man's
vote.
Mr. TYNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion as a question of privilege.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to submit a propo-
sition in reference to the resolution the con-
sideration of which has just been voted on.
The Clerk read Mr. Tyner's resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That the testimony taken by the com-
mittee of this House of which Mr. Poland, of Ver-
mont,, is_ chairman, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire whether
anything in such testimony warrants articles of im-
peachment of any officer of the United States not a
member of this House, or makes it jjroper that
further investigation should be ordered in his ease.
Mr. TYNER. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BANKS. I ask leave to submit a propo-
sition that these two resolutions be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
. Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object also to the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. Everybody knows that it is too late to
consider any such question. Congress will
expire before any action could be taken.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; aud under the
operation thereof the resolution offered by
Mr. Tyner was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment of pension laws.
Mr. MOORE. The bill (H. R. No. 2312)
to revise, consolidate, and amend the laws
relating to pensions, eomes back from the Sen-
ate with amendments. I ask that a committee
of conference be asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pacific mail steamship company.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I offer the following preamble and
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas in tho testimony taken before the Ways
and Means Committee of this House, in reference to
certain matters committed to said committee for in-
vestigation, it was sworn by Legrande Lockwood, of
New York city, tha.t a large sum of money was used
to secure the passage through Congress of an in-
creased annual appropriation to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, in the nature of a subsidy for
the transportation of mails and for other purposes:
Therefore,
Beit resolved. That said Committee of Ways and
Means are hereby authorized and directed to make
full inquiry into the truth or falsity of the said sworn
statement; and to this end the said committee is
hereby authorized and directed to send for persons
and papers, and generally to exercise such powers
and discretion as will be necessary thereto.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolption was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BANKS- I call up for consideration
at this time the bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry
into effect the provisions of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, signed in
the city of Washington the 8th day of May,
1871, relating tothe fisheries, which has been
made a special order by the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will make some arrangement to limit the
time the consideration of his bill will occupy,
I will not antagonize it.
Mr. BANKS. I do not desire myself to
occupy much time; nor do my colleagues of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. We would
be glad that the previous question should be
ordered now, which will give us one hour for
discussion, of which I am willing that the
opponents of the bill shall have half. That
the sense of the House may be taken upon it,
I now move the previous question, with the
understanding I have just stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I object to this bill coming up. I
desire to say that this special order has no
precedence. This is a matter of very grave
consequence.
Mr. BANKS. I object to debate.
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. This is
a matter of very grave consequence, and I
propose to object to the further consideration
of the bill.
Mr. BANKS. Very well ; let us have the
sense of the House on that; the question has
been stated, and now it is submitted to the
House, let the House say whether it will con-
sider it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. Is the bill in such a manner before the
House that the question of consideration is
the one to be submitted?
Mr. BANKS. The bill is before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I know
that it is. Therefore the motion for the con-
sideration of the bill is not the one to be made.
What I wish to point out is this, that there is
no such special order as requires this bill to
be brought up now.
The SPEAKER. With what does the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
antagonize the bill?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to antagonize it in this way. I propose
to move, with the permission of the Chair,
that the rules be suspended and that the
House go into Committee of the Whole on the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
TheSPEAKER. That antagonizes it. One
form of vote brings the House to a conclusion
as well as the other. If the House shall agree
now to go into Committee of the Whole, that
ends this special order for to-day. If the
House does not go into Committee of the
Whole, this question is before the House.
Mr. BANKS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations knows whether the
business of the country requires whether the
House should go into Committee of the Whole
on the siate of the Union or not. I am satis-
fied to submit the question to the House.
The SPEAKER. If the House decides to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, that settles the business for
to-day; if the House refuses to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the Chair will, of course, recognize the chair-
man of the Committee on ioreign Affairs,
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. WOOD. I will only say that there are
grave reasons why this bill should be passed,
and passed now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] state
what agreement has been come to as to the
time that his bill shall occupy ?
Mr. BANKS. None whatever.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. May I then
inquire what this bill is about?
The SPEAKER. It relates to the fisheries.
