1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
including transportation thereof, in instruct-
ing in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employees, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
or the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, thirty-five
thousand dollars.
lowas.
For interest, in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to July first, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three, at five per centum per
annum, for education or other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the President,
per ninth article treaty of May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
For interest in lieu of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per second article treaty of January fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand
dollars.
For twentieth installment of interest on one
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum, for educational and other bene-
ficial purposes, per treaty of May eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars.
For twentieth and last installment on two
hundred thousand dollars, to be paid in eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-four, per second
article treaty of May eighteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, five thousand dollars.
For this amount, to enable the President of
the United States to carry out the provisions
of the third article of the treaty made with the
Kickapoo Indians, dated June twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to be paid
under guch rules as the Secretary of the In-
terior may prescribe, to twelve Kickapoo In-
dians who have become citizens of the Dnited
States, the same being their proportion of the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars provided
for said tribe for education and other bene-
ficial purposes, per treaty of May eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, four thousand
and fifty-four dollars and five cents.
Klamath and Modoc Indians.
For third of five installments, to be applied
under direction of the President, as per second
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, five thousand dol-
lars.
For seventh of twenty installments, for keep-
ing in repair one saw-mill, one flouring-mill,
buildings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and
•wagon and plow maker, the manual-labor
school, and hospital, as per fourth article
treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, one thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments, for the
purchase of tools and material for saw and
flour-mills, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon and
plow-makers' shops, and books and stationery
for the manual-labor school, as per fourth arti-
cle treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For eighth of fifteen installments, for p.iv
and subsistence of one superintendent of
farming, one farmer, one blacksmith, one
sawyer, one carpenter, and one wagon and
plow-maker, as per fifth article treaty of Octo-
ber fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, six thousand dollars.
For eighth of twenty installments, to pay
salary and subsistence of one physician, one
miller, and two school-teachers, as per fifth
article treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, three thousand six
hundred dollars.
MakaJi Tribe.
For fourth of ten installments of thirty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fifth series,) under
direction of the President, as per fifth article
treaty of January thirty-first, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, one thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
support of a smith and carpenter's shop, and
to provide the necessary tools therefor, per
eleventh article treaty of January thirty-first,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For fourteenth of* twenty installments, for
the support of an agricultural and industrial
school, and pay of teachers, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the employment of a blacksmith, carpenter,
farmer, and physician, who shall furnish med-
icine for the sick, four thousand six hundred
dollars.
Menomonees.
For eighth of fifteen installments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty o_f May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one
hundred and seventy-nine dollars and six
cents.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty of October sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, aud fourth article treaty
of June fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
nine hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per fifth article treaty of October
sixth, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth
article treaty of October twenth-third, eighteen
hundred and thirty-four, and fourth article
treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum for educational purposes, per third
article treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments upon
two hundred thousand dollars, perthird article
treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies—Ed River.
For permanent annuity, in goods or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty of August third,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity, in goods or other-
wise, per articles of treaty of August twenty-
first, eighteen hundred and five, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For permanent annuity, in goods or other-
wise, per third and separate articles treaty of
September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
nine, three hundred and fifty dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per
centum, per Senate amendment to fourth article
treaty of June fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, eleven thousand and sixty-two dollars and
eighty-nine cents.
Molels.
For pay of teacheTS of manual-labor schools,
for all necessary materials therefor, and for
the subsistence of the pupils, three thousand
dollars.
Mixed Shoshones, Bannocks, and Sheep Eaters.
For this amount, to be expended in such
foods, provisions, and other articles as the
'resident may, from time to time, determine,
including transportation thereof, instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employ6s, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Navajoes.
For fifth of ten installments, of such articles
of clothing, or raw material in lieu thereof, for
eight thousand Navajo Indians, not exceeding
five dollars per Indian, as per eighth article
treaty of June first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, forty thousand dollars.
For fourth of ten installments, to be used by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in the pur-
chase of such articles, as from time to time,
the condition and necessities of the Indians
may indicate to be proper, the sum of ten dol-
Jars to each person who engages in farming or
mechanical pursuits, (say one thousand four
hundred families,) fourteen thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, two thousand dol-
lars.
For transportation of goods, ten thousand
dollars.
Nez Perce Indians. *
For fourth of five installments, of third series,
for beneficial objects, at the discretion of the
President, per fourth article treaty of June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six
thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
support of two schools, one of which to be au
agricultural and industrial school, keeping- in
repair school-buildings, and for providing suit-
able furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth.
article treaty of June eleventh, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installmsnts, for
the employment ofone superintendent of teach-
ing and two teachers, per fifth article treaty of
June eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the employment of one superintendent of farm-
ing, and two farmers, two millers, two black-
smiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpen-
ter, and one wagon and plow-maker, per fifth
article treaty of June eleventh, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, forpay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty of June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand four hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair the buildings for the various
employes and for providing the necessary fur-
niture therefor, per fifth article treaty of June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, threei
hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the salary of such person as the tribe may select'
to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty
of June eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, one. thousand dollars.
For eighth of sixteen installments, for board-
ing and clothing the children who shall attend
the schools, providing the schools and board-
ing-houses with necessary furniture, the pur-
chase of necessary wagons, agricultural imple-1
ments, tools, and so forth, and for fencing of;
such lands as maybe needed for gardening and'
farming purposes for the schools, three thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of
