1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
mother. Flushed with their past success, and
conscious of their power, they now enter the
halls of the national Legislature and take
Congress by the throat and demand compliance
with their wishes, instead of resting their case
upon the merits and justice of what they ask.
They issue their behests, and command from
the Representatives of the people instant obe-
dience. Nor can it be deuied that they have
here and in the other end of the Capitol, and
have had for many years, gentlemen who,
judged by their -actions, love them more than
they love the people. These corporations have
received from the Government in land and
subsidies far more than it cost to build their
roads, and to-day there are gentlemen who
hold large amounts of stock in them without
having paid a single dollar for it. So enorm-
ous have been the profits of some of these cor-
porations that the dividends already received
have ten times exceeded the par value of the
stock upon which they were declared.
My colleague from the Philadelphia district
[Mr. Kklley] said that the only reason he
was not an owner of Credit Mobilier stock
was that he was not rich enough to buy it.
Why, Mr. Chairman, if reports are true, it
did not require a man to be very rich to own
this stock, for it paid for itself three, four,
or five times over within a single year by its
dividends. While it may be possible that
some gentlemen did not take that stock
because they were too poor to pay for it, it
is just as possible that some others did not
take it because they never had the chance.
It was known to be a "good thing," and
seems to have been offered only to those
whose influence or services were desired.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what is the amendment
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hibbard ?] It repeals the ninth section of
the Army appropriation bill of March 3, 1871,
and provides that it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury to apply all money
now due or that shall hereafter become due
from either of the Pacific railroad companies
embraced in said section, for the transporta-
tion of supplies, troops, mails, or otherwise,
to the payment of the indebtedness of such
company to the United States for interest
paid by the U nited States on bonds issued for
the benefit of said company.
The bonds do not mature for thirty years
from their date, but the iuterest is payable
semi-annually. The Government has paid
about sixteen millions of this interest, which
these companies have failed or refused to repay,
and to this extent and for this sum they are
now in default. And while the Government
has been compelled from year to year to pay
this interest, it has also been paying to these
8ame companies annually large sums of money
for the transportation of the mails, troops, &c.
The companies refuse to pay the interest on
these bonds as it falls due for the alleged reason
that the Government has no claim upon them
for it until the bonds mature, "except as to
one half of the compensation for services ren-
dered by them for the Government, and as to
five per cent, of their net earnings" after the
completion of their roads.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I was not satisfied by
the statement of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] that the law was so clear
(hat the act of 1871 was not necessary to
enable these companies to compel payment
in money from the Government of one half
the amount annually due them for their carry-
ing services. If the law was already so clear,
why did the gentleman as a member of the
conference committee agree to add this new
provision ? Bat the truth is, that instead of
tue law being settled as he states it, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was in doubt about its
true construction, and being so in doubt, he
referred the matter to the Attorney General.
And I now hold in my hand the opinion of
Attorney General Akerman, dated December
15, 1870, which is squarely in the teeth of the
construction of the law, stated with so much
positiveness by my learned friend from Ken-
tucky. The Attorney General held that the
Government had the right to reserve the whole
of the amount due from it annually to these
companies for the carrying of the mails, &c.,
for the purpose of meeting the indebtedness
incurred by it in paying the interest on the
bonds which had Been issued to them. In
other words, the pending amendment precisely
; expresses what the Attorney General declared
the law to be before the passage of the act of
1871.
But after that opinion had been given, and
after the Secretary of the Treasury was proceed-
ing to act upon it by withholding from these
corporations the sums due them by the Gov-
ernment for their services in the transporta-
tions of troops, &c., this innocent-looking
little provision was placed in the Army appro-
priation bill on March 3, 1871, cutting up the
law as declared by the highest law officer of
the Government, and compelling the payment
to these companies annually of one half the
' amount due them for mail services, &c., al-
though they were owing the Government at
the same time many millions of dollars as
interest on the bonds they had received.
Of course I attribute to the gentleman from
Kentucky no unworthy motives in this mat-
ter. I concede, as this House and the country
concede to him, the highest integrity; but his
apparent effort to vindicate the incorporation
of legislation so important in an Army ap-
propriation bill, where it did not properly
belong, is utterly unsatisfactory to me, and
leaves the impression on my mind unshaken,
that the act of 1871 was intended to benefit
these companies by changing the law as it
had been construed by the Attorney General.
This being the effect of that-legislation, why
should Congress not repeal that law, and place
these corporations back just where they stood
in their contest with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury? Let them stand on the law as it was
then, and if Attorney General Akerman was
wrong, and the gentleman from Kentucky is
right, these companies cannot suffer. If the
law was with thera, they will triumph; if it
was not, they should not be allowed to tri-
umph. Congress has higher duties to per-
form than to put into an Army appropriation
bill a matter of so much importance as this,
which became a law on the last night of the
session, without ever having been read in this
House.
These railroad companies owe the Govern-
ment to day near $16,000,000, for interest
which the Attorney General decided they
should have paid. Yet it is here claimed that
the Government, with this heavy sum due it,
should pay annually to these companies, thus
indebted, large amounts for carrying the
mails, &c. Let equity be done, by crediting
these corporations each year with the amounts
due them, until their honest debts are paid.
They should be taught to be just before they
ask the Government to be generous to them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to say to
the committee that while I opposed the legis-
lation referred to as I have explained, because
I regarded it as improper legislation, and was
willing that the company should stand where
they were before that law was passed, yet in
my judgment the law was clear as incorporated
in that section, to wit, that the Secretary of
the Treasury should only retain one half we
owed for transportation. The law of 1864
said that—
" Only one half of the compensation for services
rendered for the Government by said companies
shall be required to be applied to the payment of
the bonds issued by the Government in aid of the
construction of said roads."
The act of 1871 says :
"The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed
to pay over in money to the Pacific railroad com-
panies mentioned in said act and performing ser-
vices for the United States, ono half of theoompensa- ,
tion, at the rate provided by law for such services,
heretofore or hereafter rendered."
And the House committee, striking out
another proviso, inserted:
"Provided, That this section shall not be con-
strued to affect the legal rights of the Government
or the obligations of the companies except as herein
specifically provided."
It is perfectly obvious from simply reading
it that the law of 1864 said we should not
retain more than half. The very language
of the law of March, 1871, provided that the
Government should have the right to sue the
companies for interest if it desired. Why has
not the Government done it? There can be
but one answer : because, and only because,
its legal advisers know that if the United
States go into court they will take nothing by
their complaint. But we did not act upon that
or assume that to be the fact. We reserved
the right to sue for the interest. Why does
not Secretary Boutwell sue ? Gentlemen talk
of the right of set-off. There is no such right
as a set-off at common law, and none in equity
till default or insolvency is shown by suit.
There has been no default, as these companies
contend, and that so advised the Secretary
and virtually invited him to sue them if he
thought he had any just claim.
We can sue them, but they cannot sue us in
thecourts of the United States ; and now when
they are willing to abide by the decisions of
our own courts, is it fair to pass any law in
violation of existing contracts as they con-
tend if you close the doors of the courts
against them and take away that which is
due them? Is that justice? Is that honesty?
You may say that the laws of 1862 and 1864
were bad ones, but they are laws of the land,
and as such should be respected and obeyed.
If they owe you interest, sue them for it. The
Secretary of the Treasury never took action
upon the matter—the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is mistaken—until December, 1870.
He paid half the transportation money up to
that time without a murmur. Here is his let-
ter to the Speaker, dated December 19, 1870.
He never submitted the question to the Attor-
ney General until October, 1870, and in the
December following he laid the matter before
Congress and then Congress had to act upon
it. Decent respect for the Secretary required
that to be done. The Senate directed a com-
mittee to examine into the question on the
9th day of December, the moment the Sec-
retary had laid the difficulty before them, or
perhaps before that body was even officially
requested to act. That committee reported
that the Government had no right even to
retain the interest, that while it is owing it is
not doe nor demandable, and while the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] says there
is no donbt that under the law of 1862 they
were bound to pay it semi-annually, the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate said there was
no doubt that under that law they were not
obliged to pay it till the maturity of the bonds,
except by transportation and the five per cent,
on profits, and every man who took part in
the debate on that law in the Senate and
lower House said so too. On the 1st of May,
1862, Mr. White, of Indiana, said, (Congres-
sional Globe, 1861-62, page 1911:)
" It will be observed, by reference to the section
that there is no provision in reference to the pay-
ment of the current interest. I therefore move to
amend by adding to the seotion the following:
'"It is declared to be the true intent and meaning
of this section that the current interest on said bonds
shall be chargeable to said company, to be by them
reimbursed to the United States within one month
after each sepi-annual payment thereof by the
United States; and a default therein shall subject
the said company to the same liability and forfeit-
ure above provided for in case of the non-redemp-
tion of the bonds at their matnrity.'
" The seotion as it now Btands does not make any
provision for the payment of the current interest as
it accrues semi-annually. It may or may not have
been the intention of the eommittee that the inter-
est should be paid by the company. Probably it
was; but if not, then this amendment, of course,
will involve a principle which the committee has
not sanctioned. If it was the intention of the com-
mittee, and it is the intention of the Committee of
