246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the boarding-schools, two assistant teachers,
one farmer, one carpenter, and two millers,
seven thousand six hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair the hospital, and providing the
necessary medicines, and the furniture there-
for, three hundred dollars.
For repairs of houses, mills, and tools, and
necessary materials, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Nisquatty, Puyallup, and other Tribes and
Bands of Indians.
tor nineteenth installment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands, to be ap-
plied to beneficial objects, per fourth article
treaty of December twenty-sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments, for
pay of instructors, smith, carpenter, and physi-
cian, who shall furnish medicine to the sick,
per tenth article treaty of December twenty-
sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and support of smith, and carpenter-shop, and
providing the necessary tools therefor, in con-"
formity with tenth article of treaty of Decem-
ber twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one thousand live hundred dollars.
Northern Oheyennes and Arapahoes.
For fifth .of thirty installments, for purchase
of clothing, as per sixth article treaty of May
tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten installments, to be expended
by the Secretary of the Interior, ten dollars
for each Indian roaming, (say one thousand
eight hundred souls,) in the purchase of such
articles as, from time to time, the condition
and necessities of the Indians may indicate to
be proper, as per same treaty, eighteen thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of goods, five thousand
dollars.
Omahas.
For sixth of fifteen installments of this
amount, being third series, in money or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty of March six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty
thousand dollars.
For eighth of ten installments,'for keeping
in repair a grist and saw-mill, and support of
blacksmith-shop, per eighth article treaty of
March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty of March sixth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For eighth of ten installments, for pay of
one engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For eighth of ten installments, for pay of
one miller, per same, treaties, nine hundred
dollars.
For eighth of ten installments, for pay of
one farmer, per same treaties, nine hundred
dollars.
For eighth of ten installments, for pay of
blacksmith, per same treaties, nine hundred
dollars.
Nor sixth of ten installments, for support of
blacksmith-shop, and supplying tools for the
same, three hundred dollars.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum per
annum, being value of fifty-four sections of
land set apart by treaty of June second, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-five, for educational
purposes, per Senate resolution of January
ninth, eighteen hundred andthirty-eight, three
thousand four hundred and fifty-six dollars.
For interest on three hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum per annum, to be paid
semi-annually, in money or such articles as the
Secretary of the Interior may direct, as per
.first article treaty of September twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
Otoes and Missourias.
For sixth of fifteen installments, being the
third series, in money or otherwise, per fourth
articlc treaty of March fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, nine thousand dollars.
Pawnees.
For perpetual annuity, at'least one half of
which is to bp in goods and such articles as
may be deemed necessary for them, per second
article treaty of September twenty-fourth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, thirty thousand
dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools,
per third article treaty of September twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, ten
thousand dollars.
For pay of two farmers, two blacksmiths and
two apprentices, one miller and apprentice,
arid-two teachers, five thousand seven hundred
and eighty dollars.
_ For pay of physician and purchase of medi-
cines, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel and other
necessaries for the shops, five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of farming utensils and
stock, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For repair of grist and saw-mills, three hun-
dred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of de-
livery of annuities for the Pawnees, two thou-
sand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the employment of one ma-
tron,three teachers, and two assistant teachers,
and providing the schools with fuel, books, and
stationery, forty-seven hundred dollars.
Poncas.
For last of ten installments, (second series,)
to be paid to them or expended for their benefit,
ten thousand dollars.
For this amount, to be expended during the
pleasure of the President, in furnishing such
aid and assistance in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, including the working of the mill,
as provided by second article treaty of March
twelfth,eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, as the
Secretary of the Interior may consider advan-
tageous and necessary, seven thousand five
hundred dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be used at the discretion of
the President, to carry on the work of aiding
and instructing the I'oncas in the arts of civil-
ization, with a view to their self-support, and
for subsistence and clothing, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity, in silver, per fourth
article treaty of August third, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-five, three hundred and seventy-
eight dollars and ninety cents.
For permanent annuity, in silver, per third
article treaty of September thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and nine, one hundred and eighty-
nine dollars and forty-six cents.
For permanent annuity, in silver, per third
article treaty of October second, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, nine hundred and forty-
seven dollars and twenty-five cents.
For permanent annuity, in money, per sec-
ond article treaty of September twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, seven hun-
dred and fifty-seven dollars and seventy-nine
cents.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per second
article treaty of July twenty-ninth, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, six thousand and
sixty-two dollars and thirty-eight cents.
For educational purposes, five thousand
dollars.
For permanent provision for payment of
money, in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per
second article treaty of September twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth
article treaties of June fifth and seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one hundred
and thirteen dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For permanent provisions for three black-
smiths and assistants, and for iron and steel
for shops, per third article treaty of October
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
second article treaty of September twentieth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-.eight, and second
article treaty of July twenty-ninth, eighteen
hundred and twenty-nine, one thousand and
sixty-eight dollars and forty-nine cents.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of
Salt, per second article treaty of July twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, one
hundred and sixty-five dollars and seventy-
seven cents.
For interest on two hundred and forty-three
thousand six hundred forty-two dollars and
eleven cents, at five per centum, in conformity
with provisions of article seventh of treaties
of June fifth and seventeenth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, twelve thousand one hun-
dred and eighty-one dollars and sixty-one
cents.
For this amount, in coin, to enable the Sec-
retary of the Interior to carrry out the provis-
ions of the third article of the treaty with Pot,-
tawatomies of November fifteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, as modified by the
treaty of March twenty ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, by paying to those mem-
bers of the tribe who are entitled thereto
under said treaty provisions, a pro rata share
of their tribal funds, fifteen thousand seven
hundred and seventy-nine dollars and eighty-
two cents, provided that the sum of fifteen
thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine
dollars and eighty-two cents, in currency,
included in the appropriation of fifty-four
thousand and ninety-nine dollars and thirteen
cents, made for said Indians by the act of May
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, shall be covered into the Treasury. And
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized to sell eighty-six twenty-oue-hundred-
and-eightieth parts of the several classes of
bonds held by him in trust for and belonging
to the Pottawatomie Indians, and pay the pro-
ceeds thereof without any deduction, in com-
pliance with the provisions of said treaties, it
being the share of said eighty-six persons in
the bonds belonging to said Indians.
Pottawatomies of Hit/ron.
For permanent annuity, in money or other-
wise, per second article treaty of November
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and seven, four
hundred dollars.
Quapaws.
For education, during the pleasure of the
President, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistants, and tools,
iron, and steel for blacksmith's shop, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For oue farmer, during the pleasure of the
President, six hundred dollars.
Quinaielt and Quillehute Indians.
For fourth of five installments on twenty-five
thousand dollars, (being the first series,) for
beneficial objects, under the direction of the
President, per fourth article treaty of July
first, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school, •
and for pay of suitable instructors, per tenth
article treaty of July first, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
