1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
support of smith and carpenter shop, and to
provide the necessary tools therefor, per tenth
article treaty of July first, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, and
farmer, and a physician, who shall furnish
medicines for the sick, per tenth article treaty
of July first, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
four thousand one hundred dollars.
River Crows.
For this amount, to be expended for such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President, from time to time, may determine,
including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in
providing employes, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and
in any other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
Rogue Rivers.
For fourth of five installments, in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third
article treaty of September tenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, three thousand dol-
lars.
Sacs and Foxes of the
For permanent annuity, in goods or other-
wise, per third article treaty of November
third, eighteen hundred and four, one thousand
dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty of October twenty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article
treaty of October eleventh, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, forty thousand dollars.
For last of five installments, for support of a
physician and purchase of medicines, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For last of five installments, for supplying
said tribes with tobacco and salt, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per
centum, under the direction of the President,,
per second article of treaty of October twenty-
first, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven
thousand eight hundred and seventy dollars.
■Seminoles.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as
annuity, per eighth article treaty of August
seventh, eighteeu hundred and fifty-six, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, to be paid as
annuity, (they having joined their brethren
west,) per eighth article treaty of August sev-
enth, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars,-
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at the
rate of five per centum per annum, "to be
paid annually for the support of schools," as
per I'hird article treaty of March twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For interest on twenty thousand dollars, at
the rate of five per centum per annum, "to be
paid annually,'' for the support of the Seminole
government, as per third article treaty of March
twenty-first, eighteeu hundred and sixty-six,
one thousand dollars.
Senecas.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty of September twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty of September seventeenth, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shops and
tools, iron and steel, to be applied as stipu-
lated in the seventh article treaty of February
twenty-third,eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
one thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, six hundred dollars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest
on stock, per act of February nineteenth, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-one, six thousand
dollars.
Forinterest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per
act of June twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, three thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-
three thousand and fifty dollars, transferred
from the Ontario Bank to the United States
Treasury, per act of June twenty-seventh,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, two thousand
one hundred and fifty-two dollars and fifty
cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanent annuity, in specie, per fourth
article treaty of September seventeenth, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteeu, one thousand
dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools:
iron and steel, one thousand and sixty dollars
Senecas, Mixed Senecas and Shaivnees, Qua
paws, Confederated Peoria, Kashaskias
Weas, andl'iankeshaws, Oltawas of Blanch
ard'sFork and lioche JJeBceuf, and certain
Wyandotts.
For last of five installments, for blacksmith
and assistant, shop and tools, iron and steel
for shop, for Shawnees, five hundred dollars.
For fifth of six installments, for pay of black
smith, and for necessary iron and steel tools
for Peorias, Kaskaskias, Weas, and Pianke
shaws, one thousand one hundred and twenty
three dollars and twenty-nine cents.
Shawnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty of August third,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and third
article treaty of May tenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity, in specie, for educa-
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty of
September twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
seventeen, and third article treaty of May tenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty
thousand dollars, for educational purposes,
per third article treaty of May tenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Shoshones—Eastern Bands.
For tenth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction ot' the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per fifth article treaty of July
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, ten
thousand dollars.
Western Bands.
For tenth of twenty installments, under the
direction of the President, in the purchase of
such articles as he may deem suitable to their
wants, either as hunters or herdsmen, per
seventh article treaty of October first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three^ five thousand dollars.
Northwestern Bands.
For tenth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President,
in the purchase of such articles as he may
deem suitable to their wants, either as hunters
or herdsmen, per third article treaty of July
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
five thousand dollars.
Ooship Band.
For tenth of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction ot' the President,
in the purchase of such articles, including cattle
for herding or other purposes, as he shall deem
suitable to their wants and condition as hunters
or herdsmen, one thousand dollars.
Shoshones and Bannocks—Shoshones.
For fourth of thirty installments, to purchase
eight hundred suits of clothing for males over
fourteen years of age, the flannel, hose, calico,
and domestics for eight hundred females over
the age of twelve years, and such goods as
may be needed to make suits for eight hundred
boys and girls, thirteen thousand eight hundred
and seventy-four dollars.
For third of ten installments, for the pur-
chase of such articles as may be considered
proper by the Secretary of the Interior for one
thousand eight hundred persons roaming and
six hundred persons engaged in agriculture,
thirty thousand dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, as per tenth
article treaty of July third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, six thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For last of three installments, to be ex-
pended in presents for the ton persons who
grow the most valuable crops, under the same
act and treaty, five hundred dollars.
Bannocks.
For fourth of thirty installments, to purchase
four hundred suits of clothing for males over
fourteen years of age, the flannel, hose, calico,
and domestics for four hundred females over
the age of twelve years, and such flannel and
cotton goods as may be needed to make suits
for four hundred boys and girls, six thousand
nine hundred and thirty-seven dollars.
For fourth of ten installments, for the pur-
chase of such articles as may be considered
proper by the Secretary of the Interior, for
eight hundred persons roaming and four hun-
dred persons engaged in agriculture, sixteen
thousand dollars.
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter,
engineer, farmer, and blacksmith, six thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For transportation of goods that may be
purchased for the Shoshones and Bannocks,
five thousand dollars.
Shoshones, Bannocks, and other Bands of In-
dians in Idaho and Southeastern Oregon.
I?or this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, or other articles as the
President may, from time to time, determine,
including transportation, in instructing in agri-
cultural pursuits, in providing employes, ed-
ucating children, procuring medicine and med-
ical attendance, care for and support of the
aged, sick, and infirm, for the helpless orphans
of said Indians, and in any other respect to
promote their civilization, comfort, and im-
provement, forty thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent annuity, in clothing and
other useful articles, per sixth article treaty
of November seventeenth, seventeen hundred
and ninety-four, four thousand five hundred
dollars.
