1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
but for this agitatiou, but for the proper and
patriotic agitation of this grtjat question at the
present time, these roads would l>e found com-
ing to Congress seeking to obtain entire liquida-
tion of all claims against them on the part of
the Government growing out of their default.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I desire to de-
tain the House only a few moments longer in
order to say something in reply to the speech
of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] I
shall say nothing in any passionate spirit, or
in any spirit ef undue bitterness, as I think
some gentlemen have done. I am entirely
uuable to agree with him, or even to appre-
ciate what he means, when he says that it is
proposed here by somebody that the Congress
of <he United States shall repudiate its obliga-
tions. I know of no intention on the part of
anybody in this House to repudiate honorable
obligations of the Government or to violate
the contracts of the Government with any of
its people.
Much also has been said by him, and some-
thing by others, in reference to the alleged
intention of the holders of the first mortgage
bonds on these roads to take advantage of
this proposed legislation, and by reason of it,
to foreclose their mortgages and cut off for-
ever all recourse of the Government for the
ultimate payment of its advances to these
roads. Now, sir, that is a thing it is impos-
sible for these people to do, unless the Gov-
ernment criminally neglects to do its duty
toward the country. This Government has
power over these roads, both for their regula-
tion and for its own protection. This power is
ample and complete, and its existence is be-
yond dispute. By the express language of
both these laws this power was reserved, and
it must never be forgotten that when every one
of these bondholders acquired any of these
bonds, he or she, whether young or old, man
or woman, acquired them, in legal contem-
plation, with full and perfect knowledge of
all the provisions of these two 1&«!B ana'sub-
ject to all their limitations. How is it, then,
that they can come here and allege against
Congress that in the exercise of any of its
reserved powers it has been guilty of bad
faith, or of dishonorable violation of contracts?
Such talk is baseless in fact and without
decent color of legal foundation.
Mr. Chairman, it must be remembered that
when these acts were passed and Congress
reserved to itself the right to amend, alter, or
repeal them, every one of the bonds issued
by the Government, or by the companies, was
issued with express reference to those reserva-
tions. In legal contemplation, both these
laws are incorporated into all these bonds, and
constitute a legal and material part of them;
the bonds and the law are to be construed
together.
In 1864, when the Government agreed that
it would surrender its own first lien, and make
it a second lien in subordination to the first
mortgages of the companies, it did not abandon
or surrender its reserved right to alter, amend,
or repeal these laws. It surrendered no right
or power whatever, except only its priority of
lien. That waa all. It is most illogical, if
not absurd, to maintain that it thereby divested
itself of any other right or power. Every pro-
vision stands as it did before, except only so
much of section five of the act of July 1}
1862, as gave to the Government a first mort-
gage lien. The act of 1864 modified that part
so as to make the mortgage of the Govern-
ment a second lien and the mortgage of the
company a first lien. Then when the law of
1864 was passed, and the bondholders under
the mortgages of the road acquired a first
lien, they took that first lien with full and
explicit knowledge on their part that the Gov-
ernment retained for itself the right to'amend
all these laws in all other respects necessary
to protect the interests of the Government.
They are not now, therefore, taken by sur-
prise. The Government sets up no novel
claim, it asserts no right or power that is not
older than their bonds or their lien. It simply
appeals to the law which must stand as the
basis of the rights of both parties. This
charge of bad faith comes therefore in very
bad taste from the friends of these roads. It
is not creditable to their intelligence or fair-
ness. I am utterly opposed to their selfish
construction of their rights by these roads.
They indicate no disposition to deal fairly or to
do justly by the Government. They act as if
they were determined to withhold from the
Government what is unquestionably due to it,
and to defy its power for self-protection. It
is our imperative duty to rebuke this unjust
wd dishonest conduct. We should not hesi-
tate to compel these companies to perform
their part of this original contract. We should
rebuke their grasping avarice and protect the
overtaxed people against them. The people
have already tSo long been compelled to pay
millions of interest which the roads should
have paid.
Now, let me not be understood to say that
under this power to amend Congress may do
what would be manifestly inequitable. It
cannot take from these first-mortgage bond-
holders their first lien. It can do nothing of
that kind; but it can see to it that no set of
bondholders, or of corporations, or of wealth-
owners in this country shall step in between
the Congress of the United States and the
people, and swindle the latter out of all their
right in these great corporations. The Gov-
ernment must not stand by and see the peo-
ple robbed. It has no right to suffer these
great corporations to take millions from the
Treasury to pay their own debts. It will be
unmanly and criminal neglect of duty not to
compel these corporations to act houestly in
the discharge of their indisputable obligations
to the country, and the Government should do
its duty, if needs be, with the strong hand.
There should be no trifling or indecision in
our conduct toward unfaithful corporations,
and especially against such as have received
such magnificent benefactions from the peo-
ple.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I wish to say one word in addition, if you will
allow me.
Mr. KERB. I believe I have the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me make a
request of the House. I ask that the debate
on this paragraph may be limited to fifteen
minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not think so much
time as that will be required.
Mr. KERR. I do not need as much as
that.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have one
minute before the debate closes.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I will not take
up more than two or three minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I presume fif-
teen minutes will be time enough tor debate.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
closing debate in fifteen minutes?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
the reason I rise at this time at all is because
I do not wish to be misunderstood.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that the committee cannot close the
debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asked if there
were objection to closing the debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman from Illinois object ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not object;
but I make a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I (lid not ask
the committee to limit debate; but I merely
asked that by unanimous consent an agree-
ment should be made to close debate in fifteen
minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. On what?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On this para-
graph and amendments thereto.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I simply rise to say I did not know and could
not know what the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] meant when he referred to the
repealing clause of the charters, unless he
intended to assert the power we had over these
corporations I said 1 had no doubt we had
power to repeal, repudiate, or to do anything
else. I am glad to hear him say there is no
disposition anywhere to do that. I did not.
suppose there was in his mind a disposition to
do more than regulate this question. That is
his view. I repeat again I do not care whether
this legislation is repealed or not. I showed
when the question was first raised that I op-
posed its insertion more than anyone did. I
thought it was bad legislation. What I wish
to make clear is the fact that we do not in
breaking down the Pacific railroad companies
thereby bring the Government into power over
these roads or put it in a position to pro-
tect its rights, but, on the contrary, we do in
effect put ourselves in the hands, at the mercy,
and under the control of the first-mortgage
bondholders three fourths of the bonds now
being held by corporations which can unite to
buy the road at their own price. I do not
want that to be done. I want the roads to be
kept under Government control, with their
present charters and our existing rights, so as
to give a fair chance, with their increased busi-
ness and value growing out of the develop-
ment, to all the new States now springing up in
the interior of this continent to save our inter-
est and what we can of the priucipal, instead
of sacrificing both by a forced sale, while we
hold only a second mortgage.
Now, Mr. Chairman, whatever may be said
at this time, it was believed up to the comple-
tion of the Pacific railroad to be one of tho
grandest national enterprises ever undertaken.
The Democratic and the Republican parties
put resolutions in favor of its construction in
their party platforms long years before it was
begun. It has in tact developed untold wealth
in this country. It has saved many millions
in the way of transportation. It has done
more than that; it has rendered the holding
of our possessions on the Pacific coast and
the control of the commerce of the Pacific pos
sible to us as against all the other nations of
the world. Up to that time England could
have driven us from the Pacific with a single
ship. We had not a coaling station from the
West Indies in the Atlantic to San Diego in
the Pacific ocean. By treaty with South
American Powers England held them all. We
could not even cross the Isthmus of Panama
in time of war save with her consent. We
were excluded from all share in the trade with
China, Japan, and the Indies. We could not
transport our own coal, which is now as neces-
sary as powder in time of war, until the con-
struction of this road. Therefore it is I want
it to remain under the control of the 'United
States, and to see nothing is done by us which
will divest ourselves of that control. I do
not want to surrender it to the first-mortgage
bondholders, or to anybody else, or to do
anything which will have the effect of raising
a panic in its stocks or bonds by any hostile
legislation here. Stock-brokers never buy
stock of a road when they see bankruptcy
staring that road in the fane. Whatever may
be the intention of Congress, the effect of all
this legislation upon the couutry will be, in my
judgment, to make fnen afraid, to break down
the present organization, and to force it into
bankruptcy by the suits which we will order
for the payment of our sixteen million dollars
unpaid interest, and to throw it into the hands
of these bondholders. That is all I desire to
say, as it is impossible in a five-minutes speech
to preseuta legal argument on the merits of the
