248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sioux of different Tribes, including Santee
Sioux in the State of Nebraska, arid Poneas
on the Great Sioux Reservation, and Fam-
ilies of Santee Dakota Sioux who have taken
Homesteads at or near Flandreau, in Dakota
Territory.
For pay of second blacksmith, and furnish-
ing iron, steel, and other material, two thou-
sand dollars.
For fourth of thirty installments, to purchase
clothing for males over fourteen years of age,
for flannel, hose, and calico, and domestics
required for females over twelve years of age,
and for such flannel and cotton goods as may
be needed to make suits for boys and girls,
one hundred and fifty-nine thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For fourth of thirty installments, to purchase
such articles as may be considered proper by
the Secretary of the Interior for persons roam-
ing and for persons engaged in agriculture, two
hundred and thirty-six thousand dollars.
For the last of four installments for purchase
of beef, flour, bacon, and sugar in proportion-
ate quantities for twenty thousand persons,
under the tenth article of the treaty of April
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, and subsistence of Yankton Sioux, one
million three hundred and fourteen thousand
dollars: Provided,, That the unexpended bal-
ance of appropriations heretofore made for the
subsistence of the Northern Cheyennes and
Arapahoes may be used to reimburse the ap-
propriation heretofore made for subsistence of
Sioux of different tribes to an amount equal to
the amount heretofore expended from said
Sioux appropriation for the subsistence of the
Northern Cheyennes and Arapahoes at the
Red Cloud agency.
For pay of physician, five teachers, one car-
penter, one miller, one engineer, one farmer,
and one blacksmith, ten thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
For transportation and the necessary ex-
penses of delivering goods, to be purchased for
the different bands of the Sioux Indians, under
treaty of April twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
Sioux, Sisseton and Wahpeton ,and Senate
Sioux of Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake.
For this amount, being the first often install-
ments of the sum of eight hundred dollars
named in a certain agreement, made by the
commissioners appointed by the Secretary of
the.Inierior, under the provisions of the act of
June seventh, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, with the Sisseton and Wahpeton bands
of Sioux Indians, for the relinquishment, by
said Indians, of their claim to or interest in
the lands described in the second article of
the treaty made with them February nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, the same to
be expended under the direction of the Presi-
dent for the benefit of said Indians, in the
manner prescribed in said treaty of eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, as amended by the
Senate, eighty thousand dollars. And the said
agreement is 'hereby confirmed excepting so
much thereof as is included in paragraphs
numbered, respectively, third, fourth, fifth,
sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth: Provided,
That no part of this amount shall be expended
until after the ratification by said Indians of
said agreement as hereby amended.
Yankton Tribe of Sioux.
For fifth of ten installments, (second series,)
to be paid to them or expended for their ben-
efit, commencing with the year in which they
shall remove to and settle and reside upon
their reservation, per fourth article treaty of
April nineteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, forty thousand dollars.
For transportation of goods, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
Sioux on the Milk River Reservation.
For this amount, to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other useful articles as
the President may, from time to time, determ-
ine, including transportation, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, iu pro-
viding employes, educating children, procur-
ing medicines and medical attendance, care for
and support of the aged, sick, and infirm, for
the helpless orphans of said Indians, and in
any respect to promote their civilization, com-
fort, and improvement, one hundred thousand
dollars.
Wall-Pah-Pee Tribe of Snake Indians.
For second of ton installments, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President,
as per seventh article treaty of August twelfth,
.eighteen hundred and sixty-five, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
S' Klallams.
For fourth of five installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fifth series,) under the
direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty of January twenty-sixth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, two thousand four hundred
dollars. '
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
article treaty of January twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred aud.fit'ty-five, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
employment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and a physician, who shall furnish medicine
for the sick, per treaty of January twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thousand
six hundred dollars.
For support of a smith and carpenter shop,
and to provide the necessary tools therefor, five
hundred dollars.
Tabeguache Band of Utah Indians.
For last of ten installments, for the purchase
of goods, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, per eighth article treaty of
October seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and Senate amendment of March twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For last of ten installments, per eighth arti-
cle of said treaty, for the purchase of provisions,
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For pay of blacksmith, as per tenth article
of same treaty, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For transportation and general incidental
expenses of the delivery of goods, provisions",
and stock, as per same article of same treaty,
two thousand dollars.
Tabeguache, Muache, Capote, Weeminuche,
Yampa, Grand River, and Uintah Bands
of Utes.
For pay of two carpenters, two millers, two
farmers, and one blacksmith, as per fifteenth
article treaty of March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight, nine thousand dollars.
For pay of two teachers, as per same article
of same treaty, two thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron and steel, and the
necessary tools for blacksmith's shop, two
hundred and twenty dollars.
For fifth of thirty installments, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, for clothing, blankets, and such other
articles as he may think proper and necessary,
under eleventh article of same treaty, thirty
thousand dollars.
For annual amount, to be expended, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in supplying said Indians with beef, mutton,
wheat, flour, beans, and potatoes, as per twelfth
article of same treaty, thirty thousand dollars.
For transportation of such goods as may be
purchased for said Indians, seven thousand
dollars.
Teton Sioux.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to purchase subsistence and cloth-
ing for the Teton and other bands of Sioux in
the vicinity of Fort Peck, Montana Territory,
and for such other objects as the Secretary of
tho Interior, with the approval of the President,
may deem necessary and advisable, to promote
the civilization and improvement of said In-
dians, two hundred thousand dollars. But
this appropriation shall bo expended for the
benefit of such portions of said bands only, and
for such time as they maintain friendly rela-
tions to the United States: Provided, That if
any trader, his agent, or any person acting for
or under him, shall sell any arms or ammuni-
tion at his trading-post or other place "within
any district or country occupied by uncivilized
or hostile Indians, contrary to the rules and
regulations of the Secretary of the Interior,
such trader shall forfeit his right to trade with
the Indians, and the said Secretary shall ex-
clude such trader, and the agent, or other per-
son so offending, from such district or country
so occupied ; and the said Secretary is hereby
directed and required to adopt such rules as
may be necessary to prohibit such sales, and
to enforce the same.
Umpquas (Cow Creek Band).
For last of twenty installments, in blankets,
clothing, provisions, and stock, per third article
treaty of September nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, five hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
Umpquas and Calapooias of Umpqua Valley,
Oregon.
For fourth of five installments of the fourth
series of annuity, for beneficial objects, to be
expended as directed by the President, per
third article treaty of November twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
dollars.
For nineteenth of twenty installments, for
the pay of a teacher and purchase of books
and stationery, per sixth article treaty of No-
vember twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand four hundred and fifty
dollars.
Walla- Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For fourth of five installments of third series,
to be expended under the .direction of the
President, per second article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
B'orfourt-^enth of twenty installments, for the
purchase of all necessary mill-fixtures and
mechanical tools, medicines, and hospital
stores, books and stationery for schools, re-
pairs of school building and furniture, and for
eimjloyfe, three thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the pay and subsistence of one superintendent
of farming operations, one farmer, two millers,
one blacksmith, one wagon and plow-maker,
one carpenter and joiner, one physician, and
two teachers, per fourth article treaty of June
ninth', eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eleven
thousand two hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
the pay of each of the head chiefs of the
Walla-Walla, Cayuse, and Umatilla bands, the
sum of five hundred dollars per annum, per
fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
