1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15-49
Mr, DAWES- How can anything that is
out of order justify a reply that is out of order 1
Mr. ELDREDGE. I raise the point of order
that this question .cannot be considered in
committee, but that the Chairman must report
it to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. That is correct.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the question
the Chair is now considering. The Chair
overrules the point of order Suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.].
The Chair further rules that the language of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pi.att] is
not parliamentary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we
shall now proceed with the bill. That is par-
liamentary.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would like to ask
whether the language, though unparliamentary,
was not very " pungent." [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a question
for the Chair to determine.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I insist upon the point
of order which I raised before, that the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Virginia having
been excepted to, and the Chair having ruled it
out of order, the question should be reported
to the House for its action.
The CHAIRMAN. Has the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld hedge] any motion
to submit op the subject?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope I may be
allowed to go on. With regard to this little
flurry, 1 wish to say that I did. not really refer
to the gentleman from Virginia at all. I did
not know he was on his feet; I did not notice
he was here at the time. I did not make a
garment for him. I made a garment for a
larger man to wear if it fitted him. I made a
random shot; if it hit anybody I cannot help
it. But I confess I was surprised to see the
gentleman from Virginia making such aflutter;
for I did not aim at that bird at all. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PLATT. I cannot permit the remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois to pass without
saying something myself. I will say in exten-
uation of the language I used that when the
gentleman was closing his remarks I rose in
my place directly in front of him ; and though
I am aware that I am small in stature, I
certainly thought that when I addressed my-
self directly to the gentleman and stood so
near him, he ought to have heard me. I rose
to my feet and addressed the Chair, as the
parliamentary rule requires ; but immediately
afterward I turned to the gentleman from Illi-
nois and asked him whether he would permit
me to put to him a question, and he imme-
diately responded in the words to which I
took exception. He was certainly looking at
me at the time and gesticulating toward me ;
and if he did not mean to shoot at me he was
in precisely the situation of the cross-eyed
butcher who once, with an ax in his hand,
was about to strike a calf which was being
held by another man, and the man who held
the calf said, " Hold on, there! If you are
going to strike where you are looking, you must
get somebody else to hold this calf." [Laugh-
ter.] The gentleman was certainly looking at
me, and pointing at me, when he made that
remark, [laughter,] and I have only to say that
hereafter I hope he will look where he intends
to strike.
The question being takenon the amendment
of Mr. Farnsworth, there were—ayes 23,
noes 37; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having
voted, the Chair appoints as tellers the gen-
tleman from Virginia, Mr. i'i-.vT'i', and the
geotleipan from Illinois, Mr. Farnsworth.
[Laughter.]
The House then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 62, noe& 60.
So the amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
l?OE"continuation of construction of tlie building
for the custom-house, court-house, and postomceat
St. Louis, Missouri, $1,000,000: Provided, That the
total cost of the building and site shall not exceed
$4,000,000.
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. I move
to amend by inserting after the clause just read
the following:
For completion of a building for post office and
court-house in the city of Raleigh, North Carolina,
$100,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there any law
for that?
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. Yes, sir.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will hear the
gentleman's statement, reserving the point of
order.
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. At the
last session an appropriation of $100,000
was made for this building in the city of
Raleigh. The Supervising Architect made his
estimate and report, recommending an addi-
tional appropriation this year of $150,000.
The matter was submitted to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds; and upon
their suggestion I have offered this amend-
ment for an appropriation of only $100,000.
The committee assented to it. I have before
me the reportofthe Supervising Architect and
the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury that this be made. I do not ask for
$150,000, because I do not wish any opposition
on the part of the committee. They consented
to appropriate $100,000. The site has been
purchased.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain
by purchase, or to obtain by condemnation in the
courts of the State of Massachusetts, all that lot or
parcel of land lying easterly of the present site of
the new post office in Boston, and bounded by said
site. Water street, Congress street, and Milk street,
upon the lines of paid streets as they are now estab-
lished or may hereafter be established by due pro-
cess of law: Provided, That no money appropriated
for that purpose shall be used or expended in the
purchase of said sitxj until a valid title thereto shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the State
of Massachusetts shall cede its jurisdiction over the
same, and shall duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way assess said
site and the property of the United States that may
be thereon during the time that the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof: And provided
further, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
make no purchase of land under the provisions of
this act unless and until the city of Boston shall widen
Congress street, along the proposed new front of said
building, to at least a width of eighty feet, and Milk
and Water streets, where the buildings have been
destroyed by fire, to a width of at least sixty feet.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that this is new and independent
legislation not authorized by existing law.
Mr. HALE. If the Chair will indulge me
before he decides on the point of order, I wish
to say a word.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear
the gentleman briefly.
Mr. HALE. I presented this knowing the
point of order would be raised, but the point
of order does not lie against the amendment,
and for this reason ; it is not for any new
building. It is simply extending the limits of
the present building, which is being erected
under existing law, in order to provide for
additional storage much needed there. It
seems clear where the Government has decided
there shall be a public building for this pur-
pose it is within the meaning of the rule to
move an amendment for this increase of facil-
ities. As the Chair intimated I should state
this point briefly, I will not say anything fur-
ther.
Mr. POTTER. Is the building now com-
pleted?
Mr. HALE. It is not completed. It was
injured by the great fire in Boston, and this
provision is indispensably necessary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me very
clearly the amendment is not in order to this
bill. For that very reason this was introduced
and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It was introduced
as a separate bill because it was independent
legislation. This bill proposes to change
streets in Boston. It makes it conditional
that the city of Boston shall make valid title.
The original bill which was passed authorized
the purchase of a site and the erection of a
building in Boston. That building was fin-
ished and the legislation was completed. This
is in no seDse the continuation of a public
building. It is clearly new legislation. If it
be not new legislation, then to carry out th%
gentleman's idea we may go on in this bill
and purchase any portion, however large, of
the city of Boston.
Mr. HALE. Not for a new building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not any matter
whether for a new building or an old one.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the one hun-
dred and twentieth rule be read.
Mr. HALE. The provision in the bill for
widening streets is merely a limitation on the
appropriation.
The Clerk read the one hundred and twen-
tieth rule, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is somewhat
doubtful whether the proposed amendment is
in order, but be throws that doubt in favor of
the amendment. He does so because the
rule read at the Clerk's desk provides for
appropriations in continuance of public works
already in progress which were previously
authorized by law may be in order on an
appropriation bill. The Chair believes this is
such an amendment as comes within the
limits of the rule, and will therefore rule the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Pending the
appeal of the gentleman from Illinois from the
decision of the Chair, I move that the com-
mittee do now rise, that another committee
may have an opportunity of reporting.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the Chair, Mr. Tyner
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
3921) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, from the select
committee appointed to make inquiry in rela-
tion to the affairs of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, the Credit Mobilier of America,
&c., submitted a report in writing, accom-
panied by a bill (H. R. No. 4031) to amend
an act entitled "An act to aid the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," and
to secure the interests of the United States
and of the people in the Union Pacific rail-
road ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I desire that
the bill and the report be printed and recom-
mitted to the committee, and that the report
be also printed in the Globe. I desire to state
that it is a partial report whieh accompanies
the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I had hoped that it would
be an impartial report. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I hope also
myself that it is an impartial report. But it
is a report only on a part of the matter sub-
mitted to the committee.
