18T3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Wichitas and other Affiliated Bands, and In-
dians in Country leased from Choctaws.
For this amount., to be expended in such
goods, provisions, and other articles as the
President may, from time to time, determine,
including transportation thereof, in instructing
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, in pro-
viding employes, educating children, procur-
ing medicine and medical attendance, care for
and support of the aged, sick, and infirm, for
the helpless orphans of said Indians, and in
auy other respect to promote their civiliza-
tion, comfort, and improvement, fifty thousand
dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on eight hundred and eighty-six
thousand nine hundred and nine dollars and
seventeen cents, at five per centum, per fourth
article treaty of November first, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, and joint resolution of
July seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, thirty-nine thousand three hundred and
forty-five dollars and forty-six cents.
For "twenty-seventh of thirty installments of
interest on seventy-five thousand three hundred
and eighty-seven dollars and twenty-eightcents,
at five per centum, per fourth article treaty of
October thirteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-
six, three thousand seven hundred and sixty-
nine dollars and thirty-six cents.
For interest on seventy-eight thousaud three
hundred and forty dollars and forty-one cents,
at five per centum, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, for
the erection of houses, improvement of their
allotments of land, purchase of stock, agricul-
tural implements, seeds, and other beneficial
purposes, three thousand nine hundred and
seventeen dollars and two cents.
For transportation of goods, three thousand
dollars.
Yakama Nation.
For fourth of five installments, of third series,
for beneficial objects, under the direction of
the President, per fourth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six thou-
sand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
support of two schools, one of which is to be
an agricultural and industrial school, keeping
in repair school buildings, and for providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
employment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty ot
June ninth, eighteen hundred and 'fifty-five,
three thousand two hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
employment of one superintendent of farming
and two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths,
one tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and
one wagon and plow-maker, per fifth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, eleven thousand four hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair saw and fiouring-mills, and
for furnishing the necessary tools and fixtures,
per fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair the hospital and providing
the necessary medicines and fixtures therefor,
per fifth article treaty of June ninth, eighteen
hundred and-fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths',
gunsmiths', carpenters', and wagon and plow-
makers' shops, and for providing necessary
tools therefor, per fifth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
pay of a physician, per fifth article treaty of
June ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for
keeping in repair the buildings required for the
various employes, and for providing the
necessary furniture thereof, per fifth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments, for the
salary of such persons as the said confederated
tribes and bands of Indians may select to be
their head chief, per fifth article treaty of June
ninth, eighteen hundred and.fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
GENERAL, INCIDENTAL EXPENSES OF THE INDIAN
SERVICE.
Arizona.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in the Territory of Arizona,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other useful articles, and to assist them
to locate in permanent abodes, and sustain
themselves by the pursuits of civilized life, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
California.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in California, pay of employes,
presents of goods, agricultural implements,
and other useful articles, and to assist them to
locate in permanent abodes, and sustain them-
selves by the pursuits of civilized life, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, eighty five thousand dollars.
Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Colorado Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, ten thousand dollars.
Dakota Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Dakota Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Idaho Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, ana other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Montana Territory, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other
useful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and to sustain themselves
by the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Nevada, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful arti-
cles, and to assist 1 hem to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to bo expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
New Mexico.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in New Mexico, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifty thousand dollars.
Oregon.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Oregon, including transport-
ation of annuity goods and presents, (where
no special provision therefor is made by trea-
ties, ) and for paying the expenses of the removal
and subsistence of' Indians in Oregon, (not
parties to any treaty,) and for pay for neces-
sary empIoyGs, forty thousand dollars.
Washington Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Washington Territory, includ-
ing transportation of annuity goods and pres-
ents, (where no special provision is made
therefor by treaties,) and for defraying the
expenses of removal and subsistence of In-
dians, and for pay of necessary employ6s,
twenty-four thousand four hundred dollars.
Utah Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian'service in Utah Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in
permanent abodes, and sustain themselves by
the pursuits of civilized life, including trans-
portation and necessary expenses of delivering
provisions to the Indians within the Utah
superintendeney, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
thirty-five thousand dollars.
Wyoming Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the
Indian service in Wyoming Territory, presents
of goodsj agricultural implements, and other
articles, and to assist them to locate in perma-
nent abodes, and sustain themselves by the
pursuits of civilized life, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
five thousand dollars.
For transportation, and the necessary ex-
penses of the delivery of the annuities and
provisions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota
and Michigan, six thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to defray the expenses of Indian
delegations who may visit Washington on busi-
ness connected with their respective tribes,
fifteen thousand dollars: Provided, That the
commission of citizens serving without pay,
appointed by the President under the provis-
ions of the fourth section of the act of April
tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, is
hereby continued, with the powers and duties
heretofore provided by law.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to defray the expenses of a gen-
eral council of certain Indians in the Indian
territory, as provided by the twelfth article
of the treaty with Cherokees of July nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the
tenth article of the treaty with Creeks of June
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
the seventh article of the treaty with Seminoles
of March twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and the eighth article of the treaty
with Choctaws and Chickasaws of April
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
fourteen thousand dollars.
And the amount of twenty-five thousand
dollars is hereby appropriated to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to remove the Winne-
bago Indians of Wisconsin from their present
location in that State to some suitable place,
