1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
interests of these stock-gamblers in New York
of which mention baa been made heretofore in
this debate.
iHere the hammer fell.]
ir. WILLARD. I ask the indulgence of
tho committee while I call attention to one or
two things which hare not been alluded to in
this debate. In the sixth section of the bill
incorporating this road there is a provision
that " after said road is completed and until
'said bonds and interest are paid, at least five
per cent, of the net earnings of the said road
shall be annually applied to the payment
thereof." In other words, Congress at that
time stipulated that as soon as these roads
were completed at least five per cent, of the
net earnings of the roads should be annually
set aside toward paying the interest upon this
debt. Now, it so happens, I believe, that
these roads ar« not either of them technically
completed yet. Whether this is the fault of
the roads or not, is, perhaps, not necessary to
consider here.
But this committee will see how easy it is
for the roads to avoid any payment under this
provision of the original act by simply failing
to complete to the satisfaction of the Govern-
ment some portion of their road. The Gov-
ernment has no power to compel the comple-
tion of this road, or any part of it; therefore,
so far as this five per cent, is concerned, the
Government is practically at the mercy of the
corporations themselves. They can, by simply
neglecting to complete the road to the satisfac-
tion of the Government, put off indefinitely
this payment of the five per cent, of their net
earnings.
For nearly three years these two roads have
been practically completed ; yet none of this
five per cent, has ever yet come into the hands
of the Government or into the Treasury of
the United States, for the simple reason that
the road is not satisfactorily completed, al-
though through trains have been running from
Omaha to San Francisco. Now, observe in
what attitude this leaves the Government.
The road can turn to the Government and say,
" unlessyou accept the road in its incomplete
and imperfect condition, you cannot get this
five per cent, of our net earnings," and the
Government is obliged to accept the road ia
an incomplete condition, or it cannot get the
five per cent. Thus the Government is prac-
tically at the mercy of the road.
Mr. DICKEY. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman whether it was not provided that
the road should be completed by 1876, and
that a failure to complete it by that time
should work a forfeiture of the entire fran-
chisc ?
Mr. WILLARD. I do not know how the
Government is going to get its money by de-
claring the franchises of these roads forfeited.
Nobody, I thiuk. proposes that Congress shall
take possession of the roads. It would be
financially the greatest folly in the world for
the Government to foreclose its mortgage for
the purpose of getting this five per cent.,
although holders of the first mortgage bonds
would undoubtedly be exceedingly glad to
have the Government foreclose and redeem
their bonds. In other words, it would be a
decidedly unprofitable business transaction for
the Government to assume an indebtedness of
$130,000,000 for the chance of getting the
interest on $65,000,000, and the Government
is not likely to do so foolish a thing.
I only call attention to this point in answer
to some supposed equities that have been
brought forward here in behalf of these two
corporations, and to show that they are not
complying with the terms of their original
grant, that this sixth section is not yet com-
plied with by these corporations, and that they
cannot come here and ask with any propriety
to be put in any better conditionin their claim
against the Government than you or I or any
other citizen. When we want any redress
against the Government in the courts of the
United States we come to Congress, but do
not expect to get relief by having a case made
up and submitted to the court. But it is
asked that these corporations shall be put in
a better position than individuals are, in that
they shall be practically allowed in an excep-
tional and privileged way to sue the United
States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, I want
to direct the attention of the committee to one
or two facts in connection with the legislation
i upon this subject. The original clause as in-
, serted in the Army appropriation bill was for
| the purpose of overturning the judgment and
| action of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
| was guided in that action by the opinion of his
Solicitor and of the then Attorney General.
I If I comprehend correctly the amendment of
: the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
: it proposes that we shall adopt certain legisla-
!' tion subject to the opinion of the present or a
j future Attorney General. Now, who ever heard
1 of such a mode of legislation? Was it ever
i before proposed that we in due form should
; enact here a law subject to the judgment and
i opinion of Mr. Williams or Mr. Smith or any-
body else, whoever the President may in his
judgment see fit to appoint as Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States? I hope Congress
will not engraft upon its statutes soch an
absurdity.
Something has been said in reference to the
benefit which accrues to stock-brokers by the
investigation of this subject, for which, per-
haps, I am in part responsible. I want to say that
human eye never saw my resolution until I
showed it to the reading clerk of this House
on the morning upon which I offered it, so
that when he came to read it he might be
able to decipher my writing.
Gentlemen must not Beek to escape from
the responsibilities of the situation by any
such inuendoes. They are sent here as Rep-
resentatives of the people to stand by and see
justice done. They are not sent here to quib-
ble or cavil in the interest of great corpora-
tions. So long as I am able 1 do not mean
to be deterred from the discharge of my duty
by any intimation that I am acting in the in-
terest of speculators.
While upon this subject I desire to give to
the Attorney General pf the United States a
hint in reference to this question. He is
learned in the law; I am only a layman; but
my experience here enables me to tell this
House and the country that, if the Attorney
General will do his duty and proceed under
the act of 1869, to which allusion has been
made in this debate, the profits of the Credit
Mobilier with its dividends of fifteen hundred
per cent, will go to the rightful owners, the
stockholders in this corporation, and to the
Government of the United States. A bill in
equity, if honestly, earnestly, and faithfully
pushed, will give justice to all, while it will at
the same time compel those who have improp-
erly, in my judgment, received dividends to dis-
gorge for the benefit of the Government and
the people of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask unani-
mous consent that the debate be closed, allow-
ing me a few minutes for some remarks I wish
to submit.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gabfield] will be agreed to.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
in the first place that the allegation with which
we began, that something wrong had been done
in this House, seems to me to have fallen com-
pletely to the ground. We have for the last
tour and a half been debating chiefly the merits
of this case. I will make no speech on that.
I simply ask the House to act on it. For my
own part, I desire the House to act so as not
to destroy great corporations which have been
built up, or to make those corporations in any
way an oppressive power over the rights of the
American people.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do wish to call the
attention of the committee to the fact that ten
years ago, when some of ns came to this Con-
gress, both political parties were vieing with
each other to see which should most earnestly
advocate the building of this great road. I
hope now both will vie with each other in see-
ing that perfect justice is done not only to the
people but to these two roads as well.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will not
say with reference to the legislation of 1864
that both parties vied with each other in
reference to that legislation, for he must
remember that was passed against our most
strenuous opposition.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say with one or
two exceptions the members of the House
voted unanimously.
Mr. WHEELER. I want to say, in response
t« what the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] has said as to these roads not being
completed, that the company had to 1876 in
which to do it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask that
by unanimous consent debate be closed on the
bill and amendments.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question first recurred on the following
| amendment to the amendment, moved by Mr.
I Wheeler:
Provided, That this repeal shall not take effect
until the Attorney General of the United States
ahull certify to the Secretary of the Treasury that
the railroad companies, or either of them, created
by the acts of July 1,1862, or July 2,1864, or either
of said acts, are liable under said acts, or either of
them, to the Government for any amount of inter-
est paid by the Government upon the bonds issued
in aid of said companies, or either of them.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 45, noes 91.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. DONNAN. I move the following
amendment to the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend by striking out all after the word " repeal."
Mr.HOLMAN. I ask that the words moved
to be stricken out be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to apply all such sums of money aro
now or shall become due to either of the Pacific
railroad companies embraced within the provisions
of said section from the United States for the trans-
portation of troops, supplies, mails, or otherwise, to
the payment of the indebtedness of such company
to the United States for interest paid by the United
States on bonds issued for the benefit of such com-
pany.
Mr. RANDALL. That only produces con-
fusion without benefit to any one.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask that the amendment
be read as it will read if this amendment to
the amendment be agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the ninth section of an act making appro-
priation for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1872. and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3,1871, is hereby repealed.
Mr. DONNAN. It simply provides for a
repeal of that section of the act and stops
there.
Mr. HOLMAN. It takes t.he whole life out
of the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. And does good to no-
body.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 83, noes 88.
Mr. SARGENT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Donnan and
Mr. Holmax were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 76.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment as amended was then agreed
to.
