586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to go back to make a correction
on page 47. When the Committee on Appro-
priations had under consideration the esti-
mates for the Land Office the Commissioner
was sick and could not attend. The estimates
were for $80,000; but the committee appro-
priated in the bill only $20,000. The Com-
missioner has satisfied us it. was a mistake;
and I move in line eleven hundred and thirty-
five to strike out "twenty" and insert
" thirty so it will read :
For map.*, diagrams, stationery, farniture, and re-
pairs of the same; miscellaneous items, including
two of the city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office; advertising and
telegraphing; miscellaneous items on account of
bounty lands and military patents, under the sev-
eral acts, aud contingent expenses under the swamp-
land act. $30,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is going back.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I asked consent,
and there being no objection, stated the rea-
sons for the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order
comes too late.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I oow desire to
call the attention of the committee to the ques-
tion of raising the salaries of clerks. I should
like to have that determined now, so we may
know what to do. I ask the Clerk to read the
amendment in reference to these salaries in-
serted on page 6.
The Clerk read as follows :
On page 6, in line one hundred and fourteen, after
the words "Journal clerk" insert the words "$3,600
each : two reading clerks."
In line one hundred and fifteen strike out "six"
and insert "four."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I simply desire
the expression of the judgment of the com-
mittee on the question of raising these sala-
ries.
Mr. HOLMAN. You are goiDg back on
. the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am simply
asking unanimous consent to take the expres-
sion of the committee on that amendment over
again.
Mr. RANDALL. I make the point of
order that the gentleman cannot go back to
a matter which the committee has already
decided.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I do not
preB8 it. I move that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House, with the amend-
ments.
Mr. .MERRIAM. Before the gentleman
makes that motion I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment, to come in
At the close of the bill:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall
be applied to payment for moneys seized from the
so-called confederate government.
I send to the desk a letter from the Treas-
urer of the United States, which I desire to
have read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the letter of
the Treasurer. Before he had concluded the
reading,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, said : I would
suggest that to save time the further reading
be dispensed with, and that leave be given to
print the letter in the Globe ; also that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Merbu.ii]
have leave to print in the Globe some remarks
he had intended to address to the committee
in support of his amendment.
There was no objection; and it was so or-
dered.
The letter is as follows:
Treasury of thf. United Status,
Washington, May 29,1872.
My Dear Sir: Your letter of the 24th instant,
with the iuclosures, as therein stated, has been
•received.
The latter, as requested by you, are herewith
returned. I have caused copies to be made of all
the papers and records in regard to the coin and
bullion that was captured at Augusta, Georgia, in
April, 1865, that were found in this office. These,
marked trom A to H, with a descriptive schedule
thereof, are herewith inclosed.
This coin and bullion, thelatterhaving since been
ooined, was originally left iu my custody for safe
keeping, as a special deposit, some time in the
spring of 1865. It was brought from Georgia by a
clerk then in this office, who was detailed for the
purpose, at the request of the Secretaries of the
Treasury and of War. Some time in February, or
early in March, 186(5, this deposit was claimed as
belonging to Virginia banks by parties from Rich-
mond, and afterward by other parties from Now
Orleans, as being private property belonging to
them.
The late oashier of this office, Mr. Middleton, and
others, as well as myself, recollect that an order
came down from the Secretary of the Treasury,
direeting that this treasure be shown to the parties
from Richmond, to enable them to identify the same,
or at least to enable them to decide whether it con-
sisted of coin like that alleged by them to have been
taken from their banks by the rebel government.
This order I declined to obey, insisting that per-
sons claiming ownership to property should be able
to describe before seeing it. Our recollection that
' this order was withdrawn is confirmed by the fact
( that neither it, nor any record thereof, can now be
i found in this office. The parties making the claim
of ownership to it were unable to give a descrip-
tion of the coin, or at least declined to do so.
j On March 8,1866, (vide papers marked " M,") there
:! was issued an order to me by the Secretary of the
j Treasury, acting for the then President, on the
j statement of the then Solicitor of the Treasury, cer-
|1 tifying that it belonged to them, to restore this, their
: j special deposit, to the representatives of oertain
:. Richmond banks therein named. This order, after
,'i consultation with the then Secretary of War, I
J j declined to execute.
j As I saw a strong disposition by those then in au-
i thority to surrender this captured treasure to some
j one, I advised that the bullion bo coined, and that
I the whole amount of the money be covered by war-
rant into the Treasury, so that nothing short of an
act ot Congress could authorize its disposal.
The then Secretary of the Treasury agreed that
the bullion should be coined, but directed that the
whole amount should then be held subject to his
further instructions, and directed me to furnish him
with a descriptive list of the deposit. (See copy of
his letter marked "D.") The correspondence be-
tween this office and the Director of the Mint relat-
ing to the character of the silver bars and their
probable origin, are marked respectively " C," " E,"
and " E 2d."
The descriptive list was furnished the then Secre-
tary of the Treasury. ( Vide exhibit "F.")
It is believed that an inspection of the copy of the
letter of Mr. Eckfeldt, the assayer of the Mint, will
satisfy any one that the silver bullion never be-
longed to a bank, and especially not to the banks
that lay claim to it, If it had, they would from its
peculiarity have been able to have given a descrip-
tion of it when by me requested so to do. From that
time till now I have heard nothing of this claim,
and I had supposed that it had been finally settled
and disposed of. Exhibit " II " is a copy of my let-
ter to Mr. McCulloch, then the Secretary of the
Treasury, inclosing my certificate of deposit for
895,264 37, being the cash value of the captured
property in coin, asking that the amount be covered
into the Treasury by warrant. This was done, and
the money so remains in the Treasury, subject to
the order of Congress. I desire to call particular
attention to a copy of my letter to the Secretary
of the Treasury, dated April 16, 1867, marked " G."
The information therein stated in regard to the
transfer of funds amounting to 815,000, by order of
the Secretary of the Treasury of the so-called con-
federate States, from Anderson, South Carolina,
to Augusta, Georgia, on the day before the sur-
render of Lee's army of northern Virginia, has
great significance. The book in which these entries
were made was exhibited to me by Captain Frank
Armin, who was the revenue inspector lor the third
district of South Carolina, and who has since, I
believe, been a member of the Legislature of that
State, and whose testimony can no doubt be pro-
cured. For the reasons mentioned in former letters
and those herein stated, I have become entirely sat-
isfied that however much money the Richmond
banks may have been despoiled of by the rebel gov-
ernment, the coin and bullion captured in Georgia
was no part of it. And I venture the opinion that
even if it had atsome time belonged to the banksnow
claiming it, which in my opinion is scarcely prob-
able, the ownership had passed from them, and that
at the time of its capture it belonged to the so-called
"confederate States," and that it became aod now
is a lawful prize, and that the remedy of the liich-
mond banks, if they have any, is against their
late government, and not against that of the United
States.
I have the honor to bo, very respectfully, yours,
F. E. SPINNER,
Treatwrer United /States.
Hon. Gboroc S. Boijtwell,
Secretary of the Treasury, Washington, D, O.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on
agreeing to the ameadment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Merriam.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I think there ought to be
some explanation given of the amendment.
Mr. YOUNG. I think the whole paper
ought to have been read. If not, I trust the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Merriam]
will give some explanation of his amendment.
Mr. MERRIAM. I will state that this prop-
erty, seized at Augusta, Georgia, in 1865, from
the train of the fleeing president of the " so
called" southern confederacy, was not private
property taken by our armies, but property to
be used against the Government for hostile
purposes, hence lawful prize money, and when
covered by warrant into the United States Treas-
ury cannot be paid out, under the Constitution,
except by an act of Congress. Held as captured
and abandoned property, it could be recovered
by judgment claimants in the Court of Claims
upon claims filed previous to the date of lim-
itation, which by proclamation of the Presi-
dent. confirmed by the Supreme Court, ex-
pired August 20, 1868, (two years after the
termination of the war,) and paid from the
permanent appropriation.
I find by records in the Court of Claims
that a claim was filed December 12, 1872, by
( the Bank of Louisiana (one Casey acting as
attorney) to recover this property. As the
time to pay claims from the permanent appro-
priation had expired previous to commencing
this suit, any judgment if recovered can be
paid and only paid from this appropriation or
future appropriations of Congress. I submit
1 to the House whether, in the light here shed
upon this case, it would not be wise to so
hedge this appropriation of $400,000 to the
Court of Claims that no part of it shall be
used to pay claims against this property
which so clearly belongs to the people of the
United States.
I think it is due to the patriotic and brave
defender of the public moneys whose letter
has just been read that we should be vigilant
and defend this treasure of varied and his-
toric interest against any and all combinations
to wrench it from his custody.
Mr. COX. I do not understand that any
money is to be paid out unless we make an
appropriation.
Mr. MERRIAM. We make an appropri-
ation of $400,000 to pay judgments of the
Court of Claims..
Mr. COX. This is just the same sort of
question as we had up the other day. It is
the decision of this House that the judgments
of the Court of Claims should be paid. But
my friend from New York wishes to discrim-
inate between two classes of judgments.
Mr. MERRIAM. This is prize money that
belongs to the people.
Mr. COX. If it belongs to the people it
ought to be put into the Treasury. But if the
courts determine that it belongs to somebody
p| en nrnQf tnon ?
Mr. PETERS. Who can tell so well as the
Court of Claims whether it belongs to the
United States or to some individual?
Mr. MERRIAM. My own idea is that all
this class of cases now adjudicated upon by
the Court of Claims should be brought back
to this House, and that Congress should give
their final judgment upon them.
Mr. COX. I hope the committee will un-
derstand what it is voting upon. Gentlemen
seem to suppose that this is a provision to
save the Treasury something. On the con-
trary, it is a provision that certain people shall
not have the results of their litigation in our
own courts.
Mr. PETERS. And it is based on the prem-
ise that the Court of Claims is to do very
great violence to the law. It is an imputation
on that court. I do not agree to the amend-
ment ; I think it is an improper one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we will
have a vote on the amendment.
The question being put on the amendment,
it was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I have re-
ceived a letter in reference to remarks I made
the other day in the Committee of the Whole
as to the claim of Mr. G. B. Lamar for cotton.
I ask leave to have it printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was stf
ordered.
