588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
suance of a suggestion made a day or two
since, and test the question whether the Com-
mittee of the Whole were in favor of raising
the salaries of twenty-five or thirty persons
employed about this House. Objection was
made to going back, and now, in accordance
with my instructions from the Committee on
Appropriations, I shall allow an amendment
to be offered to an amendment which was
adopted in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the sixth page which
raises the salaries of the two reading clerks,
and also to an amendment adopted at a later
point in the bill raising the salaries of twenty-
tive pagas. Those salaries were raised in
Committee of the Whole and we had no op-
portunity of testing the question whether we
would raise the salaries of other officers so as
to equalize them. The only resource, there-
fore, left is that I shall before moving the
previous question allow a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, that committee
having instructed me so to do in case this con-
tingency should oocur, to offer an amendment
to raise some other salaries so that the House
may have before them the question whether
they will amend the proposition reported from
the Committee of the Whole to raise some
salaries by raising the salaries of other officers
so as to make the increase fair and equitable,
or whether they will vote down the amend-
ments adopted in Committee of the Whole for
the increase of salaries of officers of the House.
In order that this question may be fairly
tested I yield now to my colleague on the com-
mittee from Maine [Mr. Hale] to offer an
amendment on the sixth page.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why will not the gentle-
man allow a vote to be taken, and see if the
House will concur in the action of the Com-
mittee of the Whole?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am following
the instructions of my committee.
Mr. HALE. Pursuant to instrnctions of
the Committee on Appropriations, I now
offer the amendment which I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. HOLMAN. • I reserve all points of
order that may be made upon the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
In line one hundred and fourteen, after " reading
clerk" insert "assistant Journal clerk and tally
clerk;" in line one hundred and fifteen strike out
"four" and insert "two;" and in line one hun-
dred and sixteen, after " one" insert the following:
That there be allowed to the officer disbursing
the contingent fund and other expenses of the
House of Representatives an annual sum of $576.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this proposition has not been considered
in Committee of the Whole, and making an
appropriation it must receive its first consid-
eration in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of
fact.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole and re-
jected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Journal clerk that this proposition, in these
exact words, was considered in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was not aware that this
proposition had been considered in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Thissame prop-
osition was submitted in Committee of the
Whole and voted down.
The SPEAKER. It only depends upon that
fact. If it was considered in Committee of the
Whole it is in order here; if not, not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I agreed to yield
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to move an amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I now renew the amend-
ment I offered in Committee of the Whole, and
move to amend the pending amendment by
adding, "that the clerk of the Committee of
Ways and Means and the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations shall receive an
annual salary of $3,000 each."
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order made on the amendment moved
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] on
the ground that having been offered and con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole it is now in
order to move it in the House. And the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] is also in order, for the same
reason.
Mr. HOLMAN. One of the most labor- \
ious clerks of this House is the clerk of the j
Committee of Claims. I move that he be
added to this list. I am opposed to any in-
crease of salaries, but I know be is a very
laborious clerk, and if any increase ismade
he should be included.
The SPEAKER. Was that considered in
Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was the other considered
in the Committee or the Whole ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was, and
voted down.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is not
in order.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
"[Mr. Dawes] so as to increase the Balary of
Mr. Dillon, the chief clerk of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, to $3,000 a year.
The SPEAKER. Was that proposition
considered in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was, and
voted down.
The SPEAKER. Then it is in order.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Kerb ; and it was agreed
to, upon a division—ayes 97, noes 27.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] as amended by the
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.]
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment ot Mr. Dawes was agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 89, noes 32.
The SPEAKER. The question is now ujxm
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] as amended.
The amendment of Mr. Hale, as amended,
was to increase the salaries of the assistant
Journal clerk, tally clerk, clerk of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, clerk of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and chief clerk of
the Sergeant-at-Arms to $3,000 a year each,
and to give an additional annual compensa-
tion of $576 to the officer disbursing the con-
tingent fund and other expenses of the House
of Representatives.
The question was taken; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 87, noes 26.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT called for the yeasand nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let this be
adopted, and then take the yeas and nays on
the whole proposition.
Mr. SARGENT. You cannot reach the
other proposition in Connection with this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, you can.
Mr. SARGENT. I would inquire of the
Chair if this question can be connected so as to
take the question on all these salaries by one
vote?
The SPEAKER. This iB an independent
proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
the amendment offered by my colleague on the.
committee [Mr. Hale] is an amendment to
the one adopted by the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. That comes to the House
incorporated in the bill so far as the Commit-
tee of the Whole can do so. This is an amend-
ment to the bill. The Chair could not have
entertained the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] except upon that
construction. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] moved an amendment; the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
moved an amendment thereto, and the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] moved an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then, Mr.
Speaker, I ask that I may be allowed to call
the previous question on the whole bill, and
that then we proceed to vote on the amend-
ments one by one.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman might as
well have the question settled now, because it
can only be taken by a separate vote at any
rate. The gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] has called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The desire of
the Committee on Appropriations was that the
whole question of salaries should be brought
into a single proposition. For that reason, as
I understood, my colleague on the committee
[Mr. Hale] moved his amendment as an
amendment to the provision with reference
to four clerks on tne sixth page of the bill
adopted in Committee of the Whole. Now,
if his amendment prevails, why does it not
bring the whole question up in one lump?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so un-
derstand it or he would not have entertained
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] because it is not competent to
amend in the third degree.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The under-
standing of the gentleman from Maine was
certainly what I stated; and I ask that such
be the general understanding by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly has
no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that this
may be considered as one proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] who has charge of this bill,
states that certain salaries were raised in the
body of the bill as reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and that he desires the
action just had in the House to be considered
as an amendment thereto, so that the vote
may be taken on the whole proposition to-
gether. This was not the way in which the
Chair understood the matter when the amend-
ment was. moved by the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object; let each stand
on its own merits.
The SPEAKER. The only difference is
that by one method two votes will be required,
and by the other one.
Mr. HALE. It is proper for me to say that
this matter was considered in the Committee
on Appropriations, and was designed to be
presented in connection with the amendment
that the committee had already adopted in
relation to certain clerks, so that they might
all stand together. I took the amendment as
it was prepared at the desk and handed to me.
Though such may not be the form of the prop-
osition, it was expected that the whole ques-
tion would be acted upon together. I tnink
the amendment which I offered the other day
in the Committee of the Whole and which was
rejected was in that form.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the language in which the amendment is
framed positively excludes the construction
which the gentleman from Maine and the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations de-
sire to put upon it. The motion was—
"On line one hundred and fourteen,"—
that means of the printed bill—
"after reading clerks,"—
which is part of the original text—
"add"—
Then comcs the amendment. The language
of the amendment excludes the construcr
tion which the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations desires to have put upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The words
