1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
in the last days allotted him here on earth his
soul was lit up by that hope of rest which
remaineth beyond the grave.
I would not invade with unnecessary words
the sacred preeincts of the home made desolate
by his death. However great our loss may
be, it is as nothing, compared with that of his
grief-stricken wife, who was so soon a bride
and a widow. It was her pleasant duty to
mold his nature to higher and loftier pur-
poses, and noble deeds. In her loneliness
she has the sympathy of friends who knew
him and who will miss him.
Mr. HAYS. Mr. Speaker, the sad and sol-
emn duty falls to me of mingling my sympa-
thies and regrets over the death of one of
our late colleagues, Hon. Thomas J. Speer, of
Georgia. On the day of our last adjourn
ment he was with us in the vigor of manhood
and the prime of middle years, yet to day his
" vacant chair " too plainly tells that insatiate
Death has done its somber work, and that his
bones are bleaching in the valleys of his own
loved Georgia, that he loved so truly and so
well. Would that I had longer known our
lamented colleague, that I might be better
enabled to do justice to his character and to
portray the history of his life.
You, however, Mr. Speaker, and indeed
every member upon the floor of this House,
will unite with me in bearing testimony to the
kindness, courtesy, diligence, ability, and sin-
cerity of purpose with which he conscientiously
discharged the duties of a Representative dur-
ing the late long and arduous session of Con-
gress. The impression left upon our hearts
by his uniform urbanity of manners and gen-
tlemanly and correct deportment will not be
effaced while time lasts, and will oft cause a
lingering look for the late cherished occupant
of yonder seat.
He was called into public life at a time
when the passions of men in his section,
friends and neighbors of by-gone happy years,
were lashed into fury and hate by the termin-
ation of the late unhappy and fratricidal civil
war, yet guided by his noble nature and the
great instincts of right and justice, he em-
braced the humanizing cause of equal rights
and exact justice to all men, and stood, in his
section of Georgia, almost solitary and alone,
firm and true as the friend of this Goverment,
like a rock in ocean's midst, that calmly defies
the storms and waves that roll around it. He
did this, Mr. Speaker, because he firmly be-
lieved that the principles he entertained, if
honestly carried out, would produce a higher
civilization, a more perfect happiness, a more
refined virtue, and a larger liberty than had
yet fallen to the lot of man. And to attain
those ends he labored with a zeal, an energy
and ability, that gave him the unbounded con-
fidence of his friends ; and his courtesy, gen-
erosity, and frankness of manner elicited the
esteem and respect of his political opponents.
To his bereaved family his loss can only be
measured and appreciated by those who know
and feel, as they knew and felt, the happiness
flowing from a life incessantly devoted to the
manifestation of the most affectionate relations
of husband. No words can express the ten-
der ties that have been severed by this sudden
and unexpected bereavement. Her loss is
irreparable, and nothing is left to her but to
linger and feed over the sadly sweet memories
of his devoted life.
The deceased member, Mr. Speaker, may
well be pointed at by coming generations, who,
overlooking the foibles and faults of erring
humanity, can yet applaud that manliness of
heart and defiance of danger which caused the
subject of these remarks to withstand the
adverse criticisms of old associates and learned
heads, and bequeath his time, his energies,
and his life to the healing of battle-bought
wounds and sectional jealousies.
Proud, then, of the career of all such men,
be they humble or grand, it gives me patriotic
satisfaction to move concurrence in the resolu-
tions just offered.
The question being taken on the resolutions,
they were unanimously agreed to.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees :
By Mr. BANKS; The memorial of George
W. Morse, of Louisiana, concerning the best
methods of improving rivers, water courses, &c.
By Mr. CARROLL: The petition of George
L. Fish and others, praying the repeal of a
portion of the stamp tax known as schedule C.
By Mr. COX: The petition of John Rudol-
phy and others for repeal of the stamp act.
By Mr. CRITCHER: The memorial of
Richard H. Stuart, John D. Rogers, J. R.
Taylor, Edward T. Tayloe, and others, pray-
ing the establishment of an international sys-
tem of crop and weather reports in accordance
with the suggestion of the late Commodore M.
F. Maury.
By Mr. DUKE: The petition of Peyton S.
Coles and Julia T., his wife, asking relief on
account of French spoliations.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of C. B.
Woodworth & Son, and others, praying the
repeal of schedule C.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Fred-
erick Brown, Russell & Landis, Bullock &
Crenshaw, J. H. Shenck & Son, Johnston,
Holioway & Co., and 16 others, of Phila-
delphia, druggists, perfumers, and manufac-
turers of proprietary medicines and medicinal
preparations, &c., for the repeal of that por-
tion of the act of Congress known as schedule
C, by which their manufactures are taxed by
stamps.
By Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana: The me-
morial of Cloud, Aiken & Co., and 18 others,
citizens of Evansville, Indiana, praying the
repeal of the law requiring stamps to be used
by druggists in certain cases.
By Mr. STORM: The petition of Cyrus
Lawall, Henry B. Semple, and others, of
Easton, Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of
so much of schedule 0 as requires certain
manufactured articles to be stamped.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of New Garden Monthly Meeting
of the Religious Society of Friends for the
prohibition by legislation of the manufacture,
importation, and sale of intoxicating liquors
as a beverage within the United States Terri-
tories and District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of New Garden Monthly
Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends
for the appointment of a commission of in-
quiry to investigate the subject of prohibitory
legislation and its effects on intemperance,
and the matter of national legislation to pre-
vent the traffic in intoxicating liquors as a
beverage.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 21, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Mr. MORTON. If no Senator desires to
hear the Journal read, I suggest that the read-
ing be dispensed with.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal
will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see that I cannot un-
derstand thn Journal as it is read, and there-
fore I will waive my request to have it read. "
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection the reading of the Journal
will be dispensed with; and it is dispensed
with.
enrolled bill signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the en-
rolled bill (S. No. 1310) to restore certain
property to Phineas Banning and Benjamin
D. Wilson, which had previously received
the signature of the Speaker of the House of
Representatives.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to Senate resolution of the 28th
ultimo, relative to fines, forfeitures, and seiz-
ures under the custom laws, &c., stating that
it would be contrary to public interests to give
the names of informers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance. I desire to state that the information
called for by that resolution has been furnished
unofficially to the Committee on Finance; but
I desire the communication to be referred to
the committee, so that it may be examined to
see whether it is proper for publication.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
fort ripley military reservation'.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 530) to pro-
vide for the disposition of that portion of the
military reservation at Fort Ripley, Minnesota,
which lies east of the Mississippi river.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. I prefer that that should
lie on the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie en the
table.
correction of error in enrolled bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing concurrent resolution from the House of
Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the joint
Committee on Enrolled Bills be authorized lo cor-
rect a name in the enrollment of a bill (II. R. So.
25-52) "granting a pension to James McAlfee," bv
striking out in the body of the bill and in the title
the name " McAlfee " and inserting instead thereof
the name " McAfee," the same having been incor-
rectly reported from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I reported
that bill from the Committee on Pensions, and
I move that the Senate concur in the resolution
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 468) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2747) providing for the
completion of the military road from Santa Fe
to Taos, in the Territory of New Mexico ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3279) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property," approved June 10,
1872 j
A bill (H. R. No. 3302) to aid in the erec-
tion of a monument to the memory of Major
General George H. Thomas ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3432) to limit the time for
the presentation to and decision of claims bv
the Commissary General of Subsistence, under
the act to restrict the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims, and for other purposes, approved
July 4, 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 3434) to provide for the
establishment of a large arsenal of construction
and repair, a powder depot, and h proving
ground at suitable points east of the Alieghati}
