im.
TH1 €OJSrGrRESSIOK"AL &LOB&
1553
mountains, and for the discontinuance and dis-
posal of gome of the smaller arsenals ;
A bill (EL R. No. 3452) to provide for the
better care' and protection Of subsistence sup-
plies ;
A b'11 (H. R. No. 3453) to provide for the
printing at the .Government* Printing Office of
one thousand copies of the descriptive anatom-
ical catalogue of the Army Medical Museum:
A bill (H. R. No. 3499) to authorize the
Secretary of War to ascertain the amount of
expense incurred by the territorial authorities
of Dakota for arms, equipments, military
stores, supplies, and all other expenses of the
volunteer forces of the Indian war of 1872:
A bill (H. R. No. 8609) to provide that no
person shall be promoted in the Army who is.
addicted to the intemperate use of intoxicat-
ing liquors and drugs;
A bill (H. R. No. 3645) to authorize the-
Secretary Of War to release the right.of way
to the Bay Ridge and Sea Shore Railroad
Company of Long Island over the military
reservation at Fort Hamilton, in the State of
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 3683) for the relief of
James 0. Livingston, late a private in com-
pany E third regiment Iowa volunteer in-
fantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3685) for the relief of
William Rood, late private of the thirty-sixth
regiment of Wisconsin volunteers;
A bill (EE. R. No. 3686) for the relief of
Charles W. Berry, late a private of the thirty-
sixth regiment of Wisconsin volunteers ;
A bill (S. R. No. 3687) to extend the time
for filing claims -for additional bounty under
the act of July 28, 1868;
A bill (H. R. No. 3783) for tha relief of
Captain Charles McClure;
A bill (H. R. No. 3981) for the relief of
Julia P. Lynde, minor child of R. D. Lynde,
late surgeon of United States volunteers, de-
ceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3999) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870," approved March-3,1869 ;
A bill (H. R: No.- 4005) to'purchase five
acres of land for the enlargement of the post
cemetery, Key West, Florida-;
A bill (H. R. No. 4006) to provide for the
inspection of the disbursements of appropria-
tions made by officers of the Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 4007) to provide head-
stones in the national military cemeteries ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4008) to confirm the pur-
chase by the executive department on the
8th of September) 1868, of a certain tract of
land at Omaha, Nebraska ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4010) to provide for the
Military Academy band, and to fix the pay of
its members;
A bill (H. R. No. 4011) to amend an act
entitled "An act in relation to bounties,"
approved April 22, 1872 ;
A bill (El. R. No. 4013) for the relief of
L. S. Campbell;
A bill (H. R. No. 4014) for the relief of
Margaret Merklein ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4015) authorizing the
Superintendent of the Military Academy to
convene general courts-martial;
A bill (H R. No. 4017) for the relief of
John McLaughlin and William South, late
privates in company H twenty-sixth regiment
of Missouri volunteer infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4018) to remove the charge
of desertion in the War Department against
Joseph H. Moore,, late private company A
eighteenth regiment Ohio volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 4019) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to certain organizations for monumental
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 4020) for the relief of
William H. Carmen, company E thirty-second
regiment Illinois volunteers ;
42d Cong. 3d Sbss.—No. 98.
A bill (H. ft. No. 4621) for the relief of
8a,muel Gruk, father of Caleb, H. Gruk, late a
private in-the first regiment Michigan infantry
volunteers;
A bill (H. p-. No. 4022) for the relief of
Joseph Bl'SJsston ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4023) to correct the mus-
ter of H. H'. Hinds, late captain fifty- seventh
Pennsylvania volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No, 4024) relating to brevet
appointments;
A bill. (H. R. No. 4025) for the relief of
Aaron B. Fry rear.
A bill (H. R. No. 4026) for the relief of
States and Territories for issues of arms and
ordnance stores made them for the maintenance
and preservation of the Union;
A' bill (H-R. No. 4027). for the relief of
Susan L. Galloway;
A bill (H. R. No. 4029) for the relief of
Charles ES. H. Holmes, late sergeant company
E sixth, regiment Maryland volunteers ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4030) to pay Charles
Probst, of New Mexico, for supplies furnished
the New Mexico militia during the late rebel-
lion.
The bill (H. R. No. 4016) to amend section
six of the act of July 4, 1864, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I present ajoint reso-
lution of the Legislature of South Carolina,
which I ask to have read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Concurrent resolution.
Be it resolved by the Senate, (the House of Repre-
sentatives concurring.) That our Senators in the
United States Senate are hereby instructed, and our
Representatives in the House of Representatives at
Washington are requested to use their influence
against the withdrawal of the United States troops
from this State, and to represent to his Excellency
the President of the United States that the with-
drawal of the same would be at the present time
detrimental to the permanent establishment and
maintenance of law and order in the State, and that
his Excellency the Governor is hereby requested to
forward to each of them certified copies ofthis reso-
lution.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs,' and ordered to be
printed. !
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of a
large number of citizensof Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the passage of an act to pay arrearages of
pension to General Joseph R. Matthews, of
the Pennsylvania volunteers. This petition
sets out certain services very meritorious on
the part of this officer, who was declared insane
before his application was finally acted upon,
and I ask the special attention of the Com-
mittee on Pensions to it as an exception to
their general rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to that committee.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of the
Sons of Temperance of Ohio, signed by Thomas
J. Melish, grand worthy patriarch, and John
Gundry, grand scribe, praying for a commis-
sion of inquiry concerning the traffic in intoxi-
cating liquors, and restrictive and prohibitory
legislation for the suppression of intemper-
ance ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
He also presented the petition of William
Burns, a citizen of Ohio, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of honorably
discharged soldiers, citizens of Ohio, praying
for the passage of the soldiers' bounty land
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CARPENTER. I present a resolution
of the Legislature of Wisconsin and ask that
it be read and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The resolution was read,
as follows:
Joint resolution No. 24 (Assembly) asking our Sena-
tors and Representatives iiS Congress to use their
influence m securing an appropriation from the
General Government for an improvement of the
harbor at the mouth of the Menomonee river,
between the States of Michigan and Wisconsin.
Resolved by the Assembly, (the senate Concurring,)
that our Senators and Representatives in Congress
be requested to use their influence and best efforts
to obtain appropriations from the General Govern-
ment tor the improvement of the harbor at the
Menomonee river, between the States
of Michigan and Wisconsin, and the harbor at the
mouth of the Oconto river, in the county of Oconto,
Wisconsin.
The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed. '
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of
citizens of Barry and Lawrence counties,
Missouri, asking Congress to compel the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad Company to
deduct the lands granted to the State of Mis-
souri in 1852 and applied by that State to the
southwestern branch of the Pacific railroad
from the amount of lands granted to the At-
lantic and Pacific railroad; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WINDOM presented the memorial of
H. Belfoy, publisher of the Meeker County
News, of Litchfield, Meeker county, Minne-
sota, remonstrating against the passage of the
bill before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
M. H. Stevens, publisher of the Western
Advance, of Wortnington, Noble county, Min-
nesota, and the memorial of V. C. Seward,
publisher of the Redwood Falls Mail, of Red-
wood county, Minnesota, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill before Congress reg-
ulating the postage on printed matter; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. ALCORN. I present a memorial from
the trustees of the University of Mississippi,
praying for the passage of what is commonly
known as the Morrill agricultural land bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill has
passed the Sedate, and the memorial will,
therefore lie on the table.
Mr. ALCORN. I was going to remark that,
as that bill had passed the Senate, I would
move that this memorial lie on the table. I
will say that the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morriu,] is
meeting with a hearty response in the State of
Mississippi, and, so far as I know, in all the
southern States. They warmly approve of his
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented three memorials
of citizens of the city of New York, remon-
strating against exclusion from their just par-
ticipation in the damages awarded by the
Geneva tribunal; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1604) to provide for the reopening of a mili-
tary and postal road from the mouth of Wal-
nut. river, in Kansas, to the mouth of the Main
Cache river, in Texas, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 am directed
by the Committee on Finance, -to whom was
referred the petition of William Thiving, of
Boston, praying a return of duties paid in
August, 1862, on cargo of the Sarah March,
to report it back to the Senate. Although a
financial question, it is so clearly a claim,
whatever its merits may be, that we ask to
have it referred to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
