590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws of
the United States.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have also a memorial
from the Legislature of the Territory of
Dakota, in which they represent that no grant
for the construction of railroads has ever been
made in that Territory south of the forty-sixth
parallel, which is I believe within that portion
of Dakota contemplated to be erected into a
Territory by the name of Pembina; and in
view of that fact they ask urgently that some-
thing may be done to advance the interests and
develop the resources of the remaining por-
tions of the Territory. I move that, without
reading, the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN presented the petition of
John P. Milton, of Annapolis, Maryland,
praying compensation for extra services ren-
dered by him as clerk to the commaudant of
the navy-yard at Memphis, Tennessee ; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of the
Sons of Temperance of Springfield, Missouri,
praying for the prohibition of the manufac-
ture, importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage in the Terri-
tories of the United States and in the District
of Columbia ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
memorial of the Grand Lodge of the Independ-
ent Order of Good Templars of the United
States, signed by its officers, asking for a com-
mission of inquiry concerning the results of
the traffic in intoxicating liquors, and of restric-
tive and probibitoi7 legislation for the sup-
pression of intemperance ; whieh was referred
to the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of seten
hundred soldiers, citizens of Kentucky, pray-
ing the passage of the bill granting bounty and
land warrants to all honorably discharged sol-
diers, sailors, and marines of the late war for
the Union ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Era,
Etta, Henry, and Guy Carleton, heirs of Gen-
eral James H. Carleton, deceased, praying
compensation for property destroyed by Uni-
ted States troops in 1854; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of
citizens of New Jersey, asking for the prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage in the Territories of the United States
and in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States.
i
withdrawal 01 papers.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask leave to withdraw the
papers in the case of Mrs. Mary J. McMallin,
of Virginia. They were presented before the
Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been
an adverse report in the case?
Mr. LEWIS. I think there has been.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Virginia desires that the papers in the
case of Mrs. McMullin, of Virginia, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and he
states that he believes there has been an ad-
verse report in the case. If there be no objec-
tion, the papers will be regarded as withdrawn,
and they are withdrawn.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Acting Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a letter of the Super-
intendent of the Census, relative to unpaid
claims for services rendered in taking the
eighth census of the U nited States by persons
unable to prove their loyalty, as required by
the act of June 24, 1870 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 6th instant, information as to certain
allowances to disbursing officers of the Navy
and Marine corps.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That communication is
in response to a resolution offered by me. I
should like to examine the communication
before it is referred ; and I move, therefore,
that for the present it lie on the table and be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 887) authorizing the Secretary of War to
correct an Array officer's record, submitted
an adverse report thereon; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1310) toreconvey
certain property to Phineas Banning and D.
B. Wilson, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a bill (S. No. 1378) to re-
quire national banks to restore their capital
when impaired, and to amend the national
currency act; which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
issue of united states notes
Mr. WRIGHT. Yesterday the chairman
of the Committee op Finance made a report
from a majority of that committee, touching a
resolution offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. ScottJ as to the authority of
the Secretary of the Treasury under existing
laws to issue new United States notes in lieu
of the $44,000,000 retired and canceled under
the act of April 12, 1866. It was stated at
the time that a minority of the committee,
consisting of the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Ferry] and myself, not agreeing with the
majority of the committee on the subject,
should have leave to prepare and present a
written report this morning. I accordingly
present the views of the minority this morn-
ing, and ask that they be printed with the
majority report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The minority
views will be printed with the report of the
Committee on Finance.
john thompson mason.
Mr. BAYARD. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report a bill (S. No. 1367)
for the relief of John Thompson Mason, form-
erly collector of customs at Baltimore, and late
United States depositary, and I ask for its
present consideration.
The bill was read. It proposes to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to reopen the accounts of John Thompson
Mason, as late collector of customs of the
district of Baltimore, and as late United States
depositary, and to reiiind to him such sums,
not exceeding $3,000, which may have been
paid into the Treasury by him as are shown
to have been stolen or embezzled by his late
clerk in the depositary department, Edward
A. Slicer, the Secretary of the Treasury being
satisfied that such larceny or embezzlement
did not occur through the negligence or de-
fault of Mason ; but if any of the moneys so
stolen or embezzled shall hereafter be recov-
ered, the same shall inure to the benefit of the
United States.
By unanimous consent the bill was read
three times, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous ]
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill 1
(S. No. 1368) for the relief of Albert S. :
Greene; which was read twice by it title, re- I
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 1369) to amend an act entitled
"An act. to revise, consolidate, and amend tbe
statutes relating to patents and copyrights,"
approved July 8, 1870; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Library, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT (by request) asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1370) to authorize the building
of the Wyoming and Montana railway; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com- '
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1371) for the relief of Lucy C. Field ;
which was read twice by its title, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mitee on Claims.
Mr. ALCORN a«ked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1372) to extend the provisions of an act
approved March 3, 1871, entitled "An act to
provide for the collection of debts due from
southern railroads, and for other purposes;"
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN (by request)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1373) to secure
a more efficient administration of Iudian
affairs in the several Territories; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1374) to aid the American Printing-House
and the American University for the Blind of
the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1376) for the relief of Eva, Ella, Henry, and
Guy Carleton, heirs of the late James H. Carle-
ton, deceased ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1376) to establish a post-road from Ben-
nettsville, North Carolina, to Laurel Hill,
South Carolina; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1377) for the relief of John McHarg, late col-
lector of internal revenue for the fifth collec-
tion district of the State of New York; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee ou Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1379) granting rights of way to rail-
road companies in the several Territories;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Pacific railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
rear admiral dahlgren.
( The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. If there be none,
the Seuate resumes the consideration of the
Calendar under the Anthony rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was a bill passed
by the uuanimous vote of the Senate the other
day for the relief of Mrs. Dahlgren, which is
hung up by a motion to reconsider. I hope
that that motion will be acted upou without
debate and the vote taken.
