254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
settlement, British North America.) and here-
after the salary of the consul at Vienna shall
be five thousand dollars.
iii.—consulates.
Schedule C.
Aux Cayes, Bahia, Batavia, Bay of Islands,
Cape Haytien, Candia, Cape Town, Cartha-
gena, Ceylon, Cobija, • Cyprus, Falkland
Islands, Fayal, Guayaquil, Guaymas, Maran-
ham, Matamoras, (Mexico,) Montevideo,
Omoa, Payta, Para, Paso del Norte, Piraeus,
Rio Grande, Saint Catharine, Santiago, (Cape
Verde,) Stettin, Santerem, Tabasco, Tahiti,
Talcahuano, Tumbez, Venice, Windsor, (Nova
Scotia,) Zanzibar.
For the payment of salaries of consular
officers not citizens of the United States, ten
thousand dollars: Provided, That the Secretary
of Slate shall each year report to Congress the
names of consular officers not citizens of the
United States to whom salaries have been paid,
and also the circumstances under which they
were appointed, and the allowance authorized
by section twenty-two of the act of August
eighteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
to be made to consular officers in certain cases
for office rent, may be increased to twenty per
centum of the amount of annual compensation
subject to the same limitation in said section
contained.
To reimburse R. S. Kendall, late consul of
the United States at Strasburg, for unavoidable
expenses, incurred by the sudden discontinu-
ance of that consulate in consequence of the
invasion of France by Germany, one thousand
dollars.
iv.—commercial agencies.
Schedule C.
Amoor River, Apia, Gaboon, Saint Paul de
Loanda, Lanthala, Sabinilla.
v.—commercial agencies.
Schedule B.
Madagascar, San Juan del Norte, Santo
Domingo.
For interpreters to the consulates in China,
Japan, and Siam, including loss by exchange,
five thousand seven hundred dollars.
For marshals for the consular courts in Japan,
including that of Nagasaki, and in China, Siam,
and Turkey,includingloss by exchange thereon,
seven thousand seven hundred dollars.
For stationery, book-cases, arms oftheUnited
States, seals, presses, and flags, and payment
of rent, freight, postage, and miscellaneous
expenses, including loss by exchange thereon,
one hundred thousand dollars; and the Sec-
retary of State is hereby authorized to furnish
seals to consular agents of the United States,
the cost of which shall be defrayed out of the
sum hereby appropriated.
For expenses for interpreters, guards, and
other matters at the consulates at Constanti-
nople, Smyrna, Candia, Alexandria, Jerusa-
lem, and Beirut, in the Turkish dominions,
three thousand dollars.
For rent of prisons for American convicts
in Siam and Turkey, and for wages of the
keepers of the same, including loss by ex-
change, four thousand dollars.
For rent of prison for American conyicts in
China, ono thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of keepers, care of offenders, and
expenses, ten thousand dollars.
For rent of prison for American convicts in
Japan, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For wages of keepers, care of offenders, and
expenses, five thousand dollars.
For expenses incurred in bringing home from
foreign countries persons charged with crime,
and expenses incident thereto, including loss
by exchange, five thousand dollars.
For relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For expenses which may be incurred in ac-
knowledging the services of masters and crews
of foreign vessels in rescuing American citizens
from shipwreck, five thousand dollars.
To meet the necessary expenses attendant
upon the execution of the neutrality act, to be
expended under the direction of the President,
in conformity with the third section of the aet
of May first, eighteen hundred and ten, entitled
''An act fixing the compensation of ministers
and consuls residing on the coast of Barbary,
and for other purposes," twenty thousand
dollars.
To meet the payment of the last annual in-
stallment of the proportion contributed by the
United States toward the capitalization of the
Scheldt dues, sixty-six thousand five hundred
and eighty-four dollars.
For the annual proportion due from the
Government of the United States of the ex-
penses of Cape Spartel light, on the coast of
Morocco, two hundred.and eighty-five dollars.
United States and British claims commis-
sion :
For salaries of secretary, assistant secretary,
messenger and watchman, four thousand four
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, namely: rent,
fuel, stationery, books, gas, printing, temporary
clerks, and other miscellaneous expenses of
similar character, twelve thousand two hun-
dred and forty dollars.
United States and Spanish claims commis-
sion :
For salaries of commissioner, counsel, sec-
retary, and messenger, eleven thousand two
hundred and twelve dollars.
For contingent expenses, three thousand
seven hundred and eighty-eight dollars.
United States and Mexican claims commis-
sion :
For salaries of commissioner, umpire, agent,
legal assistant to agent, secretary, two clerks
at one thousand four hundred dollars each, two
translators at one thousand five hundred dol-
lars each, messenger, and assistant messenger,
twenty-three thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, five thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 2. That when any diplomatic or con-
sular officer of the United States shall die in a
foreign country in the discharge of his duty,
there shall be paid to his widow, or, if no
widow survive him, then to his heirs at law, a
sum of money equal to the allowance now made
to such officer tor the time necessarily occu-
pied in making the transit from his post of duty
to his residence in the United States. To meet
the expense of this provision, there is hereby
appropriated, for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-four, a sum not
exceeding five thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. That no consular officer of the
United States shall hereafter grant a certificate
for goods, wares, or merchandise shipped from
countries adjacent to the United Stales, which
have passed a consulate after purchase for
shipment.
Approved, February 22, 1873.
Chap. CLXXXV.—An Act amendatory of an
Act" setting aside certain Proceeds of Inter-
nal Revenue, for the erection of Peniten-
tiaries in the Territories of Nebraska, Wash-
ington, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona,
and Dakota," approved January twenty-sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the net proceeds of
the internal revenue in the Territory of Wash-
ington, for the fiscal years severally ending on
the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty- six, the thirtieth day of J une, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, and the thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, be, and
the same hereby are, set aside and appropriated
to and for the purpose of erecting, undor the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, a
penitentiary building in said Territory Upon
the site designated by the Legislature thereof
and approved by the Secretary of the Interior:
Provided, That the moneys so set aside and
appropriated in said Territory shall be devoted
exclusively to the erection of a penitentiary
therein, and that the sanje shall not exceed in
amount the sum of forty thousand dollars.
Approved, February 22, 1873.
Chap. CLXXXVI.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell the Custom-
House Property at Plymouth, North Caro-
lina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be sold, at public auction,
without unnecessary delay, in the town of Ply-
mouthy in the State of North Carolina, to the
highest and best bidder, the old custom-house,
and the lot of land on which the same is situ-
ated, the whole being known as the "custom-
house property," in the said town of Plymouth,
in- the State of North Carolina, upon such
terms of payment as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury: Provided, That
said sale shall be had after due notiee.pub-
lished in some'newspaper at or near where'the
property is located.
Approved, February 22, 1873.'
Chap. CLXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief
of Settlers on the late Sioux Indian Reser-
vation, in the State of Minnesota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That all actual settlers,
who have diily filed their declaratory state-
ments under the preemption laws with the
register of the proper local land office, upon the
unsold lands now included within the limits of
the late Sioux Indian reservation in the State
of Minnesota, shall be allowed until the first
day of March, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and seventy-four, in which to make proof and
payment for their claims.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXCVIII.—An Act to define the limits
of the Collection District of the Teche, in
the State of Louisiana, and for other pur-
poses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that poriion of
the State of Louisiana described as follows, to
wit, commencing at the town of Plaquemine,
in the parish of Iberville ; thence down the
western bank of the Mississippi river to the
town of Donaldsonville, in the parish of Ascen-
sion ; thence down the Bayou Lafourche, and
along its eastern bank to the sea; thence west-
erly along the coast, including all the islands,
bays, and so forth, to the mouth of the Sabine
river; thence up the said Sabine river, and
along its eastern bank to a point due west
from the said town of Plaquemine; aud thence
to the_ place of beginning, shall be, and the
same is hereby, constituted and created the
collection district of the Teche.
Sec. 2. That the collector of said district
shall reside at Brashear, in the parish of Saint
Mary, which is hereby made the port of entry
of said collection .district of the Teche, and
shall be entitled to receive a salary of one
