1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1555
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 24 ; as follows:
. YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling.Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Perry
or Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinehuysen. Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Kamsey, Robertson
Sawyer. Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Win
dom—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Oooper, Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlm, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,Machen, Ran-
som, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton
Thurman.Tipton, Vickers, and Wright-24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron
woldthwaite, Harlan, Hill, Logan, Norwood, Pool
Spencer, Sumner, Trumbull, West, and Wilson—11
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the joint resolution (H. R. No
195) providing for the reporting and publica-
tion of the debates of Congress.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is an identically
similar joint resolution from the House of
Representatives which now lies on the table.
Mr. HOWE. That is the joint resolution
the Secretary has just read.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that the joint resolu-
tion from the House of Representatives ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstood that the motion of the Senator
from Rhode Island was to take up the House
joint resolution, and it is now up and open to
debate or amendment.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is now in the Senate and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed that the
Senator from Maryland rose before the joint
resolution had been reported to the Senate.
I do not know, however, that it makes any
difference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not make
any difference or the Chair would have stated
it. Precisely the same debate and the same
amendment can be made in the Senate as
could be made in Committee of the Whole ;
but the Senator from Maryland did not rise
until after the Chair had announced, after
waiting for debate or amendment, that the
joint resoluttion was reported to the Senate.
The Senator from Maryland is recognized.
The joint resolution is still open to debate or
amendment. The only difference is that being
in the Senate the repetition of votes is avoided.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, I have my objections to this resolution,
and those objections grow out of the experience
of the past more than from my knowledge of
the printing of the debates of Congress as now
conducted. I remember that when I was a
member of the House of Representatives some
years ago we had great trouble in regard to
contracts of this kind, and we had claims
brought against us upon almost every contract
that was made. We had them pending from
session to session, besides having at the same
time trouble and delay in the execution of the
regular printing for both Houses of Congress
and of the debates.
I am not specially concerned upon this sub-
ject. I feel that it is a matter of great public
interest and that we should be careful before
we undertake to enter into a contract with a
private establishment that is new to us for this
work that is to bind us for six years. If the
question is to be determined as between such
a private establishment and the public print
ing establishment, I should much prefer, and
I think the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives ought to prefer, that this printing
should be done, like all other printing for both
Houses of Congress, at the Public Printing
Office.
I know so well what the troubles have been
in the past, and I feel what will be the result
of this measure if carried into execution. We
are to be complicated in contracts of this kind,
I feel satisfied, and so naturally growing out
of contracts of this character—competitive
contracts between parties,: and especially
where partisan editors are involved. ' I know
that in the past in Contracts for the printing
such was the result. I remember that in 1850
or 1851, or about that period, we gave the
printing to Mr. Ritchie, and also at another
time Mr. Wendell had it, as the lowest bid-
ders. Claims resulting from those contracts
were of course brought before us, and we
were in trouble for some time respecting
them. Almost invariably in the end we
secured them against the loss they suffered
by bidding for the purpose of obtaining the
contract a price below what they could really
do the work for. I think Congress gave to
Mr. Ritchie $50,000 upon his contract. This
shows generally the character of these com-
petitive contracts for work of this kind, and
with Congress, a body that always can be
approached for relief against hard ones.
While we should consult economy, and
should endeavor to get the printing of our
debates done at the lowest possible price, that
is not the only question now before us, in my
judgment, nor is such a result likely to ensue
from a contract of this kind. Here we had
competitive bidders, and the resolution pro
poses to give the contract to the lowest. I do
not understand the precise nature of the con-
tract, nor its precise relations to the work
generally to be done; but I know this fact,
that in competitions for this work gentlemen
to obtain it will bid at prices that do not justify
them if remuneration is the sole object; but
they do it and in this view often, that Con-
gress is so generous, and so liberal, that when
they have done their work satisfactorily Con-
gress will not permit one to suffer. So far as
redress may be had upon the bond of such a
contractor, that is seldom or never considered.
When I hear gentlemen talk about the
responsibility of a bond, and tell us that this
gentleman, Mr. Murtagh, is to give a bond, I
do not question that he can, or that it would
not be a responsible one. So far as I know
anything personally of Mr. Murtagh, he is a
gentleman, and is abundantly able to give a
responsible bond; but the bond in itself
amounts to nothing. His bond never will be
sued for a delinquency, however responsible
it maybe. His bond is given to do what? To
secure the regular publication of the debates.
If he does not do it, true the sureties are lia-
ble. But the object of Congress is not lia-
bility upon the bond; we want the debates to
be published as they ought to be. We want
nobody to be responsible to us in money for a
deficiency in publication. The great object
of Congress is to have the publication of the
debates well done, promptly done, correctly
done, and I say, too, at the lowest possible
fair price. That is what we desire so much,
and not money for not doing it. When you
speak of bonds for completing a contract for
building railroads or other like works, or of
bonds given by officers who are to discharge
public duties in the receipt and payment of
moneys, we understand what is meant and
what the result is expected to be; that is, that
there will be compensation in money to reim-
burse absolute losses. But not so with your
debates. Mr. President, you want no com-
pensation for defects or imperfections in your
debates. There is no practical idea involved
in such compensation. You want your work
well done, as it should be done, and that is
all. Beyond that you do not look.
Looking at it in that view, the duty of Con-
gress is to pay a fair price for this work. I am
not for one, where there must necessarily be
in the course of six long years—the time which
this contract is to run—fluctuation in wages,
fluctuation in prices of material, and in all
those matters and things that go into the pub-
lication of these debates, willing to make a
contract so long to run as this one. We must
necessarily know that a bidder now cannot be
certaiii, cannot even be just to himself or to
the Government when he proposes to bid for
six years' work. He; may "think so, but it is
not in the nature of things that he can do so.
We may have an inflation of the currency
or we may return to specie payments.
We cannot tell what may occur during that
time to affect or change values ; and the idea
that an editor to-day can determine what he
can print the Congressional Globe for six
years hence is not within the bounds of a rea-
sonable certainty. With the casual exam-
ination I have had of the bids made by the
several gentlemen proposing to do this work,
I see that there is a great difference between
them; there is a difference of from $7,000
all the way up to $300,000, the bid of Mr.
Murtagh being, as I am informed, $168,000.
That is for the work of the last session if it
had been done by him under his Contract, and
which would of course apply to the work of the
subsequent sessions in the general execution
of his contract; and the bid of Mr. Osborne
was $502,000 for the same work. The bid of
the Globe office for the same, or the amount in
fact received by it as it performed the work,
was $240,000, as admitted by it.
There must be some substantial reason for
this difference. We can understand, Mr. Presi-
dent, that when a bid for the construction of a
dwelling to be erected at onceis made, there is
reasonable certainty as to the result both in re-
gard to the prices of labor and all other things ;
but when ofte undertakes to contract to do work
of this kind for six years, he must have a mar-
gin ; it may be to his profit, it may be to his
loss ; but common prudence, common discre-
tion, common management of his affairs will
require him to protect himself against the con-
tingencies of the future. Therefore, possibly,
is it that we observe the difference between
bids for this printing. We see that Mr. Mur-
tagh's bid was $168,000; the Government
Printing Office can do the same work for
$183,000; at all events it is the estimate of the
Congressional Printer, and I presume he un-
derstands what he says. That is the absolute
cost of the work; including the paper and the
materials, with no estimate, however, in this for
interest on any investment, or the wear and
tear of material; but it is for the absolute cost
of the work, with the materials for the printing
of the debates. We find Rives & Bailey,
$240,000; Ladd & Towers, $247,000; and
Osborne, $502,000.
Now let me take an average of these bids,
supposing that the gentlerben were influenced
by an appreciation of their interests, and desired
to bid in good faith, and so as to have a rea-
sonable compensation for their work. It is to
be assumed that these gentlemen came here
with an idea that some gentlemen in Congress
understood something about these matters,
and therefore when they undertook to bid they
did so with that knowledge, and so bid as to
secure reasonable compensation for their
work. In other words, can it be assumed
that they come here to shock the sensibilities
of Congress by a bid exorbitant, and out-
rageously so ? I presume not. They did not
come here to shock the sensibilities of Con-
gress by supposing that they were to thrust
their hands into the public Treasury and take
without limit or cavil; nor ought it to be as-
sumed that any gentleman bid so low iti this
instance so as to imply bad faith. Therefore,
looking at the highest bid and the lowest bid,
also including the Government estimate, if you
take the average you will find that it is about
$275,000.
Take again the lowest, Mr. Murtagh, and take
the next highest bidders, Messrs. Ladd &
Towers, including of course the Government
estimate and excluding the bid of Mr. Os-
borne, and you will find the average for the
publication of the debates to be $210,500. I
appeal to Senators whether that is not a
