1878.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S5
Latvs of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
thousand dollars yearly, said salary to cover
all expenses to the United States for house-
rent and storage.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chap. CXCIX.—An Act for the Relief of S.
P. Jocelyn.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That upon the occurrence
of a vacancy of the grade of first lieutenant in
his regiment, Second Lieutenants. P. Jocelyn,
twenty-first infantry, shall be entitled to pro-
motion to the grade of first lieutenant, with
date of commission and relative rank in the
Army held by him on the thirty-first day of
December, eighteen hundred and seventy:
Provided, That this act grants no back pay or
additional pay in any manner whatsoever.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chap. CC.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to provide for holding a Circuit
Court of the United States in the western
District of Missouri," approved June eight,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That tbe circuit court of
the United States in and for the eastern dis-
trict of Missouri, which was created by the act
of which this act is amendatory, is hereby
vested with full and complete jurisdiction to
hear, determine, and dispose of, according to
the usual course of judicial proceedings, all
suits, causes, motions, and other matters which
were pending in the late circuit court of the
United States in and for the districts of Mis-
souri at the time the act of which this act is
amendatory took efl'ect, and also all other
matters which have since arisen that pertain to
said suits or causes; and also to make all
orders and issues of all processes which said
last-named court might have done if it had not
ceased to exist; and said circuit court in and
for said eastern district of Missouri is hereby
vested with jurisdiction and authority to do all
and singular that may in the due course of
judicial proceedings pertain to any of said
suits, causes, or unfinished business, as fully
as the said circuit court in and for the districts
of Missouri might have done if said act had
never been passed.
Sec. 2. That the service of process, mesne
or final, issued out of said circuit court of the
United States in and for the district of Mis-
souri, which service was had after the act of
which this act is amendatory took effect, and
all levies, seizures, and sales made thereunder,
also all service, seizures, levies, and sales made
under any process which issued as out of said
court after the said act took effect, are hereby
made valid ; and all said processes are to be
deemed returnable to said circuit court of the
United States in and for the eastern district of
Missouri as of the return day thereof.
Sec. 3. That either of said United States
circuit courts in and for the eastern and in and
for the western district of Missouri may order
any suit, cause, or other matter pending^ there-
in, and commenced prior to the creation of
said new court, to be transferred for trial or
determination to the other of said circuit courts,
when, in the opinion of the court, said transfer
ought to be made; and the courtto which said
transfer is made shall have as full authority
and jurisdiction over the same from the date
the certified transcript of the record thereof is
filed as if the same had been originally pend-
ing therein.
Sec. 4. That the clerk of said circuit court
in and for the eastern district of Missouri, and
his successors in office, shall have the custody
of all records, books, papers, and property
belonging or in any wise appertaining to said
circuit, court of the United States in and for
the districts of Missouri, and, as such custo-
dians and the successors of the clerk of said
last-named court, they are hereby invested
with the same powers and authority with re-
spect thereto as the clerk thereof had during
the existence of said last-named circuit court.
Said circuit court of the United States in and
for the eastern district of Missouri is hereby
made the successor of said circuit court of the
United States in and for the districts of Mis-
souri as to all suits, causes, and unfinished
business therein or in any wise pertaining
thereto, except as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 5. That hereafter there shall be two
regular stated terms each year of the district
court of the United States in and for the east-
ern district of Missouri, commencing on the
firstMondays, respectively, of Mayand Novem-
ber, in lieu of those now fixed by law, and no
action, suit, proceeding, or process in said
court shall abate or be renderedinvalid by rea-
son of this act, but all of the same not pre-
viously disposed of or otherwise provided for
by special order of said court shall be deemed
returnable to, pending, and triable at the next
-term of said district court established by this
act which may be held after this act takes
effect: Provided, however, That nothing here-
in contained shall be construed to repeal the
powers heretofore granted for ordering special
or adjourned terms of said court, or the pow-
ers and duties of the judge of said court in
vacation and at chambers.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chai\ CCI.—An Act to enforce the stipula-
tions of the Convention with Venezuela, of
April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and the payment of adjudicated
Claims.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the adjudication of
claims by the convention with Venezuela of
April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, pursuant to the terms of said convention,
is hereby rceognized as final and conclusive,
and to be held as valid and subsisting against
the republic of Venezuela.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chap. CCII.—An Act to grant an American
liegisterto the Propeller Oliver Cromwell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the .Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to
issue an American register to the propeller
" Oliver Cromwell," an American-built vessel,
sold to Canadian parties in eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, wrecked in the straits of Macki-
nac, purchased and rebuilt by J. P. Clark, an
American citizen, who is now her owner.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chap. CCVII.—An Act to authorize the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company to con-
struct and maintain a Bridge across the
Saint Louis River.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company is hereby authorized to con-
struct and maintain a draw bridge across the
Saint Louis river between Rice's Point, in the
State of Minnesota, and Connor's Point, in
the State of Wisconsin. That the said bridge
shall be not less than ten feet above the level
of the water of said river at the point where
its construction is hereby authorized; that
said bridge shall have a pivot-draw giving
two clear openings of one hundred feet each,
measured at right angles to the current at the
average stage of water in the river, and located
in a part of the bridge that can be safely and
conveniently reached at that stage; and the
nextadjoining spans to the draw shall not be less
than one hundred and fifty feet, if the proper
location of the draw over t.hechannel will admit
spans of this width between it and the shore ;
and said span shall not be less than ten feet
above extreme high-water mark, measuring to
the bottom chord of the bridge; that said draw
shall be opened promptly, upon reasonable
signal, for the passage of boats whose construc-
tion shall not be such as to admit of their pas-
sage under the stationary spans of said bridge
except when trains are passing over the same ;
but in no case shall unnecessary delay occur
in opening the skid draw before or after the
passage of trains.
Sec. 2. That the piers of the said bridge
shall be built parallel with the current at that
stage of the river which is most important for
navigation ; and that no ripraps or other out-
side protection for imperfect foundation will
be permitted in the channel-way of the draw-
openings.
Sec. 3. That the said Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company shall submit to the Secretary
of War, for his examination, a design and
drawings of the bridge and piers, and a map
of the location, giving, for the space of at least
one mile above and one mile below the pro-
posed location, the topography of the banks of
the river, the shore-lines at high and low water,
the direction of the current at all stages, and
the soundings accurately showing the bed of
the stream, the location of any other bridge or
bridges, and shall furnish such other informa-
tion as may be required for a full and satis-
factory understanding of the subject by the
Secretary of War ; and if the Secretary of War
is satisfied that the provisions of the law have
been complied with in regard to location, the
building of the piers may be at once com-
menced ; but if it shall appear that the condi-
tions prescribed by this act cannot be complied
with at the location where it is desired to
construct the bridge, the Secretary of War
shall, after considering any remonstrances filed
against tbe building of said bridge, and furnish-
ing copies of such remonstrances to the board
of engineers provided for in this act, detail a
board composed of three experienced officers
of the corps of engineers, to examine the ease,
and, on their recommendation, authorize such
modifications ia the requirements of this act,
as to location and piers, as will permit the con-
struction of the bridge, not, however, diminish-
ing the width of the spans contemplated by
this act: Provided, That the free navigation
of the river be not materially injured thereby.
Sec. 4. That all parties owning, occupying,
or operating the said bridge shall maintain, at
their own expense, from sunset to sunrise
throughout the year, such lights on their bridges
as may be required by the Light,-House Board
for the security of navigation ; and all persons
owning, occupying or operating the said bridge
shall, in &ny event, maintain ail lights on their
bridge that may be necessary for the security
of navigation.
Sec. 5. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route, upon which, also, no
higher charge shall be made for the transmis-
sion over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United Slates
than the rate per mile paid for the transportation
over the railroads or public highways leading
to said bridge; and the United States shall
have the right of way for postal telegraph pur-
poses across such bridge; and in ease of any
litigation arising from any obstruction or al-
leged obstruction to the navigation of said
