256
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States-.
river, created by the construction of said bridge
under this aet, the cause or question arising
may be tried before the district court of the
United States of any State in which any por-
tion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. 6. That all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge shall have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage of
the same, and in the use ot the machinery and
fixtures thereof, and of all the approaches
thereto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, upon -hearing the allegations and
proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
Sec. 7. That the right to alter or amend
this act, so as to prevent or remove all mate-
rial obstructions to the navigation of said river
by the construction of the said bridge, is
hereby expressly reserved, without any liabil-
ity of the Government for damages on account
of the alteration or amendment of this act, or
on account of the prevention or requiring the
removal of any such obstructions; and if any
change be made in the plan of construction of
any bridge constructed under this act, during
the progress of the work thereon or before the
completion of said bridge, such change shall
be subject to the approval of the Secretary of
War; and any change in the construction, or
any alteration of said bridge that may be
directed at any time by Congress, shall be
made at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof.
Approved, February 27, 1873.
Chap. CCVTIL—Au Act to provide for the
expenses of the Investigation of the recent
Senatorial Election in Kansas.
Be it enacted^ by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of ten thou-
sand dollars is hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to defray the expenses of the select
committee appointed by the Senate on the tenth
of February to inquire iuto certain charges of
bribery and corruption in connection with the
recent senatorial election in Kansas.
Approved, February 27, 1873.
Chap. CCX.—An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-four,
namely :
For additional pay of officers, and for pay
of instructors, professors, cadets, and musi-
cians, two hundred and twenty thousand three
hundred and seventy-nine dollars and fifty
cents: Provided, That the professors of the
United States Military Academy whose service
at the Academy exceeds ten years shall have
the pay and allowances of colonel, and all
other professors shall have the pay and allow-
ances of lieutenant colonel; and the instruct-
ors of ordnance and science of gunnery and
of practical engineering shall have the pay and
allowances of major; and hereafter there shall
be allowed and paid to the said professors ten
per centum of their current yearly pay for each
and every term of five years' service in the
Army and at the Academy: Provided, That
such addition shall in no case exceed forty per
centum of said yearly pay; and said professors
are hereby placed upon the same footing, as
regards restrictions upon pay and retirement
from active service, as officers of the Army.
For repairs and improvements, timber, plank,
boards, joints, wall-strips, Iaths^ shingles, slate,
tin, sheet-lead, nails, screws, locks, butts,
hinges, glass, paint, turpentine, oils, bricks,
varnish, stone, lime, cement, plaster, hair,
blasting powder, fuel, iron, steel, tools, man-
tels, and other similar materials, fourteen thou-
sand five hundred dollar?.
For pay of citizen mechanics and labor
employed upon repairs that cannot be done by
enlisted men, eight thousand dollars.
For fuel and apparatus, namely: coal, wood,
stoves, grates, furnaces, ranges, fire-bricks,
and repairs of steam-heating apparatus, four-
teen thousand dollars.
For gas-pipes, gasometers, and retorts, and
annual repairs of the same, six hundred dol-
lars.
For fuel for cadet$' mess-hall, shops, and
laundry, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For postage and telegrams, three hundred
dollars.
for stationery, blank books, paper, envel-
opesj quills, steel pens, pencils, erasers, wax,
and. ink, five hundred dollars.
fior transportation of materials, discharged
cadets, and ferriages, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For printing-type, materials for office, diplo-
mas for graduates, registers, and blanks, seven
hundred dollars.
For compensaiian of pressman and lithogra-
pher, one hundred dollars.
For clerk to disbursing officer and quarter-
master, one thousand six hundred and fifty
dollars.
For clerk to adjutant, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For clerk to treasurer, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For department of instruction in mathemat-
ics, namely: for repairs of instruments, forty
dollars; text-books, drawing materials, and
stationery for instructors, thirty dollars.
For department of artillery, cavalry, and in-
fantry tactics, namely: for tan-bark for riding-
hall and gymnasium, three hundred dollars;
and for repairing apparatus for same, fifty dol-
lars ; for repairing camp-stools, tents,and fur-
niture, fifty dollars.
For department of civil and military engin-
eering: for models, maps, repairs of instru-
ments, text-books, books of reference, and
Stationery for use of instructors, five hundred
dollars.
For department of drawing: for models
for free-hand drawing for second class, forty-
five dollars; mounting and framing the same,
seventy-five dollars; architectural and topo-
graphical models for third class, forty dollars ;
mounting and framing the same, thirty dollars;
tar-board for mounting models, fifteen dollars;
colors,'paper, brushes, and pencils, twenty
dollars.
For department of chemistry., mineralogy,
and geology: for chemicals, including chem-
ical apparatus, glass and porcelain ware,
paper, wire, and sheet metal, and ores, nine
hundred and seventy-five dollars, including
material for practical instruction iu photog-
raphy ; rough specimens, files, alcohol, lamps,
blow-pipes, pencils, and agate mortars, for
practical instruction in mineralogy and geol-
ogy, two hundred and twenty-five dollars;
fossils illustrating the different rock-forma-
tions, for daily use in section-rooms, one hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars; gradual increase
of the cabinet, five hundred dollars; repairs
and improvements in electric, galvanic, mag-
netic, electro-magnetic, and magneto-electric
apparatus, and additions to pneumatic and
thermic apparatus, eighthundred dollars ; car-
penters' and metal work, and materials for the
same, sixty dollars; pay of mechanic, to be
employed in chemical and geological section -
rooms, and in the lecture-room, one thousand
and fifty dollars; completing repairs and im-
provements in laboratory, lecture-rooms, and
mineralogical rooms, three hundred and nine-
ty-five dollars; models and diagrams, one
hundred dollars; books of reference, text-
books, and stationery, for use of instructors,
and contingencies, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; compensation to attendant, fifty dollars.
For department of natural and experi-
mental philosophy: for instruments and ap-
paratus to illustrate the laws of mechanics and
of solids and fluids, three thousand dollars;
instruments and apparatus to illustrate the
laws of acoustics and optics, four thousand
dollars ; instruments and apparatus to equip
one field observatory, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars; one break-circuit chronometer
for mural-circle room in the observatory, five
hundred dollars; lathe, forge, tools, and
equipment of work-shop, seven hundred and
fifty dollars; repairs and contingencies, eight
hundred dollars; compensation to mechanic
and assistant in charge of apparatus, one
thousand dollars; compensation to attendant,
fifty dollars.
For department of practical engineering:
for mining material, twenty-five dollars ; lum-
ber for profiling, twenty-five dollars; station-
ery and drawing material, twenty-five dollars ;
theodolite^ transit, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars; repairs of instruments,twenty-fivedollars.
For department of Spanish : for text books
and stationery for the use of instructors, fifty
dollars.
For department of French : for text book3
and stationery for the use of instructors, fifty-
five dollars.
For department of law and ethics: for text
books and stationery for the use of instructors,
fifty dollars.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors, four
thousand five hundred dollars : Provided, That
three members of the House of Representa-
tives of the Forty-Third Congress, whose cre-
dentials in due form of law have been duly
filed with the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives in accordance with the act of Con-
gress approved March third, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, shall be appointed by the
Speaker of the present House of Representa-
tives, members of the Board of Visitors, at the
next annual examination to be held at the
Military Academy.
For miscellaneous and contigent, expenses:
for gas, coal-oil, and candles, for lighting the
Academy, cadet barracks, mess-hall, hospital
offices, stable, and side walks, four thousand
dollars; water-pipes, plumbing, and repairs,
two thousand dollars ; cleaning public build-
ings, (not quarters,) five hundred and sixty
dollars; brooms, brushes, pails, tubs, and
cloths, two hundred dollars ; chalk, crayons,
sponge, and slates, for recitation-rooms, one
hundred dollars; compensation of chapel
organist, two hundred dollars ; compensation
of librarian, one hundred and twenty dollars;
compensation of non-commissioned officer in
charge of mechanics, fifty dollars ; compensa-
tion of soldier writing in adjutant's office, fifty
dollars; pay of engineer of heating and venti-
lating apparatus for the cadet barracks, chapel,
and philosophical academy, including the
library, one thousand five hundred dollars;
pay of assistant of same, seven hundred and
twenty dollars ; pay of five firemen, two thou-
sand two hundred dollars ; increase and ex-
pense of the library, books, magazines, period-
icals, and binding, two thousand dollars.
For pay of librarian's assistant, one thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies for superintendent of the
Academy, one thousand dollars.
For furniture for cadet hospital, one hun-
dred dollars.
