258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
sand dollars be, and the same hereby is appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay the expenses of
the select committee, of the Senate, appointed
to inquire into the charges of bribery and
corruption in the recent senatorial election in
Kansas.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Ciiap. CCXXIII.—An Act relating to the Cir-
cuit and District Courts of the United Stales
for the Middle and Northern Districts of
Alabama.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of an actor
acts of Congress as vests in the district court
of the United States for the middle district of
Alabama, and the district eourt of the United
States for the northern district of Alabama, the
power and jurisdiction of a circuit court, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Sec-. 2. That all civil causes, actions, suits,
executions, pleas, process, and other proceed-
ings now pending in said district courts of the
United States for the middle and northern dis-
tricts of Alabama, which might have been
brought and would have been originally cog-
nizable in a circuit court, are hereby declared
to be transferred to the circuit eourt of the dis-
trict of Alabama; and the clerks of said dis-
trict courts shall transmit all the original
papers in such causes, and a complete trans-
cript of all the dockets, minutes, orders, judg-
ments, and decrees in such causes, as the same
appear of record in said district courts, to said
circuit court of the United States at Mobile,
Alabama.
Sec. 3. That nothing in this act contained
shall apply to any indictment found by a grand
jury and now pending in either of said district
courts; nor shall anything contained in this
act affect the jurisdiction or power of the
Supreme Court of the United States to hear
and determine any cause or proceeding now
pending in said Supreme Court on writ of
error or appeal from either of said district
courts for the middle and northern districts of
Alabama.
Sec. 4. That hereafter the circuit court of
the United States for the district of Alabama
shall exercise appellate and revisory jurisdic-
tion over the decrees and judgments of said
district courts of the United States for the
middle district of Alabama, and the northern
district of Alabama, under the laws of the
United States conferring and regulating the
jurisdiction, powers, and practice of the cir-
cuit courts in cases removed in said courts by
appeal or writ of error.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXIV.—An Act to provide for the
better care and protection of Subsistence
Supplies.
Beitenactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and em-
powered to select from the sergeants of the
line of the Army who shall have faithfully
served therein five years, three years of which
in the grade of non-commissioned officer, as
many commissary sergeants as the service may
require, not to exceed one for each military
post or place of deposit of subsistence sup-
plies, whose duty it shall be to receive and pre-
serve the subsistence supplies at the posts,
under the direction of the proper officers of
the subsistence department, and under such
regulations as shall be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of War. The commissary sergeants
hereby authorized shall be subject to the Rules
and Articles of War, and shall receive for their
services the same pay and allowances as ord-
nance sergeants.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXV.—An Act to abolish-the office
of Survejor at the Port of Chester, in Penn-
sylvania, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the office of sur-
veyor at the port of Chester, in the district of
Philadelphia, provided by the act establishing
said port, approved March twenty ninth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-seven, be, and the
same is hereby, abolished.
Sec. 2. That an inspector of customs, to
reside at the said port of Chester, with the
powers of a deputy collector, shall be ap-
pointed for said port, and shall perform such
duties as may be devolved on him according
to law, but the compensation of such officer
shall not exceed that allowed by law to .inspect-
ors of customs at the port of Philadelphia.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXVI.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Legislative, Executive, and
Judicial Expenses of the Government for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-four, and for other
purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are- hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the service of the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred,
and sevent/-four, for the objects 'hereinafter
expressed, namely:
legislative.
Senate.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
four hundred and five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks,
messengers, and others receiving an annual
salary in the service of the Senate, namely:
Secretary of the Senate, four thousand three
hundred and twenty dollars; officer charged
with disbursements of the Senate, five hundred
and seventy-six dollars; chief clerk, three
thousand dollars, and the additional sum of
one thousand dollars while the said office is
held by the present incumbent, and no longer;
principal clerk, three thousand six hundred
dollars. That on and after the fourth day of
March, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
the President of the United States shall re-
ceive in full, for his services during the term
for which he shall have been elected, the sum
of fifty thousand dollars peranuum, to be paid
monthly; the Vice President of the United
States shall receive in full for his services,
during the term for which he shall have been
elected, the sum of ten thousand dollars per
annum, to be paid monthly; and the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, shall receive the sum of ten thousand
five hundred dollars per annum, and the jus-
tices of the Supreme Court of the United
States shall receive the sum of ten thousand
dollars, per annum each, to be paid monthly;
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of War, the Secretary
of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, the
Attorney General, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral, shall receive ten thousand dollars per
annum each, for their services, to be paid
monthly ; and each Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, State and Interior Departments,
shall receive as annual compensation, to be
paid monthly, six thousand dollars; and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
after the present Congress receive in 'full for
all his services, compensation at the rate of ten
thousand dollars per annum, andSenators, Rep-
resentatives, and Delegates in Congress, includ-
ing Senators, Representatives, and Delegates
in the Forty-Second Congress holding such
office at the passage of this act and whose
claim to a seat has not been adversely decided,
shall receive seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars per- annum each, and this shall be in
fieu of all pay and allowance, except actual
individual traveling expenses from their homes
to the seat of Government and return, by the
most direct route of usual travel, once for each
session, of the House to which such Senator,
Member, or Delegate belongs, to be certified
to under his hand to the disbursing officer, and
filed as a voucher: Provided, That in settling
the pay and allowances of Senators, Members,
and Delegates in the Forty-Second Congress,
all mileage shall be deducted and no allowance
made for expenses of travel. And there is
hereby appropriated a sum sufficient to make
the annual salaries of such of the clerks in the
office of the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives as receive two thousand five hundred
dollars and upwards and less than,three thou-
sand dollars, including the petition clerk and
printing clerk, three thousand dollars each:
and of such as receive two thousand dollars
and upwards, and less than two thousand five
hundred dollars, the sum of two thousand five
hundred dollars each; and of such as receive
eighteen hundred dollars and upwards, and
less than two thousand dollars, the sum of two
thousand dollars each: and of the Secretary
of the Senate and the Clerk of the House five
thousand dollars each; and of the chief clerk
and Journal clerk of the House, -while such
positions are held by the present incumbents,
and no longer, three thousand six hundred
dollars, each; and of the Doorkeeper of the
House, and the assistant doorkeeper of the
Senate, while the position is held by the pres-
ent incumbent, and no longer, three thousand
dollars each; and of the Postmaster to the Sen-
ate, two thousand five hundred and ninety-two
dollars; assistant postmaster, two thousand dol-
lars ; and of two mail-carriers one thousand
seven hundred dollars'; and of the superintend-
ent and first assistant of the Senate document-
room two thousand five hundred dollars each ;
and second assistant in said document,-room
eighteen hundred dollars; and of the additional
compensation to the reporters of the House
and Senate for the Congressional Globe fifteen
hundred dollars each; and of additional pay
to the chief engineer of the House three hun-
dred and sixty dollars (so as to equalize his
pay with that of the chief' engineer  f the
Senate.) And it is hereby provided that the
increase of compensation to the officers, clerks,
and others in the employ of the Senate and
House of Representatives, provided for by this
act, shall begin with, the present Congress;
and the pay of -all the present employes of the
Senate and House of Representatives, including
the employes in the Library of Congress and
those under the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds, now employed in the Capitol
building, and also the House reporters, whose
pay has not been specifically increased by this
act, holding their places by appointment under
the respective officers thereof or by the authority
of the Committee of Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, or the Committee of Accounts of the
House, be increased fifteen per cent, of their
present compensation on the amount actually
received and payable to them respectively from
the beginning of the present Congress, or from
the date of their appointment, during the
present Congress, and who shall be actually
employed at the passage of this act, and the
amounts of money necessary to carry the fore-
going provisions into effect are hereby appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury pot
