594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
this matter is regarded as one appealing to the
general sense of a legislative body, and which
has no elements for judicial determination.
Instead of saying ourselves that this widow
ought to have fifty or a hundred thousand dol-
lars, we refer it to a court which cannot know
anything more about it than we do, which can-
not come to any better conclusion than we
can, and let them determine if they please
that we ought to pay her ten millions, and
then never consult Congress on the subject,
but render a judgment against the United
States, to be paid out of the Treasury without
reference to Congress.
Certainly such a proceeding is not only
dangerous, but it is indefensible upon the
ground of principle. If anything whatever is
to be done by the Court of Claims we should
simply refer to them a certain question ; and for
the purpose of testing the opinion of the Senate
on this point, I will move a substitute for the
bill, which will provide as follows 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
give notice of it. The pending question is now
on reconsidering the passage of the bill. The
Senator may give notice of an amendment,
because that may affect the reconsideration.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will then state that
the substitute which I shall offer will pro-
vide—
That the claim of Mrs. Dahlgren shall be referred
to the Court of Claims, to inquire, first, whether said
Admiral Dahlgren was the original inventor of the
Dahlgren gun and rifled projectiles, or either of
them, as described in the several patents.
The Senator from Ohio says there is no
doubt whatever.on that point. Then I do not
see what we want to refer it to a judicial court
for; but if there is any doubt, let it go, for
that is a judicial question.
Second, whether the said Dahlgren was engaged
in perfecting the invention for which said patents
were granted while he was in the service of the
United States as an officer of the Navy, and what
was the expense of making experiments, trials, and
test*, for the purpose of perfecting said invention,
which waa paid by the United States,
thereon to the next session of Congress.
notices of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar is
now before the Senate under the Anthony rule,
and the first business in order is the bill (S.
No. 291) for the relief of the officers and crew
of the United States ship Wyoming.
Mr. MORTON. I give notice that I shall
ask the indulgeqce of the Senate on Friday
morning to speak to a resolution I introduced
several days ago in regard to the presidential
election.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
that by direction of the Committee on Finance
I shall report to-morrow certain amendments
to the bill introduced by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] which is the
bill (S. No. 1313) supplemental to an act
to provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of the United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, approved June 3,1864, and to secure
an elastic currency, to appreciate national obli-
gations, and to reach specie payments without
commercial embarrassments, and I shall ask
the consent of the Senate to-morrow at one
o'clock to submit some observations in regard
to it, so that they may go out with the amend-
ments proposed by the Committee on Finance
to the bill.
officers and crew of the wyoming.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
under the Anthony rule is now before the
Senate; and the bill (S. No. 291) for the
relief of the officers and crew of the United
States ship Wyoming is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, still open to objec-
tion under that rule. The pending question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the amendment
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] will
be entitled to the floor as soon as the amend-
ment to the amendment is reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to
the amendment, which was to add, "and the
Japanese indemnity fund shall be covered into
the Treasury, and the bonds representing it
shall be canceled."
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I simply
desire to say that there are two or three ques-
tions pending, I believe, before the Committee
on Foreign Relations in regard to this Japanese
indemnity fund. One is in reference to its
return to the Japanese Government on the
ground that we really have no right to it. A
certain amount was allowed to the four Powers
as indemnity, the United States being one.
The other three Governments agreed that they
would divide it equally, giving to the United
States one fourth. But the United States had
suffered no losses that approached in magni-
tude the amount that we received, and it was
believed by some that as between the United
States and the Japanese Government that
money ought to be returned to the Japanese
Government.
Another question is in regard to the disposi-
tion of the fund in establishing schools in
Japan for the education of American youths
in the Japanese language, which is thought to
be a very important matter, and for the edu-
cation of Japanese in the English language.
Memorials have been presented going to show
that it would be a matter of great political as
well as commercial importance to establish
such a school; and the establishment of such
a school and the use of this money for that
purpose will be satisfactory to the Japanese
Government.
While these propositions are pending, and
without intending to say anything upon the
merits or demerits of any of them, 1 submit
that it would be somewhat hasty to cover this
fund into the Treasury and to destroy its spe-
cific and separate character.
For these reasons 1 hope the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio will not be
adopted. Other members of the Committee
on Foreign Relations who understand this
matter can speak of it if they choose.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the statement made
by the Senator from Indiana it does seem to
me that either this bill ought to be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations or it
ought to be postponed until they report on the
subject spoken of by him. I do not want to
interfere, because I am willing to vote for this
bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Indiana to move
to refer the bill and pending amendments to
the Committee on Foreign Relations?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is within my power,
I will object to the consideration of the bill
until there can be same community of action
in regard to it. We are evidently wasting time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is sub-
ject to objection which will allow it to remain
on the Calendar in its present condition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say at the same
time that I am not opposed to the passage of
the bill. I am perfectly willing to see it passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be taken
up at any time. It will now remain on the
Calendar under the rule for unobjected bills.'
Mr. STOCKTON. I wish the Senator from
Ohio would withdraw his objection for a mo-
ment that I may say a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say in reply to
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] arid
to something that was said by the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] on a former occasion,
that there are some circumstances that I do
not think the Committee on Foreign Relations
have yet examined into, which are of import-
ance in this connection; and I want to say a
word in order to call their attention to the
matter, if it should be referred to them.
In the first place, the prince of Negato was
in open rebellion against his own Govern-
ment. This is a point which has not been
alluded to in this debate. The action of our
squadron, so far from forcing, as was urged
yesterday, this indemnity, was an assistance
to the Government of Japan, of which they
approved, to quell the insurrection of their
own rebellious subjects, and it was given most
voluntarily and willingly, and so far as I know
never has been complained of.
Again, by the suggestion now made you are
placing not only the United States but all the
other treaty Powers in the position of having
been engaged in extorting money from the
Japanese Government. That is a proposi-
tion, it seems to me, which cannot be sus-
tained.
Again, let me call attention to what I
alluded to the other day, that not only by
the convention itself, from which I read, but
by the dispatches of our own minister, the
Erimary claim on this fund was to reim-
urse this very expedition and to pay to the
widows of those who were killed and to the
parties who engaged in this fight a proper sum.
That was the primary object for which the
whole treaty was negotiated. The talk of
returning this fund to the Japanese Govern-
ment does seem to me to be the most extra-
ordinary thing; I ever heard of. The treaty
itself, if gentleman will read it; makes the
fund a settlement of all past claims. It was
given, as the Senator from Maine said, by
way of indemnity. Why, what does the word
"indemnity" mean? The word "indemnity"
does not mean that it is to be held as a fund
that cannot be put in our Treasury, to be re-
turned at any time. The very word " indem-
nity " means a settlement. It means that it was
given to settle our claim ; it was taken for that
purpose, and it ought to have been covered
into the Treasury at once. As I said before,
there is no distinction except as a mere tech-
nicality between this money being in the Treas-
ury or being held as a separate fund. That is
a mere technical question.
As I am speaking by the courtesy of the
Senate, I shall not occupy further time ; but
if this question is going to be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, I most
earnestly desire that they will give us a speedy
report, in order that these parties may not be
longer kept waiting for a decision on this
question, which question, in my humble judg-
ment, is one so easily settled if the facts are
examined that the committee cannot differ
upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I renew my objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
iowa judicial districts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 814) to divide the State of Iowa into two
judicial districts, reported adversely from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move that that bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary,
The motion was agreed to.
mary a. morris.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the indulgence
of the Senate and unanimous consent to sub-
mit a motion with regard to House bill No.
1872, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mary A. Morris, widow
of Major General William W. Morris, upon the
pension-roll at the rate of fifty dollars per
month, which was reported back adversely at
the last session from the Committee on Pen-
sions and indefinitely postponed. If I had
been in the Senate at the time I should have
asked to have the bill placed on the Calendar,
but I was not aware that it had been postponed.
I therefore ask unanimous consent to have the
vote indefinitely postponing the bill reconsid-
ered, with a view of having it re-referred to the
committee.
