1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
borne in furnishing funds to carry on this work,
the Legislature of this State which now de-
mands of us redress for what she says is wrong,
said this:
" Whereas the Federal Government in the year
1895 projected the construction of a national road
from the East to the West, and from year to year
until 1837 made liberal appropriations for the prose-
cution of that important work; and whereas in the
location of this great thoroughfare through this State
the citizens on the line of said road, under the prom
ise and on the good faith of the General Govern-
ment, were induced to give up gratuitously the right
of Way for a macadamized road through their lands;
and whereas under the expectation that the General
Government would complete said road the Legis-
lature of this State was induced to vacate a large
portion of the State road which ran parallel with
the line of said road, and the Federal Government
having failed to complete their work, a large por-
tion of our own citizens, the public at large, ana the
Government itself in the transportation of the great
western mail suffer much inconvenience from the
present dilapidated state of the National road:
Therefore,
" Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, That our Senators be instructed and
our Representatives requested to use their exer-
tions to secure the passago of a law by Congress sur-
rendering the eastern division of the Cumberland
road in this State to the State, together with all the
materials, construction, ke„ of the same, and the
right to use the line of said road for the purpose of
having it completed by private companies under
acts of incorporation by State authority: Provided,
lurtoever, that the United States may reserve the
right to resume the ownership and control of said
road at any time by paying the proprietors the cost
• o£ constructing the same.
"Resolved, That theGovernor be authorized to for-
ward a copy of this joint resolution to each of our
Senators and Representatives in Congress,"
Mr. President, if there is any faith to be put
in human testimony, we have here the public
declaration of one of these sovereign claim-
ants that it was the desire and expectation of
these western people that Congress should ex-
pend this money in building a macadamized
road; and you have that made after this
money had been spent and more than spent.
Mr. MORTON. Which she never did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which Congress never
did?
Mr. MORTON. Congress never built a
macadamized road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not. Congress
did build a macadamized road as far as the
money, multiplied by about five, would go that
she promised to devote to it. That is what she
did; and the people of the State of Indiana,
not being apparently as well advised of their
claim upon the Government that their later
representatives who shed luster upon their
name have discovered that she has, were un-
happily ignorant of the fact that Congress had
done them any wrong; they were unhappily
ignorant of the fact that they were entitled to
any money from the Treasury; they were un-
happily ignorant of the fact that Congress had
violated its trust ; they were painfully stupid
in not knowing that we owed the money to
them after we bad spent it five times over •
and so they, in the innocence of their poor
stupid souls out there, poorly represented in
ilf- *je£l8'aturesj poorly represented in their
public offices, poorly having their interests
cared for m the Halls of the national Con-
gress, had the temerity to say that their only
claim upon the Federal Government, and that
not a claim of right, but a proposal, was that
under all these circumstances the expectations
ot ibeir citizens m giving up their lands for the
right ol way for the completion of this road
Having failed on account of the fund being
exhausted, although liberal appropriations had
been made by Congress—which was beyond
juwnut-. for justice is not liberal—for that pur-
tut; expectations of her citizens had been
''-d in tbe fact that ihey had a dirt-road
■ >>te U a macadamized road, and therefore
ue ch.et Executive of that State is called
upoi,10 wsk Congress, not even to demand as
a right, but to requesi Congress, through their
repivsemauvt-b here, thai we should surrender
the woik that we had completed, as far as it
Was completed to the capital of that State, the
eastern division, to that State, in order that
the State might itself, by turnpike companies,
keep the road in repair and make it useful to
the great purposes for which it was designed
and useful to the people of that State.
Why did it not happen, Mr. President, that
after ten years had gone by since the last ap-
propriation, after ten years had passed over,
m which Congress had done nothing either to
extend the road or to complete it or to repair
it, the wise men of Indiana should not have
demanded that we pay to them this money
which had been thus, as the Senators now
think, misappropriated, pay them this money,
which, in contemplation of law, was still in
the Treasury, because we had not paid it out
for the purpose for which the Senator from
Ohio says we ought to have paid it out, in-
stead of saying We recognize the liberality
of the nation in what it has done toward us ;
it has not only been just but it has been gen-
erous, but still our people in these rich alluvials
of Indiana are traveling on a dirt-road when they
expected when they gave up their lands that
they would travel on a macadamized road,"
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. I do not wish
to delay this eminently just-bill, but under the
circumstances I will yield to my friend.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, when ar-
gument fails, then we have epithets in its stead.
Now, sir, the very resolution the Senator reads
here is.the strongest possible argument against
his own position: that the Government hav-
ing failed to complete this great national work
and left it in the condition that it was, a great
part of the year a nuisance—for the National
road was notoriously the worst road in the
United States for a large part of the year—the
States themselves were compelled to come for-
ward and ask leave to complete it when they
found that the Government would not do it.
But if the Senator is fond of reading the reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Indiana he will
find scattered through the journals many of
them before that time memorializing the Gov-
ernment to go on and complete the construc-
tion of this work according to the original un-
derstanding. And when the Senator intimates
that all the Government had agreed to do in
building this road was simply to expend the
two per cent., he makes Congress exceedingly
stupid in the beginng not to know that two per
cent, would not do it—would not build half
of it.
Sir, when the work was undertaken Congress
was not so stupid as not to know that the two
per cent, fund would not do it. No, sir; these
States were required to contribute as no other
States ever were, required unjustly, required
in contravention of tbe soundest principles to
contribute to it. But the Government did not
undertake the work stupidly believing that the
two per cent, would build the road. It was
undertaken to be built and to be completed,
and if not with that understanding it ought
not to have been undertaken at all. It is
d°>ng gross injustice to the former Congresses,
it is doing injustice to their intelligence and
common sense to say that all they agreed to
do was to apply the two per cent., when they
knew as well as we know now that the two
per cent, would not do it. It is doing injus-
tice to their intelligence and to their good
faith to say that when the work was under-
taken it was not the compact and the under-
standing that it should be completed: which
never was done. It never was completed as
a dire-road or as a macadamized road, or in
any form, in any one of these three States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, with the
permission of my honorable friend' from In-
diana, I will go on. There is a Norwegian
proverb which just occurs to me, which, of
course, may pare no application to this pres-
ent case, which I will mention; it is, that if
you put a live bear on a gridiron you have a
just right to expect that he will howl.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we have
had illustrations of that all through this debate.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. EDMUNDS. So we have. [Laughter.]
The bear has a great tenacity of life, and his
lungs seem to be as strong as they were when
he first began.
Mr. President, I am not in the least sur-
prised that my friend from Indiana feels a little
touchy at my simply reading from the public
resolutions of his own State. He was—I will
not say very careful not to bring thein for-
ward. I have no right to say that he ever saw
them, for unless he has exhibited greater in-
dustry in studying the history of this case than
the honorable Senator from Ohio and the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina exhibited
in their minority report in undertaking to state
the facts, I have no right to suppose that he
ever saw these resolutions or ever heard of
them. Upon that point I shall have some
thing to say presently as to this minority report
upon which officially you are asked to vote for
this extraordinary appropriation.
But I will stick now to the point we are at
present upon, and that is in answer to the
Senator from Ohio to show every Senator who
cares anything for principle—and that includes
the whole number—that the idea of the Sen-
ator from Ohio upon which he bases his de-
mand for this money, that we had misappro-
priated the fund in making a macadamized
instead of an ordinary wagon road, is a total
failure not only for the want of evidence but
for the positive evidence against it found in
the solemn declaration of one of the States
interested, and found in a similar declaration—
although it does not use those terms—of the
State of Ohio asking us to give up this road as
due to them in order that they might exercise
their sovereign jurisdiction over it by imposing
tolls. That is the point.
But the honorable Senator from Indiana says
that the compact was that we should devote
the public money, to the last dollar in the
Treasury, to finish this road as a macadamized
road. How does he get the evidence of that ?
Does he say it is in the language of the act ?
Oh, no; he says that Congress must have been
fools if they did not know that this sum of
money would not accomplish the performance.
Mr. President, it is not certain at this moment
that if the original compact had been earned
out by which five per cent, of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands in those three
States was to be devoted to that purpose it
might not have been done. Certainly it might
have been done if it had not been for the fact
that the contractors, citizens of those States,
the owners of timber and of stone in those
States, just like the citizens of all other States,
enriched themselves out of Government con-
tracts, and the Treasury was bled from year to
year, just as it is in every other State, I admit,,
by this money that was appropriated by Con-
gress for this purpose being extravagantly used
and drawn, when if it had been economically
expended it would have done more.
It may be said that that would be a good
reason for paying these States. Perhaps it is.
It would be a good reason for paying every
other State. Some money is expended in the
State of Vermont, not by contractors who re-
side there—they live in another State, but they
are no worse than other contractors ; they
make the best bargain they can, and do the
least after they have contracted that they can
in the performance of their bargain, and the
public suffer. It is always so. But aside
from that, I repeat that if these States had not
applied to us to give them three fifths of this
five per cent, fund, and persuaded us to do it,
as we did, to be expended under their direc-
tion, in aid of this enterprise, there would have
been money enough, economically adminis-
tered, to have completed a macadamized road
clear across all three of them ; and yet, having
appealed to us to give up three fifths of the
