1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1559
fund that we agreed to devote to this purpose,
and we having given it, is it fair for them now,
after fifty years, to turn around and say " we
will take advantage of that fact to reproach'
you with, not having done all that you agreed
to?" Most people would say that it is not.
I know my honorable friend from Indiana
thinks it fair; otherwise he would not say
it. What is fair and what is not fair must
depend upon every man's moral sense, viewed
from his own light, and it is not my business
to criticise the fairness which the honorable
Senator from Indiana may set up for himself
or for his people. It belongs to him and to
them; but I shall not be thought to criticise
his opinions as to morals or as to justice if I
merely entertain my own. I think it is not.
Now, Mr. President, let us go a little fur-
ther about this business. I believe I stated
yesterday that the whole argument upon which
this claim is now made to rest is an after-
thought, that the ground upon which it was
pushed by this Mr. Morris of Illinois, whose
arguments have been read by my honorable
friends all around, was not upon the basis
stated by the honorable Senator from Indiana
as his ground of complaint, and that is that
general principles, or the general nature of the
subject, entitle these States to the money, or,
as stated by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
that we had not built the kind of road that we
agreed to, and therefore had violated the trust.
This gentleman, Mr. Morris, whose book upon
the subject and whose reports upon the subject
I hold in my hand through the kindness of my
friend from Ohio, starts this claim in 1858, in
the first place, based upon the words of the
act of1857. Even Mr. Morris, bright as he is,
had not discovered any general nature of
things, anything pro rt natd, as I believe the
doctors call it when they make a prescription,
which entitled Indiana, Illinois, or Ohio to this
money. He had not discovered any breach
of faith in Congress. He had not discovered
that we had not expended every dollar of the
money we had agreed to. But he had discov-
ered, as he thought, or said he thought, that
the act of 1857, having said what i4 did say,
without looking back of it, entitled these States
to that money, because Congress had given it
to them.
Mr. MORTON. As Congress had given it
to the others. Put that in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to bring
on the gridiron any more, Mr. President.
[Laughter.] I am delaying this bill,_ and I
hope my friend will allow me to finish it.
Mr. PRATT. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. While 1 was making yester-
day, in the course of my remarks, some state-
ments as to the amount of expenditures upon
the road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, and as to the estimates of what would
be necessary to complete the road through
those States, that statement was challenged
by the Senator from Vermont. He wished to
know what my authority was. He insisted
upon knowing what was the document from
which I was reading. I finally told him it was
a pamphlet prepared by this same Mr. Morris
of Illinois. Although I had not then the ori-
ginal document in my hands, I have it now,
and I commend it to the attention of my friend
from Vermont. I will hand it to him just as
soon as I have told him what it is. .It is the
reports of committees for the second session
of the Twenty-Ninth Congress, for the year
1846-47. I hold in my hand a very elaborate
report, that was made on the 10th day of Feb-
ruary, 1847, by the Committee on Roads and
Canals, '' to whom were referred sundry memo-
rials, praying that appropriations might be
made for the completion of the Cumberland
road; also a bill and resolutions in relation
to the same subject, suggesting various methods
of accomplishing the desired object." This is
a very elaborate and long report, and attached
to it are several exhbits, among others reports
from the engineer department, signed by
"Joseph G. Totten, colonel and chief engin-
eer," addressed to Hon. Robert Smith, of
the House of Representatives.
I was asked yesterday who Colonel Totten
was, that made these estimates. I inform the
Senator tjow that he was a colonel and chief
engineer in the engineer department, and
here are statements by him agreeing pre-
cisely with what I said yesterday, as to the
amount of moneys that had been expended
in these three several States in the construc-
tion of this road, amounting in the aggregate,
east of the Ohio, to $2,812,034 21, and an esti-
mate of the amount that would be required in
order to complete the road. That estimate is
$7,896,045 44, dated January 23, 1840, at the
engineer department. The amount expended
appears to have been $6,760,400 07, agreeing
exactly with the statements in the pamphlet from
which I read yesterday. I now hand this book
to the Senator to verify what I have said, if he
sees proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, I
think that if the Senator from Indiana will
look into the Globe he will find that I did not
ask him who Colonel Totten was; he will find
that I did ask him what document he was
reading from, and. he will find that it took
quite a considerable time to ascertain ; not, of
course, that there was the least objection to his
stating, but because it did not happen to be
convenient, I suppose. The trouble has been
that all these Senators have devoted a good
deal more time to reading the pamphlet of
Colonel Morris—if he is a colonel, and I believe
all western men are, [laughter]—than they
have in reading the statutes of the United
States and the official debates upon the pass-
age of these bills, and in reading the statutes
of their own States who came to us after all
this money had been expended and after all
this road had been built as far as it had been
built at all, not complaining as to what we had
done in the least degree, but, on the contrary,
praising it as being more than just and more
than generous, saying, "Now having gone so
far, and the fund being exhausted and the
money all spent, and we having taken our-
selves three fifths of it, all the time in cash,
and laid it out in our own way or kept it"—
nobody knows which—"give us up the result
of the performance ;" and we did. That has
been the trouble with these gentlemen. I
verily believe, from the respect I have for them
and for their character and their intellectual
capacity, that if they could have forgotten
that they were supposed to be the champions
of everything that anybody in their State might
choose to apply to Congress for, if they could
have forgotten Morris and remembered their
country, we should have found every one of
them voting with us against this claim. And
I say this, Mr. President, because I find even
in this official and solemn report of the
minority such an immeasurable perversion of
the truth ; and I do not use the word "per-
version" in any sense to criticise gentlemen.
It is only a mistake, it is only the absence of
knowledge in their speaking upon the subject,
that I am compelled to believe that they have
read the arguments of attorneys instead of
reading the history of the case itself.
The honorable Senator from Ohio said also
that we had not spent this money in the place
where we ought to have spent it; that we spent
it at one end when we ought to have spent it
all over. If you will turn to the acts of Con-
gress, to which I will presently give Senators a
reference—and if it would not take too much
time I would read every one of them—you
will find that instead of spending it at one end,
or east of the Alleghanies, there has been spent
and appropriated, not only spent but appro-
priated, by the acts of Congress on the statute-
books of the nation more money in each one
of those States by name than the whole amount
of the two per cent, fuud from the sales of lands
lying in these States would amount to. And yet
in the face of that; no, I should not say in the
face of it but ignorant of it, the honorable
Senator from Ohio tells you, as a reason for
making this grant of money, that we had spent
money in the wrong place. Let us see now
that is.
The minority report, made of course upon
careful investigation, or want of investigation,
declares " that the appropriations for that
road up to 1818, inclusive, amounted to
$250,000, and were declared to be payable
out of the two per cent, fund of Ohio." That
was before either of the other States was
admitted. Now listen : "After 1818 no such
declaration is found." I believe my honor-
able friend from Ohio yesterday or the day
before discovered that that was not quite the
fact and made a modification of the statement,
I am told, in which he said that he believed
there was some imperfection in that statement.
Let us see how much imperfection there is in
that statement.
In 1819 (3 Statutes, p. 500) we appropri-
ated $535,000 for this road, to be paid out
of that fund specifically. I have not the dates
in order, as I took them from the statutes at
random, and have not nearly all of these ap-
propriations now, but enough to show how
utterly at variance with the facts is this state-
ment of the minority of the committee given
to you as a reason for voting this money.
In 1828 $175,000 was appropriated to be re-
placed, as the languaga of the statute is, out
of this fund, (4 Statutes, p. 275.) In 1834
^4 Statutes, p. 689) $200,000 were appro-
priated, to be applied specifically in the State
of Ohio, $150,000 to be applied specifically
in the State of Indiana, and $100,000 to
be applied specifically in the State of Illinois,
and it was applied, and not only applied, but
as such things always went in that road and
perhaps everywhere else in public works it
was found that the contracts exceeded the
appropriations, and then Congress had to pay
one or two hundred thousand dollars more to
make good the deficiency. In 1835 (4 Statutes,
p. 772) $200,000 were appropriated and spent
specifically in Ohio, and $100,000 specifically
in Indiana.
In 1825, as I say, (4 Statutes, p. 128)—I am
not following the dates in order, but taking
them all around wherever it happens, and not
near all of them at that—$150,000 was appro-
priated to be spent specifically in Ohio. In
1826, $110,000 were appropriated, and that
was a general appropriation, to be replaced
out of the fund, but it did not name the State
in which the money was to be spent. In 1827,
$170,000 were appropriated to be spent in
Ohio. In 1829, $100,000 were appropriated,
to be spent in Ohio, and in the same year
$50,000 were appropriated, to be spent in Indi-
ana ; and in 1830, another $100,000 in Ohio,
and in the same year another $100,000 in Indi-
ana. In 1831, $241,000 were appropriated to
be spent in these two States of Ohio and Indi-
ana. In 1836, $200,000 were appropriated to
be spent iu Ohio, and $250,000 in Indiana,
and $150,000 in Illinois ; and I think I must
be excused for calling attention to that par-
ticular appropriation. It has a bearing upon
another part of the subject which I hav(J
already gone over, and that is, a bearing upon
the topic so urged by the Senator from Ohio,
about our failure to build a common road,
and our spending this money as far as it would
go in building a macadamized road ; and you
will see the harmony it bears with the joint
resolution of the State of Indiana, and the
want of harmony that it has with the state-
ment, unsupported by any _ evidence, of the
Senator from Ohio. Here is the act of July
2, 1836:
"That the sum of $200,000 be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated for the purpose of, continuing
the Cumberland road in the State of Ohio; that tho
sum of $250,000 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated for continuing the Cumberland road in the
State of Indiana, including materials for erecting a
