;>9(i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
ClUNuK i>F NAME i>t A YAClll'
['he next bill on the Calendar was the bill
vfi. K. No. -o-U1 to change the name of the
pleusure-yacnt K.ae, of linstnn, Massachu-
setts. which considered hs in the Commit
■ if the Vi hole. I l'u >■-a uhoi-H N to the owner
ot the schooner Ki.ie, a pleasure-yacht of the
port ot Hoston, Massachusetts, to change the
ii'iiue ot the vesst 1 to that ot falcon, bv which
it <'iao Hf hereatter known anil registered..
The t'\li iva< reported to the Senate without
uaii ii'lnit-n:, ordered to a third reading, read
the tmri time, and passed.
M1\M1 lMHAN UNLl.s IN KANSAS.
The next bill 011 the Calendar was the bill
■ H. IJ. No. I>41 authorizing the removal of
restrictions upon the alienation of certain
M.ar.i: I-iduui lands in the State of Kansas ;
wh.cii was, considered as in Committee of the
^ r.ole. It authorizes the Legislature of the
S'aN- ot Ka'N.n to remove the restrictions
agM'.->; tne liability to leases, alienation, levy,
sac. ex^cinop, and forfeiture of lands in that
Stite. patented under and in pursuance of the
*••1 O'd artic'e of the treaty of Jitue •">, 1S~>4,
between the Miami Indians and the United
States, and gives the assent of Congress to the
letncval of the restrictions as provided by the
joint resolution of Kansas, approved March
1. Ij'T-; hut such removal is not to be made
or take eSect as to any of the lands while the
title 'hereto remains in the first patentees of
the same, or I,.- or her descendants not citi-
zens (jf the United S':t'es.
1 he Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with amendments. The amendments
were in line live, after the word "'execution"
to insert the word •"taxation;" after the words
"United States." in line nine, to insert " in
all cases in which the title has legally passed
to citizens of the United States other than
Indians;" in hue thirteen, after the words
"March 1. 1S72." to insert " subject to the
previsions of this act and also to strike out
the following proviso at the end of the bill:
Provided. That such removal shall nut be made
or take effect a.- r i my "f "aid lands while the title
thereto remains in the first patentees of the same,
'•r his or her defendants nut citizens of the United
.States.
Mr. THLHMAX. I should like to have
some explanation of the bill.
Mr. CALDWELL. I think a very brief ex-
planation will satisfy the Senate that the bill
ought to pass. It is merely lor the removal
of restrictions as to the taxation of certain
lands in Kansas. I will state that by the treaty
of 18o4 with the Miami Indians there were
seventy thousand acres of land set apart for
that tribe. By the terms of that treaty each
Indian was to have allotted to him two hun-
dred acres of' land in severalty. There were
allotted to the Indians about sixty thousand of
the seventy thousand acres. By the terms of
the treaty these lands were not subject to sale,
forfeiture, or execution, but the treaty pro-
vided that this restriction might be removed,
with the assent of Congress, by the Legisla-
ture of the State in which these ceded lands
might hereafter be embraced.
Mr. IHUUMAN. There is so much con-
fusion in the Chamber that I was unable to
hear the last statement of the Senator.
Mr. CALDWELL. The treaty provided
that these land.- should not be subject to sale,
forfeiture, or execution, but it was also pro-
vided in the treaty that the restriction might ,
be hereafter removed with the assent of Con- '
gress by the Legislature of the State in which
the ceded lands might hereafter be embraced.
About forty thousand acres of this sixty thou- j
sand acres of land have subsequently, under 1
the act of 1859, been sold to white citizens !
of the United States and are now owned |
and cultivated by them. The courts of Kan-
sas have adjudged that these lands are not I
even taxable after having been sold to white,
citizens, and the Legislature of the State of
! Kansas sought to remove the restriction as to
1 taxation by a joint resolution, passed March 1,
1S72, and the object of this bill is simply to
give the assent of Congress to that resolution.
If this bill passes, the lands that have been
sold to white citizens will be taxable as other
lands are. but the portion of the lands that are
still held by the Indians will not be taxable.
The restrictions will be preserved as to those
lands. That is all there is about it. There is
no objection to the bill in Kansas from any
quarter whatever.
Mr. FULLINGHUYSEN. Does not this
bill ratify the sale? Had the Indians a right
to sell them by the act?
Mr. CALPW ELL. The Indians had the
right to sell the lands allotted to them in
severalty under an act passed in 1850, and the
lands I refer to, now owned by white citizens,
were referred to by that act.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. An act passed
by whom ?
Mr. CALDWELL. By Congress in 1859.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that the
bill relates to nothing but the subject of taxing
these lands.
Mr. CALDWELL. That is all.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I have no objection
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendments reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs. If there
be no objection the Chair will take the ques-
tion on the amendments in gross.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
ALEXANDER HENDERSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. U68j for the relief of Alexander Hen-
derson ; which was read the second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Treasurer of the United States to
pay to Alexander Henderson $1,000 77, for
balance due htm as late consul at London-
derry, in Ireland. !
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the report in the case if there is one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report, the Chair is informed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I should like to
know what the bill is, from somebody who
understands it.
Mr. VICKERS. There is a manuscript re-
port among the papers. The bill is reported
from the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Vickers from the Committee
on Commerce:
The Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the papers and claim of A. Henderson against
the United States, beg leave to report that the said
Henderson was consul at Londonderry, in Ireland,
from February, 18.">8, to February, 1871; that in the
years 1858 and 18.7J the fees amounted to about $700
per annum, it being a consulate where no salary was
allowed, and the consul was dependent entirely upon
the lees of his ofiice and any profits he might bo
able to make from trading, but that after the com-
mencement of the late civil war the fees fell oft' to
a sum not exceeding $200 per annum. Although a
city of considerable size, population, and commerce,
the war produced its disastrous effects, and the con-
sul was thereby materially injured. lie at no time
entered into trade, but confined himself exclusively
to the duties and demands of his office. He felt the
pressure of the war very sensibly, and had to draw
upon his resources in the United States for the sup-
port of his family in such a manner as to support the
dignity and honor of his Government. He might
have resigned and returned to his home, but he dis-
dained to desert his post in the hour of trial and
danger to his country ; he was devoted to her honor
and tier interests, and did all in his power to pro-
mote her cause. The practice of the State Depart-
ment is not to allow office rent to consuls who are
allowed to trade. This may be proper where a con-
sul actually engages in trade, but where hodoesnot,
and uses his ofiice solely for the uses of the consulate*
It may be questionable. 1nt during thel'oui years'
of the war and for a year sueeeedmi? trade was
virtually cut off. and he could not have engaged in
any remunerative business, and the i| ucstion aiises,
should .Mr. Henderson be allowed office rent tor those
years at least. Il h.is also been the pi act lee ot the
Government to allow consuls who have salaries the
difference m exchange. Air. Henderson had to draw
hi* own iimney tor his support trum iho United
Ssates, and he lias charged for the loss in exchange
on those tunds. Tins part of his claim and the
charge lor office rent the Department ot State lias
disallowed. Astateiuent is he-ewith annexcl show-
ing the amount of charges allewable In the Slate
Department according to law and usage, and due .Mr.
Henderson, amounting to the sum ot  .
During the war Mr. llendeison vised eleien hun-
dred passports of emigrants who came to this coun-
try in 18txi in the Allan steamship line to Portland
and the Anchor line to New York, and which he
regularly reported to Mr. Adams, our minister at
London. Mr. Henderson alleges, and there is no
reason to doubt his veracity, that he persuaded and
induced as many loreigners to come to this country
as he could, in order that they might enter the Fed-
eral Army and do battle for his country in her strug-
gle for existence. Although in ordinary cases a
charge for such service is not made, yet, in view of
the critical condition of our country at the time, the
necessity for recruits, the diminution of his fees,
and his patriotic motives, an appeal is made to our
sense of justice to make compensation.
The Secretary of State, in a communication ad-
dressed to Hon. Simon Cameron in 1871, admitted
the propriety ofeharges for money expended in pro-
viding tor the defense of John Welch and Benjamin
Booth, American sailors tried on the charge of mur-
der. The personal efforts of the consul under the
direction of Mr. Adams, our minister, to procure
testimony for the defense ot those men. which
occupied considerable time, was n(>t submitted to
the Secretary, but are now included as items in the
claim of Mr. Henderson. It seems to be proper
to allow for such service, as well as for the money
actually expended. Mr. Henderson claims an allow-
ance from the Government for his services in board-
ing the Messrs. Allan steamships one day in each
week,while they lay at anchor in Lough Foyle await-
ing the latest London mail by express train, and
reporting to Hon. C. F. Adams, minister, the passing
and repassing of the confederate generals and other
officials making Halifax their place of call. He also
claims an allowance for expenses incurred in August,
1866, while the United States sloop-of-war (Janan-
daif-ua put into Lough Foyle for repairs, in enter-
taining Commander Strong and his officers, the fol-
lowing persons meeting them at dinners : Lord
Claud John Hamiliton, M. P.; Sir Robert Mont-
gomery, mayor of Derry; the clergy ot different
denominations, the town council, the port harbor
commissioners, and a number of private citizens.
Mr. Henderson seems to have preserved the dignity
of his office and the American character for hospi-
tality. We think that his claims should be viewed
in a liberal light. A full account is herewith re-
ported.
Mr. TRUMBULL,
tened to that report
make upon the bill.
If the Senate has lis-
I have no remarks to
It seems to be a case
where a gentleman in Ireland thinks he suf-
fered in consequence of the rebellion, which
was a common cause of suffering to all of us
more or less. He suffered in his business, and
he also seems to have entertained certain per-
sons of high character at dinner, for which it
i is proposed to pay him. If the Senate has
J listened to the report I have no remarks to
make about the claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. An-
thony in the chair) put the question on or-
dering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading, and declared that the noes appeared
to have it.
Mr. VICKERS. I desire to say one word.
There is an account filed with the report,
which the Secretary has not read. It excludes
all the items for exchange, all the items for
viseing passports ; but it does embrace articles
which Mr. Adams, the minister, said Mr.
Henderson should be paid for, such as fur-
nishing a flag, and money actually expended
in defense of two American sailors who were
indicted for murder. He employed counsel,
procured witnesses, and had them defended,
under the direction of the American minister.
Those constitute some of the items in his ac-
count, and if the Secretary will read the
accouut which accompanies the report I think
the Senate will be satisfied of the merit of the
claim. The claim as presented was a very
large one ; but the committee have reduced it
to less than one third, allowing only such
