um
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
bridge across the Wabash" river; and that the sum
of $150,TOO be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
J'or continuing the Cumberland road in the State
of* Illinois-;' which sums shall be paid out of any
money not otherwise appropriated,-and replaced out.
of the fund reserved for laying out and making
roods under the direction of Congress, by the sev-
eral .acts passed for the admission of the States .of
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri into the union
on an equal footing with the original States: Pro-
vided, That the expenditure of the appropriation
herein made for the State of Iilinoisshall be limited
to the graduation and bridging of the road therein,
and shall not be construed as pledging Congress to
future appropriations for the purpose of macad-
amizing the same."
Here were the people of these States, as I
have stated, all the time pressing us to go be-
yond the compact, pressing us to be liberal,
to give them a macadamized road ; and their
pressure was so strong that at last, among the
very last appropriations that were made, Con-
gress, in order to protect itself from this
pressure, inserted in the very act itself that
the appropriation of this money should not
be construed as pledging it to macadamize
the road as well as to expend money for the
building of it. Comment upon that branch
of the argument is needless.
Again, in 1837—bearing in mind all the time,
Mr. President, that by this minority report
1818 is the time when the minority say Con-
gress ceased to declare that this money should
be replaced out of the fund appropriated for
building roads in these States—in 1837 Con-
gress appropriated §190,000 to be expended
in Ohio, $100,000 in Indiana, and $100,000
in Illinois; and in 1838 we again appropriated
$150,000 to Ohio, $150,000 to Indiana, and
$160,000 to Illinois. So that, precisely twent/
years afterthis time, when this.minority report,
slates that Congress ceased to make these ap-
propriations as carrying out the compact, we
find that from year to year, for a full period of
twenty years precisely, Congress was appro-
priating money for these roads ; it was appro-
priating money to be spent in each one of these
States beyond the Amount of the two per cent,
of the public lan*3s sold there, and was declar-
ing that all this money should be replaced
according to the compact, out of the proceeds
of those sales. And yet, sir, it is upon such
misinformation as this, calmly brought forward
here in an official document, that Senators are
asked to tax the people of the whole nation in
order to pay to those States the money that
they demand.
Mr. President, the real truth is that this
claim never would have been thought of but
for the fact that the Alabama and Mississippi
bills "passed, the reason for which the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Peeling-
Httyses] has so well explained, and then there
was put into one of them the words that an
account should be stated between the United
States and the other States upon the same
principles, and then the honorable member
from Illinois, [Mr. Morris,] who seems to
have devoted a lifetime to this great work of
taking the money out of the Treasury, discov-
ered—it may be that he was the author of the
contrivance; I do not know—that by the lan-
guage of that act the State of Illinois, which he
particularly represented, and these two other
States, which he then did not particularly rep-
resent, would be entitled to take the money
trom the Treasury. They applied at the
Ireasury, and* were refused. They applied at
the Interior Department, and were refused.
Ihey applied to President Lincoln, years after
the act of 1857 had been passed, and were
refused, not that President Lincoln, tender of
his own State, pressed with the cares of uphold-
ing the Government, undertook to decide what
the right of the State was under that statute
either way ; and as I have said down to that
time no mail had had the skill to discover that
these States had been wronged in the first
place; no man had had the skill to discover
that the contract had been violated, but only
this man had had the skill to discover that by
the language of this act of 1857 these States
were entitled to havean account stated. Upon
what principles?
I cto not wish to take up time by reading the.
Alabama and Mississippi acts, but will only
state them. Perhaps as" a matter of duty I
ought to refer to one of them, because it is
perfectly capable of demonstration, I think
even to the intellectual satisfaction of my friend
from Indiana, if you" will only look at these
acts, that there is not the slightest pretense
for setting up this claim upon the face of these
statutes. Here is the first act of 1855 with
Alabama:
" That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be, and he is hereby, required to state an
account between-the United States and the State of
Alabama, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum
or sums of money are due to said State, heretofore
unsettled under the sixth section of an act of March
2,1819, for the admission of Alabama into the Union:
and that he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and Creek Indians
within the limits of Alabama, and allow and pay to
the said State five per cent, thereon, as in case of
other sales."
What was the obligation of that act ? By
the act admitting Alabama into the Union in
1819, five per cent, pf the proceeds of the
sales of public lands—not of the value of
them, but of the proceeds of the sales as
realized, after deducting expenses—was to be
applied to the prosecution of works of internal
improvement; three per cent, to be paid over
to the State to be expended by her, and two
per cent, to be retained by Congress to be
expended by it in its discretion. That was the
compact. That being the compact, what does
this act of 1855 declare ? . It declares that an
aceount shall be stated, between the State of
Alabama and the United States upon that sub-
ject. How would it be stated ? Does the law
say how? No, sir. It only states that, pur-
suant to the obligation of the admitting act,
an account shall be stated. What then ? You
ascertain what are the net proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and for the purposes
of this act you also assertain the amount of
reservations and treat those as sold. What
then? The State of Alabama is entitled to three
per cent, to be paid over in cash ; the United
States are bound to expend the other two per
cent, for certain purposes. You state the ac-
count. You find how much Alabama is en-
titled to out of the three per cent.; you find
how much Congress has expended under the
two per cent.; and if Congress has not ex-
pended under the two per cent, what it ought
to have done, then Congress should expend
the rest, or, if you have agreed that you will
give Alabama the whole of it, have you not a
right to make such an agreement, and if you
do has any other State a right to complain if
she is not affected by it? Certainly not. You
can make an agreement with two men which
shall not be absolutely uniform, I suppose,
without violating any duty to either of them.
Then you come down to the later act, the
act of 1857. What is that?
"That the Commissioner of the General Land
Ofiice be, and he is hereby, required to state an
account between the United States and the State of
Mississippi for the purpose of ascertaining what
sum or sums of money are due to said State here-
toiore unsettled, on account of the public lands in
said State, and upon the same principles of allow-
ance and settlement prescribed in the act to settle
certain accounts between the United States and the
State of Alabama, approved the 2d of March, 1855:
ana that he be required to include in said account
the said reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw^ and Choctaw Indians within
the limits of Mississippi, and allow and pay to the
said State five per cent, thereon, as in case of other
acref' estimatln8 ian(ls at the value of $1 25 per
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Commissioner shall also state an account between
the United States and each of the other States upon
the same principles, and shall allow and pay to each
btate such amount as shall thus be found due, esti-
mating all lands and permanent reservations at
81 25 per acre."
Is there anything in that section which says
that the five per cent, shall be paid over?
Not at"all. As to Alabama and as to Missis-
sippi it had been declared expressly that the
whole five per cent, should be paid, and there
is no question about it, because three per
cent, was due by the compact, and two per
cent, would be due because Congress said,
" we will give you two per cent., as we have
not had the means of carrying out the com-
pact on our side, to spend for the purposes
that we agreed upon." Then when you come
to the next section, it does not adopt any such
language as that. It says you are required to
state an account with the other States upon
the same principle and pay what may be found
due. Why was that? It was because Con-
gress knew full well that as to the other States
it had in respect to the two per cent, already
exceeded all that they were entitled to have
spent; but as to the three per cent, in respect
to the constantly accruing proceeds of these
sales, there might be sums due to these vari-
ous other States, and therefore as this direc-
tion to state the account covered the whole
subject, Congress did not design to commit
itself to pay the two per cent, or any part of it.
If it had it would have said, "Pay to them
the five per cent, as you have t6 pay it to Mis-
sissippi and Alabama;" but it did not say so.
It said, ''Pay five per cent, to Mississippi and
Alabama, to be expended by them for public
improvement in those States, because we
agreed to that." It said, " Settle the aceount
with the other States upon the same prin-
ciple that is, the principle of ascertaining
how much are the proceeds and what is the
disposition that ought to be made upon them.
You are referred right back to the admitting
acts, you see by the language of it, according
to the principles of the act admitting the State
into the Union. That is the principle upon
which you are to settle the account. You are
to pay these two States five percent, by name,
because they are entitled to three per cent, by
the compact, and two we give to them now to
spend in the same way. When you come to
these other States it changes the language and
does not say that you shall pay them five per
cent., but it says that making the settlement
upon that principle, that is to say, the principle
which regulated this affair when you were ad-
mitted, as is stated in terms in the first section
of the act, then you shall pay to them what-
ever may be found due. What will be found
due when you state the account ? As to the
two per cent, you will find that in each one
of these States there is nothing due, because
it has been overpaid. As to the three per
cent, you will find something is due because
the sales are accruing all the time, and be-
cause the Indian reservations by the gra-
cious liberality of Congress are to be taken as
if the lands included in them had been sold.
Instead of, as Senators said, no account having
been stated upon that, let me tell the Senators,
ahd we have the papers here, that the accounts
have been stated from time to time in pursu-
ance of and in obedience to that act, and the
balance of the three per cent, to which these
States have been entitled has been paid over
to them from time to time; but no part of the
two per cent, was paid, for the reason that on
Stating the account it plainly appeared that the
balance was altogether the other way, only we
cannot recover it, because the States did not
agree to pay it back. Instead, therefore, under
this act of these States being entitled to claim
anything from us upon equity you could make
a much'stronger argument, iti my judgment,
that we should be entitled to claim of these
States to repay to us what we had expended
in excess of these agreements in making pub-
lic improvements in their States, particularly
when at their request and for their benefit we
have surrendered the whole work to them, and
out of which they have made the profits from
tolls, &e., which they chose to impose.
'Mr. President, the tenacity with which a
man who gets interested by some contingent
fee or otherwise in pushing a claim of this
character follows it up, as this gentleman,
Mr. Morris, does is amazing; and it is more
