260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March'3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For folding documents, including pay of
folders in the folding-rooms and materials, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For fuel, eight thousand dollars.
For horses and carriages for transportation
of mails, and saddle-horses for use of messen-
gers, ten thousand dollars.
For furniture, and repairs of the same, six-
teen thousand dollars ; and hereafter accounts
for the public property in the Capitol building,
President's House, and Botanical Garden shall
be kept, and reports thereof made annually to
Congress, only by the respectiveofficershaving
the custody of such property and responsible
for the same.
For packing-boxes, three thousand and
twenty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, including one hun-
dred dollars for contingent expenses of Capitol
police, fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That
after the expiration of the Forty-Second Con-
gress nopay ment shall be made by the House of
Representatives, out of its contingent fund or
otherwise, to either party to a contested elec-
tion case for expenses incurred in prosecuting
or defending the same.
For newspapers and stationery for Repre-
sentatives and Delegates, at one hundred and
twenty-five dollars each, per annum, thirty-six
thousand six hundred and twenty-five dollars;
and for stationery for committees and officers
of the House, five thousand dollars;
For twenty-eight pages, including three rid-
ing pages, at the rate of three dollars per day
while actually employed, seventeen thousand
seven hundred and sixty dollars.
For theusual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional
Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the
House for the session of the Forty-Third Con-
gress, beginning on the first Monday in Decem-
ber, eighteen hundredandseventy-three, eight
. hundred dollars each, four thousand dollars.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Forcompensation of the Congressional Print-
er, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
thirteen thousand nine hundred and fourteen
dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, namely:
for stationery, postage, advertising, traveling
expenses, horses and wagons, and miscellane-
ous items, two thousand five hundred dollars.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
For compensation of the Librarian, four thou-
and dollars; and for fourteen assistant libra-
rians, three at two thousand five hundred dollars
each ; two at one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars each; one at one thousand six hundred
dollars; two at one thousand four hundred
and forty dollars each ; three at one thousand
two hundred dollars each; two atonethousand
dollars each; and one at nine hundred and
sixty dollars per annum; in all, twenty-six
thousand one hundred and forty dollars.
For purchase of books for the Library, eight
thousand dollars; for purchase of law books
for the Library, two thousand dollars; for pur-
chase of files of periodicals and newspapers,
one thousand five hundred dollars ; for ex-
penses of exchanging public documents for the
publications of foreign Governments, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; in all, thirteen thou-
sand dollars.
For t,he purchase of new books of reference
for the judges of the Supreme Court, two thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For expenses of copyright business, five
hundred dollars.
For Botanic Garden, grading, draining, pro-
curing manure, tools, fuel, and repairs, and
purchasing trees and shrubs, under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress, five
thousand dollars.
For pay of superintendent and assistants in
Botanic Garden and green-houses, and two ad-
ditional laborers, under the direction of the
Library Committee of Congress, twelve thou-
sand one hundred and forty-six dollars.
Public Buildings and Grounds.
■ For pay of clerk in the office of public build-
ings and grounds, one thousand four hundred
dollars.
For messenger in the same office, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For the public gardener, one thousand four
hundred and forty dollars.
Foralandscape gardener, onethousand eight
hundred dollars.
For the laborer in charge of the water-closets
in the Capitol, seven hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
For a foreman and laborers employed in the
public grounds, nineteen thousand two hundred
and ninety-six dollars.
For four laborers in the Capitol, two thou-
sand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For furnace keeper, in charge of heating-
apparatus under the old Hall of the House of
Representatives, eight hundred and sixty-four
dollars.
For furnace keeper at the President's House,
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For two policemen at the President's House,
two thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For.one night watchman at the President's
House, nine hundred dollars, and one usher,
one thousand two hundred dollars.
For two doorkeepers at the President's
House, one thousand two hundred dollars
each.
For two draw-keepers at the bridge across the
Eastern Branch of the Potomac,and for fuel, oil,
and lamps, one thousand six hundred dollars.
For watchman in Franklin square, seven
hundred an<ftwent,y dollars.
For the person in charge of the heating
apparatus of the Library of Congress and other
steam-heating apparatus in the central build-
ing, eight hundred and sixty-four dollars. '
For five watchmen in reservation number
two, three thousand six hundred dollars.
For watchman at Lincoln square, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For watchman at Lafayette square, seven
hundred and twenty dollars.
For watchman for circle at intersection of
Pennsylvania avenue and Twenty-fourth street,
five hundred and forty dollars.
For one bridge-keeper at Chain bridge,
seven hundred and twenty dollars.
For watchman for circle at intersection of
Massachusetts and Vermont avenues, five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For contingent and incidental expenses, two
thousand dollars.
EXECUTIVE.
For compensation of the President of the
United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice President of
the United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign pat-
ents for public lands, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Forcompensation to Private Secretary, three
thousand five hundred dollars; assistant sec-
retary, two thousand five hundred dollars;
two executive clerks at two thousand three
hundred dollars each, steward at two thousand
dollars, and messenger at one thousand two
hnndred dollars, of the President of the United
States; in all, thirteen thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the executive
office, including stationery therefor, 6ix thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State,
eight thousand dollars; two Assistant Secre-
taries of State, at three thousand five hundred
dollars each; for chief clerk, two thousand five
hundred dollars ; ten clerks of class four, ad-
ditional compensation to one clerk of class four
as disbursing clerk, nine clerks of class three,
three clerks of class two, eight clerks of class
one, one messenger, one assistant messenger,
nine laborers, and four watchmen; in all,
seven ty-four thousand eight hundred and twenty
dollars.
For publishing the laws of the third session
of the Forty-Second Congress in pamphlet form,
and in newspapers, fifty thousand dollars.
For proof-reading, and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and con-
sulates, including boxes and transportation of
the same, three thousand dollars; for sta-
tionery, furniture fixtures, and repairs, five
thousand dollars; for books and maps, two
■thousand five hundred dollars ; for extra clerk
hire and copying, four thousand dollars ; for
contingent expenses, namely, rent, fuel, lights,
repairs, and miscellaneous expenses, thirty-
two thousand five hundred dollars; inall, forty-
seven thousand dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Secretary's Office.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, eight thousand dollars, two Assistant
Secretaries of the Treasury, at three thousand
five hundred dollars each; chief clerk, two
thousand two hundred dollars, and three hun-
dred dollars additional for acting as superin-
tendent of the building; forty-nine clerks of
class four, additional compensation of two hun-
dred dollars to one clerk of class four as dis-
bursing clerk, thirty clerks of class three,
twenty-six clerks of class two, twenty-seven
clerks of class one; thirty-two female clerks,
at nine hundred dollars each ; eleven messen-
gers, one assistant messenger, and ten labor-
ers ; one clerk of class four, and one clerk of
class one, to assist the chief clerk in superin-
tending the building; one captain of the watch,
one thousand four hundred dollars ; one en-
gineer, one thousand six hundred dollars ; one
machinist and gas-fitter, one thousand two
hundred dollars; one storekeeper, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars ; sixty watchmen, at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each, and
additional to two of said watchmen, acting as
lieutenants of watchmen, two hundred and
eighty dollars each; thirty laborers, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars each : one assist-
ant engineer, at one thousand dollars; nine
firemen, at seven hundred and twenty dollars
each ; ninety charwomen, at 'one hnndred and
eighty dollars each ; in all, three hundred'and
sixty-six thousand three hundred dollars ; and
for additional clerks and additional compen-
sation to clerks in his office, twenty-two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Supervising Architect.
In the construction branch of the Treasury:
For supervising architect, four thousand
dollars; assistant supervising architect, two
thousand five hundred dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars: photographer, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; two assistant pho-
tographers, one at one thousand six hundred
dollars, and one at one thousand two hundred
dollars; two clerks of class four, four clerks
of class three, three clerks of class one, and
one messenger; in all. twenty-eight thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
First Comptroller of the Treasury.
For First Comptroller of the Treasury, five
thousand dollars; chief clerk two thousand
dollars ; ten clerks of class four, twelve clerks
of class three, twelve clerks of class two, six
clerks of clas one; six copyists, at nine hun-
dred dollars each ; one messenger, one assist-
ant messenger, and three laborers; ia all,
