187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
items as tbey thought would commend them-
selves to the favorable consideration of the
Senate. • If the Secretary will read the account
I think the Senate will have no objection to
passing the bill for the amount reported by the
committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope this account will
be allowed. It has been before the Commit-
tee on Commerce for a number of years. A
large portion of the account allowed by the
committee was for divers and sundry expenses
which the Department of State itself says are
correct and ought to be allowed, only the
account was not presented at the proper time.
Theclaim, I think, was referred by the com-
mittee to the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
VirKBRs] and the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Buckingham] to give it a careful Con-
sideration, aod to allow what they thought
proper from the items furnished in the ac-
count. I hope the Senate will allow the bill
to pass.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not un-
derstand from listening to the report that any-
thiug of that kind was stated in it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Such are the facts.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let the account
be read to the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Secretary has
the account I will ask him to read it. I think
it is among the papers.
Mr. CARPENTER. It will not take more
than three days to read the accotint.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will not take more
than three minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it would
be better to recommit the bill, and let the com-
mittee make a report and show what the claim
is, for the report does not show anything
abont the case; and if we are to vote on that
report, I suppose, if the Senate listened to it,
it will not commend itself particularly to
them.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask that the bill belaid
aside informally until the account can be
found.
Mr. CHANDLER. The account is here.
Mr. VICKERS. Then I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The Urmed States of America
To Alexander Henderson: Dr.
1863. For expenses incurred m several visit*
to Ba^beg in connection with the wreck
and crew of the J. S. Parsons...  $130 00
1962. For expenses incurred in looting after
the Alabama  35 00
For two flag-staffs and ringing    87 00
For stationerx,bought for the consulate  'H 00
For expenses incurred for the defense of
John Welch, an American sailor of the
ship Creole, charged with murder, £15. 72 60
For cash paid to sundry persons for sav-
ing the life of Captain E. Parsons, of
the J. S. Parsons. SA  19 36
1869. For cash paid for the defense of Ben-
jamin Booth, oharged with murder, ac-
count approved by Mr. Motley, £20
7 . 6d  98 56
1858 to 1870. For eash paid for stationery, for
printing and freight, £50 Is. 2d  242 25
For ten days* services in procuring from
the United States testimony for the
defense of John Welsh, of the Ameri-
can ship Creole, charged with the mur-
der of one George Simpson, on or about
October 8,1862, said defense having been
macle under the instructions of the .
United States minister to London, Eng-
land, at t5 per day  50 00
For twenty days' services in procuring
from the United States testimony for
the defense of Benjamin Booth, a nat-
uralized citizen of the United States,
charged with the murder of one Thomas
Ityle, on or about the 13th day of Sep-
tember, 1869, said defense having been
'made under the instructions of the
United States minister at London, Eng-
land, $5 per day..  100 00
1863-64. for expenses in boarding Messrs.
Allan's steamships one day in each
week, while lying at anchor awaiting
the latest London mail by express train,
and reporting to Hon. C. F. Adams,
United States minister, the passing and
repassing of confederate genetals and
other officials making Halifax their
place of call.„  200 00
$1,006 77
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the bill be engrossed and read
the third time ?"
The question was determined in the affirm-
ative, tnere being, on a division—aye? 22,
noes 16.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE! HOU8E.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPhehson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
[ ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
1 No. 2046) for the relief of Theodore Adams.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 3425) for the relief of H.
Clay Elliott, of Henderson, Kentucky ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3497) authorizing the
Secretary of War to contract for the construc-
tion of a light draught snag-boat to ply on the
Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2865) to fix the compen-
sation of gaugers and measurers at the port of
Boston ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2893) for the relief of
Mary Love; and
j A bill (H, R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams.
POINT SAN JOSE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill
| (S. No. 755) for the relief of the former occu-
pants of the military Reservation at Point San
Jos6 in die city and county of San Francisco,
the consideration of which was resumed by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds, h> the chair.) The Chair will state
that two amendments were reported to this
bill by the Committee on Military Affairs, one
of which has been agreed to, and the remain-
ing one, not yet acted upon, will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line twenty-three, to strike out the
words "and assigns" and to insert the words
"grantees, assigns, or legal representatives."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to hear some explanation of the bill, more
than simply hearing it read, before it is voted
upon; but if there is none to be given I ask
that it go over.
Mr. WEST. I did not exactly understand
the Senator.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I say that I
should like to hear some explanation of the
bill before being called upon to vote upon it,
and if there is no explanation to be given I
object to its present consideration.
Mr. WEST. The question to which this hill
relates has been before the Senate in various
shapes. If the Senator from New Jersey will
refer to the statutes of 1870, he will discover
that Congress at its then session yielded and
relinquished the interest of the United States
to a certain portion of land adjacent to the
premises now embraced by this bill. In 1850,
if I remember aright, certain settlers located
on what they considered the public lands, adja-
cent to the then pueblo of San Francisco. All
those questions have been litigated and are no
doubt familiar to all the members of the Sen-
ate. Their titles have been confirmed by the
commission appointed by the Congress of the
United States; they have been confirmed by
the Supreme Court of the United States gen-.
erally; but in this special instance, after the
claimants had been peaceably in possession
of that property for a period of some thir-
teen years, after they had maintained uninter-
rupted possession during that period, after they
had made improvements upon that property ,
within the cognizance and notice of the
United States authorities, who allowed them
to proceed without let or hindrance, it was
subsequently, as I said before, some thirteen
years after their occupation, discovered that
the United 'States claimed the property as a
military reservation.
If the Senator from New Jersey will call for
the reading of the report in the case, Senate
Report No. 114, he will find the facts briefly
stated. Congress, by the act of July 1, 1870,
relinquished the title of the Government to
the coclaimants of other lands adjacent to the
premises which it is. now proposed to release,
but for military purposes it was deemed neces-
sary to reserve a certain area of land which
embraced the property of .these claimants.
This bill now designs to .put, these claimants
upon the same footing with those in whose
behalf Congress previously acted, only in lieu
of giving them back their lands, it proposes to
compensate them for them by such adjudica-
tion as the Court of Claims may deem equit-
able and just.
There is one circumstance that I may mention
in connection with this bill that will perhaps
induce the Senate to act upon it one way or
the .other to-day. The most prominent claim-
ant in the case has, since the sun rose this
morning, at the very threshold of Congress,
departed this life. Almost within the sound
of my voice, on Capitol Hill, one of the
claimants who was ousted from the possession
of this property not quite ten years ago has,
in the midst of his appeals to Congress, been
removed froipt|ii8 world-by the mandate of the
Almighty.
If there is any particular point of equity
under which these claimants should seek
redress, I think it can be found in the second
of the reasons given by the committee in their
report recommending the passage of the bill.
They had no notice that this property was
claimed by the Government. They did not
have the legal notice that the Government was
bound to give and furnish. The eighth section
of the act of Congress of September 4, 1841,
provides that whenever the Government of the
United States shall desire to reserve for mil-
itary or for other purposes any tracts of -land
that are donated to certain States, it shall be
done by a law of Congress or by a proclama-
tion of the President of the United States;
by a law of Congress giving all claimants fair
notice that the Government reserves those
premises, or by a public proclamation of the
President of the United States that they must
keep hands off in their settlement upon the
public domain so far as the property embraced
in the proclamation is concerned. It can be
shown conclusively that in this case there was
no such law, there was no such proclamation.
President .Fillmore, by a mere military order,
as commander-in-chief of the Army, reserved
this land. So little was it known, so little was
it expected that it would be required for mil-
itary purposes, that the order of Mr. Fillmore
making such reservation was stuck in the
pigeon-hole of a land office in California, and
was accidentally resurrected from that point
when the military discovered that they wanted
it thirteen years afterward.
This case appeals to Congress as an equita-
ble one. It appeals to Congress for the reason
that they have treated similar claimants with
leniency an,d with consideration, by releasing
the property to them after it was determined
that these premises were necessary for military
purposes, and the question for the Senate is
whether they will do the same justice to these
claimants that they have done to the others.
Me. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I asked for information because I did not un-
derstand from the mere reading of the bill what
the nature of this application was; and I con-
fess, that since I have heard the explanation
the bill does not commend itself to my judg-
ment. I understand the case to be this: that
a number of persons who had no title settled
