1873.
THE CONGrliESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
amazing that arguments which even a person
interested as he is has failed to discover, that
constructions and reasons for demanding this
of us which never entered into bis head or
into the head of anybody in his^State through
long periods of time, should, when upon the
plain construction of these statutes it is evi-
dent his case has nothing in it, be brought
forward by Senators in debate, unsupported,,
as I repeat, by a single fact of history, con-
demned as I have shown you by the evidence,
by the clear statements of history the other
way, as the reason why the people' of the
United States should be taxed to give these
three States, who do not need it, who are not
suffering, who have no cause to complain of
the want of liberality of this Government
toward them, this sum of money which has
been made this source of claim through this
agency for so long a period of time.
The honorable Senator from Ohio said that
we had dealt harshly with Ohio. Suppose we
had ; what has that to do with this question ?
Have we dealt harshly, however, with Ohio ?
He says that we have Sold lands in her limits
at two dollars an acre. That was the price
everywhere else at that time, and it was paid
by citizens of the eastern States, who bought
the lauds and who emigrated to Ohio, and
whoseexemptioti from taxation, which he says
was the great hardship, also, which we imposed
upon them," was that just and proper ex-
emption which tended to the advantage of Ohio
instead of to the advantage of the Union, be-
cause in those heavily timbered States when
the emigrant goes in aud takes up his land at
two dollars an acre, or whatever the price
may be, it requires him four or five years to
fell the forest, to clear away the growth of na-
ture and to build up for himself an establish-
ment which will enable him to become a
power in the State and to assist in bearing
the public burdens. I assert, therefore, that
the United States have not been harsh toward
the people of Ohio. I assert that this very
exemption from taxation was not imposed
upon Ohio or upon any other State. It was not
the condition upon which they were admitted
into the Union; they were admitted abso-
lutely, and it was left to their free choice to
say whether they would or would not exempt
from taxation the emigrant who was felling
the forest 'and building the cabin and plowing
the field ; and yet it having been left to them,
and they having chosen, through a wise policy,
a policy of self-interest as well as liberality,
to adopt that proposition, I say it comes
with an ill grace for them to turn around and
say, " Now we having adopted it you shall
pay back to us the money we might have re-
alized by taxing the young emigrant as he was
cutting down the forest and building up his
faitn.
Some reference has also been made to the
shares of land grants that various States have
received. Your own State, Mr. President,
(Mr. Ferry, of Michigan, in the chair,) has
been referred to by Senators as having ob-
tained a greater proportion of land grants than
some of the others. What has that to do with
this question ? Do Senators mean to say that
you are going to equalize land grauts and
other benefits of the United States by this
bill ? Will giving to these States two or three
million dollars, whatever it may amount to,
make the equality of benefits conferred by
the Government upon the people of all the
States perfect? Is that the object that these
gentlemen have in view? Are they seeking
for equality ? If they are, you must have a
much wid-er bill than this; you must instruct
the Departments, from the foundation of the
Government, to open an account with every
State, to open an account, indeed, with every
appropriation, tfith every river, with every
fort, with every dock-yard; you must open an
account with every city ; you must open an
accountwith every merchant and every farmer;
and when you have made such an account,
and have struck the long balance, you will
find, as in every well-ordered comma,pity you
should find, fhat there is equality now; you
will find that the people of Ohio are benefited
by the grants to Michigan; you will find that
the people of the Pacifio are benefited by the
rivers and harbors improved on the Atlantic
coast; you will find that wherever a people
are a nation bound together by a mutual
interest, and having the means af a mutual
intercourse, you can do''iogo,od to-one part
that you do not do to all.
Therefore, Mr/President, we should not be
asked to equalize benefits by giving gratuities
to one State rather than to another. Do
not let us, be misled, under color of a claim
based upon the idea of making an equality,
into the fatal error that every time one State
demands or asks something of this nation you
are to look to another and see whether she
has had more or less. It is too narrow a
view of the beneficent grants that Congress
has made to these various States, and no man
grudges them. I certainly do not say that you
are equalizing anything io auswering this de-
mand.
Why, sir, look at Illinois; look at the mag-
nificent land grant which was made to that
State, and whicn was applied to the aid, I
believe, of what is called her Central railway,
and which now brings into the coffers of that
State, year by year, in cash, as her share of
the income of that road, more than a million
dollars I believe; certainly more than twenty
years ago it was more than a quarter of a mil-
lion dollars, as I saw this morning in one of
her reports. And yet are we to be told that
that great benefaction is an element either
way in a question like this? Sir, that great
grant has been a benefit to the citizens of my
State; it is a benefit.to the Pacific; it is a
benefit to the South ; and therefore it never
should be referred to otherwise than as to
point out to my honorable friend from Ohio
and my honorable friend from Indiana, if he
has alluded to it—I do not remember that he
has—that they are standing upon an insecure
foundation when they bring forward what they
conceive toJ be the omissions of Congress to
make as great grants to them as have been
made to others, as one circumstance to prop
up this most extraordinary daim.
No, Mr. President, the care which this
Government owes to its people is a universal
care; and whatever it does unto one in the
field of its duty it does unto all; and its ben-
efactions should be, as they always have been,
wherever applied, benefactions devoted to the
general welfare and not to local interests as
such, so that the growth and prosperity of the
people on all sides, in the Bast and in the
West, in the North and in the South, is as
catholic and universal as the flag is that pro-
tects their honor and is the emblem of their
progress.
If these States are in distress, if their in-
terests are at a low ebb, if their prosperity is
impaired, it behooves us all to see to it for the
general welfare that every aid that we can
constitutionally extend to them should be ex-
tended, and it will be extended as an act of
justice as well as of love; but if these States
are great and proud and prosperous, giving us
all honor and giving us all prosperity out of
their own, let them not demand here that to
equalize something we shall give them money
to which they are not entitled.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this is not
a question whether Ohio, Indiana, or Illinois
is in distress ; it is a simple question of the
justice and the rightfulness of the claim. If
the claim can be opposed by argument and
by fact, that is legitimate; but it is not legiti-
mate to insinuate that these States are here in
the lobby', as has been done repeatedly in this
debate. So far as Indiana is concerned, she
has no agent in these lobbies. She has nobody
to represent her but her Senators in this body
and her Representatives in the other House.
The insinuation has been niade by.the ^senator
from Yecmont repeatedly during this debate
that there are lobbyists here, and men with
.contingent fees, who are buttonholing Sena-
tors and urging them to vote for this claim.
The Senator can make opposition upon the
ground of argument, but tie can hardly afford,
I take it, to make that sort of opposition to
this bill. .
The Senator seems to have the impression
that he is a gridiron upon which I and other
Senators are broiling. Well, sir, I can afford
to be considered the bear if he can afford to
be considered the gridiron.
It did not excite any particular surprise that
my friend from Vermont opposed this bill. I
think he is generally found in the opposition ;
and I am afraid it gives him discomfort some-
times to support even his own bills. I believe
in proper opposition, but it may be carried too
far sometimes, and it is possible that the Sen-
ate may sometimes get tired of it. I have
listened to the argument of the Senator this
morning, and I may fairly submit Ukthe judg-
ment of those who have heard it, that it is
made up of technicalities and special plead-
ings, and that has bleen the difficulty with him
from the very beginning.
Mr. President, I do not intend to go over
this argument again. I think this case has
been fairly presented on behalf of these three
States, and all that, can be said on the other
side has been said over and over again, and, I
submit, has been repeatedly answered. We
are entitled to have a vote upon this claim.
It has been urged for a long time by these
three States, not because they are in distress,
but because they understand that they are
entitled to it. The question has been argued
by the Governors of those States; their Legis-
latures have memorialized Congress on the
subject; and they are at least entitled to be
treated respectfully, and not to be treated a8
lobbyists, not to be treated as seeking some-
thing upon contingent fees and by dishonorable
means. A State is not entitled to privilege, it
is very true; but when a State presents a
claim it ought at least to be respectfully
treated, and it ought not to be treated as a job
being urged by parties in private interests;
and yet this is the way this claim has been
met.
I said the Governors of these States, dis-
tinguished and honorable men, without regard
to party, and the Legislatures of these States
have expressed their opinion upon this claim,
and when their Senators "express their opin-
ions, and dare to prefer the claim, it ought
not to be asked, "Are these States in dis-
tress?"' " Are ^ they on the verge of bank-
ruptcy?" It ought not to be insinuated that
they have lobbyists and dishonorable agents
about here who are urging Senators by dishon-
orable means to vote for this claim. We pre-
sent this claim upon its merits, and we are
now willing that the vote shall be taken upon
it. As I said before, I do not intend to offer
another word of argument upon it. I simply
ask for the vote.
Mr. CHANDLEK. I wish to correct a
statement that I made yesterday. I was trying
to illustrate the impolicy of following bad
precedents, and I stated that the precedent
which had been set in the case of Maryland
for expenses incurred in the war of 1812 was '
dead; and while I was making the statement
they were discussing the identical bill in the
other House. That hydra-headed monster
made its appearance at that very moment in
the other House. Instead of the amount of
that claim being, as stated there yesterday,
from three million to three million two hun-
dred thousand dollars, it amounted fifteen
years ago, when we supposed it was killed,
to over nineteen million dollars, and now has
fifteen years' additional interest upon this
compound interest. Sir, there is no death to
a measure before Congress. It never dies. It
is as good a thousand years hence as now.
