1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
(H. R. No. 3255) declaring the true meaning
of a statute is before the Senate, and the ques-
tion is, "Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. The House bill is not in
a state of passage. I do not want to interrupt
the solemnities of the occasion, but the House
bill has not been read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. Then the question is on
reading it a third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that it is.
You had better have it read and let us know
its condition.
The PRESIDING OPPICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole and open to amendment.
^ Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
bill read if there is no special objection by the
claimants.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on ordering the bill to be read the
third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COOPER. My colleague [Mr. Brows-
low] and myself are paired on this question.
If he were here he would vote "yea, and I
should vote "nay."
Mr. CONKLING. I think I should say in
regard to the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] as he left his pair with me, that he
is paired on this bill with the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Ransom.]
Mr. RANSOM. I so stated this morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I was not in at the
moment.
Mr. HILL. At the request of the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] I paired
with him on all questions connected with this
bill while either one of us should be absent
from the Chamber. If the Senator from Del-
ware were present I should vote "yea" on
this proposition, and he would vote "nay."
Mr. RANSOM. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cameron.] If he were here he would
vote " nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. RICE. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Ferry.] If he were present he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea."
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from New Jer-
sey, [Mr< Stockton,] who would vote "yea"
if present, is paired with the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who would vote
"nay," I was requested to announce that
fact.
Mr. CLAYTON. I was requested by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Ames] to state
that he was paired with the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Caldwell.] If present the
Senator from Mississippi would vote "nay,"
and the Senator from Kansas would vote
" yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Oasserly, Clay-
ton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Groldthwaite,
Harlan, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morton, Norwood,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Sherman, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, vickers, Wilson, and Win-
dow—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbefct, Cra-
gin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Prelinghuysen. Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Howe, Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Rob-
ertson. Schurz, Scott, Sprague, West, and Wright—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Cooper, Perry of Connecticut,
Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Osborn, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury,
Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, and Sum-
ner—23.
So the bill was rejected.
order of business.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 8498) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, i move to
amend by substituting Senate bill No. 693. It
is now three o'clock and I think we ought to
act on this bill which has already been acted
on by the Senate and by the House. We can
dispose of it to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a motion to take up a bill is an
independent motion, and is to be decided by
itself; but if this motion should fail, a motion
to take up another bill can then be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I hope
the appropriation bill will not be taken up, be-
cause this other measure ought to be acted on
at this session. It has already been acted on
by both Houses to a certain extent. It is the
national college bill. I ask that it be taken
up now and disposed of.
Mr. COLE. My motion is to take up the
Post Office appropriation bill which has been
acted on by only one House, and therefore it
ought to receive the action of the other House
at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from California is to proceed to
the consideration of the Post Office appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to—ayes thirty-one,
noes not counted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I give notice
that I will endeavor to call up the college bill
to-morrow morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. 11 wish the attention of
the Senator from California for one moment.
I gave notice that to-morrow at one o'clock I
should seek to call up the resolution relative to
publishing the debates of Congress. I should
even at the risk of opposing it to an appro-
priation bill ask to go on with it now, but
that I have been notified by some Senators
who have some substitute or some amend-
ments to offer to the resolution that supposing
it would not come up until one o'clock to-mor-
row they are not ready to offer them now. I
therefore ask the Senator from California to
agree that to-morrow at one o'clock the appro- I
priation bill may be laid aside informally, sub-
ject to his demand to be called up at any time,
that we may dispose of this necessary business
of the Senate. I should like to have him con-
sent to it in order that all the Senators who
desire to take part in the discussion or to vote
upon the joint resolution may have notice and
be present.
Mr. COLE. I hope such progress will be
made with this appropriation bill to-day as to
have it out of the way by to-morrow by one
o'clock, in order that the Senator may go on
with his measure. If it is the pleasure of the
Senate to proceed with that by laying aside
this informally, of course I shall not resist it.
I am anxious that the measure that he refers
to shall be disposed of; but I do not like to
make any agreement in violation of the wishes
of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I think it is under-
stood that at one o'clock to-morrow, at least,
I shall attempt to bring it up, and it is also
understood, I think, that there will be no op-
position to that; and Senators who desire to
be present or take part in the discussion will
govern themselves accordingly.
Mr. SAWYER. I now ask the Senator
from California, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to yield for a moment
for me to get a vote on the resolution which I
offered yesterday morning, to take a recess
to-day and have a session this evening for the
purpose of considering bills from the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. The Senator
will oblige me by yielding for that motion.
Mr. COLE. Senators all around me object
to that, and I really do not feel that I am at
liberty to give way for a resolution of that
kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the provision relative to a recess
in the rule adopted at this session, as it was at
the last session, a majority can order a recess,
but it must be to go on with the afternoon
business. To provide a special evening for
special business requires a resolution which
lies over under objection and must be called
up regularly. But the recess provided for in
the rule adopted at this session and at the last,
is to continue afternoon business. A majority
can do that.
Mr. SAWYER. Unless it is laid aside.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of course it
can be laid aside.
Mr. SAWYER. I trust the Senator from
California will not reduce me to the necessity
of making a motion independent of his will in
the matter, but that he will yield to my motion
which it will take but a moment to decide,
Mr. COLE. I think it is very likely that
before the hour of half past four arrives I may
move for a recess in order to proceed with the
Post Office appropriation bills and the other
appropriation bills that are pending.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not wish to
oppose the appropriation bills, but to hasten
them as fast as possible; but still there was a
bill before the Senate yesterday which was
ordered to be printed. 1 believe it has been
well considered, and I think there will b<3 no
objection to it. I ask unanimous consent to
have it taken up and the vote taken on it. I
think no one will object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent to.
take up Senate bill No. 1572, which was ob-
jected to yesterday, in regard to suppressing
obscene literature, that the vote may be had
upon it without further debate. Is-there ob-
jection to that proposition?
Mr. COLE. I am very anxious indeed that
that bill shall be disposed of, but I think it
can be done after we have proceeded awhile
with the appropriation bill. It will lead ta
debate, I fear.
state of louisiana.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there ought to be
some reasonable compromise on the part of
the various Senators who are struggling for
their bills. I should like to have a resolution
passed from the Committee on Printing, be-
cause the type is now standing and it must be
distributed at once.
The resolution was received and read, as
follows:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions, and the views of dissenting members of said
committee, without the evidence, be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. In what case ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Louisiana case.
Let the resolution be modified to state what
the report is about.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
cattaraugus indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that there is a con-
ference report pending, which was objected to
in consequence of its length. Is there objec-
tion to the continuation of the reading of the
conference report which was commenced a
few minutes since ?
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will be agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I will yield informally, if it
does not cause debate. If it leads to debate,
I shall insist on the regular order, which is
the Post Office appropriation bill.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the
conference committee, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 2261) to authorize the Cattaraugus
and Alleghany Indians in New York to lease lands,
confirm leases, and to quiet title to their lands, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference, have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows, t.o wit:
That the House reccde from its disagreement to
