1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
to the settlers a possessory right did not part
with the absolute title, and that is true; but
the ground on which the decision of the Su-
preme Court rests is that the Mexican Govern-
ment could exercise in its sovereign capacity
the right to take any of this land without com-
pensation. If that were so, it would be
inequitable to take it after settlers were
allowed on it; but I do not think as a matter
of practice under the Mexican Government
this land would ever have been taken from the
citizens without compensation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If these citizens had any
title to this land under the laws of Mexico, as
a matter of course their title would have been
continued under the laws of the United States
by the express terms of the treaty, but the
Supreme Court has decided that they had no
title to this land. That is the end of their
case unless we choose to review that decision
and say that this squatter right of persons on
public lands is a title which mnst be paid for
by the Government.
Mr. STEWART. That is not quite the decis-
ion. The decision is to this effect, that there
was an ultimate right reserved in the Govern-
ment to take land for military purposes in
these pueblos.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is so of all lands ;
but this was decided to be the property of the
Government of the United States. As a mat-
ter of course there is an ultimate right in the
Government for military purposes to take all
our lands.
Mr. STEWART. Not without compensation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that.
Mr. MORTON. What decision does the
Senator from Ohio refer to ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States in the case
referred to in the report of the Military Com-
mittee ; I do not remember the title of the case.
It seemed to me to be just and right that as
we took possession of the improvements as
well as the land, these people having a certain
kind of possession, we should pay for the im-
provements, and that in doing that we should
do all that we could be called on to do. To
that extent I am now willing to go. I moved
at the last session the amendments which I
have here in writing. They simply provide
that jurisdiction shall be conferred on the
Court of Claims to ascertain the compensation
due these parties, which compensation shall
be confined to the value of the improvements
at the time when the military occupation of
the land commenced. Then I would insert in
place of " land and improvements " the words
"the value of such improvements," and
" render judgment for such amount in favor
of the proper parties." The decision of the
Supreme Court I have not got; I do not
remember the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds.) The question is on agreeing to the
last amendment reported by the Commtttee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the amendment
reported by the committee is the whole propo-
sition, and my proposition is an amendment
10 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Ohio that all
the amendments reported by the committee
except the last one have been agreed to, and
therefore the question now is on the last
amendment of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose to amend the
bill when the amendments of the committee
are acted upon.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, it is ex-
ceedingly difficult, perhaps impossible, for any
Senator who has lived only in a State where the
titles to lands were settled absolutely by deraign-
ment from the ultimate source of title, to com-
prehend fully, even after the amplest explan-
ation, the condition of titles or rights to lands
in San Francisco during the early years when
the equity grew up on which this bill is based.
Last session when the bill was before the
Senate, I spoke at some length of the history
of titles to land in San Francisco as bearing
on this claim. I shall not detain the Senate
now by going over the same ground. Enough
to say that lands in San Francisco, as in the
rest of California, came to the United States
as the result of war with Mexico. At once,
before anything was or could be settled by the
conquering country as to titles in San Fran-
cisco, a great immigration of American peo-
ple flocked in there. They went there from
every part of the United States, many of them
across the great plains, many by sea around
the Horn, or across the isthmus of Panama,
while a number made their way through Mex-
ico. When they came there they found no
laws except those which they made themselves.
In like manner they found no system of titles
settled by their own Government, while those
titles which drew their authority from Mexican
law were foreign in their form and substance,
and failed to command the confidence of the
whole people. But they were Americans, they
had before their eyes a land won from Mexico
by their own arms. They knew it was their land,
the land of the United States. They knew
the immemorial policy of their country was to
respect the right of the settler upon the lands
of the United States. They preferred to apply
to the lands which they found at San Francisco
a law which they understood. They took
possession of them as the best thing they
could do. And so they settled there on the
sand hills, and there they planted San Fran-
cisco, destined to be the great city of our
Pacific coast, if you will but let her work out
her destiny. Among those early pioneers of
your Pacific empire were the claimants in the
bill now before us. Among_ the first of them
was he who died this morning, almost at the
doors of this Capitol, where he had been so
long a suppliant for relief.
 ut of the chaos of titles, for there are many
classes of them, some order was in time brought
forth.
Starting with the decision of the United
States Land Commissioner's court, that San
Francisco had been a Mexican pueblo, and as
such was entitled to four square leagues of
land, the Legislature of the State confirmed
the ordinances of the city, establishing the
titles of the actual possessors of lands. Ihese
titles, the highest State court held were valid,
and vested an estate in fee-simple. This was
as early as 1858 or 1859, and thus on the firm
basis, as was supposed, of actual possession
all the different classes of titles, old and new,
Mexican, Mexican-American, and American,
were made to rest in harmony and repose.
Naturally enough, the whole people accepted
such titles as being just what the Legislature
and the courts declared them to be. They
passed from hand to hand, and were bought
and sold at the full market value of the land.
Millions of money were invested in them.
The wealth and prosperity of San Francisco
rested on them. The man who doubted them
was a public enemy.
It is true that by the law as afterward
ascertained it turned out that all the while
the ultimate, absolute title was in the United
States. But this was suspected by but a very
few, and was known by still fewer. The
real state of law had to be finally established
some years afterward by the Supreme Court
of the United States in several decisions. The
principal of these decisions related directly to
the title of the lands a part of which is affected
by this bill.
I do not think it material to inquire what the
Supreme Court of the United States decided
in the case just mentioned. My recollection
of it is that the decision is broader tban a8
stated by the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art. ] But whatever it was, it is I think the re-
sult of all the decisions of the Supreme Court
on the subject, that the ultimate title in all the
lands in the city of San Francisco was in the
Government of the United States, and that
the Government of the United States had a
right to assert that ultimate title at any time
in any way it saw fit, whether by creating a
military reservation, as in the present case,
or by resuming the ownership and possession
in any other manner. I think that will be
found to be the state of the law on the sub-
ject; but that law is of comparatively recent
establishment. For years, while the title or
the claim of title in this case was growing up,
no such law was understood to exist. The
possession of the claimants here was nearly or
quite fourteen years old, when they were dis-
possessed by General McDowell, and the law
was not settled until afterward, and in their
case before the Supreme Court.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to ask the at-
tention of the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Frelinghuysen] to one" view of this subject.
He is right when he says that the title to the
lands held by the claimants was in the United
States; otherwise they would not be here.
He supposes, however, that they were persons
who went upon a reservation as such, well
knowing what it was and what they were
doing. This is a total mistake. True, the
order creating the reservation was issued by
the President in 1850, but for years, probably
until the war and its necessities drew attention
to it, it lay in the pigeon-hole of the Land
Office as much unknown as though it had
never been issued. Outward and visible signs
of a reservation there were none, as I know
from personal observation of the locality.
There was a military reservation in the im-
mediate neighborhood of Point San Jos6, the
land now in question. That was the Pre-
sidio reservation. It was an old military res-
ervation that came down to the United States
Government from the Mexican Government.
It had nothing to do with the reservation in
this case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
obliged to remind the Senator from California
that by the rule his five minutes have expired.
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg pardon of the Sen-
ate. I had forgotten the rule or I should not
have spoken so long.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to make an explanation of that law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Senator from California will
be permitted to proceed. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. That Presidio reserva-
tion of the United States, seventeen or eighteen
hundred acres in extent, was marked out by
very visible signs, by fences inclosing the
whole tract, buildings upon it, the flag of the
United States always flying there, barracks,
sentries, and so on. Nothing of the kind was
over seen at Point San Jos6, though but a
stone's throw off. It was not until after the
civil war broke out and was raging three years
that the Government thought it necessary to
take possession of the lands at Point San Jos6.
There is no doubt that but for the war the
occupants at Point San Jos6 never would have
been disturbed. They would have continued
in the possession, just as all the restof us con-
tinued in possession of the lands we held in
San Francisco until the period arrived when
the Congress of the United States, by two
separate bills, wisely recognized the equities
of the people who had built up San Francisco
and helped to found an empire on that coast,
by releasing to the actual bona fide possessors
of the lands the title of the United States.
It was but the accident of the war that
prompted the military authorities to take pos-
session of this land from the occupants.
This alone it was that prevented them from
receiving the benefit of the acts of Congress.
The only effect of this bill is to apply the same
equity in favor of these occupants thus dis-
possessed which they would have enjoyed under
the acts of Congress had they been left in pos-
session.
