600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
There is no doubt of the perfect good faith
of these parties. The whole community was
acting in the same good faith. If they erred
as to the law, it was eminently one of those
cases where the great maxim of the law applies,
a maxim of as much equity as any other in the
law, that a universal error makes the law.
The case lies in a narrow compass. When
the claimants were ousted by the soldiers in
they had had a possession of nearly
fourteen years, notorious, adverse, continued,
valid against the whole world but the United
States. I hey had every reason to hold it valid
even as against the United States. It had
been declared valid and final by the Legis-
lature and courts of the State. They were put
out under an order of reservation of which
tor twelve or fourteen years they kcew nothing
and could have known nothing. They had
neither notice, warning, nor objection from
the United States or from their officers,
though in full observation of the premises
every day for more than twelve years.
When they were driven out their equity was
just as good as the equity by which all their
fellow-citizens held their lands in San Fran-
cisco. For all the rest, that equity was
matured into a title in fee by the wise policy
of Congress. Had these claimants remained
in possession they would have had the same
benefit from the same policy. It was the acci-
dent of a time of civil war that they were dis-
possessed. All they ask now is that they
shall be dealt with by Congress precisely as
all others were dealt with whose merits differed
in no wise from theirs. As Congress recog-
nized the equities of all the rest, the claimants
ask to have theirs recognized now, at the end
of nine years. That is the effect of the bill
now before the Senate. I trust it will pass.
ii. clay elliott.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the bill (H. R. No.
3425) for the relief of H. Clay Elliott, of Hen-
derson. Kentucky, which came to us just now
from the House of Repr< sentatives. It is to
dispense with a provision of the tax law in
favor of this gentleman.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky asks unanimous consent
that the pending order be laid aside inform-
ally in order that the Senate may now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3425) for the relief of H. Clay Elliott,
of Henderson, Kentucky.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the bill read
for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to permit H. Clay Elliott, surviving
partner of D. R. Burbank & Co., distillers in
Henderson, Kentucky, to commence and carry
on the business of distilling in and at the dis-
tillery erected by that firm in Henderson,
upon a tract of land owned by D. R. Burbank,
one of the members of the firm, who died
intestate in the month of October, 1872, leav-
ing a widow and six infant children, who are
incapable of giving the consent required by
section eight of the act entitled "An act im-
posing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July 20,
18G8, upon compliance with all the provisions
of law now existing, or that may hereafter be
enacted, applicable to distilleries erected prior
to the 20th day of July, 1868.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I take occasion to re-
mark that I never have objected while I have
had the honor of a seat in the Senate under
any circumstances ; but this is a case where I
cannot vote to suspend the business of the
Senate when wc are told that the applicant
wishes to raise a wife and six children by mak-
ing whisky. I am opposed to it in every sense
of the word, aud will vote against it under any
circumstances. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas objects and the Senate re-
feumes the consideration of the bill for the
relief of the occupants of the reservation at
San Jos6.
Mr. S TEVENSON. I ask to have that bill
referred to the Committee on Finance if there
be no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill, to its first and second reading and refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance? The
Chair hears no objection.
The bill (H. R. No. 3425) for the relief of
H. Clay Elliott, of Henderson, Kentucky, vyas
read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
point san jose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumes the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 755) for the
relief of the former occupants of the present
military reservation at Point San Jos6, in the
city and couuty of San Francisco.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
when I made inquiry in reference to this bill,
it was simply to know how I should vote upon
it; and while I confess the statement of the
Senator from New York is calculated to excite
our spmpathies and to make us all desire to
comply with this request to make the benefac-
tion this bill contemplates, I do not see how
it can with any propriety be done by Con-
gress. I assume that the title to this land is
in the United States, or else the act which
was passed in 1870 never would have been
requisite, and there would be no necessity for
this act. And as to the argument of the Sen-
ator from California nearest to me [Mr. Cole]
that the fact of the Government having re-
linquished land which it did not need imposes
on it any obligation in equity or in morals to
pay for land which it does need, I cannot see
the force of it.
It seems to me that the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio is all that any one could
ask. That gives these persons the use 6f the
land during the time they occupied it free, and
it gives them compensation for all their im-
provements.
I have no interest in this subject greater
than that of any other Senator. I understand
that this is a claim of some $150,000 at least,
and therefore it ought to receive the careful
consideration of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, being a
member of the committee that reported this
bill, it is perhaps proper that I should make a
brief statement of the facts on which I agreed
to report it.
In 1841 an act of Congress was passed
authorizing reservations of the public lands
to be made for military and other purposes
either by an act of Congress or by a procla-
mation of the President of the United States.
President Fillmore made an order reserving
this land for military purposes, but there was
no proclamation made; and when search was
made in the Land Office it could not be found.
It was pigeon-holed ; and the action that took
place for a number of years proceeded in
entire ignorance of the fact that this reserva-
tion had been made. The decision of the
Supreme Court which has been referred to
goes upon the principle that the United States
could not be barred by time or by want of
notice, that the right of the United States was
supreme and could not be defeated in the or-
dinary way, such as would-perhaps estop a
private individual.
Now, sir, what are the facts? From the
time that we first acquired California, it was
claimed that there was a pueblo or a town
upon the present site of San Francisco, em-
bracing four square leagues, and that the city
owned the land under a Mexican grant within
those four square leagues. In 1851 a land
commission was appointed under an act of
Congress for the purpose of passing upon this,
perhaps, and other disputed questions of title
, in California. In 1852 the city presented her
claim to the land embraced ia what was called
the pueblo, these four square leagues, to the
land commission. The land commission de-
cided in favor of the right of the city to these
lands. From the decision of the land com-
mission an appeal was taken by the city, be-
cause she complained that she did not get
enough, and an appeal was also taken by the
United States upon the ground that there
should he no allowance made under the claim
of the pueblo. Some time afterward the
United States withdrew its appeal from the
decision of the land commission, and the mat-
ter stood in that way for several years. After
the appeal was withdrawn, that was taken to
be confirmation of the title claimed by the city,
and the city proceeded to dispose of these lands
as if the question of title was complete.
The withdrawal by the Government of its
appeal from the decree of the board was
necessarily regarded as an admission and
recognition on the part of the United States
of the facts on which the claim of the city
rested and as closing the controversy between
the city and the Government as to the lands
to which the city's claim was confirmed. The
title to the property within the city limits to
the value of many millions rested on this
recognition. The supreme court of California
declared that th£ United States had no title to
the land within the limits thus confirmed. The
common council of the city in 1855, by ordin-
ance, which was afterward confirmed by the
State Legislature, released and granted the
city's title to the parties in actual possession
of the land within the corporate limits of
1851. The supreme court of the State then
declared that this release had the effect of a
perfect title.
Encouraged by the action of the General
Government, the city council, the State Legis-
lature, and the decision of the highest tribunal
of the State, citizens purchased lands at Point
San Jos6 the same as at other points within
the city limits, and very extensive and per-
manent improvements were erected on them.
In September, 1864, ten years after the
decision of the United States board of land
commissioners, the case on appeal from the
decision was transferred from the district court
to the circuit court of the United States. In
October, 1864, it was heard by the circuit
court, and then bv stimulation tiled October
31, 1864, for the first time in that case, the
evidence of the reservation of Point San Jos6,
made by order of President Fillmore in 1850
and 1851, was produced. The reservation
was first produced and first shown ten years
after the land commissioners had decided the
claim in favor of the city. In the mean time
the land had been sold, had been improved,
and had passed from hand to hand. So that
a stronger case of equity in favor of these pur-
chasers and holders could not be made out;
and all that the Supreme Court of the United
States has decided since, as I understand, is
that there could be no such estoppel against
the United States as would clearly bind private
parties under the same circumstances ; and it
seems to me to be wholly unimportant, so far
as the decision of this case is concerned, what
might be the ultimate rights of the United: States
under that decision. It is a question of over-
whelming equity in behalf of these claimants.
The decree of the circuit court, made in
accordance with the opinion of the court read
October 3, 1864, confirmed the validity of the
claim of the city to four square leagues of land,
excepting, however, the reservations from the
confirmation. The reservation had then been
produced for the first time, and the circuit
court in making the confirmation excepted
from the operation of its decision the reserva-
tion which was then produced, not deciding
the question either way, as I understand; bin
simply reserving from the effect of the con-
firmation the land covered by the reservation
made in 1850 that had lain dormant and
unknown for more than ten years.
