1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
Tbe same ignorance of the existence of a
reservation of lands at Point San Jos6, shown
by tha law agents of the Government during
twelve years of ibe pendency of litigation be-
tween the United States and tbe city, w^s
shown by the military authorities. While the
Presidio reserve, in close proximity and in
plain sight of Point San Jos6, was protected
by a fence and always guarded by a military
force, and the claim of the Government was
open, public, and notorious, there was nothing
done at Point San Jes6 to indicate any such
claim, and none of the many citizens who
from 18o2 to 1864 made improvements and
large expenditures at this point were ever
cautioned or notified to desist, and ih point of
fact were wholly ignorant of it.
The reserved right under this decision is
purely technical, *and amounta to nothing, and
the United States cannot enforce it without
doing the greatest possible injustice, and for
the enforcement of it there is no necessity
and no reason. The Government has no use
for this land, and, as I understand, is not
using it.
Mr. FPJELINGHUYSEN. I understand
the Government is using it now. This bill
provides not for the land, but for compensa-
tion for it, because the Government is using
it and needs it. One of the grounds stated in
the report is that the Government utilized
these buildings, these improvements which
had been pat upon the land, and that really
does constitute some equity in reference to the
buildings; but how can we hold that these per-
sons can come before the Congress of the
United States and say that they did not know
the Government had title ? They knew they
had no title. If they had title, that was an
affirmative fact for them to know. If this
Government is to pay for all lands which per-
sons who settle on say they did not know
belonged to the Government, if we adopt that
principle, there is no end to the drafts whichr
may be made upon the Treasury.
Mr. MORTON. The case is hardly that.
This is not the case, as before remarked, of
persons settling qn the public lands knowing
them to be such, and where they were liable
to be dispossessed by the Government. But
here is a piece of land with a long history as'
to which they understood the question had
been litigated in 185'2 before a competent au-
thority created by an act of Congress. The
decision had been in their favor, and they had
had continuous and uninterrupted occupation
for many years. This property had been sold
by the city, confirmed by the supreme court
of California and the Legislature of California,
had passed from hand to hand, the title had
been regarded as valid as any title in California,
until ten years afterward, in 1864, this reserva-
tion made by President Fillmore in 1850,
which had never been proclaimed, had never
been published, of which nobody knew any-
thing, was first produced and brought into
cowrt. The Supreme Court afterward held
the reservation to be valid, technically valid,
but inequitably valid.
Mr. HOWE. When did the Government
take possession ?
Mr. MORTON. In 1863.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from California, as
he is obliged by the rule to do, that he has
already occupied his five minutes. j
Mr. COLE. I did not think that I had j
occupied my full time.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have often heard that
one wrong doesnot justify auother. Iflunder-
stand this question, to meet the broadest objec- |
tion as presented I am willing candidly to
agree that the parties in interesc were wrong
in settling upon this land ; but I think it is
apparent that a greater wrong would be com-
mitted upon the part of the United States not
to do them justice after having recognized
them. They have certainly recognized, it
appoare from what I have heard, other parties
that were there, who went on th« land under
similar ciroupastances. Auunmistakable equity
is presented here. After parties had been per-
mitted to make improvements there which are
valuable, the Government certainly was remiss
in not notifying them to leave if it desired
the land. There is no evidence as to any
ejectment or anything in th&t line in any man-'
ner or shape: and if there was a wrong, the
Government certainly participated in it by
permitting them thus to act.
I am only upon this occasion, as I am ever,
in favor of the occupant.. It is not the spirit
of the laws of the United States, it is not in
keeping with the action of the Government to
oppress its citizens. The intention is, and we
boast of it as the most superior Government
known to man, that it tends to raise thentt
up, to buoy them, to bless them, and to make
them happy, thereby making a great and
grand Government; and how is it to be done
except by the development of labor and the
enterprise of citizens that will find the public
domain? And they frequently settle down upon
it when technically the law is against them,
because the title is in the Government of the
United States. They preempt the lands, and
under that preemption title iirares to them,
and it is as good and as sacred as if there were
four hundred patents issued to any one tract.
I hold that tnese parties ought to be pro-
tected by the Government. The Government
have been remiss to say the least. If there
has been one wrong let a remedy be now
accorded to the parties who are entitled in
equity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the com,*
mittee.
Mr. FRELINGHVYSEN. I do not under-
stand the shape the question is in.
Tie. PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the last amendment reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is that amended
by the amendment of the Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; that will come after-
ward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio can move to amend the amend-
ment reported by the committee; but the
Chair is informed that the more appropriate
way would be, as it is not germane to the
particular amendment pending, to hold it in
reserve until this amendment is disposed of.
The question is on agreeing to the last amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I submit the amend-
ment I indicated, which is to strike out in line
eleven the words "lands apd the;" in lines
fourteen and fifteen to strike out the words
" the cash value of said lands and " and insert
the words "confined to;" atid in lines eigh-
teen, nineteen, twenty, and twenty-one to strike
out the words " respective amounts of damage
sustained and loss incurred by the several per-
sons who were so as aforesaid in the possession
of said premises or of any portion thereof at
the time the same were taken for public use,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words " value of
such improvements and render judgment for
such amount in favor of the proper claim-
ants;" so that if amended that portion of the
bill will read:
Shall be compensated by the United States for
the improvements thereon, of which they were
respectively deprived, when said improvements
were taken possession of by the military authorities
of the United States, which compensation shall be
confined to the cash value of the improvements
thereon aL (he time when the military occupation of
said lands commenced; and the Court of Claims
is hereby directed to ascertain and determine the
value of such improvements and render judgment for
such amount in favor of the proper claimants, <fcc.
Mr. COLE. That is a very important
amendment, and upon it I desire to say a
word or two. If these parties had gone upon.
that reservation with the knowledge that it
belonged to the Government of the United
States and would be desired by the United
States foritsuse or for its defense, they would
be in a degree in the wrong, and not justified ;
but they went on there with the full under-
standing that this was, as was the other land
in the city outside of the actual known military
reservations, commoh property. The improve-
ments made upon this property were in some
instances of very great value. The reserva-
tion was bounded by describing a circle from
a point with a radius of eight hundred yards
around from that point, taking all within the
distance of eight hundred yards from the point,
so that the reservation was in the form of
a semicircle or nearly that form.
A few years ago Congress surrendered up
about half, I think, of this parcel of land,
making the reservation conform to the streets
of the city. In the portion that was left out,
and that is now under private ownership, there
are some very valuable improvements which
were made there without any expectation that
this was at the time, the property of the Gov-
ernment. There were upon this land large
factories. There is there at present a large
smelting works worth perhaps hundreds of
thousands of dollars. There was also a large
woolen-mill of gr^at value, one of the largest
in the State, and other factories of that kind
were put upon this land without the least idea
that it belonged to the public, and Congress
has in my judgment very properly relieved
those persons by giving up that portion of the
reservation. And now this bill provides for a
compensation of this kind to the persons who
were upon the rest of the reservation, that the
valne of their property shall be estimated at
the time they were ousted from it, at the time
the military authorities claimed possession of
it in 1863 or 1864, not for its enhanced value
lip to this time, but such value as they were
deprived of at that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the state-
ment made by the Senator from Massachusetts
when this bill was up at the last session, there
is no knowing, in common phrase, what the
value of this land is, whether one million or
two million dollars. It is a very large sum.
It is very near the heart of San Francisco.
When we do substantial justice to these parties
by paying them for their improvements, that
is all we ought to be asked to do.
Mr. MORTON. I would inquire whether
we do substantial justice by paying them for
their improvements when they paid for the
land without improvement*? These private
parties purchased this land; some of it may
have changed hands a dozen times. They
bought originally from thp city of San Fran-
cisco under an ordinance, and they are not in
the position of persons who have settled on
the public lands and paid nothing for them,
and whom the Government can dispossess by
simply paying them for the improvements.
They have paid for the land and then they
have built on the land afterward, and they are
as much entitled to bfe paid for this land as if
they had received the title in the ordinary way
and the Government had afterward taken pos-
session of it for certain reasons. ( 1 hold that
the Government is bound to treat these per-
sons as if they had a good and valid title to
this land when it took it. The Government
wanted the land perhaps for military purposes
in 1863, when it was occupied, during the war;
and if the Government needed the land at that
time it ought to pay for it just as it would pay
anybody else for land, and not seek to deprive
these persons of it by means of a technicality.
They bought the land in good faith and held
it for years, not knowing that there was any
blemish on the title. Why should they not
be paid for it like anybody else ?
Mr. CONKLING. Why pay for the build-
ings if not for the land ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Becanse we have the
benefit of the buildings ; they are betterments.
