1873.
THE CONttRESSIQZML -(KLOiBM.
1065
no objection the amendment will bes cotwiti-
ered as disagreed to. It is disagreed to.
Mr, SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia can m.ove h)s amendment at any time.
Mr. COLE. No, let us perfect this ; it will
take but a moment. I move to insert after
line sixty-one the following proviso :
Provided, That to facilitate letter correspond-
ence and provide greater facilities to the public for
transmission by mail of short communications, the
Postmaster Geneial is hereby authorized to furnish
and issue to the public a stamped letter-sheet en-
velope, which shall be transmitted through the
mails at a postage charge of two cents each, including
the cost of manufacture and to meet the expenses
of such issue a portion of said appropriation, not
exceeding §67,000, may be used.
Mr. SHERMAN. That reduces postage to
two cents.
Mr. COLE. No; it authorizes the Post-
master General, if he sees fit, to furnish a
single letter-sheet envelope, which is an
envelope that may be sealed, and in which a
brief communication may be written, to take
the place in part, if be sees fit, of a postal card.
It is not at all binding upon the Postmaster
General, but if he should in any emergency
regard it as preferable to the postal card, it
being in fact a sealed postal card, he can do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is not an amend-
ment eo.ming from the committee, and I think
therefore it ought to be considered. I cer-
tainly should oppose any reduction of postage
with a deficiency of five millions in the postal
revenue.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator .will not be
in too great a hurry. Let us dispose of this
first,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have moved an amend-
ment, and the question is on that amendment.
I think the amendment of the Senator from
California cannot be adopted without consid-
erable debate.
Mr. COLE. I should like to hear the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest that the amend-
ment should be modified, that the Postmaster
General be authorized to do this if in his
discretion advisable; otherwise it would be
almost a peremptory direction.
Mr. COLE. It is entirely discretionary
with the Postmaster General.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly would oppose
giving discretionary power to the Post-master
General to reduce postage.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not-say that I am in
favor of the proposition of the Senator from
California. 1 only suggest a modification if
the Senator from California insists on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have moved to strike
out from line uinety-nine to the end if that
paragraph in line one hundred and sixty-four.
This proposition is legislative in its character
and proposes to increase the pay of all the rail-
road companies in the United States and appro-
priates half a million dollars for increased pay,
and this in the face of the fact that we have abol-
ished the franking privilege, which will prob-
ably enormously reduce the bulk of the matter
carried in the mail, and have also practically
forbidden the transportation of local papers in
the county in which they are printed through
the mail, because the effect of the last clause
of this bill will be to substitute local carriers
for iocal transportation of papers throughout
the counties where they are printed ; they will
not go through the mail if they have to pay the
same postage as is paid upon papers that are
carried several hundred miles.
This is a proposition to increase the com-
pensation of railroad companies for carrying
the mails half a million dollars ; the percentage
I do not know, but I suppose it is about twenty
per cent, of the present cost of this transporta-
tion, though perhaps not so much as that.
How,, sir, unless some very strong reason is
given for that increase, it ought not to be
adopted, especially in the face of the fact that
the weight of postal matter will be largely de
greased by the operation of the repeal of the
franking privilege and by the operation of this
bill.
The Post Office Department in our country
is a very expensive affair to the people of the
United States. The deficiency appropriated
by this bill is $5,392,606 over and above all
the receipts of the service; and besides that
there is an appropriation in this bill of more-
than $1,000,000 for the ocean steam service,
so that the deficiency in our postal service is
not less than six and a quarter million dollars.
Besides that there is an annual appropriation
of $700,000 to carry free matter.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is no longer provided
for.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was the old appro-
priation. At all events there is a deficiency
of between six and seven million dollars,
counting in the ocean service. Under these
circumstances it seems to me that in a service
which costs about $30,000,000 a year We ought
not to provide for any increase of railroad
compensation, unless it is clearly demanded by
an absolute necessity. I have read the state-
ments and papers made out by the railroad
companies. I do not believe that there is any
just foundation for the statement which has
been made that they receive a less amount for
transporting the mails than other matter car'
ried on railroads. On the contrary, according
to other statements which I have seen, the
amount paid for transporting a pound of mail
matter to a railroad corporation is largely in
excess of that paid for any character of
express matter, except it may be in the case
of a few of the great lines where the great
.weight of matter would reduce the price per
pound to less than the price of the best ex-
press freight. But ordinarily the railroad
companies of the country get a larger compen
sation for carrying the mails in proportion to
their weight than any other transportation,
express matter or any other matter that is
carried on the railroads of the United States.
I am not one of those.who are at all preju-
diced .against railroads. On the contrary, I
believe they are the greatest invention of
modern civilization. I believe the system of
railroads in this and other countries has done
more to elevate mankind than almost any
other modern mechanical agency. Probably
the telegraph and railroad have done more to
civilize mankind in the last thirty years than
any other cause. But, sir, it is to be remem-
bered that the natural tendency of things in
this country is to railroad combination,, to
railroad consolidation. Besides, these rail-
roads are able to run and carry their matter
now at a great deal less expense per mile than
formerly. The expense of railroad transporta-
tion is now less than formerly. It costs less
to run a locomotive ; and by moderu machinery
and modern inventions the cost of transport-
ing a ton per mile is greatly reduced. Twenty
years ago it was supposed that the average
cost of railroad transportation could not be
less than two cents per ton per mile. Now it
has proved to be profitable at less than one
cent per ton per mile. These improvements
cheapening the mode of railroad transport-
ation have been caused by improved engines,
by various mechanical contrivances lessening
the cost of operating railroads.
It seems to me strange, therefore, that now,
when we are reducing the amount of matter
to be carried in the mail, and reducing
its bulk, we should propose by this bill to
increase the cost of our railroad transportation
half a million dollars.
I simply wished to call the attention of the
Senate to this proposition, and to ask the Com-
mittee on Appropriations upon what grounds
and upon what information they make this
proposed increase.
Mr. COLE. The bill as presented by the
committee to the Senate is the same in sub-
stance as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. The committee have undergone a
good deal of labor to determine what should
be done-in reference to this proposed change
in carrying the mail. The question seems to
turn upon whether the postal ear system shall
be maintained, or whether we shall run the risk
of having it dispensed with.: The statemeatis
made on behalf of the railroad companies that
they will carry the mail gladly as through
freight is carried, at the rates that, are now
provided by law, at the rates at which they
ha,^e been accustomed to carry it, and will
make no complaint whatever of that; but if
they furnish postal cars at their own expense,
as they have done hitherto, as they allege, upqn
the faith of the promise of the Department that
they would be properly compensated for the
service of those cars, they claim greater pay.
They claim that the pay they should have is a
great deal more than is allowed in the bill. ■ If
they were paid for carrying the mail as.^hey
are paid for carrying second-class freight, the
additional amount to that which is allowed
them would be something like $3,000,000.
The committee has seen fit to grade the ser-
vice in such manner as to retain, if possible,
the convenience of postal cars. They are
run on now nearly all the principal lines of
railroad, and a great deal of the post office
business proper is done on those cars. The
mails are very generally distributed on board
of them, and when arriving at the great centers
of commerce and business, they are transmit-
ted from one train to another without going to
the post office at all. In that way a large amount
of work which was formerly done in the post
offices is now done on board these postal cars,
and thus a great deal of facility in the trans-
mission of the mails is obtained, and they are
sent to their destination of course a great deal
quioker than if they were sent through the large
distributing offices, as, was the case before the
establishment of the postal cars.
1 will add that the amount that is .provided
for this service by the Post Office bill which is
now under consideration is not much in addi-
tion to that which has been paid from time to
time for the carriage of the mail^ by railroad.
I have before: me ,a statem^nt'rwAieh was pre-
sented by the Postmaster General, and I will
here say that not only the Postmaster General
but the head of the bureau in that Department
who has this matter in charge were bfefore the
committee a number of times, and also per-
sons representing the principal railroad lines,
and a communication from one or more per-
sons representing those companies I will ask
presently to have read.
The amount paid for the transportation of
the mails now by railroad is really more than
that which is paid for transportation ou other
routes. The amorint paid to railroad compa-
nies already was some $6,502,771 for the last
year, while the total amount paid for the con-
veyance of the mails by .all other means,
steamboat, stage, and other conveyances, was
only a little over six millions. The addition
that will be made in the amount if the bill is
passed as reported will be, as it is alleged, not
to exceed half a million dollars, which is pro-
vided, and it was in that form that the bill
came to the Senate from House of Represent-
atives. I judge that the matter was very fully
considered in the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the House before the bill was reported
and adopted by that body.
The statement is often made on behalf of
the railroad companies that the postal cars
will be taken off, that they are run at a great
expense, that the expense of hauling them
and of keeping them in the trains is a great
deal more than is compensated by any pro-
vision that has been made by the Government,
and they allege that they will be taken off and
that the mail can after that be carried in the
ordinary way. Now, Mr. President, 1 do not
for myself believe that such a threat would be
Carried out, unless it were by some few of the
companies. I have no belief that, such a
