1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLQBE.
265
Laios of the United States.
42d Cons....3d Sess.
class four, nine thousand dollars; eight clerks
of class three, twelve thousand eight hundred
dollars; twelve clerks of class two, sixteen
thousand eight hundred dollars; nine clerks
of class one, ten thousand eight hundred dol-
lars ; four copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each ; one watchman, one laborer, one mes-
senger, and one assistant messenger; in all,
sixty thousand nine hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
For blank books, binding, stationery, fuel,,
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two
city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
Pension Office.
For compensation of Commissioner of Pen-
sions, three thousand dollars; chief clerk, two
thousand dollars; twenty-two clerks of class
four, fifty two clerks of class three, eighty-four
clerks of class two, one hundred and twenty-
six clerks of class one, twenty-five copyists,
at nine hundred dollars each, one messenger,
twelve assistant messengers, six laborers, four
watchmen, one engineer, one thousand four
hundred dollars; one assistant engineer, one
thousand dollars; in all, four hundred and
thirty-eight thousand one hundred and eighty
dollars.
For stationery, engraving, and retouching
plates; for bounty-land warrants, printing and
binding the same, engraving and printing pen-
sion certificates, office furniture, andrepairing
the same, and miscellaneous items, including
two daily newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office; and for
detection and investigation of fraud, seventy-
five thousand dollars.
United States Patent Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
the Patent Office, four thousand five hundred
dollars; for Assistant Commissioner, three
thousand dollars; for chief clerk, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars ; three exaininers-
in-chief, at three thousand dollars each ; ex-
aminer in charge of interferences, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; trade mark ex-
aminer, two thousand five hundred dollars;
twenty-four principal examiners, at two tltou-
sand five hundred dollas each; twenty-four
assistant examiners, at one thousand eight
hundred dollars each; twenty-four second as-
sistant examiners, at one thousand six hun-
dred dollars each, two of whom may be females;
twenty-four third assistant examiners, at one
thousand four hundred dollars each ; one libra-
rian, two thousand dollars ; one machinist, one
thousand six hundred dollars ; seven cjerksof
class four, eight clerks of class three, thirty-one
clerks of class two, and forty-five clerks of class
one; also, forthirty permanent clerks, atone
thousand dollars each; for forty permanent
clerks, at nine hundred dollars each; for three
skilled draughtsmen, at one thousand two hun-
dred dollars each; for thirty-five copyists of
drawings, at one thousand dollars each} for one
messenger and purchasing clerk, one thousand
dollars; for one skilled laborejf, one thousand
two hundred dollars; for eight attendants in,
model-room, at one thousand dollars each ; for
eight attendants in model-room, at nine hun-
dred dollars each; forthirty laborers, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars each-, for six
laborers, at six hundred dollars each; in all,
four hundred and seventy-two thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For contingent and miscellaneous expenses
of the Patent Office, namely: for stationery
for use of office, repair of model eases, station-
ary portfolios for drawings, furniture, repair-
ing, papering, painting, carpets, ice, advertis-
ing, books for library, moneys refunded, print-
ing engraved patent-heads, international ex-
changes, plumbing, gas-fitting, extra labor on
indexes and abstracts for annual reports, fitting
rooms, temporary clerks, laborers, and other
contingencies, one hundred thousand dollars.
For photo-lithographing, or otherwise pro-
ducing copies of drawings of current and-back
issues, for use of the office and for sale, includ-
ing pay of temporary draughtsmen, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For photo-lithographing, or otherwise pro-
ducing plate's for the Official Gazette, includ-
ing pay of employes engaged on the Gazette,
forty thousand dollars.
For photo-lithrographing, or otherwise pro-
ducing copies of the weekly issue of drawings
to be attached to patents and copies, forty
thousand dollars.
Bureau of Education.
For Commissioner of Education, three thou-
sand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand dol-
lars ; one clerk of class four; one statistician,
with the compensation of a clerk of class four;
one clerk of class three; one translator, with
the compensation of a clerk of class three ; one
clerk of class two; four copyists, at nine hun-
dred dollars each ; one messenger, at eight hun-
dred and forty dollars; stationery, onethousand
dollars; library, one thousand dollars; current
educational periodicals, two hundred and fifty
dollars; other current publications,two hundred
and twenty-five dollars; completing valuable
setsofperiodiealsandpublicationsinthelibrary,
two hundred dollars; collecting statistics and
writing and compiling matter for annual and
special reports, and editing and publishing cir-
culars of information, thirteen thousand dol-
lars ; fuel and lights, two hundred and seventy-
five dollars; contingencies, one thousand two
hundred and sixty dollars; in all, thirty-four
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
Surveyors General and their Clerks.
]?or compensation of surveyor general of
Louisiana, two thousand dollars; and for
clerks in his office, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For surveyor general of Florida, two thou-
sand dollars; and for clerks in his oflice, three
thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Minnesota, two
thousand dollars; and for clerks in his office,
eight thousand four hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Dakota, two thousand dollars ; and for clcrks
in his office, six thousand three hundred
dollars.
For surveyor general of Kansas, two thou*
sand dollars; and for clerks in his office, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Colorado, three
thousand dollars;' and for clerks in his office,
six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of New Mexico, three
thousand dollars; and for the clerks in his
office, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of California, three
thousand dollars; and for the clerks in his
office, twen ly-five thousand dollars.
For surveyor general ol Idaho, three thou-
sand dollars; and for clerks in his office, four
thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nevada, three thou-
sand dollars; and for clerks in his office, six
thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Oregon, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars; and for clerks in
his office, five thousand four hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of Washington Terri-
tory, two thousand five hundred dollars ; and
for clerks in his office, seven thousand dollars.
For surveyor general of Nebraska and Iowa,
two thousand dollars; and for clerks in his
office, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For surveyor geiR ''^l of Montana Territory,
three thousand dollar.:: and for clerks in his
office, six thousand dollars. .
For surveyor general of Utah xerritory,
three thousand dollars ; and for clerks in his
office, four thousand seven hundred dollars.
For surveyor general of the Territory of
Wyoming, three thousand dollars; and for
clerks in his office, six thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For surveyor general of Arizona Territory,
three thousand dollars; and for clerks in his
office, four thousand dollars.
For recorder of land titles in Missouri, five
hundred dollars.
POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, eight thousand dollars; three Assistant
Postmasters General, at three thousand five!
hundred dollars each; superintendent ofi
money-order system, three thousand dollars ;j
superintendent of foreign mails, three thou-l
sand dollars; topographer of the Post Office
Department, two thousand five hundred dol-j
lars; chief of division for the office of mail!
depredations, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars ; chief of division of dead letters, two
thousand five hundred dollars; superintendent
of Post Office building and disbursing officer,
two thousand three hundred dollars; chief
clerk to the Postmaster General, two thousand
two hundred dollars ; one chief clerk to each
Assistant Postmaster General,attwo thousand
dollars each ; one chief clerk in money-order
office, two thousand dollars; one chief clerk
in office of superintendent of foreign mails,
two thousand dollars ; superintendent of blank
agency, one thousaud eight hundred dollars ;
assistant superintendent of blank agency, one
thousand six hundred dollars ; four assistants,
at one thousand two hundred dollars each;
fourteen clerks of class four, twenty live thou-
sand two hundred dollars; aixiy-lhree clerks
of class three, one hundred thousand eight
hundred dollars ; fifty clerks of' class two, sev-
enty thousand dollars; sixty-nine clerks of
class one, eighty-two thousand eight hundred
dollars; fifty-seven female clerks, at nine
hundred dollars each ; one messenger of the
Postmaster-General, nine hundred dollars ; one
messenger to each Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, at eight hundred and forty dollars each ;
four assistant messengers, at seven hundred
and twenty dollars each; one captain of the
watch, at one thousand dollars, and nine
watchmen and twenty-five laborers, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars each; one engin-
eer, one thousand six hundred dollars; one
assistant engineer, one thousand dollars ; one
carpenter, one thousand two hundred and
fifty-two dollars ; one assistant carpenter, one
thousand dollars; one fireman and blacksmith,
nine hundred dollars; two firemen, at seven
hundred and twenty dollars each, one thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars ; three
female laborers, at four hundred and eighty
dollars each, one thousand four hundred and
forty dollars ; one stenographer, one thousaud
eight hundred dollars; making in all, four
hundred and twenty-S'X thousand seven hun-
dred and thirty-two dollars. And the annual
compensation of assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers in the Post Office Depait-
ment shall be seven hundred and twenty dol-
lars, and no more; and so much of section
four of the act approved June eighth, eighteeu
hundred and seventy-two, entitled "An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department," as
provides a greater annual compensation for
said assistant messengers, watchmen, and
laborers, is hereby repealed.
For temporary clerks, ten thousand dollars.
Contingent Expenses, Post Office Department.
For stationery, nine thousand dollars ; fuel
for the General Post Office building, including
the Auditor's office, seven thousand four hun-
dred dollars; for gas, four thousand dollars;
plumbing and gas fixtures, three thousand
