266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d
Laws of the United States.
dollars; telegraphing, three thousand dollars ;
painting, one thousand five hundred dollars;
carpets, three thousand dollars; furniture,
three thousand five hundred dollars ; keeping
horses, and repairing carriages, wagons, and
harness, twelve hundred dollars; hardware,
eight hundred dollars; miscellaneous items,
seven thousand five hundred dollars; making
in all, forty-three thousand nine hundred
dollars.
department of agriculture.
For compensation of Commissioner of Agri-
culture, three thousand dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars ; entomologist, two thou-
sand dollars; chemist, two thousand dollars;
assistant chemist, one thousand six hundred
dollars ; superintendent of experimental gar-
dens and grounds, two thousand dollars; sta-
tistician, two thousand • dollars; disbursing
clerk, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
superintendent of seed-room, one thousand
eight hundred dollars; librarian, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars ; botanist, one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; for salary ofmicro-
scopist, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
four clerks of class four, five clerks of class
three, six clerks of class two, seven clerks of
class one ; engineer, one thousand four hundred
dollars ; superintendent of folding-room, one
thousand two hundred dollars ; assistant su-
perintendent of experimental garden and
grounds, one thousand two hundred dollars;
assistant superintendent of the seed-room, one
thousand two. hundred dollars ; three copyists,
at nine hundred dollars each ; two attendants
in museum, at one thousand dollars each;
chief messenger, eight hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; two assistant messengers ; one #arpen-
ter, at nine hundred and sixty dollars; three
watchmeu and nine laborers ; making, in all,
sevenly-five thousand three hundred and ninety
dollars.
For collecting statistics, and compiling and
writing matter for- monthly, annual, and spe-
cial reports, fifteen thousand dollars.
For purchase and distribution of new and
valuable seeds and plants, sixty thousand dol-
lars ; for expense of putting up the same, for
labor, bagging, paper, twine, gum, and other
necessary materials, five thousand dollars.
For labor an experimental garden, and for
flower-pots, repairs to green-house, and pur-
chase of new plants and seeds for the same,
ten thousand dollars.
For stationery, two thousand dollars ; for
freight charges, one thousand eight hundred
dollars ; for fuel, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; for lights, five hundred dollars; for
repairs of building, heating-apparatus, furni-
ture, and water and gas pipes, one thousand
two hundred dollars ; for keep of horses, one
thousand five hundred dollars; for new furni-
ture, one thousaud dollars'; for paper, twine,
and gum for folding-room, three hundred dol-
lars; for cases for the department museum,
one thousand five hundred dollars; for collect-
ing and modeling specimens of fruits and vege-
tables, and collecting and preparing specimens
for the museum and herbarium, two thousand
dollars ; for cases for the library, five hundred
dollars ; for entomological works of reference,
two hundred and fifty dollars; for botanical
works of reference, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars ; for works on chemistry, mineralogy, and
charts, five hundred dollars ; for chemicals and
contingent expenses, seven hundred dollars;
for current agricultural works for the library,
two hundred and fifty dollars ; for miscellane-
ous agricultural periodicals, two hundred and
fifty dollars; for incidental and miscellaneous
items, namely, for advertising, postage, tele-
graphing, dry goods, soap, brushes, brooms,
mats, oils, paints, glass, lumber, hardware,
ce, purchase of old reports, five' thousand
dollars, in all, twenty-one thousand three hun
dred dollars.
judicial.
United Sfdtes Courts.
For .the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States, eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars; and for eight associate justices,
eight thousand dollars each; in all, seventy-
two thousand five hundred, dollars.
For one retired justice of the Supreme Court,
eight thousand dollars. And that the salary,
emoluments, and fees of the clerk of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia
shall not exceed the sum of six thousand dol-
lars per annum, and that the excess of fees
collected by him, above that sum, shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States; and
that said clerk shall make semi-annual returns
of the amount of fees received by him, to the
Secretary of theTreasury of the united States.
For nine circuit judges to reside in circuit,
fifty-four thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the salary of the marshal of the Supreme
Court, three thousand five huudred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges of the
United States, including the salaries of the
retired judges of the eastern district of Texas,
southern district of Ohio, and eastern district
of Michigan, one hundred and ninety-three
thousand dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, and
the four associate judges, twenty thousand live
hundred dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys
of the United States, nineteen thousand three
hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the district marshals
of the United States, eleven thousand seven
hundred dollars.
For salary of the warden of the jail in the
District of Columbia, two thousand dollars.
Court of Claims.
For salaries of* five judges of the Court of
Claims, at four thousand five hundred dollars
each; the chief clerk, three thousand dollars ;
and assistant clerk, two thousand dollars ;
bailiff, one thousand five hundred dollars; and
messenger thereof; in all, twenty-nine thou-
sand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For stationery, books, fuel, labor, and other
contingent and miscellaneous expenses, three
thousand dollars; for reporting the decisions
of the court, clerical hire, labor in preparing
and superintending the printing of the seventh
volume of the reports of the Court of Claims,
to be paid on the order of the court, one thou-
sand dollars.
To pay judgments of the Court of Claims,
four hundred thousand dollars.
department of justice.
Office of the Attorney General:
For compensation of the Attorney General,
eight thousand dollars ; Solicitor-General,
seven thousand five hundred dollars; three
Assistant Attorneys General, at, five thousand
dollars each ; one Assistant Attorney General
of Post Office Department, four thousand dol-
lars ; Solicitor of Internal Revenue, five thou-
sand dollars; naval Solicitor and Judge Ad-
vocate General, three_ thousand five hundred
dollars; examiner of claims, three thousand
five hundred dollars ; law clerk, acting as ex-
aminer of titles, three thousand dollars ; chief
clerk, two thousand two hundred dollars ; ste-
nographic clerk, two thousand dollars; one
clerk, two thousand dollars ; seven 'clerks of
class four; additional for disbursing clerk, two
huudred dollars; two clerks of class three,
one clerk of class two, two clerks of class one,
one messenger, two assistant messengers, two
laborers, and two watchmen ; in all, eighty
thousand six hundred and sixty dollars.
Office of the Solicitor of the Treasury:
For compensation of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, three thousand five hundred dollars;
Assistant Solicitor, three thousand dollars;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars; four clerks
of class four, three clerks of class three, three
clerks of class two, two clerks of class one,
one messenger, and one laborer; in all, twenty-
eight thousand six hundred and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Department
of Justice,' namely : fuel, labor, stationery,
and miscellaneous items, fifteen thousand dol-
lars ; for rent of building, seventeen thousand
dollars ; for furniture and lawbooks, six thou-
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
is directed to withhold all payments to any
railroad company and its assigns, on account -
of freights or transportation, over their respect-
ive roads, of any kind, to the amount of pay-
ments made by the United States for interest
upon bonds of the United States issued to any
such company, and which shall not have been
reimbursed together with the five per cent, of
net earnings d-ue and unapplied as provided by
law; and any such company may bring suit in
the Court of Claims to recover the price of
such freight and transportation ; and in such
suit the right of such company to recover the
same upon the law and the facts of the case
shall be determined and also the rights of the
United States upon the merits of all the points
presented by it in answer thereto by them and
cither party to such suit may appeal to the Su-
preme Court; and both said courts shall give
such cause or causes precedence of all other
business.
Sec. 8. That from and after the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, the
salary of the supervising architect of theTreas-
ury shall be five thousand dollars per annum,
and the salaries of the examiner of claims in
the Department of State, the Solicitor of the
Treasury, the Commissioner of Agriculture,
the Commissioner of Customs, the Auditors of
the Treasury, the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and theAssistaut Postmasters General,
the Superintendent of the Money Order sys-
tem', and the superintendent of foreign mails
of the Post Office Department, shall be four
thousand dollars each per annum: and .the
salaries of the two chiefs of the diplomatic
and of the consular bureausin the Department
of State, and of the chiefs of the Bureaus of
Accoun ts and of Indexes and Archives, shall be
two thousand four hundred dollars each per
annum, and a sufficient sum to carry into effect
the provisions of this section to the end of the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteeuhun-
dred and seventy-four, is hereby appropriated.
Sec. 4. That the Attorney General shall
cause a suit in equity to be instituted in the
name of the United States against the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and against all per-
sons who may, in their own names or through
any agents, have* subscribed for or received
capital stock in.said road, which stock has not
been paid for in full in money, or who may
have received, as dividends or otherwise, por-
tions of the capital stock of said road, or the
proceeds or avails thereof, or other property
of said road, unlawfully and contrary to equity,
or who may have received as profits or pro-
ceeds of contracts for construction, or equip-
ment of said road, or other contracts therewith,
moneys or other property which ought, in
equity, to belong to said railroad corporation,
or who may, under pretense of having com-
plied with the acts to which this is an additiou,
have wrongfully and unlawfully received from
the United States bonds, moneys, or lauds
which ought, in equity, to be accounted for and
paid to said railroad company or to the Uni-
ted States, and to compel payment for said
stock, and the collection and payment of such
