1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
The only difficulty is that, to increase their
compensation as they would desire, would add
so much to the cost of transportation that
probably, the Department would have to go
down under it. Last year, in the enactment
of. the postal code, the Postmaster General, in
his discretion, was authorized to allow an
increase of fifty per cent, upon the cost of
transportation by these postal cars. But he
dogs not wish to exercise that authority. • He
does not wish to subject himself to the impor-
tunity that that law invites, all the time, from
the yailroad companies; and hence he comes
to Congress to fix the scale of prices, and
hence you have this measure coming from the
House of Representatives, and the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations of
the Senate. This proposition only allows an
increase of $500,000 on the whole compensa-
sation for this service, whereas, if the Post-
master General exercised that discretion which
he is allowed to exercise under the law, it
would increase your transportation account a
million and a half; so that this measure is
really in the interest of economy, which the
Senator is so anxious to exercise.
Mr. STEWART. If this, compensation is
put up now it will remain so for all time. It
will be very difficult, indeed, to cut it down.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not necessarily. You are
changing the laws every year.
Mr. STEWART. I want to see the facts
on which it is to be passed. There may be a
call for additional compensation. I do not
intend to say that there is not. But I say that
there are not sufficient facts before the Senate
to justify us in voting an increase of compen-
sation which will amount to a very large sum
in the end. We should have a report of the
particular facts.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator will admit
that this is rather receding from the liberal,
or as he would probably consider it, the
extravagant, legislation favorable to railroad
transportation of previous years. It is going
back. Instead of allowing them, as might be
allowed under the present law, a million and
a half of dollars additional, you allow them
but half a million dollars ; and if you pass
this now you can change it next year, if ex-
perience should dictate the propriety of so
doing.
Mr. STEWART. The Postmaster General
has a discretion under the law, and in exer-
cising a sound discretion, if he found that any
road was not receiving sufficient compensa-
tion, it seems to me he would have remedied
any case of gross injustice under that discre-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. The duties of the Post-
master General are sufficiently large and oner-
ous without subjecting him all the time to the
importunity of railroad companies for an in-
crease of compensation. He wishes to relieve
himself of that importunity; and here is a
proposition to take that discretion from him,
and reduce the possible increase of compen-
sation from a million and a half of dollars to
half a million dollars. My own opinion is
that the Senate ought to accept it.
Mr. STEWART. I shall never vote for it
until I see a report in detail, so that it Can be
understood, showing the justice of it.
Mr. CONKLING. If this measure must be
put as-the Senatorfrom Minnesota seems to put
it, upon the ground that voting to strike this
out is voting against the postal car service, the
question is very different from the question as
I take it to be.
Mr. RAMSEY, What is that?
Mr. CONKLING. I am saying—I answer
the question which I hear my friend put—that
if lie is right in saying that voting to strike
this out is voting to strike down the postal car
service or system, the question is very differ-
ent from what I suppose to be presented by
the motion of the Senator from Ohio. He
moves to strike out the idea of increasing the
compensation paid to railway companies. In
that I think he is right, and therefore I shall
vote to strike it out. If it is true that the
postal car service cannot be continued with-
out this increased appropriation, then I think
the Senator frpm Nevada is well warranted in
saying that he -wants to see from the Postmas-
ter General or some responsible person a
detailed and tabulated statement showing that*
If there is any such thing, I should lik« to
see it.
Mr. RAMSEY. The reports of the Post-
master General for past years have fre-
quently contained long tabulated statements
of the compensation paid to the roads and
what the increase under the law would give
them in addition. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to be in favor of the Senate amendment
in lieu of the House proposition ? I under-
stand that the Senator from Ohio is opposed
to the Senate amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Which amendment does
the Senator refer to ?
Mr. RAMSEY. On page 1.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to the
whole paragraph.
Mr. RAMSEY. To the Senate as well as
the House proposition?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I have moved
to strike out the whole paragraph, all that
relates to an increase of compensation.
Mr. RAMSEY. Leaving the matter to rest
in the discretion of the Postmaster General as
at present?
. Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; leaving it under
the present law, which the Senatorfrom Ver-
mont has before him, and which is ample.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the present law does
not allow the Postmaster General to give any
increase over the present rates.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; he ought
not to allow it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I have
had occasion to examine this matter some-
what lately in regard to the mail between the
city of Providence and New York. The
facilities absolutely necessary for the accomo-
dation of commercial and other correspondence
between those two cities were denied. You
could send a barrel of flour to New York
quicker than you could send a letter. Although
1 was immensely disgusted with the insolence
andarrogance oftherailroad companies, I was
perfectly satisfied that they did not have a fair
compensation for the service they rendered.
I was not attending so closely as I ought to the
debate ; but I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads said
that for this service, which is of the very
highest class of service, they did not receive
the compensation for carrying the mail that
they received for carrying pig iron, molasses,
and sugar.
Mr. RAMSEY. I say that they allege that
that is SO) and they persist in alleging it, and the
Post Office Department has not disputed it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it ia true. I
think they are insufficiently paid for that very
high class of service. I believe that the rail-
roads ought to render that service for the
present rates because, in consideration of the
great franchise which they receive, they ought
to accommodate the public; but unfortunately
the railroads are not under the charge of the
General Government, and we cannot expect
the States to pass laws compelling the rail-
roads to carry the mails for a compensation a
part of which shall be the great franchise that
they receive. In England, Parliament can
regulate the rates of transmission of mail
matter upon the railroads. We cannot do it;
and if we do not pay them a fair compensation
without taking into consideration the franchise
they receive, which they do not derive from
us, but from the States, we shall lose the
mails; they will not carry them; and we can-
not compel them to carry the mails.
I have no excuse whatever for the conduct
of the railroad companies. I think they are
bound in fairness and in equity to carry the
mails for the price which they receive-, because
they ought to consider the great franchise that
they have; but we cannot compel them tft do
it, and if we will not give them this compen-
sation they will not carry the mails, and they
Will be able to say ih justification of their course
that we refused them for mail matter the races
of freight that they receive for the coarsest
kinds of merchandise.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
that they might probably be too wise to refuse
absolutely to carry the mails, but they will
refuse carrying them in the expeditious way
that they now do.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is what I mean.
Mr. RAMSEY. They could annoy the pub-
lic and delay the public for days, because they
have the choice of freights, and this service is
paid for at the rate of the lowest class.
Mr. ANTHONY. In the case to which I
refer it took three days to get a letter from
Providence to Philadelphia and an answer to
it, and we had no remedy whatever.
Mr. STEWART. Whenever the railroad
companies will take that responsibility, I want
to see them do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I have seen them
do it. I have known the New York and New
Haven railroad (which, in my opinion, is the
worst managed for the public convenience of
any railroad in this country) to refuse to take
a postal car, to refuse to switch off a postal
car for half an hour in order to accommodate
a large amount of correspondence, at the re-
quest of the Postmaster General, and when
the Postmaster General sent one of his chief
officers there to consult with the authorities of
the railroad, they refused to see him and would
not receive him. They have the right to do
that; we have no control over them. I wish
we had the power to charter a railroad between
New York and New Haven. We need one
there infinitely more than a railroad ever was
needed through New Jersey. In the worst
days of the railroads through New Jersey they
never were managed so badly as the railroad
from New Haven to New York is now. Now
the railroads to New Jersey are very well
managed, I am happy to say. We have no
complaint to make of them, although they
were bad enough once.
Mr. STEWART. Whenever the railroads
come to the conclusion to exercise their power
to annoy the public by doing this service badly,
or refusing to do it at all, then we shall have
a question for investigation, to see whether
we have any power over the subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. What will the Senator
do about it then ?
Mr. STEWART. I say we will investigate
it, and we will then find out what our power is.
Mr. ANTHONY. We may as well find it
out now, because they have come to that point.
They have said, " We will not carry the mails
in the manner required for the wants of the
community unless we can have this additional
compensation."
Mr. STEWART. If they have said that,
that is an additional reason why this increase
should not be awarded them. Under duress
I would not pay them a cent. The railroad
companies have all the means of rapid trans-
portation, and if they can say "We will not
carry the mails unless we can have so much
for it," they can add to their terms ad libitum ;
they can take all the proceeds of the country;
they can say "We will ask you a dollar apiece
for carrying letters between Washington and
New York," and there is no remedy, because
we cannot afford to build other railroads. If
that is so, they have the Government abso-
lutely in their power so far as the mails are
concerned. If this proposition comes with a
threat that they will not perform the .service,
I say do not let us Vote it, and let us see what
they will do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from Nevada if we have not the power to build
other railroads?
