1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
Mr. PATTERSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that that will have to be done without any
amendment, and if an amendment is made to
the bill it will have to go back to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; in the form in
which the bill now stands it is a permanent ap-
propriation and authorizes the money to be
paid fifty years hence.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no objection to
the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
jamks v boughner.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 634) to confirm the title of James V.
Boughner to certain lands therein described.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The relief
provided for in that bill has been conferred
already by the Land Office. I therefore move
the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to. .
louis grignon. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill 1 [
(S. No. 784) confirming the title of Louis
Grignon to a certain tract of land at Green
Bay, Wisconsin ; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to con- '
firm the claim of Louis Grignon to a certain
tract of land at Green Bay, Wisconsin, situated
in township twenty-four north, of range twenty
east of the fourth principal meridian, lying on
the west bank of Fox river, between the claim j
of Alexis Gardapier, as confirmed and finally
surveyed, and the claim of Louis Grignon, as
surveyed and patented, (the tract having been i
excluded from the final survey of the claim of
Louis Grignon because within the former Fort
Howard military reservation,) and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is author-
ized to cause the tract of land to be surveyed
at the expense of the parties in interest, and
to issue a patent therefor in favor of Louis
Grignon, subject to such legal transfers or
assignments as may have been made by him
or by his heirs or assigns, according to the pro-
visions of the fifth section of the act of Con-
gress approved February 21, 1823, entitled
" An act to revive and continue in force cer-
tain acts for the adjustment of land claims in
the Territory of Michigan; " such survey and
patent to be held as a relinquishment on the
part of the United States, and as in no way'
impairing any valid adverse rights, if such exist.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
custom-house site in new york city.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1125) to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to acquire from the mayor and cor-
poration of the city of New York land on the
Battery for a custom-house and other Govern-
ment buildings.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. COLE. I think that bill had better go
over.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; let us vote
upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the bill had
better go over.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope we shall be
allowed to act upon this bill at this time 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator from Del-
aware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was going to make
the same objection. I think this bill is of too
much importance to be acted upon in this
way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware objects and the bill will
be passed over.
columbia railway company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1157) to amend the charter of the
Columbia Railway Company of the District of
Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. I notice that the Sen-
ator from Alabama, [Mr. Spencer,] who has
this bill in charge, is not in his seat, and it
had better go over temporarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
trustees for colored schools.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1165) authorizing the appointment of
a board of trustees for colored schools, and
for other purposes.
Mr. PATTERSON. That bill had better
be passed over also, as there is another bill
pending in the House of Representatives
which will cover the same ground, and a bet-
ter one than this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
point lookout railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1916) to authorize the Washington
City and Point Lookout Railroad Company to
extend a railroad into and within the District
of Columbia; and the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole, resumed the consideration of
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
has been heretofore under discussion, read,
and amended.
Mr. VICKERS. That bill is reported from
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
I was instructed by that committee to report
an amendment to the bill, whitih I will offer.
It is in section one, line nine, after the word
" branch " to insert:
And a branch from the main stem of said rail-
road to a point at or near the southern terminus of
the eastern boundary line between the District of
Columbia and the State of Maryland.
Mr. SARGENT. I think there is a clerical
error in that amendment. The word " south "
should be inserted before "eastern," so as
to read " southeastern boundary line." The
copy that I have of the bill reads," near the
southern terminus of the southeastern bound-
ary line between the District of Columbia and
the State of Maryland."
Mr. PATTERSON. That is correct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
of course is obliged to put the question on the
amendment as proposed by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I move this as an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. I accept that as a modi-
fication of my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland modifies his amendment
as suggested by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, and the question is on the amendment
as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I move further to amend
the bill at the end of the first section on page
2, by adding the words "and also the said
branch road;" so as to make it correspond
with the amendment just adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I move farther to amend
the bill on page 7, section five, line four, by
striking out " eight " and inserting " five," so
that the charge for tolls and transportation
shall not exceed five cents per ton, so as to
make it conform to the laws of Maryland.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
swamp lands in nevada.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2863) to extend to the State of
Nevada the benefits of an act to enable the
State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim
the swamp lands within their limits."
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported on the 27th of May by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands adversely.
Mr. CARPENTER. That bill ought to lie
over, of course. .
Mr. STEWART. I desire to say to the
Senate that whenever this bill shall be consid-
ered I shall make some remarks upon it, and
I give notice that I shall call it up at an early
J day for the purpose of submitting some remarks
upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to my friend from
Nevada that at that time I should like to have
a little information as to whether the swamp
lands in Nevada are on the mountains or iu
the valleys.
Mr. STEWART. Mostly in the deserts.
The great want in that country is water.
Mr. NYE. I do not care particularly about
having the bill considered now, but I should
like to have it considered and disposed of
before the close of the session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The col-
league of the Senator has objected to its
present consideration.
Mr. NYE. Whenever it will suit my col-
league to enter upon the discussion, I should
like to say a few words upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
american register to ship st. albans.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1170) to grant an American register
to the British ship St. Albans; which was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the British ship St. Albans, for-
merly the Henrietta Marcy, built at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
american registers to foreign vessels.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1171) granting an American register
to the Canadian tug Noah P. Sprague and to
the ship Alhambra ; which was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an American register to the
American-built Canadian tug Noah P. Sprague,
owned by Edward Evans, of North Towanda,
Niagara county, New York, it having recently
been rebuilt in the city of Buffalo, and also to
issue an American register to the British ship
Alhambra, built in Boston, Massachusetts, iu
1859.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
elvira a. maxby.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1173) granting a pension to Elvira A.
Maxey, and in respect to her minor children
under sixteen years of age; which was read the
second time and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. The bill directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Elvira A. Maxey, widow of
Joshua C. Maxey, late sergeant in company
I, forty-eighth regiment Illinois volunteers,
and to pay her a pension from the date of its
passage, for herself and for her minor children
under sixteen years of age.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
