604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT MEMPHIS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. II. No. to provide a building
suited to the use of the custom-house, post
office, the pension and revenue officers, and
(he judicial officers of the United States, in
the city of Memphis. Tennessee.
There being no objection, tbo Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The hill was reported by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds with an amend-
ment. which was to strike out. all of the bill
after the enacting clause and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause plans to be
made ior a tire-proot building, or building with a
tire-proof v<uilt extending through each story, suit-
able for use a.- a eustom-hou«c. bonded warehouse,
and post office, at Memphis. Tennessee, with an esti-
mate ot the cost thereof and of the site, and report
thereon to Congress on the first Monday of Decem-
ber next.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate aa amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrpssed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: "A
bill authorizing and directing the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause plans and estimates to
be made for a public building at Memphis,
Tennessee.'" :
ELIZABETH S. BREWER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2884) for the settlement and pay-
ment of the claim of Elizabeth S. Brewer,
executrix of John Brewer.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to examine the
claim of Elizabeth S. Brewer, executrix of
John Brewer, deceased, for professional ser-
vices in procuring the condemnation of lands
for the Washington aqueduct, and any ex-
penditures madf by him for the same purpose,
and to ascertain the sum justly due for such
services and expenditures, and appropriates a
sufficient sum to pay the amount found due on
the claim, not to exceed $14,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. Fourteen thousand dol-
lars seems to be a large sum for services of
that sort.
Mr. PATTERSON. The allowance is not
to exceed that sum. The whole matter is to
be left to the Secretary of the Interior to
investigate.
Mr. SHERMAN. What was the nature of
the service^ rendered?
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. Brewer was an
attorney for the Government in the condemna-
tion of lands under General Meigs for the
Washington aqueduct, and never received any
pay for his services. This bill simply refers
the claim to the Secretary of the Interior to
examine and pay such amount as shall be
found due.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why did he not receive
some compensation before this time? Is it
shown that he did not?
Mr. PATTERSON. It was during the war.
There was some question about it, I do not
know exactly the nature of it, why he did not
receive his pay. It has been some time since
I looked at the papers in the case. They were
all before the 'committee, and were satisfac-
tory to the committee at the time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless the committee
are very clear upon the fact of his never having
received any compensation I think the bill had
better go over.
Mr. PATTERSON. We are very clear
upon that point. He never received any com-
pensation tor his, services.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like to object
to a report from a committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to ask
the chairman of the committee something
about this claim for $14,000.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is not to exceed the
sum of $14,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to know some-
thing about it.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill?
Mr. PATTERSON. No; it is a House
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to have
a written report before we authorize the pay-
ment of $14,000 on a claim so old as this,
unless the Senator from New Hampshire can
state the facts more clearly to the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. All the facts about it
I have given so far as they are in my mind at
this time. This is a House bill which came
to the Senate and was referred to our commit-
tee. Parties appeared before the committee
stating that Mr. Brewer was the attorney of the
Government under General Meigs, and that
his professional services were rendered in con-
demning lands taken by the aqueduct.
Mr. CARPENTER. How much land was
there?
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not know, but I
do know he never received any pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to the
present consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio objects, and the bill will go
over.
LOOMIS AERIAL TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 772) to incorporate the Loomis
Aerial Telegraph Company.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, that bill
is reported upon, I believe, adversely, but I
saw the Senator (not now in his seat,) who had
charge of the report, who says that he has no
objection to its passage. It is simply to incor-
porate a company for an invention of tele-
graphing. There is a man in this city who
thinks he has invented, and some other people
think he has invented, a new system of tele-
graphing which will be much cheaper—I do
not know that anything can be more expedi-
tious—than the existing system, and he sim-
ply asks for an act of incorporation. I think
we had better give it to him.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What is the
scope of it? Is it a charter for the District
of Columbia or for the United States ?
Mr. ANTHONY. A charter for a company.
It is a company to be incorporated, I suppose,
to sell the patent-right. It is for telegraphing
without the intervention of wires, telegraph-
ing without any material communication be-
tween the points. I have listened to the in-
ventor's story. I do not wish to repeat it, for
I do not think there will be time to do so be-
fore we shall adjourn for to day. I think the
scheme is as absurd as anything I ever heard
except the invention of Morse. The existing
telegraphic invention was, everybody agreed,
the most absurd thing that could be conceived.
We know what that invention is now, and I
am in favor of giving this poor fellow a chance
and see if he can do something. I hope the
bill will pass.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does he live
here ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes ; he is a citizen of
this District.
Mr. SCOTT. The bill has passed the
House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the first sec-
tion of that bill may be reported again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first sec-
tion will be read again.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Beit enacted, &c„ Thatilahlon Loomis, Alexander
Elliott, jr., and William N. Chamberlain, of Wash-
ington city, District of Columbia; P. R. Ammidon,
of Boston, Massachusetts, and Isaiah Lukens, of
Dolaware, and their associates and successors, are
hereby incorporated and made a body-politic and
corporate by the name of the Loomis Aerial Tele-
graph Company, and by that name may sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded, in any court of law
or equity of competent jurisdiction, and may have
and use a common seal, and be entitled to use and
exercise all the powers, rights, and privileges inci-
dent to such corporation ; Provided, That tho cor-
porate powers created by this act shall not he ex-
ercised by said company within any State except
by the consent of the Legislature of such State, and
under such rules and regulations as such State may
prescribe.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe that is the only
section that gives any corporate power, and I
suggest to my friend from Rhode Island
whether it really confers any corporate powers
at all.
Mr. CONKLING. It authorizes them to
telegraph and be telegraphed to, does it not?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not Know what cor-
porate powers are granted by that bill. I wish
the Senator from Rhode Island to understand
that I am not going to object to the considera-
tion of this bill, because I was understood at
the last session to oppose its consideration for
which I got blown up by the Senator and
also by the promoter of the bill, [laughter.]
And 1 do not intend to be blown up again.
Now I want to perfect this measure as well as
I can, which, I am assured by the promoter of
it, the discoverer of some new mode of tele-
graphing, will enable him to telegraph all
around the world without any wires at all,
with not the slightest necessity for a cable or
anything of that kind. I have not the least
objection to his doing it; and if so great a feat
as that can be performed, and we have the
power to grant an act of incorporation for that
purpose, let us see that he has the necessary
corporate powers. I am very much inclined
to think that the bill does not give him any
corporate power whatsoever except to sue
and be sued.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, does it
not give corporate powers in this District?
Mr. THURMAN. Corporate powers to do
what ?
Mr. ANTHONY. To sue and to be sued.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, it does that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, give him that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Now I hope my friend
is not going to make a jest of genius and un-
dertake to ridicule discovery. I am going to
be very careful about it, because I have been
charge^, by my friends here with being opposed
to education and I do not know how many
things in the last two days. I am going, there-
fore, for all measures that appertain to edu-
cation and science, no matter what they are ;
I am going for this bill ; but I want to make
the bill perfect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not mean to make
a jest of it, although I believe as in the case
of nine tenths, or ninety-nine hundredths
perhaps of all great discoveries the chances
are very much against its sucoess. I believe
it was Pope—if 1 am not right the Senator in
the Chair can correct me—who said :
"Great wit to madness nearly is allied."
I think there is as reasonable a chance of
something coming out of this as there is in
the case of most inventions. If this bill does
not give him the corporate powers that the
corporation ought to have, if the Senator
from Ohio will indicate an amendment, I
shall be very glad as a friend of the pro-
moter of the enterprise to accept it.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator does not
understand the point. If Congress were to
pass an act or any legislature were to pass an
act declaring A B, C D, and E F, to be a
body-politic and corporate, and were to con-
fer upon them no corporate power except
that to sue and be sued, they would have no
other power, because an artificial body like a
corporation has only such powers as are con-
