im
THE OOJSTGBBSSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. CONKLING. We ha,ve. more power
than money to do that. [Laughter.]
Mr, STEWART. When the railroad com-
panies undertake to say, " We will not carry
thg mail in ap expeditious manner for a rear
sonable compensation, but will have jtistsuch
eopapensation as we demand," when they die-,
tatethe entire terms, or say they wijl not earry
the mail at all—when we are placed in that
situation,.then I say we shallhave to consider
the question what we will ,do. I think we,
will, then find pat that we can do something.
Mr. ANTHONY." Isay they have come to
that determination, and they say so in the let-
ter which has just been read, but not quite as
the "Senator says it.
Sir. STEWART. Then we have got to vote
for this appropriation under dictation. I
would not vote a cent under dictation.
Mr. ANTHO.NT. I will not say that the
railroad companies refuse to carry the mail for
a fair compensatiou, for while X appreciate very
highly the insolence and arrogance of these
great corporations, I must say that in my
judgment they have a right to a higher com-
pensation than we now pay them. Therefore
X cannot say that they refuse to carry the mail
for a reasonajije rate, for certainly itis reason-
able that a railroad company should have, for
carrying mail matter something more than
they receive for carrying iron and sugar and
molasses. They do not receive any more
now.
Mr. WINDOM. I rather like the turn this
discussion has taken, for I believe the time is,
coming when we shall have to settle this broad
question that the Senator from Nevada seems
to invite. 1 hope it will come; and if we are
to challenge it upon this Post Office bill, and
that is to be the test question in voting upon
this amendment, I am rather inclined to vote
with my friend from Nevada. I think we have
the power to compel the railroads to* carry the
mails at" reasonable "rates.
Mr. STEWART. So do I.
Mr. WINDOM. And I am not at all cer-
tain that we have.not power to go further than
that. X believe we shall find out hereafter that
that jjower must be obtained by an amend-
ment t,o the Constitution, or that we must find
it in the Constitution as it is.
Enough on that point, however. There is
no such issue here unless the Senate choose to,
make it, and if by voting down this proposi-'
tion they decide to do it, because we have the
power to control railroads in these matters, I
am rather'disposed to vote with them.
But, sir, the question is presented by the
committee "in this amendment whether the
companies^ are receiving fair and adequate
compensation for carrying the mail. 1 know,
as a member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, that that committee came with a great,
deal of reluctance to the recommendation
which they have made here. They were un-
willing to make any increase of this compen-
sation, especially in view of the fact that we
have repealed the franking privilege, when
the amount of mail will be very materially
decreased ; but, from the showing made by
these companies, and from the statements
made to them that the postal ear service
would be discontinued, the committee came
to the conclusion to consider and ascertain
whether the Companies had received full com-
pensation for this service. If I understand
the statements made by the companies and
presented in the papers which have been read
to the Senate, they have for the last eight years
run the postal cars without receiving any com-
pensation whatever for that service. In 1850
the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore
Railroad' Company received $38,250, or'f38 25
per mile, and since that time it has been
reduced to $37,500 for the hundred miles, so
that they receive' a less compensation to-day
for carrying the mail than they did tweuty-two
years ago.
I do not understand that these companies
propose to throw out the mail. They intend
to carry the mail; but, as X read their state-
ments presented to the Senate and to the
Postmaster General, they propose to carry it
as they carried it when the compensation was
originally fixed, in the ordinary baggage cars:
ia which it was formerly.carried. I know of
no obligation that they are under to put on
postal cars unless they are paid for it.
They receive by this bill as reported by the
Committee on Appropriation's, not the full
compensation that they get for carrying
freights for the public generally, but only
about one third of the ordinary compensation
for running a ear. I know the companies de-
manded that the committee should report the
full compensation j that they should receive thie
same for carrying a postal car that they receive
for carrying a freight car ; but the committee
report only about one third of that amount.
Let me call, the attention of the Senate again
to the statement made by the president of
the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore
Railroad Company. ,
" Measuring the postal cars and apartments by
a freight ear for a standard, we carried, in 1872,
292,299 cars' one mile for the Post Office I epart-
ment. For that service we received $37,500, which
covered car service, lighting, warming, transporta-
tion of clerks, and delivery of way mails at all
post offices within one tourth of one mile of a rail-
road station. That sum, then, paid us less than
thirteen cents per ear per mile (freight ear measure-
ment of thirty feet by nine feet) for mail service on
express passenger trains. The public pay us the
following rates for freight on slow freight trains,
namely, pig, iron, bricks, &c., on platform ears,
twenty cents per car per mile, or fifty per cent,
higher rate than the mail cars yield."
That is from the very lowest kind of freight,
pig iron.
"Second-class freight, forty cents per car per
mile, and first-class freight and express freight
over'fifty cents per car pet mile."
So that the Senate will see that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have recommended
less than one third the amount per car per
mile for this service that is paid by the express
companies for running on the same trains cars
less expensive.
Mr. STEWART. Is the Senator aware of
the fact that a loaded car is much more ex-
pensive to haul than a light car?
Mr. WINDOM. I have heard that stated
in this discussion. I am not able to state pos-
itively what the facts are; but, of course,
I know, to answer the Senator's question
directly, that it is easier to carry an empty car
than a loaded one ; but as to the freight carried
on these ears I am not able to state. I have
a recollection that the president of the. Phil-
adelphia, Wilmington, and "Baltimore "road
stated in the discussion before the committee
that these cars were filled, were well loaded; I
do not know to What extent.
Mr. COLE. He stated that they carried
full loads, and sometimes even a greater load,
a greater number of tons than is usually put
on a freight car, in some capes, as he alleged,
to the danger of passenger cars upon the same
train'; that is, that the overloading of the mail
car rendered the danger of the breakage of the
wheels greater than would be the case if the
cars were merely loaded with freight.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senate will bear in
mind another fact, that the postal cars are
vastly more expensive than the freight cars.
They cost from four to five thousand dollars
each, whereas the freight cars cost only seven
or eight hundred dollars each. I am not will-
ing that this question shali be decided on the
impression that we have recommeded equal
pay for this service with that which the public
pay. I desire to reimpress the fact upon the
Senate that this amendment only recommends
the payment of about thirty-three per cent, of
the amount that the public pay to these com-
panies for the same service, and the question
is simply submitted to the Senate whether they
are willing to take the risk of having these
cars withdrawn. _ My friend from Nevada is.
t If the Senate is willing to take that risk, with a
view of testing the power of Congress over
corporations and over the transportation ques-
tion, I have no sort of objection to this propo-
sition being -voted down; but I apprehend
when we come to test that question we shall
find some gentlemen with constitutional scru-
ples, who will not vote s© readily as the Sena-
tor from Nevada and myself on that subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What, then,
Mr. President, is the poor predicament of the
Congress of the United States? It is that we
must pay whatever sum may be demanded by
the railroads for service in carrying the mails.
If they shall see fit to ask five times the pres-
ent amount of rates, we are such a set of im-
beciles that we must consent.
This is an old combat. For more than
twenty-five years the Postmaster General has
been in a constant fret and turmoil with the
railroad companies as to the amount of com-
pensation they receive. Every little while the
railroads come up as a certain parent did with
his small boy who had a favorite puppy : " If
you do not do so and so," the parent would
say, " I will kill your puppy." [Laughter.]
Now the railroad companies come here every
little while and say, " If you do not pay the
price that we demand we will stop carry-
ing your mails; we will kill your puppy."
I am quite fatigued and tired of hearing any
such talk as this.
I am perfectly willing to pay a fair compen-
sation to these companies; and it is known to
all that while we really have increased accom-
modations for carrying the mails, yet they are
greatly more expensive than they used to be
when they were carried in a six-horse coach.
If need be, we can go back to the old system.
This is not a matter that is exclusively for our
benefit. It is for the benefit of the railroads
that they shall carry the mail and have their
regular places and points of stoppage and
departure. >
Mr. President, we have under the- existing
law authority given to the Postmaster General
on first-class roads to pay $300 per mile for
carrying the mails; on seeond class roads
$100; and on third class roads fifty dollars;
and in addition to that we have a section that
provides that the Postmaster General may pay
twenty-five per cent in addition where the
mail is carried in any part by night; and in
addition to all that we have another and inde-
pendent section that empowers the Postmaster
General to add fifty per cent, to the price of
carrying the mails upon railroads.
Mt. COLE. Twenty five.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Fifty per
cent. By section two hundred and sixty-five
of the postal code it ia provided—
" That the PostmasterQefceral may enter into con-
tracts for carrying the wail with railroad companies
without advertising for bids therefor, and the Post-
master General may allow any railroad company
with whom he may contract for the carrying of the
United States mail, and who furnish railway post
office cars for the transportation of the mail, such
additional compensation beyond that now allowed
by law as he may think lit, not exceeding fifty per
cent, of the said rates."
Mr. COLE, Will the Senator yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is entirely cor-
rect about that $ but the Postmaster General
has never exercised that discretion. He has
been acting under the old law, and awarding
in some cases twenty-five per cent, in addition ;
but he has never used the discretion above
that for the reason that the appropriations have
never warranted any discretion of the kind, 1
presume.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I under
stand the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to say that he hag gone to half
the extent of this limitation.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, the Senator from California is
in error, o_r I am, in making the statemi-nr.
that the Postmaster General has exercised
this discretion even to the amount of twenty-
