606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PALMER, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
34lJ8) making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874 ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, made a
special order for Tuesday next after the morn-
ing hour, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I reserve all points of
order on the bill.
Mr. PALMER. I ask that the accompany-
ing papers be printed with the bill.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 2989) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with certain Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes, which
has been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, be taken from the Speaker's table,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and printed.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that embrace the
printing of the amendments ?
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
printed and numbered.
The motion was agreed to.
SY8TEM OF BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary a bill (H. R. No. 3496)
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1867.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information; after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever a corporation created by the laws of any
State, whose business is carried on wholly
within the State creating the same, (except
insurance companies, which may insure out
of the State creating them, and shall be sub-
ject to the provisions of this amendment,)
Bhall have had proceedings commenced against
such corporation before the courts of such
States, for the purpose of winding up the
affairs of such corporation and dividing its
assets among those entitled thereto, none of
the provisions of an act entitled "An act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved
March 2, 1867, to which this is an amend-
ment, shall apply to any such corporation
while such proceedings are pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I reserve the right
to object until we receive some explanation
of the bill. And I wish to say this much,
that it may be replied to and explained. A
great many people in my own State are very
much interested in the affairs of insurance
companies other than those created in the
State; foreign insurance companies and those
of other States. Now, I desire to know what
effect this bill is to have on the rights of
parties in Chicago who may have commenced
proceedings against insurance companies in the
United States courts in bankruptcy. If this
bill shall pass, is it going to oust the United
States courts of jurisdiction and send the
proceedings to the State of Massachusetts, or
whatever other State the insurance company
belongs to?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am very
glad to have an opportunity of explaining this
bill. It stands upon this ground, that, where
the State courts have taken prior jurisdiction
in the case of insurance and other purely State
corporations, to wind up their affairs, that judi-
cial proceeding shall go on in due course, and
the provisions of the bankruptcy act shall not
apply to such companies while those proceed-
ings are pending. If the United State courts
have first jurisdiction of these companies, then
that is their affair, and they may continue to
hold it.
I desire to state to the House exactly the
condition of matters to which this bill applies
and makes the necessity of its immediate pass-
age. It is this: there are, in consequence of
the fire in Boston, $55,000,000 of dividends
to be paid to the policy-holders, under the
State laws, and all our insurance companies
are being wound up by our courts. In that
condition of things, there are some men who
desire to force compromise, to the detriment
of the policy-holders who have suffered these
terrible losses, by insisting on driving these
insurance companies into bankruptcy unless
their demands are yielded to and unjust prefer-
ences are given them. Thereupon, by threats
of the bankrupt court, they embarrass the
whole proceeding, and will stop the division of
$55,000,000 among those to whom it belongs.
We have made most ample provisions by which
everybody's rights are protected. Our courts
have done everything they can do to for-
ward the winding up of these insurance com-
panies and to divide their assets among the
policy-holders, and one dollar now to the
sufferers is worth more than two dollars will
be a year hence. I have, therefore, ventured
to trespass on the attention of the House for
the third time, to ask it to pass this bill to
remedy these wrongs which is reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, agreed to by
that committee with but one dissenting voice,
and the gentleman who dissented did so only
on the ground that he wanted the whole bank-
rupt law repealed.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I have no objection
to the bill if it does not oust the United States
courts from jurisdiction, where they have first
obtained it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, it
does not touch that jurisdiction at all where
the bankrupt court has first obtained it.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It was then ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. SARGENT, by unan-
imous consent, the Committee on Appropri-
ations were discharged from the further con-
sideration of a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior relative to an appropriation to
pay certain Indian depredation claims now
pending before Congress; and the same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent to
report back, for consideration at this time,
from the Committee on Education and Labor,
the bill (S. No. 964) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend the fifth section of an act
entitled 'An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanical arts,' approved July 2, 1862,
so as to extend the time within which the pro-
visions of said act shall be accepted and such
colleges established," approved July 23, 1866.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. PERCE. I hope the gentleman will
not object to the passage of this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not desire to defeat
the gentleman's bill, but its consideration will
take up some time. I will, however, withdraw
my call for the regular order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the consider-
ation of the bill.
PACIFIC RAILROAD INVESTIGATION.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee to investi-
gate the affairs of the Pacific railroads, 4c., of which
Hon. Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, is chairman, are
hereby instructed to inquire and report the facts to
this House whether any and what sum or sums of
money have been paid by either the Union Pacific
Railroad Company or the Credit Mobilier of Amer-
ica to any member or members of the House of Rep-
resentatives as attorneys, counsel, or retaining lees ;
and if so, what member or members have been so
feed, and the character of the services rendered for
such fees, and the circumstances which character-
ized such payments or retainers; and that said com-
mittee also inquire and report as aforesaid whether
any and what sums of money have been paid by
either of said corporations to influence the election
of any members of either House of Congress, or
whether any member of this House has procured
from either of said corporations, or attempted to
procure from either of them, or from any officer or
agent of either of them, any sum of money to influ-
ence any election as aforesaid.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT AT SAYBROOK BAR.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House the report of the engineer,
with accompanying papers, relative to the improve-
ment at Saybrook bar at the mouth of the Connecti-
cut river.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not that information
embraced in the report of the Secretary of
War?
Mr. KELLOGG. It is not. I was informed
at the War Department that in order to ob-
tain this report, which was a special report, a
resolution of the House was necessary.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to the
resolution.
No objection being made, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
SEIZURE OF BOOKS OR PAPERS.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and is hereby, directed to inform this House
whether any Treasury agent, detective, or other
official has seized or claimed to seize the books or
papers of any citizen of the United States except
by virtue of warrant issued according to law by the
judge of some United States court having jurisdic-
tion of such case and duly served by some properly
authorized person.
IMPROVEMENT OF RIVEKS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back the following; and moved
that the committee be discharged from their
further consideration, and that the same be
referred to the Commitee on Commerce:
A letter from the Secretary of War, relative
to the improvement of the upper Monongahela
river near Morgantown, West Virginia; and
A petition of manufacturers and merchants
of Frankford, Bridesburg, Whitehall, and Ara-
mingo, in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, asking for the improvement of Frank-
ford creek, situated at and bounding the
northern limits of the port of Philadelphia.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN DAKOTA.
Mr. COBURN,by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 3499) accompanied by a re-
port in writing to authorize the Secretary of
War to ascertain the amount of expenses in-
curred by the territorial authorities of Dakota
for arms, equipments, military stores, sup-
plies, and all other expenses of the volun-
teer force of the Indian war of 1862; which
was read a first and second time, with the
accompanying report ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
