1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. WINDOM. I will say at that point, if
the Senator will allow me, that Senators who
are anxious to show their courage in this
direction can do it by voting for the commit-
tee's proposition, because this threat that is
spoken of is made not to induce us to pass
the committee's recommendation or because
we have not in the committee gone to the
extent th'ey demand. We have allowed them
what we deemed was reasonable, but they still
propose that they will not keep these cars on
unless we pay them their own demands. There
is ample territory in which my friend from
Nevada can demonstrate his courage by voting
for our proposition paying them a reasonable
price, and then see whether they will withdraw
the cars.
Mr. SAWYER. One word more. I wish
to say, inasmuch as the gentleman who repre-
sents the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Bal-
timore Railroad Company before the commit-
tee has been alluded to, that he said that he
did not think any railroad company would
take off the mail, that he did not believe any
railroad company would cease to carry the
mail, but simply that they would cease to
carry it in postal cars, which have proved of
such great service to the public. But if it is
desirable to go into a discussion of the expe-
diency of abandoning the postal car, the dis-
cussion will take quite a large range, and at
that point I would like to be heard upon it.
Mr. CORBETT. I have long been con-
vinced that some action of Congress would
have to be taken on this question. Commerce
and the postal service to a great extent are
allied, and the question will have to be determ-
ined whether Congress has a right to regu-
late commerce between the States under that-
clause of the Constitution; and the demands of
the postal service'in connection with the com-
mercial power will, I think, have to be determ-
ined by Congress before long.
Let me call attention to what has occurred
in my own State, where Congress had given
subsidies of land to railroads. We have paid
for coach service to the extent of about $300
per mile per annum where those railroads had
been constructed forperhapstwo hundred miles,
and where those companies absolutely refused
to take the mails at the price allowed by Con-
gress. Then the contractors who had agreed
to carry the mail by stage-coaches were obliged
to pay the railroads $300 per mile, or within a
triffe of that sum, or else to put on a coach
line in opposition to the railroad. It is very
well known that no stage company without
carriage of passengers could continue to carry
the mails for the Government in competition
with a railroad ; and therefore the railroads
have them in their power. They refuse for
instance to do the service for fifty dollars a
mile or $100 a mile for the stage company,
or at any sum less than what they get for
the service by stage-coaches. Where we have
granted to railroad companies large grants of
land, there is no provision in the charters by
which they are compelled to carry the mails
at the price allowed and fixed by Congress.
It does seem to me that on all railroads where
subsidies of land have been given the charters
should be amended in such manner as to com-
pel the railroads to take the mails at the price
fixed by Congress.
That is one point it seems to me that de-
volves. on Congress and one position for them
to take. Of course this proposition now em-
braces a very large extent of country and the
putting on of postal cars on every road
throughout the country.
Mr. WEST. Oh, no.
Mr. CORBETT. That is the way I under-
stand it. I do not understand that it is con-
fined to any particular road ; but it provides
for putting on postal cars, and that they may
be put upon any railroad where the mails are
transported daily; and there is no railroad in
the country, as I understand, that does not
transport the mails daily.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken in that. There is no proposition in
this bill, and no power in this bill, to put
postal railway cars anywhere except where
the Postmaster General thinks they are neces-
sary. And more than that, the rates which
are prescribed in this bill are rates for dif-
ferent kinds of cars, different lengths of cars,
and the Postmaster General has the right to
prescribe what length they shall be. They
cannot put on a sixty-feet car, for instance,
and demand for it the compensation due when
the Postmaster General thinks a thirty-feet
car just as good.
Mr. CORBETT. I notice that there is a
difference in the length of cars, and in the
price to be allowed for those different classes
of cars, but we know very well that the people
of every section of the country where there is a
railroad will demand that daily postal cars shall
be put upon the road. Therefore it will seem
necessary to the Postmaster General to put
postal cars upon every road in the' country
where there is a daily mail; at least, there will
be such a pressure made upon him that he will
be compelled to do it. Therefore, the in-
creased cost to the Government will be very
great over all the railroads in the country for
that reason, from the fact that it will increase
the service and the cost of the service so much.
I am opposed to this provision. It seems
to me that these railroads owe something to
the commerce of the country, and should do
this service at a reasonable rate. We know
that certain lines of transportation, particu-
larly in regions where there is no provision
for the carriage of the mails, do the service
for nothing for the accommodation of the mer-
chants in order to increase their own business.
We know that the greater the facilities for
postal service, the greater the number of mails
over these roads, the greater amount of mer-
chandise is transported over them. For that
reason I think Congress ought to fix a mini-
mum, a fair price, which should be allowed for
this service, and the companies should be
compelled to transport the mails for the price
allowed. Otherwise every railroad company
will demand an increased allowance. Every
one of them wants an increase, and if you com-
mence the increase, at every Congress you will
have applications for continued increase. If
you give way to the railroads now and increase
the compensation, at the next Congress they
will make another application.
It is said that this proposition does not
make anything near the allowance that they
demand. Now, these roads are postal roads.
You say that by act of Congress; and I do
not think that these roads can stop the mails
of the Government. You have a right to put
the mails on any one of their cars and put a
man in charge of them; they are obliged to
allow the mails to go through upon those ears
at the price fixed by Congress. As they are
made, as I said before, post roads, I thmk it
is a crime, by law, for any one to obstruct the
carriage of the mail over postal roads. I am
opposed to this provision of the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. It ia very important, I
think, that we complete this bill to-night; and
as it probably will take one or two hours
longer to do it, and as I fear the Senate will
not be disposed to stay for that purpose, I
move that the Senate now take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I implore my friend from
Minnesota to withdraw that motion. It is
much better that whatever we are to do to-day
we should do while we are here, and get our
dinners afterward, than it is to undertake to
come back. Let us keep right on.
Mr. WINDOM. If we can have an under-
standing that we will remain here and com-
plete this bill, I shall be very glad to withdraw
the motion.
Mr. EDMONDS. I will stay.
M'';, J think we eatl get through
with this bill before we adjourn by extending
the time of the afternoon session. I think we
had better go on and close it up to-night.
Mr. WIN DOM. Can we not have an agree-
ment to remain in session until seven o'clock?
Mr. COLE. I say that in view of the fact that
this is Friday night, near the end of the week,
and that the Army appropriation bill ought to
be considered and disposed of to-morrow.
We know that there are certain privileged
questions coming up next week which will
necessarily consume a good deal of time; and
we have also to dispose of the deficiency bill,
which cannot be dispensed with, and the sun-
dry oivil bill, and also the bill in relation to
theimprovements of rivers and harbors. These
bills must necessarily take considerable time,
and I hope we shall sit this bill out to-night,
even though it should run quite beyond the
ordinary time of setting.
Mr. WINDOM. If that can be the under-
standing I will withdraw the motion for a
r6C6SS 
Mr. CONKLING. What is the under-
standing?
Several Senators. That we are to sit this
bill out to-day.
Mr. CONKLING. I cannot be a party to
that.
Mr. WINDOM. Can we not have an under-
standing that we shall remain until seven
o'clock ?
Mr. CONKLING. I object to any under-
standing that we are going to sit this bill out.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I renew my motion
that the Senate take a recess until half-past
seven o'clock.
Mr. BOREMAN. Can that motion be
made without laying the bill on the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
made under the new rule. The Senator
from Minnesota obtained the floor and made
the motion.
Mr. PRATT. Can I make a motion before
this vote is taken ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No other
motion is in order pending a motion for a
recess. The question is on the motion that
the Senate take a recess.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to make a formal
motion.
Mr. COLE. Let us go on with the bill. I
hope we may dispense with much further dis-
cussion on this question. I believe it is pretty
well understood, and let me remark right here
that the whole question involved is as to
whether the postal cars shall be continued or
m some cases dispensed with. All I have to
say is that we cannot compel the railroad
companies to replace their present post office
cars, which are in some eases nearly, or per-
haps quite, worn out, with new ones unless
there is some provision of this kind made.
Let me add further that the Committee on
Appropriations have not complied with anv
request of the railraad companies, as remarked
uy the Senator from Minnesota a moment ago.
The_ threat that is made by the railroad com-
panies applies to the proposition as reported
by the House; but if the proposition of the
benate committee, which modifies that of the
House '■? some slight particulars, is adhered
oelieve that we shall have that service,
and that the country will be satisfied with it.
message from the house,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk,, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following House bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act
entitled An act to provide for holding a cir-
cuit court of the United States in the west-
tr'ct Missouri," approved June 8,
1872; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3253) to enforce the stip-
ulations of the convention with Venezuela of
claims25' 1866' the payment of adjndiciu<-d
