1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
rote by which the bill and report were recom-
mitted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL OOLLBGCS.
Mr. PERCE. Objection having been with-
drawn, I how ask leave to report back from
the Committee on Education and Labor, for
consideration at this time, Senate bill No.
964, to ameud an act entitled "An act to amend
the fifth section of an act entitled 'An act
donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for
the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts,' approved July 2, 1862, so as to extend
the time within which the provisions of said
act shall be accepted and such colleges estab-
lished," approved July 23, 1866.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman the
original bill ? This is a printed copy.
Mr. PERCE. It is in the committee- rooms.
The SPEAKER. It is "not quite rulable to
pass a Senate bill upon a printed copy.
Mr. PERCE. I will withdraw this for the
present, and ask to report it at some other time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will endeavor
to preserve all the rights of the gentleman.
Iu all cases where a Senate bill is under con-
sideration the original should be at the Clerk's
desk.
LBOISLATIVB, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now resume the
consideration of House bill No. 2991, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes, which had been reported with sun-
dry amendments from the Committee of the
Whole. When the House adjourned last
evening the Chair was asking gentlemen to
indicate the amendments upon which they
desired to have separate votes taken.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask a separate vote
upon the amendment providing that contest-
ants in election cases shall not be paid by the
Honse after this Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask a separate
vote on the amendment striking out "a watch-
man, $860," for the Assistant Treasurer's
office in Boston. It was thought to be a repe-
tition, but afterward found to be necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. As there are not many
amendments, and it has been some time since
the most of them were acted upon, I think it
would be well to vote upon them all separately.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
make that suggestion. The Clerk will read
the amendments, and if no separate vote is
called for they will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. Last night I asked for a
separate vote on certain amendments. I did
so because I was opposed to the policy of
increasing salaries. But the salaries of other
officersof much less merit have been increased,
and I will withdraw the call for a separate
vote so far as the others are concerned.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amend-
ments.
The first amendment upon which a separate
vote was called was to insert the following :
Provided, That after the expiration of the Forty-
Seeond Congress no payment shall be made by the
House of Representatives, oat of the contingent
fund or otherwise, to either party to a contested-
election case for expenses incurred in prosecuting
or defending the same.
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the amendment; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 79, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted,
tellers will be ordered.
Mr. AMBLER. I call for the yeas and nays.
We may as well have them first as last.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 62, not voting
66; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck,
Bell, Biggs, Austin Blair, Buckley, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Caldwell, Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher. Crossland, Dawes, Donnan, Dox,
Duell, Eames. Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Griffith, Hale, Hambleton, Hanks,Havens,
John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry
W. Haielton, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hoar,
Holman, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, Lowe, Lynch, Maclntyre, McClelland,
McCrary, McGrew. MeJuukin, Merriam, Merrick,
Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Perry, Pe-
ters, Piatt, Porter, Rainey, Randall, Edward Y.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis fi. Roberts, W. R. Roberts,
Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton,
Stowell, Swann, Washington Townsend, Twichell,
Upson, Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M.Wilson, and John T. Wilson—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, James B. Beck, Bingham,
Bird. James G. Blair, Braxton, Burdett, Benjamin
F.Butler. Roderick R.Butler, CarrolK Cobb, Coburn,
Conner, DuBose, Duke, Dnnnell, Eldredge, Ely,
Esty, Forker, Garrett, Gotz, Giddings, Golladay,
Hancock, Handley, Harper, George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Herndon, Hooper, Houghton, Kerr,
King, Lamison, Lamport, Leaoh, Lewis, Manson,
Maynard, McCormick, Morey, Leonard Myers, Nib-
laok, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Potter, Price,
Read, Sherwood, Slater, Stevenson, Sutherland.
Terry, Turner, Tuthill, van Tramp, Waddell, Wal-
lace, Warren, and Whiteley—62.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Averill, Banks. Barry,
Bigby, Boarman, Boles, Bright, Brooks, Bunnell,
Campbell, Clarke, Coghlan, Creely, Crocker, Dar-
rall, Davis, De Large, Dickey, Dodds. Elliott. Far-
well, Goodrich, Haldeman, Halsey, Harmer, Hays,
Hereford. Hill, Kinsella, Lansing, Marshall, Mc-
Henry, McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Morphis, Negley, Poland, Prin-
dle, John M. Rice, Roosevelt. Rusk, Scofield, See-
ley, Sheldon, Shober. Sloss, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, St. John, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Tyner, Voorhees, Walls, Wells,
Wheeler, Williams of New York. Winchester,
Wood, and Young—66.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was asked was to strike out in the appro-
priations for the office of Assistant Treasurer
at Boston the words " watchman, $860."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Those words
were stricken out inadvertently in Committee
of the Whole. I hope that the amendment
will not be concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was asked was to strike out the following:
Department of the Interior:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
$8,000; Assistant Secretary, $3,500; chief clerk; four
clerks of class four, any of whom may be paid $200
extra, if the Secretary of the Interior deem it neces-
sary and proper; five clerks of class four, one of
whom may be designated by the Secretary to act as
superintendent of the building, who shall receive
$200 additional compensation per annum; addi-
tional to three disbursing clems, three clerks of
class three, four clerks of class two, and one clerk
of class one; one messenger, two assistant messen-
gers, at $720 each; and three laborers in his office;
in all, $47,540.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Department of the Interior:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
$8,000; Assistant Secretary, $3,500; chief clerk,$2,200;
four clerks of class four, any of whom may be paid
$200 additional, if the Secretary of the Interior deem
it necessary and proper; six clerks of class four, one
of wbom may be designated by the Secretary to act
as superintendent of the building, who shall receive
$200 additional compensation per annum; additional
to three disbursing clerks, six clerks of class three,
six clerks of class two, and six clerks of class one;
three copyists at $900 each per annum; three mes-
sengers ; two assistant messengers, at $720 each; and
six laborers in his office; in all, $69,480.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that this amend-
ment makes a large increase in the appropria-
tion ; and that is my reason for asking a sep-
arate vote.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment on which a separate
vote was asked (by Mr. Sargent) was to insert
in the appropriations for the Department of
Agriculture the words "for salary of micro-
scopist, $1,800."
Mr. HOLMAN. I call ioP the yeas and
nays on this amendment. This increase of
salaries and creation of new offices most stop
somewhere.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 76, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arthur, Barber, Barnum, Beatty,
James B. Beck, Bingham, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb. Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger,
Conner, Cotton, Crebs, Critoher, Dawes, De Large,
Donnan, Dox, Duke, Dunnell, Elliott, Ely, Esty,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wil-
der D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Gol-
laday, Griffith. Hanks, Harper, John B. Hawley,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham.
Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lowe, Maynard, Mc-
Grew, McJunkin, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe,
Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer. Peck. Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Porter, Prioe, Rainey, John Rogers,
Sion H. Rogers, Rnsk, Sawyer, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, Slocum, John A. Smith, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell,
Sutherland, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twich-
ell, Upson, Wakeman, Wallace, Wheeler. White-
ley, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Erasmus W. Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird. Austin Blair,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Buffinton, Burchard, Ben-
i'amin F. Butler, Cox, Crossland, Davis, Dodds,
•uBose, Eames, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Forker,
Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, George E.
Harris. John T. Harris, Havens, Joseph R. Hawley,
Hay, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr,
Killinger, King, Lewis, Lynch, Maclntyre, Man-
son, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, McKee,
McNeely. Benjamin F. Meyers. Morey, Niblack,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton,
Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts. Sar-
§ent, Scofield, Sessions, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
mith, Speer, Starkweather. Swann, Terry, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Walden, Warren, and
Wells—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Averill, Banks,
Barry, Bigby, Boarman, Boles, Bright, Brooks,
Buckley, Bunnell, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Clarke, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey, Duell,
Farwell, Garfield, Goodrich, Haldeman, Halsey,
Harmer, Houghton. Kinsella, Lansing, Marshall,
McHenry, McKinney, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Morphis, Negley, Palmer, Perce, Poland, Prindle,
Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, St. John. Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner, Voorhees, Waldron,
Walls, Winchester, Wood, and Young—65.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment, as fol-
lows:
Page 57, line thirteen hundred and eighty-three,
strike out the word " fifty " and insert " seventy-
five;" so it will read, "for purchase and distri-
bution of new and valuable seeds and plants,
$75,000."
Mr. SARGENT. I demand a separate vote
on that amendment.
The House divided; and there were—yeas
80, noes 52.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. We might as well have
the yeas and nays at once.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think $26,000
is worth the call of the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 67, not
voting 62 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Barnum,
Erasmus W. Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Boarman, Brax-
ton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb,
Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Cox, Crebs, Critehcr, Crossland, De Large, Dodds,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, Dunnell, Eldredge, Elliott, Gar-
rett, Getz, Giddings. Golladay, Griffith, Hambleton,
Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George
E. Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Hay, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazelton. John W. Hazelton, Hereford.Herndon,
Hibbard, Hill, Holman, Hooper, Kellogg, King,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Maclntyre, May-
nard, MnJunkin, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick,
Moore, Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Perry, Peters, Poland, Por-
ter, Price, Rainey, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, John Rogers, Sion If. Rogers, Rusk,
Sheldon, Sloss, John A. Smith, Snapp, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Sutherland, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump, Waddell, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Whiteley, Whitthorne. Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barbor, Beatty,
James B. Beck, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Buffinton, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler,
Davis, Donnan, Eames, Ely, Esty, Farnsworth,
