1873.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-SESSIONAL GLOBE.
■271
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons....3d
For a steam fog-signal (to guide into a har-
bor of refuge) at Race point, Cape Cod,
Massachusetts, five thousand dollars.
For a steam fog-signal at the mouth of .the
Atchafalaya river, Louisiana, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For placing a light on Muscle-Bed beacon,
Narragansett bay, Rhode Island, three thou-
sand dollars.
For a new dwelling at Conimicut light-house,
Narragansett bay, Rhode Island, fifteen thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That upon the com-
pletion oi said dwelling the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized and directed to sell, at
public auction, after due notice, and either
in one parcel or divided into lots, the laud
constituting the site of the old light station at
Nayat paint.
For wharf and boat-house at Pumhatn rock,
Providence river, Rhode Island, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
For a fog-signal at-New London, Connecti-
cut, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For completingthe light-house at Race rock,
Long Island sound, seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
For a day-beacon at Black Ledge, entrance
to New London, Connecticut, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For protecting the foundations of the light-
houses at Calves island, Brockway's beach,
and Devil's wharf, Connecticut, river, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For commencing a light-house on Southwest
Ledge, entrance to New Haven harbor, Con-
necticut, fifty thousand dollars.
For the construction of a light-house to take
the place of the light-ship at Stratford shoals,
Long Island sound, fifty thousand dollars.
For protecting the site of east beacon and
fog-signal at Sandy Hook, New York harbor,
twenty thousand dollars; and the fog-bell
authorized by act approved June tenth, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-two, to be placed at
Fort Hamilton, New York harbor, may be
Elaced at any point in the Narrows which the
ight-House Board may select.
For cisterns, coping of exterior walls, and
the completion of other works of improvement
at the light-house supply depot, Staten Island,
New York, five thousand dollars.
For commencing the construction of a light-
house to replace the light-ship at Cross Ledge
shoal, Delaware bay, fifty thousand dollars.
For commencing the construction of a light-
house at Bulk-Head shoal, Delaware river,
fifty thousand dollars.
For a light-house on or near the south end
of. Pea-Patch Island, Delaware river, eight
thousand dollars.
For completing the range-lights for Craig-
hill channel, Chesapeake bay, twenty thousand
dollars.
For reestablishing the light at Love point,
Chesapeake bay, ten thousand dollars.
For commencing the construction of a light-
house at Ship John shoal, Delaware bay, fifty
thousand dollars.
For completing the buoy depot at Christiana,
Delaware, ten thousand dollars.
For building a screw-pile light-house on
Thomas's Point shoal, to take the place of the
old light-house on Thomas's point, Maryland,
twenty thousand dollars.
For three day beacons in the Potomac river,
fifteen thousand dollars; and the light-lion ,e
authorized at Shipping point may be placed at
any point in the near vicinity that the Light-
House Board may determine upon.
For building light-houses at Dutch-Gap
canal, Virginia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For a screw-pile light-house to mark the
entrance to the sounds of North Carolina by
Hatteras inlet, eighteen thousand dollars.
For commencing the construction of a first-
order light-house at or near Poyner's hill, a
point midway between Cape Henry and Body's
Island, North Carolina, fifty thopsand dollars.
For commencing the rebuilding of the first-
order sea-coast light on Morris Island, South
Carolina, destroyed during thewar, sixty thou-
sand dollars. .
For completing the sea-coast light at Hunt-
ing Island, South Carolina, fifty thousand dol-
lars. •
For a screw pile light-house to replace the
light-ship at Tybee, Knoll river, Savannah,
Georgia, eighteen thousand dollars.
For day-beacons in the river Savannah,
Georgia, two thousand five hundred dollars:
Provided, That the appropriation of last year
for Oyster rock shall revert to the Treasury.
For completing the sea-coast light at Saint
Augustine, Florida, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For completing the first-order sea-coast light-
house at Alligator reef, Florida reefs, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For a screw-pile light-house at the entrance
to Saint Andrew's bay, Florida, twenty two
thousand dollars.
For completing the Gulf coast light at Sand
Island, off Mobile harbor, Alabama, twenty
thousand dollars.
For a screw-pile light-house at Horn Island
pass, Gulf of Mexico, twenty-two thousand
dollars.
For protecting the light-house depot at the
head of the passes, river Mississippi, from the
erosion of the Shore, ten thousand dollars.
For completion of the Gulf coast iron light-
house atTimbalier Island, coast of Louisiana,
fifty thousand dollars.
For repairs of the screw-pile light-house at
Southwest reef, Louisiana, damaged by a hur-
ricane, five thousand dollars.
For completion of the first-order iron light-
house at Trinity shoal, Gulf of Mexico, forty
thousand dollars.
For completion of a coast-light at Mata-
gorda Island, Texas, twelve thousand dollars.
For a lake-coast light, at or near Thirty-
Mile point, Lnke Ontario, New York, thirty
thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Ashtabula,
Ohio, three thousand four hundred dollars.
For pier-head lights on the lakes, twenty
thousand dollars.
For completion of Spectacle Reef light-
house, Lake Huron, twenty thousand dollars.
For completion of a second-order light-house
at Grosse point, Lake Michigan, Illinois, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For a light-house at L'Anse, Lake Superior,
ten thousand dollars.
For surveys, examinations to determine the
practicability of building a light-house on Stan-
uard's rock, Lake Superior, ten thousand dol-
lars ; and the Light-House Board may, in their
discretion, expend for a light-house at the
entrance to Portage Lake ship-canal the ap-
propriation heretofore made for Eagle river,
Lake Superior.
For a light-house on Isle Royal, Lake Su-
perior, twenty thousand dollars.
For a lake-coast light'on Outer Island, Lake
Superior, forty thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Poverty Island, Lake
Michigan, eighteen thousand dollars.
For a lake-coast light at Twin ltiver point,
Wisconsin, Lake Michigan, forty thousand
dollars.
For a fog signal at Marquette, Lake Superior,
four thousand dollars.
For building a light-house at Port Austin,
Saginaw bay, ten thousand dollars.
For a light-house at Point Hueneme, Santa
Barbara channel, California, twenty-two thou-
sand dollars; and the amount heretofore ap-
propriated for a fog-signal at said point shall
revert to the Treasury.
For completing the light-house at Point San
Pablo, California, thirty thousand dollars ; and
the light-house maybebuiltatPointSan Pablo,
or at such point in the near vicinity as the
Light-House Board may select.
For building a small light and fog-signal at
the mouth of the Columbia river, Oregon,
thirty thousand dollars.
For building a fog-signal at New Dungen-
ness, Straits of Fuca, Washington Territory,
eight thousand dollars.
For a light-house at Point-No-Point, Paget
sound, Washington Territory, or at such other
point in Puget sound as the Light-House Board
may elect, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For building a steam-tender for engineers'
constructions and repairs, and for inspection
in the tenth district, Lakes Brie and Ontario
and river Saint Lawrence, ninety thousand
dollars.
For building a relief light-ship for general
service, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For a steam fog-signal ator near Point Mon-
tara, coast of California, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For a steam fog-signal at the entrance t.o
Humboldt bay, California, ten thousand dol-
lars ; and the light-house appropriations made
in this act for special objects shall be available
from the date of this act.
UNDER TIIE TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Public Buildings.
For completion of the building for the cus-
tom-house and post office at Rockland, Maine,
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For alterations and repairs of the building
for the custom-house at Boston, Massachusetts,
thirty thousand dollars.
For purchase of site and construction of a
building for the custom-house at Fall River,
Massachusetts, two hundred thousand dollars.
For continuing the work on the new State,
War and Navy Departments building, one mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars.
For continuation of the building for the
court-liouae and post office at New York city,
fencing, grading, sewers, and similar neces-
saries, one million nine hundred thousand
dollars.
For the purchase (in part) of a site for a
building for purposes of the General Govern-
ment, at Albany, New York, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That the
corporation of the city of Albany, or the citi-
zens thereof, make the purchase of the balance
of the ground necessary for said site, to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
For purchase of site and to commence the
erection of a building at Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, for a post office and United States
courts, one million five hundred thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That the aggregate cost of
such site and building shall not exceed throe
million dollars.
For completion of the building for a custom-
house at Charleston, South Carolina, including
the sum of twenty-three thousand two hundred
and twenty-six dollars and six cents for con-
struction of and repair of wharves, one hundred
and seventy two thousand and eighty-one dol-
lars and fifty-two cents.
For continuation of construction of the build-
ing for court-house and post office at Columbia,
South Carolina, one hundred thousand dollars.
For completion of the building for the cus-
tom-house at New Orleans, Louisiana, one
hundred and seventy thousand dollars.
For purchase of the site and commencing
construction of the building for the custom-
house and post office at Port Huron, Michigan,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For purchase of site for the building forcus-
tom-house and post office at Cincinnati, Ohio,
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For completion of the building for the cus-
tom-house at Knoxville, Tennessee, one hun-
