1572
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
seventy pounds per day get $375 a mile. That
is the maximum. This bill changes it in this
way: that it gives for the first two hundred
pounds fifty dollars per annum; it gives for
exceeding two hundred up to five hundred
pounds seventy-five dollars; for a thousand,
$100, and se on down to the last rate which
I gave before, and up to the maximum, $375 a
mile, when it increases at the rate of twenty-
five dollars for every additional two thousand
pounds.
The effect of this bill is simply to increase
the compensation on the roads which carry a
greater amount of mail than the maximum ot
weight, which fixes the highest possible com-
pensation. At present, a road which carries
18,470 pounds gets the maximum compen-
sation, and it gets no more if it carries twenty -
nine thousand pounds, as the Pennsylvania
Central does, for instance. The Pennsylvania
Central railroad carries an average ot twenty-
nine thousand pounds of mail matter^ every
day, and yet gets no more than the Philadel-
phia, Wilmington, and Baltimore railroad
which may Q|trry twenty thousand, or some
other road which carries nineteen thousand.
When you get above 18,470 pounds there is
no additional compensation by the present law.
This bill proposes to add twenty-five dollars
for every additional two thousand pounds.
When they carry but two hundred pounds to
begin with, we give fifty dollars a mile, but
when you get up to the large routes it takes
two thousand pounds to get twenty-five dollars
a mile. The gentleman who is in charge, and
has been for many years, of this portion of the
mail service has examined all the railroad
routes with reference to the weight of mail
they carry, with reference to the rates pro-
posed in this bill; and he alleges, on careful
consideration, that the ordinary mail service
proposed by this bill will not be increased in
expense one dollar ; that the only additional
expense there is in this bill by this change of
routes is that portion of money which is paid
for railroad service in carrying the mail in
relation to the amount of work actually done
by the roads. The increased price will go to
those large trunk routes which carry very large
amounts of mail per day; where this $500,000
is necessary is in the additional prices given
for the postal cars; and a careful examina-
tion of all the routes of the country, in reference
to that subject, shows that for the next year
$500,000 will be ample to pay all the addi-
tional cost which is provided in this bill.
More than that, Mr. President, when postal
cars are put upon some lines to which they are
now being extended—when that is completed,
say a couple of years hence—the increase by
these additional rates will not be beyond
$700,000; and it is demonstrated by the ex-
perience of the Department, and by the expe-
rience of this whole matter of service by postal
cars, that they increase the revenues of the
Department very much faster than the in-
crease of their cost. It is one of the chief
elements by which the revenue of our postal
service is increased. I think the Senator from"
Ohio, if he had time to go carefully into this
matter and examine it, as the Committee on
Appropriations have examined it, with the
lights placed before that committee by the
Post Office Department, would see cause to
modify his views very sensibly, and, so far
from believing that this service would cost
$2,000,000 in addition to the present amount,
he would agree that the estimates made by
the Department are very nearly, if not quite,
accurate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I have
listened with entire attention to most of this
debate. I confess I am very much impressed
by the statements made a while ago by the
Senator from Ohio. We are accustomed so
much to look to him as authority on financial
questions that we are naturally very much
influenced by his views, expressed so positively
and distinctly as they were a few moments ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is due to the Senator
that I should state that the Postmaster General,
who happens to be present, tells me that the
first three, or perhaps four, specifications here
have not been increased ; but while, under the
present law, there are three classes, he says
the Department have adopted subdivisions
of these three classes, and therefore. I was in
error in regard to the first three. They are
subdivisions of the existing classes. There
is nothing in the law that contemplates more
than three classes, and I spoke in reference
to the law before; but I am now corrected as
far as the first three specifications go.
Mr. CASSERLY. If no change is made m
this law, what is the necessity for these enact-
ments? Why should the^ be inserted ? It seems
to pe that they are put in here for some pur-
pose ; and unless that purpose be either to re-
duce the expense or to increase it, the enact-
ments are entirely superfluous. Now, it is not
claimed that the provisions reduce the ex-
pense. Therefore 1 think the inference is quite
reasonable, upon general principles, that the
effect of them is to increase the expense.
Mr. WEST. .If my friend will allow me,
assuredly it is to increase the compensation
given to these railroad companies, because they
have represented to the Committee on Appro-
priations that unless such an arrangement was
made they would be compelled to withdraw
their postal cars. The only question, as between
the Senator from South Carolina and the Sen-
ator from Ohio, was whether it increased the
total expenditure of the Department two mil-
lion dollars, or half a million.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understabd that per-
fectly.
Mr. WEST. It increases it half a million.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no difference
between me and the Senator from Louisiana
as to what is in controversy upon this bill. I
referred first to what the Senator from Ohio
said as to a large increase in the general postal
service of the country ; and I repeat that,
though the Senator from Ohio very properly,
upon further information, qualified a portion
of his remarks, I feel it very difficult to under-
stand how it is, if these provisions, which fill
up nearly the whole of page 6, do not increase
the expenditures of the Department, that they
should be here.
Mr. WEST. We do not say they do not
increase them. We say they do.
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to say to the
Senator from California that the apportion-
ment by the portion of the bill on page 6 is
intended to be more equal than the present
apportionment. That is the reason why it is
placed so. A part of that is the existing law;
but the existing law ceases to allow additional
compensation when they get up to between
eighteen and nineteen thousand pounds,
whereas many of the larger routes carry nearly
thirty thousand pounds. Most of the increase
will fall on those roads.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, I understand what
was not before stated that I heard, namely,
that the object of the provisions on page 6 is
to make a new distribution of these allow-
ances.
Mr. SAWYER.' To some extent.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then, as to the rest of
them, why are they repeated? Why are they
enacted here ?
Mr. SAWYER. I will answer the Senator
again if he will allow me. The Senator from
Ohio has shown that the law, as it at present
exists, classifies all railroads into three classes,
and it has been found equitable, and just, and
necessary in the Post Office Department to
subdivide those classes, and to make several
subdivisions m the first class, the second
class, and the third class; but the law does
not allow any compensation when it gets be-
yond nine tons.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Sena-
tor from South Carolina to say substantially
that a while ago; and I understood him, when
he did say so, to qualify his statement with the
remark that that accounted for a portion of
these provisions. Now, I say if they account
for only a portion, what is the meaning ot the
rest, unless their effect be to change the present
expenditures? If 1 am in error it is for the
want of sufficient explanations by the Senators
here who have special charge of this bill, and
to whom naturally we look for answers to ob-
jections and for the explanation of difficul-
ties. .
Now, sir, it is admitted, of course, that this
bill proposes an increased expenditure of
half a million dollars, which, if 1 understand
what I have been listening to, it is supposed
will be caused by the increased demands of
the railroad companies who use the railway
post office cars. Now, Mr. President, I would
not do a wrong to a railroad company any
more than I would to the humblest citizen
but I think that it is high time, if it be possi-
ble, to ascertain whether the people^ of the
United States, as represented by the Govern-
ment of the United States, have not rights in
this matter which are beyond the control and,
I had almost said, the dictation of railway
companies.
Mr. President, I am not fearful in the least
that the railroad companies will do so suicidal
a thing as to refuse to carry the mails in their
usual railway post office cars. Their h ighest
interest, their immediate, positive, plain inter-
est, is to furnish all practicable facilities for
the 3peedy and punctual delivery of the mails.
Why, sir, suppose to-morrew the Pennsylva-
nia Central—and I mention that great com-
pany because it is a great one, not because I
imagine it would for one moment be guilty of
such stupidity—suppose that road to-morrow
were to refuse to carry the mails in such a
manner as the Postmaster General should
require, how long would it maintain its pres-
ent condition of business; how long before its
freights would fall off, and its passengers as
well? Why, sir, the handmaid of the rail-
road is the letter, and it is the letter delivered
with punctuality, dispatch, and certainty, and
so delivered as to accommodate the greatest
number of people having or likely to have
transactions with the railway company. These
great corporations do some times, in their ex-
cessive pursuit of gain, make mistakes ; but this
is not one of those mistakes which a railroad
company is at all likely to make.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
California give way to allow me to make a
motion to adjourn?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have just one word
more to add, and therefore I know the Sen-
ator will excuse me.
There is danger in a provision so general as
this. I fear that if it shall be enacted every
little railroad company in the country that is
not paying_ will put on a postal car to carry the
mail, and in that way they will increase their
receipts without adding anything to the facili-
ties of" the Post Office. Under the circum-
stances 1 shall not continue my observations.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk,announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1391) repealing an act entitled "An act for
the relief of certain Indians in the central
superintendent1}','' approved June 10, 1872,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The. message also announced that the House
had passed a joint resolution (11. li. No. 2(H>)
granting condemned cannon for a ntatue of
Major General Philip Kearney, United States
volunteer army, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
