m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
Laws of the United Stales.
dred and sixty-six thousand seven hundred
and forty-seven dollars.
For erection of building for use of custom-
house, post office, and court-house at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For continuation of construction of the build-
ing for the custom-house and sub-Treasury
at Chicago, Illinois, eight hundred thousand
dollars.
For the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois,
for engine, coal-house, laundry, machinery,
water-works, engine, tanks, and similar neces-
saries, twenty-three thousand eight hund ed
and twenty-five dollars and forty-four cents.
For completion of the building for the court-
house and post office at Omaha, Nebraska,
seventy-one thousand dollars.
For building for appraiser's stores, and other
purposes, at San Francisco, California, four
hundred and eight thousand dollars.
For completion of the building for the cus-
tom house at Portland, Oregon, seventy-six
thousand five hundred dollars.
For continuation of construction of the
building for the custom-house, court-house,
and post office at Saint Louis, Missouri, one
million dollars: Provided, That the total cost
of the building and site shall not exceed four
million dollars.
For completion of a building for post office
and court house in the city of Raleigh, North
Carolina, one hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
obtain by purchase, or to obtain by condem-
nation in the courts of the State of Massa-
chusetts, the several lots or parcels of land
lying easterly of the present site of the new
post office in Boston, and bounded by said
site, Water street, Congress street and Milk
street, upon the lines of said streets as they
are now established or may hereafter be estab-
lished by due process of law, and for re-
pairing the injuries to the post office build-
ing, caused by fire, and to extend the building
over said site, eight hundred thousand dollars;
Provided, That no money appropriated ifor
this purpose shall be used or expended in the
purchase of the several lots or parcels of land
for said site until a valid title thereto shall be
vested in the United States, nor until the State
of Massachusetts shall cede its jurisdiction
over the same, and shall duly release and re-
linquish to the United States the right to tax or
in any way assess said site and the property
of the United States that may be thereon dur-
ing the time that the United States shall be or
remain the owner thereof: And provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
make no purchase of land under this provision
until the city of Boston shall cause the trian-
gular space between Congress, Pearl, Milk,
and Water streets to be opened to the public
and graded and paved at the expense of the
city, and shall widen Milk and Water streets,
where the buildings have been destroyed by
fire, to a width of at least sixty feet.
And the sums hereby appropriated for the
construction of public buildings under the
Treasury Department, including the building
for the new State, War, and Navy Depart-
ments, shall be available immediately upon
the approval of this act.
For machinery for the new branch.mint
building, San Francisco, California, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand five hundred dollars,
including such part of the appropriation for
the same object made for the present fiscal
year as shall be expended prior to June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
For the mints of the United States :
For wages of workmen from April first to
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, thirty-one thousand- two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For ordinary expenses for same period,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen for fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four, one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For ordinary expenses, repairs, and re-
placing machinery, oil, dies, acids, coal, wood,
and other miscellaneousitemsfor sameperiod,
fifty thousand dollars, to be available imme-
diately upon the passage of this act.
For repairs and preservation of all the public
buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department, two hundred thousand dollars.
For the annual repairs and improvements
of the Treasury building, Washington, District
of Columbia, twenty-five thousand dollars.
UNDER THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Armories and Arsenals.
Springfield armory, Springfield, Massa-
chusetts :
For repairs and preservation of grounds,
buildings, and machinery, twenty thousand
dollars; and for macadamizing the hill por-
tion of Pearl street anf] curbing one side of
it-s entire length, three thousand five hundred1
dollars; in all, twenty-three thousand five
hundred dollars.
Rock Island arsenal, Rock Island, Illinois:
For a new wood-working and gun-carriage
shop, two hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For the completion of new finishing shop for
armory, one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars ; and for one set of subaltern officers'
quarters, twenty-three thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars; in all, one hundred
and seventy-three thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For forges, foundery, chimneys, machinery,
and shop fixtures, for forge-shop, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For machinery and shop fixtures for shop
C, as laid down on the plan adopted by the
War Department, fifteen thousand dollars.
For ipiprovement of grounds, building of
new roads, and care and preservation of the
same, eight thousand dollars.
For paving the basements of shops B and
C., as laid down in the plan adopted by the
War Department, twenty-one thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars.
For a new guard-house, fire-engine house,
and quartermaster's and commissary store-
house, twenty-sevefl thousand five hundred
dollars.
For machinery for transmitting power from
the water-power to shops, eighteen thousand
dollars.
For painting of buildings and fences, and
for care and preservation of water power and
public buildings, ten thousand dollars.
Benicia arsenal, Benicia, California:
For one set of officers' quarters, tw.enty-six
thousand five hundred-and seventy-one dollars;
for repairing roads, building sewersand drains,
four thousand .eight hundred and seventy-six
dollars ; for grading grounds, seven thousand
eight hundred and si^ity-four dollars ; for per
manent repairs,of post, machinery for shops,
and fences, five thousand nine hundred and
five dollars; for artesian well, four thousand
eight hundred and twenty-nine dollars: in all
fifty thousand forty-five dollars.
For the construction of depot buildings,
including shops, offices, and commissary and
quartermaster's store-rooms at San Antonio,
Texas, one hundred thousand dollars.
For necessary repairs and preservation of
all other arsenals, fifty thousand dollars:
Provided, That the same shall not be expended
at one arsenal, but shall be distributed to the
various arsenals, not herein named, as the
same shall be in need of such preservation
and repairs.
Buildings and Grounds in and around Wash-
ington.
Improvement and care of public grounds:
For repair, care, and improvement of public
buildings, grounds, and works in the District
of Columbia, under the direction of the chief
of engineers: completing improvement of
reservations, viz:
For Monumental grounds, five thousand
dollars.
For Smithsonian grounds, ten thousand
dollars.
For Armory square, five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For reservation between Third and Sixth
streets, five thousand dollars.
Forgrounds south of the Executive Mansion,
ten thousand dollars.
For improvement of Lincoln square, six
thousand dollars.
For continuing improvement of Judiciary
square, ten thousand dollars.
For improving reservations on various ave-
nues, twenty thousand dollars.
For repairs of propagating-house, including
its removal from Third street to Monumental
grounds, three thousand dollars.
For ordinary care and protection of Lafay-
ette square, two thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of fences, two thousand
dollars.
For manure and hauling same on public
grounds, five thousand dollars.
For painting iron fences around the Govern-
ment reservations, four thousand dollars.
For purchase and repair of seats in the pub-
lic grounds, one thousand dollars.
For hire of horses and carts, five thousand
dollars.
For purchase and repair of tools, two thou-
sand dollars.
For trees and tree-boxes, and for lime and
whitewashing, five thousand dollars.
For flowers, flower-pots, mats, twine, and
wire, one thousand dollars.
For removing snow and ice from pavements,
one thousand dollars.
For purchase of young trees and plants for
nursery, two thousand dollars.
For tree-markers and marking trees, one
hundred dollars.
For purchase of cages and boxes for spar-
rows, five hundred dollars.
For abating nuisances, one thousand dollars ;
and for the expenses of the Board of Health of
the District of Columbia, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For inclosing, drainage, and for grading
reservation numbered seventeen, five thousand
dollars.
For reconstructing walks, and for water and
drain pipes, and laying the same, in the Wash-
ington circle, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For constructing walks and fountain-bowl,
and for purchase of trees and shrubs, for cir-
cle at intersection of Rhode Island and Ver-
mont avenues, two thousand three hundred
dollars.
For improving reservations on Massachu-
setts and New York avenues, and reservation
lately occupied by the Northern Liberties'
market, draining, water-pipes, and iron posts
and chain, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For improving four triangular reservations
on Pennsylvania avenue, east of the Capitol,
by inclosing, draining, and introducing water,
and for trees and shrubs, and for setting out
same, three thousand dollars.
For improving two reservations on Massa-
chusetts and Rhode Island avenues, on east
side of site selected for the Scott statue, seven
thousand dollars.
For repairing fountain-bowls in various res-
ervations, five hundred dollars.
