1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2T3
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
To reimburse the late corporation of Wash-
ington for work done around Government res-
ervations, one hundred and eighty-eight thou-
sand two dollars and seventy-five cents.
To reimburse the Board of Public Works for
work done around Government reservations not
heretofore paid, one hundred and six thousand
five hundred and thirty-three dollars.
To complete improvements of streets and
avenues now in progress opposite and around
Government property, nine hundred and thir-
teen thousand four hundred and ninety-seven
dollars and twenty-six cents: Provided, That
all payments made under this and the two pre-
ceding appropriations shall be made only upon
vouchers, approved by the officer in charge of
the public buildings and grounds of the Dis-
trict, after full examination and measurement
of the said improvements, and the approval of
the prices claimed therefor.
To reimburse the city of Washington for
improvement of the avenues of said city, and
for work done thereon not chargeable against
owners of private property, nor included in
appropriations heretofore made, one million
dollars ; and this appropriation shall be avail-
able on and after the passage of this act, and
shall be subject to the draft of the Board of
Public Works, upon the certificate of the engin-
eer in charge of public buildings and grounds
as to the amount of work done and prices paid.
For lighting the Capitol, Executive Man-
sion, and grounds:
For gas, forty-five thousand dollars.
For pay of lamp-lighters, gas-fitting, plumb-
ing. lamps, posts, and repairs of all sorts, fif-
teen thousand dollars.
For fuel for propagating garden and watch-
men's'lodges, eight hundred dollars.
For annual repairs of the navy-yard and
upper bridge, seveii thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the Executive Man-
sion, fifteen thousand dollars; for refurnish-
ing same, ten thousand dollars; for fuel for
same,, five thousand dollars.
For care, protection, and continuing perma-
nent improvement of green-house at Executive
Mansion, ten thousand dollars.
For repairing and extending water-pipes,
purchase of necessary apparatus to clean them,
and for cleaning the spring supplying the Cap-
itol, Executive Mansion, War and Navy De-
partments, ten thousand dollars.
Washington aqueduct:
For finishing the wooden fence at the dis-
tributing reservoir, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For dwelling for gate-keeper, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For completing stone bridges, eight thousand
six hundred dollars.
For completing the macadamizing of the
conduit road, sixteen thousand dollars.
For engineering, maintenance, and general
repairs, fifteen thousand dollars.
• Modification and repairs of building at
corner of Seventeenth and F streets:
For cutting out windows in basement, and
fitting fourteen cellar-rooms for office or file
rooms, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For removing mastic from fronts on Seven-
teenth and F streets, cleaning face and point-
ing and flushing up joints of underlying brick
wall, and painting and sanding same and
other portions of each front, and of wood-work
of rear and ends of the building, six thousand
dollars.
For removing marble from basement from
and including present upper course, and re-
facing with marble from present ground line
up to present upper course of marble, and
building marble steps to each of the front en-
trances, ten thousand dollars.
For renewing tin roof and painting same,
repairs of steam-warming apparatus, and paint-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 18.
ing, whitewashing, and general renovation of
interior of the building, five thousand dollars.
For contingencies, five hundred dollars.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
Miscellaneous.
Signal-office:
For observation and report of storms by
telegraph and signals for the benefit of com-
merce and agriculture throughout the United
States, two hundred and ninety-six thousand
eight hundred and twenty-five dollars: Pro-
vided, That the chief signal officer may cause
to be sold aily surplus maps or publications of
the signal office, the money received therefor
to be applied towards defraying the expenses
of the signal service, an account of the same
to _ be rendered in each annual report of the
chief of the signal service.
For expenses of the War Department in
the collection and payment of bounty, prize-
money, and other legitimate claims of colored
soldiers and sailors, fifty thousand dollars.
For support of the Freedmen's Hospital
andAsylum at Washington, District of Colum-
bia, viz: pay of medical officers and attendants;
medicines, medical supplies, and rations;
clothing; rent of hospital buildings; fuel and
lights; repairs; and transportation, sixty thou-
sand dollars.
For payment of costs and charges of State
penitentiaries for the care, clothing, main-
tenance, and medical attendance of United
States military convicts confined in them,
sixty-five thousand dollars.
To indemnify the States for expenses in-
curred by them.in enrolling, equipping, and
transporting troops for the defense of the
United States during the late insurrection,
throe hundred thousand dollars ; ten thousand
dollars of which, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, shall be appropriated to reim-
burse the State of Nebraska for expenses in-
curred in the suppression of Indian hostilities
in eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to be paid
by warrant in favor of the treasurer of said
State.
To provide for the payment, under existing
laws, for horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States, fifty thousand dollars. And the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
directed to pay to the census-takers of eigh-
teen hundred and sixty, or their assigns, the
sums set to their credit, now in the Treasury
of the United States, any provision of exist-
ing laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
For the construction of a military telegraph
from San Diego, California, via Fort Yuma
and Maricopa Wells, to Prescott and Tucson,
Arizona, fifty thousand three hundred and
eleven dollars and eighty cents.
For continuation of the survey of the north-
ern and northwestern lakes, determination of
points in the interior of Michigan, and con-
struction of maps, one hundred and seventy
five thousand dollars.
UNDER THE JTAVY DEPARTMENT.
Navy- Yards.
For the navy-yard at Kittery, Maine :
For repairs of all kinds, ninety three thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For the navy-yard at Boston, Massachu-
setts :
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the navy-yard at Brooklyn, New
York:
For repairs of all kinds, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the navy-yard at Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania :
For repairs of all kinds, forty thousand
dollars.
For work at the naval station at League
Island, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ;
and not less than fifty thousand dollars of this
shall be expended in the removal of property
and materials from the Philadelphia yard'to
League Island.
For the navy-yard at Washington, District
of Columbia :
For repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
For the navy-yard at Norfolk, Virginia:
For repairs of all kinds, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
For the navy-yard at Pensacola, Florida :
For repairs of all kinds, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For the navy-yard at Mare Island, Cali-
fornia :
For repairs of all kinds, ninety-seven thou-
sand seven hundred and sixty dollars; for
continuation of stone dry-dock, four hundred
thousand dollars; for dredging, twenty thou-
sand dollars; for continuation of rail-track,
fifteen thousand dollars ; for iron-plating shop,
fifty thousand dollars; iu all, five hundred and
eighty-two thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars.
For naval station at New London, Con-
necticut :
For repairs of all kinds, five thousand dol-
lars.
For naval station at Key West, Florida:
For repairs of all kinds, five thousand dol-
lars.
Improvements at Navy-Yards under direction
of the Bureau of Ordnance.
For the magazine at Boston, Massachusetts,
five hundred dollars.
For the navy yard, Washington, District
of Columbia:
For removal of the present, and establish-
ment of a new magazine and ordnancc build-
ings, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the magazine at Mare Island, Cali-
fornia :
For fitting up racks in new magazine, two thou-
sand two hundred and seventy-fivedollars; for
doors, locks, shutters, and lightning-rods for
new magazine, four thousand dollars; for fence
inclosure of new magazine, one thousand six
hundred dollars ; for grading, graveling, and
brick drains, two thousand five hundred and
fifty-eight dollars; in all, ten thousand four
hundred and thirty-three dollars.
UNDER THE DEPARTMENT OF AOarCUI.TURE.
For improvement of the grounds of the
Department of Agriculture :
For labor twelve thousand dollars ; for cast-
iron labels for trees and shrubs, one thousand
five hundred dollars ; for tools, wagons, lawn-
mowers, carts, and general repairs of the same,
one thousand dollars; for boiler for heating
apparatus, three hundred dollars ; for build-
ing furnaces and chimneys, two hundred and
fifty dollars; for repairing fence on Fourteenth
street four hundred dollars; for repairing con-
crete roads and walks, seven hundred and fifty
dollars; in all, sixteen thousand two hundred
dollars.
lieform School of District of Columbia.
For superintendent,' one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; two assistant superintendents,
at seven hundred and fifty dollars each ; matron,
six hundred dollars ; two teachers, at six hun-
dred dollars each; physician, five hundred
dollars ; superiiitendentof work-shop, six hun-
dred dollars ; laborer, one hundred and forty-
four dollars; seamstress, laundress, and ser-
vants, five hundred and forty dollars; fuel,
clothing, aud incidentals, two thousand four
