1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
there were—ayes 93, noes 21; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holjian and
Mr. Finkelnburg were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 109, noes 13.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended; and the bill (H. R.
No. 4034) was passed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
' An act (S. No. 978) for adjusting the claims
of the State of New Hampshire; and
An act (S. No. 1168) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to remove the charge of deser-
tion from certain soldiers of the thirteenth
Tennessee cavalry," approved April 10,1869.
wyoming railroad.
Mr. HOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
reported back with amendments House bill
No. 163, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from a point on the Union Pacific rail-
road at or near Church Butte station, in the
Territory of Wyoming, to the headwaters of
Smith's forks, in the Uinta mountain; and
the bill, with amendments, was ordered to be
printed and recommitted.
Mr. SARGENT. Not to be brought into
the House by a motion to reconsider?
Mr. HOUGHTON. Certainly.
little cottonwood railroad.
Mr. HOUGHTON also, from the same com-
mittee, by unanimous consent, reported back,
with amendments, the bill No. 3155, to incor-
porate the Little Cottonwood Railroad Com-
pany; and the bill, with amendments, was
ordered to be printed and recommitted, not
to be brought back into the House upon a
motion to reconsider.
columbus, fayette, and decatur railroad.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported back, with amendments, a bill (H. R.
No. 1883) authorizing the Columbus, Payette,
and Decatur Railroad Company of Alabama
and Mississiippi to enter public lands ; which
was ordered to be printed with the amend-
ments, aud recommitted.
charles cosby.
Mr. VAN TRUMP, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, a bill (H. R. No. 1704)
for the benefit of Charles Cosby, late post-
master at Uptonville, Hardin county, Ken-
tucky.
The bill was read. It recites in the pre-
amble that Charles Cosby, late postmaster at
Uptonville, Hardin county, Kentucky, was
robbed of $87 40 in postage stamps ; and sat-
isfactory proof shows that the robbery did not
result from any carelessness or negligence on
his part. The bill therefore provides that, in
the settlement of the account of Charles
Cosby, late postmaster at Uptonville, Hardin
county, Kentucky, the Postmaster General
shall credit and remit to Cosby the sum of
$87 40, the amount he lost by the robbery,
and iiivt* him a quietus therefore. [Laughter.]
I Iih bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
1 iri reading; and being engrossed, it was ac-
c d n;u rend the third time, and passed.
•I V kS 1 RUMP moved to reconsider the
■ Inch the bill was passed; and also
rnov.-d iiai the motion to reconsider be laid
on tti« fs;hie.
1' .t later motion was agreed to.
PitOPlSLLER OLIVER CROMWELL.
Mr. i 'ONGEK, by unanimous consent, re-
port ed back, from the Committee o"n Commerce
a bill (3. No. 1325) to grant, an American
register to the propeller Oliver Cromwell.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue an American
register to the propeller Oliver Cromwell, an
American-built vessel, sold to Canadian parties
in 1856, wrecked in the straits of Mackinaw,
purchased and rebuilt by J. P. Clark, an
American citizen, who is now her owner.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the centennial celebration.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. By the act
of June, 1871, creating the United States cen-
tennial commission to provide for celebrating
the centennial of the Declaration and hold-
ing a grand international exhibition in 1876,
that corporation was directed to report at the
first session of Congress after its organization
suitable dates for opening and closing the
exhibition, a schedule of ceremonies, a plan
or plans of the building, a complete plan for
the reception and classification of articles for
exhibition, the requisite custom-house regula-
tions, &c.
That report I have now the honor to present.
I beg leave to say, for the information of the
House and the country, that the city of Phila-
delphia and the State of Pennsylvania have
placed the success of that exposition and
celebration beyond all doubt. The citizens of
Philadelphia by private subscription have
raised $700,000 and intends to make the sum
a million. In addition, the city has already
appropriated $575,000. Other subscriptions
and appropriations outside of the city make it
certain that we shall receive from Pennsyl-
vania the magnificent contribution of at least
$4,000,000. Let the rest of the country fol-
low the example and sustain the enterprise
and we shall have in 1876 the grandest celebra-
tion and exhibition the world ever saw.
Mr. L. MYERS. There is no doubt of that.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I move
that this report be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut, also, by
unanimous consent, submitted the following
resolution; which was referred under the law
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That of the report of the
United States centennial commisson, made in ohe-
dience to the acts of Congress of March 3,1871, and
June 1,1872, giving the organization of said com-
mission and the plans, classifications, and arrange-
ments for the international exhibition and centen-
nial celebration of 1876, there be printed for the use
of the State Department fifteen hundred copies;
for the use of the Senate, three thousand copies;
for the use of the House, six thousand copies, and
for the use of the centennial commission, thirty
thousand copies, making in all forty thousand five
hundred comes.
statue of major general kearney.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 200)
granting condemned cannon for a' statue of
Major General Philip Kearney, United States
volunteer Army; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary
of War to deliver to the Governor of New
Jersey six bronze or brass condemned cannon
to be used to make a life-size statue of Major
General Philip Kearney, United States volun-
teer Army, who died in the service during the
late war of the rebellion.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HILL moved to consider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
i be laid on the table.
I The latter motion was agreed to.
election of california representatives.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to put on its passage a
bill which has the unanimous recommendation
of the Committee on the Judiciary. It is the
bill (H. R. No. 3324) fixing the time for the
election of Representatives from the State of
California to the Forty-Fourth Congress.
The bill was read. It provides that on the
first Wednesday in September, 1874, there
shall be elected, in each congressional dis-
trict in the State of California, one Represent-
ative to represent the State in the Forty-
Fourth Congress of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indians of central superintendence.
Mr. BURDETT, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported
back with an amendmentin the form of a sub-
stitute, a bill (S. No. 1391) repealing an act
entitled "An act for the relief of certain
Indians of the central superintendency,"
approved June 10, 1872.
The substitute was read. It recites in the
preamble that by an act for the relief of
certain Indiansinthe central superintendency,
approved June 10, 1872, the Secretary of the
Interior was authorized and directed to appoint
three commissioners, and to take an inventory
of, appraise, and sell certain lands, bonds,
notes, accounts, contracts, mortgage, and
other property or assets held or acquired in
any manner under a trust in respect to educa-
tion, created and confirmed by treaties with
the Ottawa Indians, of Blanchard's Fork and
Roche de Roeuf, proclaimed July 28, 1862, and
October 14, 1868, and to pay the proceeds of
such sale to the several members of the tribe,
their heirs or assigns, per capita; that counter-
claims of rights and equities in the lands, bonds,
notes, accounts, contracts, mortgages, and
other property or assets having been set forth
and affirmed by the trustees under the ttust,
and by the American Baptist Home Mission
Society, the Secretary of the Interior has
referred to Congress the question of further
legislation, and that representatives of all the
parties have united in an agreement to make
friendly application to Congress for legislation
providing for the ascertainment of all such
property, real and personal, and the severance
and satisfaction, by commission, of the equit-
able interests of the contending parties.
The substitute in the first section provides
that Walter R. Irwin, Luther R. Smith, com-
missioners appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior under the act, together with Henry
S. Neal, of Ohio, Joseph Henry, of Wash-
ington, aud Emory Washburn, of Massachu-
setts, be constituted a commission to investi-
gate and ascertain all the property, real or
personal, rights and interests legal or equit-
able, held or acquired under such trust,, and
to determine and award upon the rights aud
equities of the parties in the property, for
which purpose they are invested with sufficient
power and authority to hear aud determine,
and to make such rules and orders thereunto
as may be necessary, aud their award shall
be final and conclusive of ail the rights and
claims of all parlies.
The second section provides that the com-
mission shall assemble on or before the first
Wednesday in August, 1873, at such place as
a majority of its members may select, and,
upon being duly sworn by any person author-
ized to administer oaths, they shall proceed
to organize by the election of one of their
number as president and of another as secre-
tary, with authority to procure rooms and
attendance. A majority shall constitute a
