276
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of Ike United States.
and other military buildings at established
posts, and for repairs of buildings occupied by
the Army, for fiscal year eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
Clothing and equipage:
For purchase and manufacture of clothing,
camp and garrison equipage, and for preserv-
ing 'and repacking stock of clothing, camp
and garrison equipage, and materials on hand
at the Schuylkill arsenal and other depots, for
fiscal year eighteen' hundred and seventy-
three, one hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
Pay Department.
General expenses of Paymaster General's
office:
For postage on letters and packages and
telegrams received and sent by officers of the
Army on public business; the additional com-
pensation of judge advocates, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on court-martial
service, and the traveling expenses of paymas-
ters' clerks, for fiscal year eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, six thousand dollars.
For postage on letters and packages received
and sent by officers of the Army on public
service; cost of telegrams; compensation of
citizen witnesses attending upon courts-mar-
tial, military commissions, courts of inquiry,
and traveling expenses of paymasters' clerks,
for fiscal year eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, seventy-five thousand dollars.
Mileage, Paymaster General's office:
For allowances made to officers of the Army
for transportation of themselves and their bag-
gage when trave'ing on duty without troops,
escort, or suppl.es, for fiscal year eighteen
hundred and sevmty-three, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to pay cer-
tain indebtedness incurred by the officer in
charge of public buildings and grounds in the
city of Washington during the fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, in furnishing the Executive Mansion,
one thousand four hundred and ninety-five
dollars and thirty-six cents; and the officer in
charge of the public buildings and grounds
shall have the rank, pay, and emolument of
a colonel.
To enable the Secretary of War to pay W.
H. Shirley, for additional clerical services,
heretofore employed by him in the investiga-
tion and settlement of accounts for abandoned
and captured property, one thousand dollars.
Signal Service.
Observation and report of storms;
For expenses of the manufacture, purchase,
or repair of meteorological and other neces-
sary instruments for telegraphing repcirts; for
expenses of storm-signals, announcing the
probable approach and force of storms; for
instrument shelters; for hire, furniture, and
expenses of offices maintained for public use,
in cities or posts receiving reports; for maps,
bulletins, and so forth, to be displayed in
chambers of commerce and boards of trade
rooms, and for distribution to agricultural,
scientific, and other associations; for books
and stationery; and for incidental'expenses
not otherwise provided for, for the fiscal year
of eighteen hundred and seventy-three, eighty-
eight thousand dollars.
Medical and Hospital Department.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of disbursing officers For
expenditures already made in pursuance of
law, which will not involve any actual expend-
iture, a transfer on the books of the Treasury
of two hundred and seventy-five thousand dol-
lars is hereby authorized.
To pay bills for medical attendance and
medicines furnished by citizens to officers and
men on detached service, such bills not having
been presented until after the close of the fiscal
year, eight thousand dollars.
For payment of costs and charges of State
penitentiaries for the care, clothing, main-
tenance, and medical attendance of United
States military convicts confined in Uiem, five
thousand dollars.
Marine Corps.
For a deficiency in the appropriation for
clothing for the Marine corps, ten thousand
dollars.
For a deficiency in the appropriation for
contingencies in the Marine corps, ten thou-
sand dollars.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT,
For clerks, copyists, messengers, and labor-
ers in the office of the Secretary, eiglit thou-
sand dollars.
Contingent expenses:
For expenses of packing and distributing
official documents, for fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
two thousand dollars.
For the expense of preparing, engraving, and
printing fifty maps for the statistical atlas of
the United. States, based on the results of the"
ninth census, to be compiled by Francis A.
Walker, and to be published in au edition of
three thousand copies, thirty thousand dollars.
For compensation of Francis A. Walker, late
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for extra ser-
vices and labor performed by him while such
Commissioner, in finishing the report of the
census, fifteen hundred dollars.
Public Lands.
For office of surveyor general of Idaho, for
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, ten dollars and eighty-
seven cents.
For office of surveyor general of Oregon :
For clerks in his office, for fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred aud sev-
enty, one hundred and sixty-one dollars and
ninety-one cents.
Surveyor general of Washington Terri-
tory:
For clerks in his office, for fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy,
sixty eight dollars and ninety-four cents.
For surveyor general of California:
For rent of office, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, for fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, four hundred and eighty dollars
and four cents.
For recorder of land titles in Missouri, for
fiscal years ending Jane thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, and June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, one thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands iu Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile
for standard, twelve dollars for township, and
ten dollars for section lines, four hundred and
seventy-eight dollars and eighty-eight cents.
For surveying the public lands iu Montana,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile
for standard, twelve dollars for township, and
ten dollars for section lines, one thousand aud
eight dollars and fifty-eight cents.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, seven huudted and
ninety-eight dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For surveying the public lands in Wyoming,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile
for standard, twelve dollars for township, and
ten dollars for section lines, one hundred and
forty-six dollars and forty-eight cents.
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska,
at rales not exceeding ten dollars per mile for
standard, seven dollars for township, and six
dollars for section lines, one hundred and
thirty dollars and nine cents.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per mile for
standard, seven dollars for township and six
dollars for section lines, six hundred and
ninety-two dollars and five cents.
For surveying the eastern boundary of Ne-
vada, two hundred dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Idaho, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per mile for
standard, twelve dollars for township, and ten
dollars for section lines, one thousand and
thirteen dollars and eight cents. The forego-
ing for surveys of public lands are for defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the fiscal
years eighteen hundred and seventy-one, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-two, and eighteen
hundred and seventy-three.
For the building for the penitentiary in Wy-
oming Territory, being amount of deficiency in
the proceeds of internal revenue set apart for
this purpose, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
thirteen thousand one hundred and ninety-six
dollars and seventy-seven cents.
EXTENSION OF CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Squares six hundred and eighty-seven and six
hundred and eighty-eight.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
purchase from the owners thereof all the re-
maining real estate and improvements thereon
in square numbered six hundred and eighty-
eight, in the city of Washington, necessary to
be taken to complete the purchase of said
square, and of square numbered six hundred
and eighty-seven, in said city, authorized by
sections six, seven, eight,, nine, ten, and eleven
of an act entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, and for other purposes," ap-
proved May eighth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, the sum of two hundred and
eighty-four thousand one hundred and ninety-
nine dollars and fifteen cents is hereby appro-
priated : Provided, That such real estate and
improvements shall be purchased at the prices
fixed in the report of the commissioners ap-
pointed by the supreme court of the District
of Columbia to appraise the value of such
property, made to said court on the twelfth
day of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, and confirmed by said court on the six-
teenth day of October, in said year: Provided
further, That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby authorized to sell at public auction such
materials in the buildings in said squares, num-
bered six hundred and eighty-seven and six
hundred and eighty-eight, as are not necessary
for the public works in this District; and from
the proceeds of such sales shall be paid, by the
Secretary of the Interior, all actual and neces-
sary charges for advertising, auctioneer's fees,
extra clerical labor, services of commissioners
for appraising the property aforesaid, and such
other expenses as may have been incident to,
and occasioned by, the appraisement and pur-
chase of the real estate and improvements in
the squares hereinbefore named, and the sales
of the materials in the buildings thereon ; the
remainder of such proceeds, after payment of
all such charges and expenses, to be applied
to the improvement and extension of the Cap-
itol grounds.
For an elevator in the Senate wing of the
Capitol, ten thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the architect of the
Capitol extension.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
defray the expenses incurred in executing the
