1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
appertaining to said circuit court of the United
States in and for the districts of Missouri, and, as
such custodians and the successors of the clerk of
said last-named court, they are herebymvested with
the same powers and authority with respect thereto
as the clerk thereof had during the existence of said
last-named court. Said circuit court of the United
States in and for the eastern district of Missouri is
hereby made the successor of said ►circuit court of
the United States in and for the districts of Missouri
as to all suits, causes, and unfinished business
therein or in any wise appertaining thereto, except
as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 5. That hereafter there shall be two regular
stated terms each year of the district court of the
United States in and forthe eastern district of Mis-
souri, commencing on the first Mondays, respect-
ively, of May and November, in lieu of those now
fixed by law; and no action, suit, proceeding,#or
process in said court shall abate or be rendered in-
valid by reason of this act, but all of the same, not
previously disposed of or otherwise provided for by
special order of said court, shall be deemed returna-
ble to, pending, and triable at the next term of said
district court established by this act which may be
neld after this act takes effect: Provided, however,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed to
rspeal the powers heretofore granted for ordering
speciaJ or adjourned terms of said court, or the
powers and duties of the judge of said court in
vacation and at chambers.
Mr. FINKELNBURGr. I move that the
amendments of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FINKELNBURGr moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF THE TECHE.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 1150) to define the limits
of the collection district of the Teche, in the
State of Louisiana, and for other purposes, be
taken from the Speaker's table and passed.
Tbe bill was read. It provides that all that
portion of the State of Louisiana described as
follows, to wit, commencing at the town of
Plaquemme, in the parish of Iberville ; thence
down the western bank of the Mississippi
river to the town of Donaldsonville, in the parish
of Ascension ; thence down the Bayou La-
fourche, and along its bank to the sea; thence
westerly along the coast, including all the
islands, bays, &c., to the mouth of the Sabine
river; thence up the Sabine river, and along
its eastern bank to a point due west from the
town of Plaquemine, and thence to the place
of beginning, shall be constituted and created
the collection district of the Teche. The
second section provides that the collector of
the district shall reside at Brashear, in the
parish of St. Mary, which is made the port of
entry of the collection district of the Teche,
and shall be entitled to receive a salary of
$1,000 yearly, the salary to cover all expenses
to the United States for house rent and storage.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
Mr. SHELDON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONVENTION WITH VENEZUELA.
Mr. PACKARD. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the
stipulations of the convention with Venezuela
of April 25, 1866, and the payment of the
adjudicated claims, with an amendment by the
Senate, be taken from the Speaker's table,
and that the amendment of the Senate be
concurred in.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
Strike out all after the word " Venezuela" in line
five to the end of the bill.
The amendment of the Senate was concur-
red in.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senate
•was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed-to.
evening session.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the consent of the
House that a session may be held for debate
only this evening, beginning at half past seven
o'clock. The Delegates from the mining sec-
tions of the country desire very mueh to pre-
sent some views in regard to the local interests
which they represent, and which it is impossi-
ble now for them to present in the ordinary
course of business.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that the
object of the meeting proposed for this even-
ing is to discuss the Stitro tunnel. Now, the
Sutro tunnel is in the morning hour, and I
have the floor on it when it comes up.
Mr. BANKS. There is no morning hour
now. I move that the rules be suspended and
that the order I have indicated be made.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof, ) and an evening session
was ordered.
report of smithsonian institution.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following con-
current resolution, with reference to the joint
Committee on Printing:
Beaolved. (the Senate concurring,) That twenty
thousand additional copies of the report of the
Smithsonian Institution forthe year 1872 be printed
and stereotyped; five thousand of which shall be for
the use of the Senate, ten thousand for the use of
the House, and five thousand for the use of the Insti-
tution : Provided, That the number of pages of said
report shall not exceed four hundred and fifty, and
that there shall be no illustrations except those fur-
nished by the Smithsonian Institution.
The resolution was referred to the joint
Committee on Printing.
atchison, t0peka, etc., railroad.
Mr. DUNNELL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Public Lands to report the
bill (H. R. No. 3743) granting the right of way
to the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F£ rail-
road, and to ask unanimous consent that the
same be now put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Atchi-
son, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railroad Company,
a corporation organized under the laws of
Kansas, to extend its road from the west line
of the State of Kansas to Puebla, in the Terri-
tory of Colorado, with the right to build a
branch road from a point on its main line, in
a southwesterly direction, on the most prac-
ticable route, to San Felipe, on the Rio Grande
river ; and the right of way through the public
lands be granted to the company. The right
of way granted to the company is to the extent
of one hundred feet in width on each side of
said road where it may pass over] the public
lands; and there is also granted to the com-
pany all necessary ground, not to exceed twenty
acres at each station for every ten miles of
road, for station buildings, workshops, depots,
machine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-
tables, water-stations, &c. And when it may
be necessary to use material from the public
lands for the construction of the road, it may
be done; but no private property shall be taken
for the use of the company in the Territory,
except in the manner now provided by the laws
thereof relative to the taking of such property
for like uses, and in which manner it may be
done, with compensation to the owners, as
provided.
The second section provides that the com-
pany shall have power to mortgage, in the
usual manner, its franchise, road-bed, and all
property of every kind belonging to the com-
pany in the Territory of Colorado, to an
amount not exceeding $25,000 per mile for the
entire length of the road in the Territory, upon
such terms as may to the company seem best,
and upon the mortgage may issue mortgage
bonds not to exceed the same amount per
mile : but in no case shall the United States
be liable in any manner whatever for any
act or. thing done by the company ; provided
that the company shall locate its road within
one year from the passage of this act, and
shall complete the road within ten years there-
Mr. RANDALL. I will not object if the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Doxnell]
consents to make the limit of the grant for
stations, buildings, &c., ten acres instead of
twenty acres at each station.
Mr. DUNNELL. This is what has been
allowed in all previous bills of this character
which have been before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman will not
consent to make that change, I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill can only be passed under a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. DUNNELL. Then I move that the
rules be suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to another point. This bill
does not give to the Territory through which
the road is extended any power to regulate this
corporation. The misfortune to be appre-
hended here is that we will have a number of
corporations, created by certain States, pass-
ing through other States and Territories, and
put entirely above and beyond their control.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will say to the gentle-
man and to the House that we have passed
during this Congress a large number of bills
precisely like this. In this bill we have cut
down the amount of land granted, so as to
comply with the legislation that has already
been had upon other bills granting rights of
way. I can see no reasonable objection to this
bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Am I to understand that
the friends of the bill object to my amendment
to strike out " twenty acres" and insert "ten
acres," which is quite sufficient for all depot
purposes
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman admit
the amendment.
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not.
The question was put on suspending the
rules; and on a division there were—ayes 52,
noes 28 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dunnell and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 99, noes 27.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DUNNELL. I have a proviso here
which I think will obviate all objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate, and I
ask for the reading of that rule of the House
(I do not- remember its number) in reference
to members on a question in which they are
personally interested. I desire to raise the
point of order that gentlemen who are in-
terested in this bill cannot vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. Upon whom does the
gentleman raise the point of order?
Mr. HOLMAN. On the president of the
road.
The SPEAKER. Who is the president of
the road ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. TwiCHELL] is; if
not, he is a large stockholder in the road.
Mr. RANDALL. And if he should not
vote he certainly should not lobby here.
Mr. TWICHELL. This is a separate cor-
poration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
the time to raise the question is when the
gentleman from Massachusetts votes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will reserve the point
then.
Mr. COX. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry.
I made this point once on a gentleman from
Pennsylvania, (Mr. Morrell,) in reference to
Bessimer steel, and it was held by the Chair
at that time that it was too late to raise tbe
point of order when the gentleman had voted.
The SPEAKER. By the present occupant
of the chair?
Mr. COX. I am not prepared to say.
Mr. SPEAKER. Probably the occupant
