1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157?
of the chair ruled that the roll-call could not
be interrupted.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the House was
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union at the time.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair had noth-
ing to do with it.
Mr. COX. I did not say he had; but when
can the point of order be made?
. The SPEAKER. As it was made during
the roll call the other day by the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] on the ques-
tion in relation to the pay of members whose
seats were contested.
Mr. COX. You cannot interrupt the roll-
call.
The SPEAKER. But you can moke the
point of order before the vote is announced.
Mr. HOLMAN. I v.ant a satisfactory un-
derstanding about this matter. If the power
to mortgage is stricken out, and the land grant
reduced to ten acres, and the amendment of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell]
is adopted, I think there will be no further
objection to the bill.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Is this the same
road in which Mr. Horton of Kansas, the
agent of the inculpated Kansas Senator, is
interested ?
Mr. DUNNELL. I will accept the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] to strike out
"twenty " and insert " ten. "
Mr. WILLARD. I hope the gentlemai) will
strike out the last section, which allows a
mortgage to be put upon the road before a
dollar of the capital is paid in.
Mr. DUNNELL. I would be willing that
a provision should be inserted in the bill that
the road shall not be mortgaged until twenty
miles of the road have been built. I offer
this amendment:
Provided, That said corporation shall at all times
be subject to the general railroad laws of any State
through which it may pass.
Mr. SPEER. Did not the House pass a
general bill on this subject ?
Mr. DUNNELL. The House did ; but Con-
gress has not passed it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think we ought not to
allow the right to mortgage at all.
Mr. SHANKS. I would ask whether the
committee have investigated whether this road
would pass through any Indian reservation ?
Mr. DUNNELL. That matter has been
investigated ; and it does not pass through any
Indian reservation.
Mr. TWICHELL. The amendment for-
bidding a mortgage would defeat the building
of the road entirely.
Mr. SPEER. Let the bill as modified be
read.
The bill as modified was read.
Mr. WILLARD. I perceive by the reading
of this bill that, even as modified, there is no
limitation upon the power to mortgage, except
a limitation upon the amount of road.
Mr. BURCHARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell]
that he modify the bill in that portion relating
to the power of States over this road by in-
serting the words " and Territory so that it
shall meet all the requirements.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman to
admit a motion to strike out the mortgage
clause.
Mr. DUNNELL. I cannot consent to that.
- Mr! HOLMAN. Will not the gentleman
allow the House to vote upon that proposition ?
Mr. TWICHELL. Allow me to say that
this company has built three hundred and
thirty-five miles of road in nine months. They
are now within sixty miles of Fort Lyon in
Colorado Territory. This bill, if it passes,
will carry them that sixty miles to Fort Lyon
and ninety miles beyond. This road has not in
any case issued a mortgage until a section of
twentv miles has been built and equipped.
Mr." RANDALL. I will inquire of the gen-
tleman what is the amount of the land grant
under which this road has built this three hun-
dred and thirty-fiye miles ?
Mr. TWICHELL. Theamouotof the grant
is five sections a mile on each side of the road,
being the odd sections for ten miles.
Mr. HOLMAN. Making an aggregate of
about three million acres.
Mr. TWICHELL. This bill does not pro-
pose to give them any lands whatever, except
the amount necessary for stations, &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. I again ask the gentleman
to consent that a motion be made to strike out
the mortgage clause. I protest against giving
the property of the United States to be mort-
gaged by a corporation.
Mr. TWICHELL. I will consent to an
amendment that no portion of the road shall
be mortgaged which has not been first com-
pleted, and then only in sections of twenty
miles.
Mr. COX. I understand that this road has
power to take timber from Government lands
for its use.
Mr. TWICHELL. It will have to go five
hundred miles to get a stick of timber.
Mr. COX. I must say that I have never
seen anything more shameless in my life than
this spectacle of the president of a railroad
company standing up here and urging the
passage of a bill in the interest of his corpor-
ation. Sir, talk about the Credit Mobilier,
national banks, Pacific railroads, or anything
of that sort! Why, sir, I have never seen
anything equal to this since I have been in
Congress. I hope the gentleman will at least
refrain from voting on this bill.
Mr. TWICHELL. Does the gentleman see
any Credit Mobilier in this bill ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell] to
say that he will not admit a motion to strike
out the mortgage feature of this bill?
Mr. DUNNELL. I must object to that.
The question was upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, upon which
the yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire of the
Chair if this bill is modified so as to.strike out
the right of mortgage?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Chair inform
himself 
Mr. DUNNELL.
that right.
The SPEAKER.
It does not strike out
The Chair desires the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
to understand that it is not his business to
inform himself of or to discuss the provisions
of any bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not want to get into
any altercation with the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Nor does the Chair wish
to get into any controversy with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. I made the inquiry for
information.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires
to ascertain what are the provisions of the bill,
he must address himself to the gentleman on
the floor of the House who has charge of the
bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Only through the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman addressed
the Chair directly on that point. The Chair
does not know anything about the provisions
of the bill. If the gentleman desires to ad-
dress. an inquiry to the gentleman who has
charge of the bill-
Mr. RANDALL. No, I propose to address
myself to the Speaker with a view of obtaining
information, perhaps from the gentleman from
Minnesota.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. Now, I ask .if the Speaker
will inquire of the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Dun'Nell] whether the clause 
The SPEAKER. No, sir; the Chair will
not do any such thing. It is not the duty of
the Chair. The Chair recognizes the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] who
desires to address an inquiry to the gentleman
from Minnesota.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist on the
regular order of business.
Mr. DUNNELL. I am ready to answer the
question.
Mr. RANDALL. According to the ruling
of the Speaker I am entitled to ask the gentle-
man from Minnesota this question : whether
he consents to a modification of the bill by
striking out the mortgage clause?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to
debate.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 99, nays 77, not voting 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry. Erasmus W. Beck, Biggs, Austin Blair, Buck-
ley, Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Clarke, Conger, Conner, Crocker, Darrall,
Dawes, Dickey,Donnan, Dox, Duel], Bunnell, Earn es,
Eldredge, Elliott. Esty, Fariyell, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garrett, Giddings, Hambleton, Harmor,
Harper, George E. Harris, Havens. Hays. Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall, Lamport.
Leach, Lowe, McCormicb, Mitohell, Morey, Mor-
phis, Leonard Myers, Negiey, Silas L. Niblaek,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Rainey, John Rogers,
Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sawyer, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoe'maker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith. Snyder, Stoughton, Stowell, St.. John.
Sutherland, Swann, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Tuthill, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace,
Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wil-
son—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur. Boatty, James B. Beck, Bigby, Bingham.
Bird. Braxton, Burchard, Cox, Crobs, Crossland,
Davis, DuBose, Duke, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg,
Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Geu, flolladay, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hale, Hancock, Handley, John T. Har-
ris, Joseph R. Hawley, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,
Kelley, Kerr, King, Lamison, Maclntyre, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McHenry, MoKinney, Mer-
riam. Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Wil-
liam E. Niblaek, Packard, Hosea W.Parker,Potter,
Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Sargent, Shanks,
Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Terry,
Tyner, Opson, Van Trump, Waddell, Walden.Wells,
Whitthorne, Willard, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Bell, James (J,
Blair, JBoarinan, Boles, Bright, Brooks, Benjamin
F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Coburn, Cogh-
lan, Comingo, Cotton, Creely, Critcher, Dodds,
Ely, Forker, Charles Foster, Uoodrich, Halsey,
Hanks, John B. Hawley, Hay, Ketcham, Killinger,
Kinsella, Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, Maynard. Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McJunkin, McKee, McNeely,
Moore, Morgan, Orr, Packer, Peters, Price, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Scofleld. Seeley, Ses-
sions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Snapp, Starkweather,
Sypher.Taffe.Dwight Townsend.Twichell.Vaughan,
Voorhoes, Warren, Whiteley, Williams of New
York, ana Jeremiah M. Wilson—64.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
union pacific railroad.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the report pre-
sented yesterday by the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Wilsou] in reference to the Union
Pacific railroad be printed together with the
evidence.
The motion was agreed to.
printing 01' aguiguwuiial report.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended and that the House
re&olve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Price] has been holding the
floor for some time to present a privileged
report from the Committee on Printing. The
Chair will recognize the gentleman from Ohio
after this question is disposed of.
Mr. PRICE. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Printing I report back without
recommendation the following:
lUsolvcd by the Bouse of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring.) That there be printed, of the
annual reportof the Commissioner of Agriculture of
1872, two hundred and fifty thousand extra copies;
ono hundred and eighty thousand of which shall be
for the use of the House, fifty thousand for the use
of the Senate, and twenty thousand for distribution
by the Commissioner of Agriculture,
