1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
42d Com....3d Sess.
provisions of the eighth section of the act ap-
proved June twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one," being for
the examination of titles, surveys, plats, and
appraisement, forming the basis of the pur-
chase by the United States of squares num-
bered six hundred and eighty-seven and six
hundred and eighty-eight, in the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, the sum of seven
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as is
necessary, is hereby appropriated.
MISCELLANEOUS.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay Zebulon B. Sturges, assistant secretary to
sign patents of public lands for the President,
for the months of June, July, August, aud
September, eighteen hundred, aud seventy-
two, five hundred dollars.
To pay Alexander Lynch for services ren-
dered by him as clerk of the select committee
>to inquire into matters connected with the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, the Credit
Mobilier, appointed pursuant to House reso-
lution of January sixth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, four hundred dollars.
To pay John G. Merritt for services as mes-
senger of the Senate from July first, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, to July first, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-three, as authorized
by resolution of the Senate passed June tenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, fourteen
hundred and forty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay John W. Wright for rent of building,
under lease dated May twentieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy, thirteen thousand five
hundred dollars; to ^nable the_Secretary of
the Interior to pay John W. Wright for build-
ings, under lease dated June second, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy, two thousand six
hundred dollars; and to pay John W. Wright
and Thomas Lewis for rent of buildings, un-
der lease dated Jane second, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, one thousand five hundred
dollars, mating the total sum of seventeen
thousand six hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Pensions to
employ certain temporary clerks in his office
for the remainder of the current fiscal year,
twelve thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine
dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the construction of a wagon-
road, by which supplies may be transported
from a point on the Northern Pacific railway,
in the State of Minnesota, known as Red
Lake Crossing, to the Red Lake branch of
the agency for the Chippewa Indians of the
Mississippi, five thousand dollars.
INDIAN BUREAU.
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to transfer from the
proceeds of sale of the Osage Indian lands in
Kansas, made in accordance with the twelfth
section of the act of Congress approved July
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and seventy, the
sum of one million six hundred and fifty thou-
sand six hundred dollars, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, to pay for lands pur-
chased by the Osages from the Cherokees, and
to place the same on the books of his Depart-
ment to the credit of the Cherokee Indians,
the same shall bear interest ai.tho rate of fi-x
per cent., in accordance with the act of Con-
gress approved June fifth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, entitled "An act to confirm
to the Great and Little Osage Indians a res-
ervation in the Indian territory," and the
acts of Congress and treaties therein men-
tioned aud referred to, whenever the amount
to be so transferred shall be certified to the
said Secretary of the Treasury by the Sec-
retary of the Interior: Provided, That noth-
ing herein contained shall be construed as
in any manner changing the provisions of sec-
tion four of the act "making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-four, and for other purposes."
For this amount, to be paid to the Osage
Indians, being interest at five per centum per
annum, in accordance with section twelve of
the act approved July fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, upon the net avails of Osage
trust and diminished reserve lands sold by the
United States prior to November first, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, one hundred and
five thousand seven hundred and twenty dollars
and seventy-one cents.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to make up deficiency in the
appropriation for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
for the subsistence and support of " Sioux of
different tribes, including Santee Sioux in the
State of Nebraska, aud Poncas in the great
Sioux reservation, and families of Santeo
Dakota Sioux, who have taken homesteads at
or near Flandreau, in Dakota Territory,"
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the following amounts, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to meet deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three: for the general incidental expenses of
the •Indian service in California, ten thousand
dollars; in Utah, ten thousand dollars; in
Nevada, ten thousand dollars ; in Dakota, five
thousand dollars ; and in Montana, five thou-
sand dollars; amounting, in all, to forty thou-
sand dollars.
For fulfilling treaty with the Menomonee
tribe of Indians, being an amount erroneously
carried to the surplus fund, for fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred aud
seventy-one, seven thousand four hundred and
eighty-nine dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be required, for the purchase from the Missis-
sippi bands of Chippewa Indians one township
of land in the White Earth reservation in
Minnesota, for the use and benefit of the P,em-
bina band of Chippewas, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to aid and assist the Chippewas
of the Pembina band in establishing themselves
upon the White Earth reservation in Minnesota,
ten thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to meet the deficiency in the
appropriation for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
to subsist and properly care for the Apache
Indians in Arizona and New Mexico, who
have been, or may be, collected on reservations
in New.Mexico and Arizona: Provided, That
this appropriation shall be expended only in
behalf of those Indians who go and remain
upon said reservations, and refrain from hos-
tilities, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
The Secretary,of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to transfer from the proceeds of
sales of public lands, one hundred and seventy-
four thousand five hundred and forty eight
dollars and eighty-three cents to the credit of
the appropriation, "Fulfilling treaty with Stock-
bridges—proceeds of land," the aforesaid sum
having been received from the sale of the
Stockbridge and Munsee Indian lands, and
having been erroneously covered into the
Treasury as receipts from sales of public lands.
To enable the Secretary of War, according
to the act upon that subject passed at the
present session of Congress, to pay forexpenses
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in the
Territory of Montana iu the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, to the persons entitled
thereto, the claims reported upon by General
James A. Hardie, under the provisions of
section ten of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government, aud for other purposes, for the
year ending June the thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy," approved July fifteenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy; and for that
purpose there is hereby appropriated, from
any money in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of five
hundred and thirteen thousand three hundred
and forty-three dollars, or.so much thereof as
may be necessary.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the subsistence, civilization,
and care of the Ari'clcare, Gros Ventre, and
Mandau Indians, at Fort Berthold agency,
Dakota, to make up deficiency in the appropri-
ation for the fiscal year euding June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, seventy-
six thousand dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For introduction of shad into the rivers and
lakes of the United States, to be expended
under the United States commissioner of fish
and fisheries, ten thousand dollars.
For a deficiency in the appropriation for
folding documents in the House of Represent-
atives, eight thousand dollars.
To pay llives and Bailey for reporting and
the publication of the debates and proceedings
of the Forty-Second Congress, forty-two thou-
sand dollars.
For the public printing, fifty thousand dollars.
To reimburse S. Wolf, recorder of deeds for
the District of Columbia, for certain books of
record and indexes purchased by him for tho
use of his office in the years eighteen hundred
and seventy-one and eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, one thousand six hundred and
fifty dollars.
To pay the last installment due W. H. Pow-
ell for picture illustrative of Perry's victory,
nine hundred and five dollars.
To pay for five hundred copies of the pro-
ceedings of the international prison reform con-
gress which assembled iu London in July, eight-
een hundred and seventy-two, for the use of tho
commissioner of the United States at said con-
gress, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For repair and improvement of the Con-
gressional Cemetery, to be upended uuder tha
direction of and on vouchers to be approved
by the officer in charge of public buildings and
grounds of the District of Columbia, two thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Board of Health of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to perform the duties imposed
upon them by law, thirty-nine thousand three
hundred dollars.
For completion of the building known as tha
Columbia Hospital for Women: for a steam-
heating apparatus, for remodeling the upper
stories in order to have more rooms, and to ven-
tilate the building properly, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the purchase by the United States ot the
interest of the District of Columbia in the pres-
ent City Hall building in Washington, now used
solely for Government purposes, such sum as
may be determined by three impartial apprais-
ers to be selected by the Secretary of the Inte-:
rior, not exceeding seventy-five thousand dol-
lars, the same to be applied by said District-
only for the erection of a suitable building for
the District offices; and the Governor and
Board of Public Works are authorized, if they
deem it advisable for that purpose, to make
arrangements to secure sufficient land fronting
011 Pennsylvania and Louisiana avenues, be-
tween Seventh and Ninth streets: Provided,
That the Government of the United States
