1873;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
the limes and places of holding the courts, as
to them shall seem proper and convenient.
The fifteenth and last section provides that
all officers to be appointed under this act for
the Territory, who by virtue of the provis-
ions of any law now existing, or which may
be enacted by Congress, are required to give 1j
security for moneys that may be intrusted with !
them tor disbursement, shall give security at
suck time and in such manner as the Secretary
of the interior may prescibe; and that in all j:
appointments herein provided for preference '!
(qualifications being equal) shall be given to
competent members of the Indian nations or
tribes lawfully within the said Territory, the !
object being to encourage them to acquire the
experience necessary for the duties of office i |
and civil government in the Territory. ji
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis- !
souri [Mr. Parker] has charge of the bill
and will state what direction he desires to give
to the discussion of it. {
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman from j
Missouri will allow me 1 would like to ask the '
Speaker a question, and it is when we can be '
allowed to make a motion that the bill lie upon j
the table or else to refer it. I am loth to inter-
fere with any gentleman who desires to speak
upon the subject, but I would like to know
when the privilege will be given to make the
motion which I have indicated. I make this
inquiry, I would say to the Speaker, for the
purpose of economizing the public time. I
hope we shall test the sense of the House
some-time during the day so that we will not
have to waste two days on this bill in case the
sense of the House shall be adverse to its
passage. I do not object, of course, to any
reasonable discussion of the bill, but the idea
of wasting two days in the discussion of a bill
which my judgment leads me to believe the
House is adverse to, at this the last session
of this Congress, and when many appropri-
ation bills are waiting action, would I think
be the height of folly.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I will say in
reply to the gentleman that there are several
gentlemen here who certainly desire to dis-
cuss this bill. After the discussion shall have
gone on for some time I will not object to
the motion being made which the gentleman
indicates.
Mr. RANDALL. Do I understand that the
gentleman will allow me now to move that the
bill do lie apon the table ?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. No, sir; I
object to that
Mr. MORGAN. I would suggest to the
gentleipan. from Pennsylvania that a distin-
guished member of the House who advocates
the passage of this bill has prepared himself
for the discussion of the question, but is un-
avoidably absent to-day; he will be here to-
morrow, and I hope no action will be taken by
the House .which would deprive him of an
opportunity of expressing his views.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I would like to
move that the consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I object to
that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is entitled to the floor, and he will state
whether he yields it or not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not. desire
to interfere in any way with the arrangement
for debate on this bill; but I would like, if
possible, to save to-morrow for the consider-
ation of an appropriation bill, in case the
House is so adverse to this bill as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
seems to think, In that case I wish the gen-
tleman could so arrange that a vote should be
taken in some form to-day or early to-morrow
morning.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I think we
will have no trouble upon that point after the
discussion has gone ou at some length.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is but
: appropriation bill now before the Senate,
one we sent them to-day. Unless we can
one
the on
send another very soon they will be out of
work.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to express the
hope, with the consent of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Parker,] that there will be
somewhat elaborate debate allowed upon this
bill. The question is an important one ; it is
the opening of a new system of government
for the Indians. I think it would be well to
get its merits before this House and the coun-
try, so that if there shall be no final action
had during this session, the public will under-
stand it and look for action at the hands of
the next Congress.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say a word or
two here. I have given some attention to the
subject embraced in this bill. I agree with
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] that there are points of law and of
public policy embraced in the bill and pre-
sented by it to the House of extreme interest
and importance. I also agree that they are
by no means free from difficulty or doubt.
So far as I am personally concerned I desire
to be heard by tne House at some though not
great length in advocacy of this bill, not in
all its details, but in defense of the propriety
of the Federal Government now inaugurating
the poliey of organized governments over all
these Indians. I want to interfere with no
question of property.
Mr. KELLEY. For once the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and myself will
probably be found upon the same side.
Mr. KERR. That almost shakes my faith
in the correctnessof my position. [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. Those of as who do not
believe that this bill is correct in policy or
practice, who«do not believe that the faith of
the Government should be overthrown, also
desire an opportunity to be heard in opposition
to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires the
attention of the Home for a moment. What
remains of to-day and to-morrow after two
o'clock, by order of the House, is to be devoted
to the consideration of this bill. The gentle-
men of the committee from which the bill is
reported will please make arrangements by
which various gentlemen desiring to speak
shall be accommodated in their time, or else
have some rule of limited time provided, less
than the hour rule, by which the Chair can
carry out the arrangement. The Chair would
prefer that the gentlemen of the committee
will do it, for under the regular hour rule but
three or four gentlemen can be heard.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. There are one
or two gentlemen who have looked into this
question very thoroughly, and they have already
requested of me from thirty to forty minutes
time each. I am willing to accord to the
friends and the opponents of this bill an equal
division of the time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
is entitled to the floor at present.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer an amendment.
Mr.- PARKER, of Missouri. I do not de-
sire to yield the floor, but I am willing that
the amendment shall be considered as pending.
Mr. SHANKS. I would rather the amend-
ment should not come in now. I hope that
only discussion will be had now, ana while
the subject of discussion was being arranged I
did uot intend to say a word. But I am in-
structed by the Committee on Indian Affairs
to ask the House not to act upon this bill until
it has first been considered by that committee.
I must ask that in behalf of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Parker]
to be willing that the amendment shall be con-
sidered as pending.
Mr. DODOS. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Parker] to allow me to offer
an amendment.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I am willing
that it shall be considered pending.
Mr. SARGENT. Let them all be printed
so that we can see what they are.
The SPEAKER. They will be ordered to
be printed, if there be no objection, and con-
sidered as pending in the order offered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose that these
amendments will not preclude a motion here-
after to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. Not at all; they will
have no effect upon that question whatever.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
expect to detain the House but a very feW min-
utes, and but for some misconception that there
seems to be in the public mind and in the minds
of members of this House in regard to the nature
of this bill, I would not detain the House at
all. There seems to be an impression in the
minds of some members that this is a propo-
sition to open this Indian territory to white
settlement; that it is a proposition to deprive
the Indians who inhabit that territory of the
title, whatever it may be, to their lands. There
is nothing of the kind in the terms of this bill;
nothing of the sort is contemplated either by
the letter or the spirit of its provisions, as I
understand them. The only proposition con-
tained in it is to give to the people of that
country a territorial government similar in
form, as nearly as it can be made, to the other
territorial governments which have been estab-
lished by the Congress of the nation.
It is objected upon the part of the opponents
of this bill that Congress had no such power
as the bill proposes we shall exercise; and in
the next place that if power of this kind is
under the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try vested in Congress, it is injudicious and
impolitic to exercise it, because it is in viola-
tion of the treaties made with these respective
tribes of Indians in that country. I hold that
the Congress of the nation has the clear and
unquestioned right to pass such a bill as this.
I hold furthermore that the provisions of the
bill do not substantially conflict with the
provisions of the respective treaties that have
been made with these Indian tribes. If these
positions are correct, then there is but one
duty placed before members of this Congress;
and the performance of that duty will turn
upon the question whether it is the policy of
Congress at this time to give to these people a
civil government.
It. is claimed that at least a part of these
people do not desire such a government. It
is claimed that it is not necessary for their
protection and security. There are two classes
of people who, under the laws and the treaties
which have heretofore been made, have a
legitimate right in the country now inhabited
by these Indian tribes. The first class are the
Indians themselves; the next the white men
who may have a right under the laws and
treaties to go into that country.
Now, in discussing this proposition I have
no hesitancy in expressing my belief that the
true interest of all these Indian tribes (which
are now semi-civilized) would ba secured by
their putting themselves in such a position as
to occupy a reasonable portion of territory
and cultivate it as white citizens cultivate their
lands. I believe this would be their true
interest, and I believe their true interest would
further demand that the remainder of their
lands should be dispose^ of by the Govern-
ment in trust for them. While such is my
belief, I do not entertain the opinion that Con-
gress can do this without an express violation
of the treaties, without trampling upon the
treaty provisions which have heretofore been
made with these people. Therefore, nothing
of that kind is sought or attempted by the pro-
visions of this bill; but the question of Indian
titles, whether fee-simple or of less degree, is
left by the bill, as I understand it, as it is left
by the treaties heretofore made with these
tribes.
Now, what necessity is there for the passage
