1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. RANDALL. I do not desire to antag-
onize that resolution, but I would like to
inquire—*-
Mr. BJEATTY. I ask that a letter on this
subject from the Congressional Printer be read.
Mr. HALE. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order,
subject, however, to a suspension of the rules.
Mr. HALE. I understood the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] was on the floor
upon a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Price] had been
recognized, and was actually on the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. The object of my inquiry
is to know whether these books will be printed
in time to be distributed under the franking
privilege.
Mr. BEATTY. The reading of the letter
of the Congressional Printer will answer that
inquiry I ask that it be dow read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office of the Congressional Printer,
Washington, February 12,1873.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your favor of this date, inquiring whether the
agricultural report for 1872 can be printed and
ready for distribution (two hundred and fifty-five
thousand copies) by the 1st of next June.
In reply thereto, after carefully considering the
present state of the office and its facilities, I am con-
strained to say that I regard it a physical impossi-
bility .to accomplish the work referred to, in con-
nection with that already in hand, by the time
named, it allowing only a fraction more than three
and a half months if the copy was ready for the
Printer at this moment: and you may safely calcu-
late that the entire copy will not be ready for the
Printer before the 1st proximo. The last edition of
the agricultural report, the same number of copies
of the edition in question, was put to press June 17
and completed October 14, so far as the printing was
concerned, that being the shortest time ever before
known in accomplishing that work. To do this the
press worked on it every day, Sundays excepted.
The binding cannot be commenced until the print-
ing is completed, and then, with the binding facil-
ities of this office, if applied exclusively to the work,
it is not possible to bind and deliver more than seven
thousand copies per day, requiring at least thirty-
three working days for the binding. In the mean
time the Compendium of the Census, (one hundred
thousand copies of nine hundred pages each,) now
in hand, must be completed at as early a day as
possible, unless otherwise directed by Congress.
You may add to this several other works already
ordered and in process of printing, to say nothing of
the current work of Congress and the. Executive
Departments, all of which is constantly pressing
upon the resources of the office.
For these reasons I am forced to the conclusion
that it is not possible for the Government Printing
Office, with its present facilities, to complete the
agricultural report for 1872 in the time named if it
was entirely free to apply all its resources to that
end.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
A. M. CLAPP,
Congresnional Printpv.
Hon. John Bjsatty, Chairman of Committee on
Printing, House of liepresentatives.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I deem it proper
to say, in reference to an allusion made in the
letter which has been just read to the manu-
script of the agricultural report, that every bit
of it has been ready for more than a month,
and has been waiting the order of this House
to print before being handed over to the
Public Printer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I can be allowed
a few words I should like to address the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire,to
make a parliamentary inquiry. What privi-
lege has this matter ? Does it yield to a sus-
pension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. A privileged question is
subject to a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
that the rules be suspended and that the House
go into Committee of the Whole for the consid-
eration of the special order. I will not, how-
ever, press that motion if this matter can be
disposed of without debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope this matter
will be delayed until it can be seen what
action tho_ House will take on the present
appropriation bill. Permission was given a
week or two ago for an amendment to be
moved to the sundry civil appropriation bill
which should put a stop to printing for gratu-
itous circulation. It is proposed to move an
amendment to that by which it shall be pro-
vided that the printing may be done and the
books afforded at a price not to exceed their
actual cost. But as the franking privilege is
abolished from and after the 1st of July next,
and it apears from the letter of the Public
Printer that these books cannot be printed
before that time, of course members can no
longer send or frank them. .
Now, it is well known that, as heretofore,
with regard to the agricultural report, which
is perhaps the most valuable book we have
been in the habit of distributing, thousands
and tens of thousands of people in the United
States who would be glad to get copies of
that work cannot have the privilege because
they are not for sale.
Would it not be better to adopt some plan
by which these books can be printed, as the
Patent Office prints its gazette, by monthly
reports, or some other method, by which
everybody who desired to get them might
obtain the reports, paying the postage charged
and the actual cost of printing? Would this
not be better than the old system of sending
these books to the particular friends of mem-
bers, under which a great many get possessed
of them who do not want them—merchants
and others who lay them away on their shelves
in their closets, and finally sell them for waste
paper?
I grant they are valuable documents and
the farmers want them. And under the plan
I have suggested every man in the United
States who wants one of these- reports, and
can pay the little sum it actually costs, will be
able to get it. As members of Congress can
no longer frauk these books, and of course do
not intend to pay the postage on them out of
their own pockets, they would be distributed
from the office of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, or from whatever office they might be
deposited in.
Mr. DAWES and JSfr. BANKS rose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must regard
this debate as proceeding by unanimous con-
sent, the ohairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations holding the floor to test the sense of
the House by a motion to suspend the rules
on going into Committee of the Whole on the
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. I wish one moment to make
a statement.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must insist
on a vote on my motion. -
The SPEAKER. The Chair will observe
that the moment the Committee of the Whole
rises this resolution will be before the House ;
it is now pending as a privileged report.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I think I
can settle this matter in a moment. I move
to recommit the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I hope that will
not be done ; we shall have no other chance to
bring this matter before the House. If I have
the right, I insist on the passage of the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. If the House shall not
sustain the motion of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, it will proceed
to consider this resolution.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and it was agreed to.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Tyn-er in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 3921) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose last evening there was pending the fol-
lowing amendment, offered by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale:]
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain
by purchase, or to obtain by condemnation in the
courts of the State of Massachusetts, all that lot or
parcel of land lying easterly of the present site of
the new post office in Boston, and bounded by said
site—Water street, Congress street, and Milk street—
upon the lines of said streets as they are now estab-
lished or may hereafter be established by due pro-
cess of law: Provided, That no money appropriated
for that purpose shall be used or expended in the
purchase of said site until a valid title thereto shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the State
of Massachusetts shall cede its jurisdiction over the
same, and shall duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site and the property of the United States that
may be thereon during the time that the United
States shall be or remain the owner thereof: And
provided further, That the Secretary of the Treasury
shall make no purchase of land under the pro-
visions of this act unless and until the city of Bos-
ton shall widen Congress street, along the proposed
new front of said building, to at least a width of
eighty feet, and Milk and Water streets, where the
buildings have been destroyed by Are, to a width of
at least sixty feet.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] had appealed from the decision of the
Chair ruling this amendment in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw that
appeal; but I desire to make another point of
order, and it is that this amendment is a bill
now pending in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SARGENT. This is offered as an
independent amendment, and if it is before the
House in another shape that makes no differ-
ence.
Mr. HALE. What is the point of order of
the gentleman from Illinois ?
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
that the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maine is a bill now pending in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that true?
Mr. HALE. It is not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
by the Clerk that it is not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, being cor-
rected as to the fact, I withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, this proposi-
tion for buying increased lands for the post,
office building in Boston grows out of an in-
vestigation which demonstrated to the commit-
tee that the increased wants of the post office
service in Boston demanded this extension. It
would take too long for me to go over the
figures showing the increased 'business of the
Boston post office. I simply state that a pro-
longed investigation resulted in this conclu-
sion. A bill came from the Senate in favor of
this extension, and it is now before the com-
mute in a modified form.
Now, let me say that this amendment con-
tains a proposition that if these additional
lands are bought and paid for, the streets about
the building and the lot shall be widened ; and
the reason for that, in brief, is this: the dis-
astrous and overwhelming fires in this country
during the last two years have settled one
thing, and that is, that in the event of such
tremendous fires the only protection to valua-
ble structures, whatever they may be built of,
is in wide spaces around the structure. Granite
will melt. There is no stone, no material, that
will hold out against the fiery and devastating
flames; and men who have investigated the
subject say that the only protection for val-
uable public works to be built hereafter is in
having wide streets around the building ; and
then, when a lire breaks out, there is oppor-
tunity for protection,for resistance,for steamers
to be placed in front, and thus check the de-
vastating element. It is the opinion of the'
organ of the Government in the Boston post
office,_ under whom this building will be occu-
pied, if he continues to hold his place, that the
spaces around this building should be widened
for the protection and in the interest of the
Government.
That is the reason why this amendment is
offered. It is to protect the Government in
that direction, and that only.
I cannot speak of the details of this matter
as well as the gentleman from Massachusetts
