1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
can. I can only say that for one I am satisfied
that they need all the space that this amend-
ment will give them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to oppose this
amendment. Heretofore the Government
made provision for the erection of a post office
building in Boston. All the land was pur-
chased that was regarded as necessary for that
purpose. A second purchase was made only
about one year ago, I think, of all the addi-
tional land that anybody claimed was wanted.
Now, since the great fire in Boston, the post-
master there, who seems inclined to run
affairs not only in Boston but also in Wash-
ington, comes on here and gets the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to agree to this
proposition.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me to say to the
gentleman that he is in error. No additional
land was bought a year ago, or since the ori-
ginal purchase.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Was there not a
small corner-piece purchased to bring the lot
out to the street?
Mr. SARGENT. Some three years ago
there was a small piece purchased for a drive-
way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, an additional
purchase was made within three years; not for
a driveway, however, but to make the lot sym-
metrical and to bring it out to the "street. We
purchased then all that was asked for. The
building now is nearly completed. All the
money has been appropriated for the build-
ing that was asked for. The building is for
the use of the post office, and I think of the
sub-Treasury. In Boston they have already a
custom-house and a court-house. They do
not want a building for any of those offices,
but only for a post office and a sub-Treasury.
It is now proposed that the Government of
the United States shall spend another half
million dollars to buy another piece of land,
which is entirely unnecessary for the post office
building. The committee of which I have the
honor to be the chairman investigated this
whole matter years ago. We have now land
enough there for this post office building.
But in order to suit the fancy of the postmas-
ter, or somebody else, perhaps, who wants to
put in more granite, or perhaps to get a con-
tract to put up another building on this land,
the Commmittee on Appropriations have been
led to move this amendment. And the amend-
ment is offered, not by anybody from Boston,
not by any member from Massachusetts; but
they go away up into the State of Maine to get.
a member to offer this amendment.
Now, I hold in my hand an article from the
Boston Post, of January 22, 1873 ; and I ask
the Clerk to read a paragraph I have marked,
upon the subject of this very proposition.
The Clerk read as follows:
" But if tho postmaster neglects his duties at
home, it cannot be charged against him that he is
idle at Washington. As he assumes here to be the
sole representative of the Federal Government, so
at Washington he carries himself as the embodiment
of the sentiment and wishes of Boston. Nothing
could be more impertinentthan the authority he has
gained from the House Committee on Appropri-
ations to demand an enormous and destructive
widening of the streets about the new post office as
a condition of extending the buildingovor the whole
block. Having failed before ourstreetcommission-
ers, the postmaster insults the authority as well as
the intelligence of that board by asking Congress to
coerce them into accordance with his views. It
has not been forgotten that General Burt brought on
Mr. Mullett to dispute the surveys and deny the pro-
fessional knowledge of Boston architects and build-
ers, who had anationaJreputationbeforeMr. Mullett
ever sketched an elevatien; and it is evident that a
similar contemptuous treatment is to be applied to
the municipal board of street commissioners. If
General Burt's schemes had the.public interest and
accommodation for their object, it is possible that our
local authorities might take kindly to this offensive
dictation from Washington. Bactheinefficiency and
selfishness that find illustration in the continued
occupation of JFaneuil Hall, and in the notorious
neglect ol conveniences of detail in the furnishing
and equipping of-the post office, forbid him the credit
of even good service. If the postmaster would
kindly allow the city to regulate its own street lines,
to manage its own fires, and to enjoy the use of its
churches and public halls, while he should look more
closely to the convenience of the business public,
supervise the details of his office, and pay some
attention to what rumor reports as very annoying
irregularities, inside his walls, of lock-boxes, neither
the public nor the service could be a loser by the
change."
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend, pro forma,
by striking out the last word. I had no oppor-
tunity before, in the brief time I occupied, to
state fully the situation of this lot. As it
stands now it fronts on Devonshire street,
Water street, and Milk street. The rest of the
block, unoccupied in the rear of the present
lot, extends in the direction of Congress
street.
Now, unless some such provision as this
shall be adopted, any kind of building, whether
of wood, or iron, or of whatever material, may
be allowed by the regulations of the city of
Boston, may be erected on the rest of this
block, and may be run close up to the rear of
this Government structure, thus rendering it
liable to be destroyed at any time when an
other great fire shall break out there.
This amendment proposes to purchase the
remainder of the block, so as to carry this lot
out till it covers the whole block between the
four streets—Congress, Devonshire, Water,
and Milk streets—making it, as I said before,
protected by the ample space, and also by the
streets around about it which shall be widened.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to oppose the
amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I would like to have the
amendment read.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment is to strike out the last word. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The original amend
ment proposes an appropriation of half a mil-
lion dollars to buy some more land adjacent to
the Boston post office, it being required as
condition that the city of Boston shall change
the location of certain streets and widen them.
Mr. POTTER. Then the appropriation will
not be effectual unless Boston assent to that
condition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Exactly. I have
caused to be read from the Clerk's desk an
editorial from the Boston Post, opposing this
whole thing, and showing the impertinence
of the Boston postmaster in interfering in this
matter.
Now it is said that the measure is a neces-
sary one, in order to protect this Government
building. Why, sir, we are erecting a build-
ing there at a cost of nearly $3,000,000. Why
are we expending so much ? To make it fire-
proof. There is a large court on one side of
the post office, and no buildings can be erected
so as to abut against this post office building;
they cannot come near it. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hale] says that the people
of Boston might put up wooden structures
there. Why, sir, if the people of Boston
desire to burn down their post-office they can
set it on fire.
Mr. HALE. It is our post office, not theirs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is theirs in this
sense; that it is very much for their accom-
modation, though we pay for its erection. Now,
it is not to be presumed that the people of Bos-
ton are going to burn down this building, and
it is not to be presumed that they are going to
allow combustible buildings to be put up along-
side of it.
Mr. HALE. Boston has had some experi-
ence in fires during the last year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; but this post
office building was not burned.
Mr. HALE. It was damaged.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Damaged! Yes;
and will be damaged of course by any fire near
it, for the smoke will rush against it and dis-
color the walls. Heat so intense as was expe-
rienced in the recent fire there may also dam-
age it; and this may happen though the adja-
cent buildings are not nearer than forty rods.
When we pay $3,000,000 for the erection of a
fire-proof building, and when gentlemen come
in here, and propose that we shall pay another
half million dollars, in order to put other
buildings further away from the Government
structure than was provided for in the original
bill; and when it is impertinently urged that
we shall do this, while at the same time requir-
ing the street commissioners of Boston to make
certain alterations in their streets which they
do not desire to make, I say we ought not to
do it. There is no reason or common sense
in it. It is simply an appropriation of half a
million dollars to buy some more land, so that
somebody may make more money by piling
some more granite on that post office.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the amendment. I desire to state to the
House one or two facts, one of which will
explain the article from the Boston Post
which has been read.
When the great conflagration recently swept
over Boston, the post office, constructed of
granite and iron, stood as a barrier in the way
and stopped the progress of the flames. But
for that our sub-Treasury would have gone,
the office of the Boston Post would have gone;
and how far the fire would have extended no
one can tell. The post office building was
largely damaged on account of the imprudence
of the firemen, who, when some stages around
the building caught fire, threw water upon
them, and at the same time, to some extent,
upon the building. Water applied to hot
granite will crumble it; but fire alone does
not injure granite very much, as we know in
New England, where our-fathers, years ago,
used granite for the back logs of their fire-
places.
Now the trouble with the gentlemen who
conduct the Boston Post newspaper is, that if
this amendment be adopted, the city may
require them to move back their building and
cut off sixty feet of it. That is the whole
trouble; on that ground they oppose this
proposition. In taking this ground they are,
I think, a little ungrateful, because by our
Government building we saved their estab-
lishment. But that is a question for the city
of Boston to settle.
If it is apprehended that some one con-
templates a job in this matter, the amend-
ments can be guarded in that respect. But it
was asked, why was not this building made
larger in the first place ? The reason is this :
the estates then adjoining were occupied with
very large and expensive structures; and it
would have taken so much money to obtain a
larger site that it was not thought economical
to undertake it. Therefore we contented our-
selves with a smaller building than would
otherwise have been erected. The result has
proved what might have been foreseen. The
fire injured the Government building to a very
considerable extent. But now, the ground
havmg been burned over, we can buy the
land at a fair price, nay, a cheap price ; for
everybody in that neighborhood, with the ex-
ception of the proprietors of the Boston Post,
who have a personal interest in the matter, is
very much in favor of having the site of the
post office building extend over the whole
square, as it will then stand as a wall against
any future conflagration.
And our city of Boston is going to pay, in
order to widen the streets about this building,
for the very purpose of having a rallying center
where fire cannot come—is going to pay more
than one half the amount, $350,000, which I
have no doubt the land will sell for, which
they are going to throw into streets, and settle
with the abutters for that land: in order, first,
that the post office, in which we are all inter-
ested, where our securities are deposited, and
where the mails are, with so many interests
involved, may be secure; and secondly, iu
