616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
blessings on them ? If it be not true—and it
is claimed by some it is not applicable to these
Indians, that the Inditing have been imposed
upon and debauched by the contact of the
uhite men with them heretofore—then you are
simply-making an argument against our system
of Government. It has not been the influence
. of livil law and civil government that has de-
bauched them. It has been that system we
have pursued heretofore of surrounding them
by a cordon of soldiers, permitting them to
be undt'i' the control of the soldiery and the
mi'itary of the nation, and this horde of thiev-
ing Indian agents which has heretofore preyed
"j these Indians, and not only preyed on them,
_ut on the Treasury of the Government of the
United States. If all these tribes who are so
*ar civilized as to understand and comprehend
what civil law is had civil government long
ago, had been placed in direct relations with
the Government by having a territorial form
of government, with the right to make their
laws, subject to the supervision of Congress,
with the right to administer their affairs under
the forms of law, they would have been much
further advanced and a much more civilized
people than they are to-day.
But the argument is made that these men
are already capable of taking care of them-
selves, and therefore it is not necessary for
Congress to take any such actiou. If they
are capable of takiDg care of themselves they
will be aided therein by conferring on them all
the blessings of government, and by placing
therr. in direct relations with the Government
of the United States. If they are not capable
of attending to their own local affairs now,
then we can aid and strengthen their capacity '
to do so by placiug them under the forms of
civil government. I can see no real objection j
in the world to this bill. While it is asserted ]|
by some, and believed by some that the de- ,j
mauds of civilization are such at this hour |
that we ought to break down the barrier in the -
shape oftrentie.s which separate the whites from >
these people, I do not believe we ought ruth-
le^lv and wantonly to trample on their treaty
right ^conferring on theiu title to their property.
This property was received in exchange for
other property, and I think the good faith of
the nation, the good faith of Congress, and
the Christian civilization of them, all demand
wc should respect their title, and we should
if possible, as 1 believe we will, make them
moie secure by placing them under the con-
trol of this territorial government. It does
not interfere with their title. It does not, as
I construe it, affect them injuriously in any
way.
While it is true the demand of civilization is
very great, while it looks like a hardship so
far as the nation is concerned to give to sev-
enty thousand people a tract of country con-
taining three million acres, more than the
whole of New England, still the previous ac-
tion of the Government of the United States
has been such as to place this title where it
ought not to be touched without just compen-
sation. But if you give these men this civil
government they will soon learn their iuterest
demands that they should live on smaller
bodies of land, and that they will cultivate
them better than they are now cultivating this
vast extent of territory; that they can get along
with much less and be richer men than they
are to-day ; that they will be benefited more
by living on smaller tracts; that they can
afford to part with the other portions of the
lands ; and that they can afford to have the
Government sell for them what they do not
need, the proceeds of the sale to be given to
them; that they will be made in every way
richer by it. Notwithstanding all this may be
the case, this ought to be left as a question of
time to the people of the Indian territory.
When they are satisfied it is their interest,
when they are satisfied they will be benefited
by it, it will be time enough for the Govern-
ment to touch this question of title.
But it is remarked here, and asserted in the
pamphlet placed on the desks of members,
that this is a scheme in the interest of railroads.
I suppose this is the red rag shaken in the face
of members of Congress spoken of yesterday
by tliegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
These railroads hold their grants under acts
of Congress conditioned on the extinguish-
ment of the Indian title. If it be true, as as-
serted by these Indians in this pamphlet, that
their title is held in fee-simple, then I appre-
hend there need be no fear on their part about
it. 1 apprehend there are 110 conditions con-
nected with it. And I apprehend that the
only means there is to extinguish that title is
by procuring their consent. If that be true,
then the passage of this bill in the face of the
decision of the Supreme Court, as thus inter-
preted, strengthens and confirms their prop-
erty rights. And it asserts the sovereign
right of Congress to legislate for these people
as well as for all the people of the other Ter-
ritories.
These railroads, I apprehend, will not be
able to get their grants until the Indian title is
extinguished. There is nothing in this bill,
as reported by the committee, which pro-
poses to extinguish the Indian title. I do not
believe that it so interferes with tribal rela-
tions as to work an extinguishment of it by
that means. I believe that thequestion of title
is left precisely as it was placed by the treaties
of 1866 and those of a prior date, adopted in
1828, 1830, 1833, and 1833; and I believe that
that is an entirely different question from the
one involved in this bill, and that its pro-
visions do not comprise a proposition of that
kind at all.
-Vow I hope, Mr. Speaker, the House, divest-
ed of all prejudice and all passion, will give
this subject that calm and deliberate con-
sideration that its importance demands. The
committee found it a work of great difficulty
to prepare this bill in such a manner as to
have it harmonize with the political provisions
of these treaties. They believe they have
substantially accomplished that. It is de-
manded of this House that they will consider
it fairly and honestly and calmly. I believe
that its passage will be for the benefit of these
Indian tiibes. I believe that its passage will
be for the benefit of those white people who
have the legal right to be in that territory. I
believe that it will have a tendency to civilize
more rapidly this people than any other sys-
tem which has been heretofore adopted. And
I am borne out in that assertion by this rae
morial presented here by the representatives
of the Christian denominations,,who ask that 1
not only these Indians, but all Indiau tribes, ,
shall as rapidly as possible be placed under |
the control of the civil law of this country 1
rather than under the control of the military j
authorities, as they have been heretofore. I |
believe that the true policy with regard to j
these Indians ought to have been for years |
back to bring them together and place them ,
under the control of civil law. Instead of j
having agents to come here to protect their j
interests, let them have a member on this j
floor who can present their desires and their ]
wants to the members of this House and put
them in direct relations with the Government
of the United States. My opinion in this
respect is borne out by the character of all
Indian tribes who have accepted civilization in
States where they have been surrounded by
white men, that they are much further ad-
vanced, that they are much more intelligent,
that they are much nearer the white race
iji point of capacity and intelligence, and in
a knowledge of the arts and sciences, than
are those tribes who have not assimilated
themselves with the white people, and who
have not long since subjected themselves by
their voluntary consent to the civil laws of the
country.
Having made these remarks by way of intro-
duction to the discussion of this bill, I will say
nothing further at present, but yield to the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Conner.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Parker] has now occupied the
whole of his hour, within five minutes.
Mr. CONNER. I desire to have the floor
for about forty minutes. Will the Chair rec-
ognize me for that time in my own right?
The SPEAKER. An arrangement was
made by which, after the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Parker] who reports the bill had
occupied his hour, the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. McKee,] a member of the Com-
mittee on the Territories, should have the next
hour.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. McKEE. I have no objection to the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner] making
his speech now if his time does not come out
of my hour; and with that understanding I
would ask my colleague to withdraw his motion
to adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it would be better
to have gentlemen speak alternately in favor
of the bill and against it. There are many
gentlemen opposed to the bill, who desire to
be heard as well as those favoring it.
The SPEAKER. It is the habit of the
Chair, in debates of this kind, to allow alter-
nately one hour to the advocacy of the bill and
another to the opposition to it. Those op-
posed to this bill will be entitled to the next
hour, unless some arrangement be made by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNER. This is a matter in which
I have taken a great deal of interest, and I
trust, through the indulgence of the House, I
will be permitted to take part in the discussion
either now or before it closes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from Texas proceeding with his re-
marks? The Chair hears none.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
PROTECTION OF BOSTON HARBOR.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, presented a memorial of the
harbor commissioners of the State of Massa-
chusetts, concerning the protection and im-
provement of Boston harbor ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
OKLAHOMA TERRITORY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill with reference to the consolidation of the
Indian tribes in the Territory of Oklahoma.
Mr. CONNER. The Government of the
United States, in all its departments, legisla-
tive, judicial, and executive, have settled the
question as to the legal and rightful power to
legislate for the Indian territory as Congress
may deem proper.
Who will deny that Congress, in 1808, ex-
tended the revenue laws over the Indian terri-
tory in direct violation of the Cherokee treaty
of 1866, and against the earnest protests of
the Indians?
Did Congress have the constitutional power
to do that? The Supreme Court answers in
the affirmative, and to further argue thnt
question is a waste of time. The Supreme
Court in the Boudinot case decided that Con-
gress had abrogated the tenth article of the
Cherokee treaty of 1866, and that the treaty
was no longer an element to be considered.
If any gentleman will but read the decision
of the Supreme Court in thiscaseof Boudinot,
lie will not venture to defend the positions
assumed by gentlemen on this floor during the
discussion of the Indian appropriation bill,
to the effect that the disregard of Indian
treaties by Congress would be a violation of
the Constitution of the United States. Con-
gress has disregarded Indiau treaties, and the
Supreme Court has decided that it is perfectly
competent for Congress to do so. (Sue 11
Wallace, 616, Boudinot's case.) Why did
