1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1581
on the ground to supervise the work. You do
it now in the case of the New York post office.
You have Mr. Hulburd, ail ex-member of Con-
gress, at an expense of ten or twelve dollars
per day, to superintend that work, and yet
you tell me that you are obliged to pursue this
vicious and rotten mode in order to get good
buildings. I desire to put a stop to this rot-
ten and extravagant method of erecting the
buildings which the Government requires.
Mr. PLATT. I do not wish the committee
to decide upon the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
upon the basis of the misstatement in regard
to the cost, of this system which he has, no
doubt, iuadvertently made to the committee,
for they are very extravagantly beyond the
actual facts. If I heard him correctly, he
stated to the committee that the Government
of the United States in this city was paying to
middlemen fifteen per cent, on every item of
cost that enters into the construction of any
public building. He also mentioned the post
office building in New York, and stated that
we are paying fifteen per cent, on the entire
cost of that building. $7,000,000.
Now, let me ask the attention of the com-
mittee to the actual facts in the case. Let
me say that the fifteen per cent, is in no
instance paid on the stone that enters into
the construction of a building, and is paid
on nothing except the cutting of the stone.
And in every instance, under this arrange-
ment, the cutting is in the hands of the same
man, and given to the same man who has the
contract for furnishing the granite; and in
every instance, so far as I know, the man who
furnishes the stone does the cutting under this
arrangement. This has been proven conclu-
sively to be a greatsaving to the Government,
and in this way: it enters into the calculation
of every man who competes for a contract to
furnish granite for the erection of those build-
ings, and he makes his bid the lower on that
consideration. And in furnishing the granite
which is to day being furnished for the Gov-
ernment of the United States for every build-
ing that is now being constructed, so far as I
know, it is done at a lower price than any pri-
vate individual or any corporation in the coun-
try is procuring granite. These men make
their bids the lower m consideration of having
also the contract for cutting the granite and
the fifteen per cent, profit.
Now, under this arrangement the Govern-
ment, in the first place, saves twenty-five per
cent, upon the item of labor taken in this way;
the men employed by these contractors work
under the ten hour system, while those em-
ployed. by the Government work under the
rule of only eight hours (or a day's work.
Nor is it the fact, as asserted by the gen-
tleman, that these men get the fifteen per
cent, as clear profit without taking any risks
whatever. They assume a great many risks,
and there are a great many deductions made
from that fifteen per cent, of profit.
Now, to compare the old system with the
present system, any member of this commit
tee has only to go and examine the public
buildings in this city: the Tieasury Depart-
ment building, for instance, which has been
referred to, and a part of which was erected
under the old system. Let any gentleman
examine the western wall of that building,
which is ready to crumble to pieces, and com-
pare it with the extension which was built
under the new system. Let him compare the
cost of the old portion of that building and its
present condition with the cost of the exten-
sion and its present condition, and he will see
the difference between the .two systems.
Take this Capitol building which has been
alluded to ; the central portion ot this build-
ing was erected under the old system. Anu
yet I assert that to-day it is in a decayed con-
dition, and the stones of which it is built are
kept from crumbling in pieces only by five or
six coats of paint which have been put on
them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
1 am sorry I have not more time.
Mr. DAWES. I will trouble the committee
but a few moments. I came in while the gen-
tlemen from Illinois [Mr. Farmswop.th] was
repeating the old charge whieh he has made
against some gentlemen who are residents of my
own district. At the time he made the charge,
a year or two ago, I took occasion to set the
gentleman right. He now reiterates the charge,
that the same gentlemen are furnishing the
granite for the New York post office iyh-0
furnished the granite for the Treasury build-
ing in this city, and that they are cheating the
Government bow as they cheated it then. Sir,
that is a wholesale denunciation, whieh the
gentleman from Illinois is very much in the
habit of making, and against which I enter my
protest.
Now, the gentlemen to whom, he alludes
were arraigned, I know, in a report made by
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
when he was instructed to investigate another
matter and other officials of the Government,
and they were accidentally drawn in. They
have always felt that an opportunity should
have been afforded them to make a complete
defense. I say this without finding any fault
with the gentleman from California and with-
out any disposition to detract from the fidelity
with which he at that time made his report.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman refers, I
suppose, to the report made in 1802.
Mr. DAWES. Yes. Without any disposi-
tion to find fault with his fidelity at that time,
I must say that those men were accidently
drawn into that matter, without any oppor-
tunity as th^y felt of presenting the facts in
their case, because they were not under invest-
igation at that time. They stood ready then,
they stand ready to-day, to meet any charge
which the gentleman from Illinois or any
other person may make against them as to
their integrity in every contract and every
dealing that they have had with the Govern-
ment. Life-long conlractors with the Govern-
ment, they have maintained their character for
integrity with everybody who knows fully what
they have done. Among their own people,
where they live, where they are known, they
have the entire confidence of the community.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And they
never come here for a relief bill.
Mr. DAWES. As ray colleague says, they
never come here with a relief. They took
their contracts, and they have fulfilled them.
And although I am willing to admit that inci-
dentally these gentlemen were brought into
the report of the gentleman from California,
yet when my friend from Illinois finds no hes-
itation in declaring that they have cheated the
Government I protest that he is abusing the
influence which his statements may have
throughout the country.
Mr. SARGENT. I simply wish to say that
whatever evils were exposed by that report
arose under the contract system ; and I have
been thoroughly convinced ever since that it
was a very dangerous system.
Mr. DAWES. Exactly. Yet these men
fulfill their contracts ; they meet the offers of
the Government when it invites bids. And
when bids were invited for furnishing granite
for a State building, they put in their bids for
Dix Island granite at such terms as they
thought would enable them honestly to carry
out the contract,. Other parties bid below
them and obtained the contract, and they said
"we wish you success." They are honest
and honorable men, and I protest against this
mode of attacking them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
I remember when this bill was up at the last
session, or in the last Congress a similar
amendment to that now pending was proposed
by my colleague, [Mr. Farnsworth,] requir-
ing all money appropriated to be expended in
pursuance of contracts made upon bids duly
advertised for. There sprang up then a long
discussion which I remember very well, from
the fact that I participated in it. The House,
if it adopted any amendment at all at that
time, restricted its operation to buildings to
be constrcted under the control of the Treas-
ury Department.
I remember very well that a number of gen-
tlemeu who took part in the debate gave what
I thought to be good reasons why the system
of bids and contracts should not at all events
be extended to buildings under the control of
the War Department; and that Department
was excluded from the operation of the pro-
vision, with, I think, the consent and approval
of my colleague. There are certainly very good
reasons (which were fully presented at that
time) why such a requirement should not apply
to works under the control of the War De-
partment, even if properly applicable to other
works. But I do not concede that the rule is
a proper one to be applied to any of our pub-
lic buildings; and I hope this amendment will
not be adopted in its present form.
The amendment which my colleague pro-
poses to-day applies to all the public buildings
under the control of all the various Depart-
ments. If I understand him he is dissatisfied
with the manner in which the Treasury De-
partment constructs the buildings under its
control, and for the purpose of reaching that
Department, and especially the Supervising
Architect, who has control of the buildings
erected by the Treasury Department, he pro-
poses this sweeping amendment that shall
embrace all the Departments and all the work
done under their control. I hope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my pro
forma amendment; and I move to amend the
amendment by adding " except buildings in
the city of Washington." I make this amend-
ment merely for the sake ot adding a few
words.
I have not said, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts has quoted me, that the men
who had the contract for the extension of the
Treasury building, and also for the granite
used in the New York post office, were cheat-
ing the Government and are cheating it now.
I said nothing of the sort. I said that, accord-
ing to the report made to this House by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,]
they were cheating the Government then.
The gentleman from California certainly re-
ported to the House at that time that such
was the fact. I remember he showed in his
report, which I can lay my hand on in a mo-
ment, that under the peculiar wording of the
contract, the parties had been able to obtain, in
some cases, more thau $50,000 for a single
stone; this result being reached by a system
of geometrical increase authorized by the
language of the contract.
When the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads investigated concerning the post
office in New York, #e found that the contract
made with these same men for that building
was worded in the same way. We exposed
the fact at the time to the House and to the
Secretary of the Treasury. The provision of
the contract was that for stone of a small size
so much per foot should be paid, and that the
price should increase in a certain proportion
as the stones increased in size. What is the
result? These men of course take measures
to furnish large stones when small ones will
answer just as well. Thus you will find them
putting in huge pieces of granite, which, by
the way, the Government has to box and trans-
port and insure, and then pay fifteen per cent,
upon all these expenses, besides paying for
the granite itself. Thus it is the interest of
the contractors to furnish huge stones, because
they get a huge price for huge stones. They
