618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jariuaiy 15,
at will.'" He further tell us that this policy
of the Cherokee sovereignty, so lauded by the
board of Indian commissioners, " instigated
the brutal murders of the Ridges and Boudinot,
the Starrs, Watie, West, McDaniel, Ragsdale,
and hundreds of other assassinations of prom-
inent men in the Cherokee nation." I quote
again from this important witness, important
because of his attitude to day :
"Was there protection tor life when seventy men
arrested Andrew and George Washington Adair,
twout' the most industrious and respectable citizens
ut the Cherokee uation, and with the coolest de-
liberation shot them to death in presence of their
wives and children; and, after having rifled their
pocket*, mutilated their dead bodies with their
knives'.'
" These seventy assassins were arraigned for
murder and acquitted on a plea of self-defense; and
Bear Paw, their leader, was immediately afterward
promoted by Mr. Ross to the captaincy of one of
his ' light-horse' companies.
"Was theie protection for life or vindication of
the law when a poor, unoffending lad, Walter
Webber, fur no other reason in the world but be-
cause he was a nephew of Stand Watie, was cut to
pieces with knives by a party of John Ross's ad-
herents. who were afterward honorably acquitted
ot all crime by a jury of the same party
But, sir. I have further testimony to offer
from this Cherokee delegate with reference to
the savage cruelties practiced by this Indian
lvu Klux fraternity oil those in their law-abid-
ing country who differed in opinion from the
men in power. Listen while 1 read a few in-
stances which he has noted. The fate of Jesse
Russell, formerly a judge of the supreme court
in the Cherokee nation, is thus recorded:
"A band of Ross'- followers seized and dragged
him to the top of a mountain, stripped him entirely
naked, and amused themselves for hours in cutting
the flesh from his body, actually flaying him alive.
"An old man named Roach (a white man) was
served in the same way.
"A helplessold man, named Dennenberg, (a Union
man, but opposed to Ross,) was assiduous in supply-
ing the necessities of the needy from his mill in
Washington county, Arkansas, close to the Cherokee
line; he was permitted for some time to live in
' peace and security ;' but these patriotio men were
thirsting for blood; so they took the poor old man
out of his mill to a convenient space hard by, and
there enjoyed the luxury of mutilating his body
while yet alive, finally closing the scene by cutting
his throat from ear to ear, throwing his body in
a mud puddle, and trampling upon it with their
horses.
"An old man named George Ward, eighty-four
years of age, a Union man, but a personal friend of
Stand Watie, was dragged from a dying-bed and
tortured to death by the friends and admirers of
Mr. Ross.
" David Vann, formerly the treasurer of the nation,
was taken from his house, and, in the presence of
his wife and daughter, brutally murdered; and
alter the agonized widow and orphan child had,
alone and unaided, buried him trom their sight, his
body was disinterred by these incarnate fiends, the
head severed from the shoulders, and both trunk and
head cast upon a desert prairie, there to be feasted
upon by wolves and carrion birds, and the scattered
bones left to bleach in the unpitying elements.
"The members of this Pin society it was who,
for no crime, tortured a poor old man named Usry
to death—a white man, but a citizen of the Chero-
kee nation. They, with demoniacal glee, literally
cut him to pieces; disjointing his fingers, his toes,
his wrists, his ankles, his knees, hiselbows ; they cut
oil" his ears, plucked out his eyes, and continued their
horrid revel until their victim could plead for mercy
no longer; they it was who murdered our women
and children, and butchered and scalped prisoners
alter their surrender; they, who prowled over the
battle-field of Pea Ridge at the dead hour of
night, when all true warriors were resting from their
•■anguinary strife, when no sounds save the inoans of
the wounded were heard; they, we repeat it, prowled
over the battle-field and scalped the wounded and
dead soldiers of the United .States Army. It was
t-he-ie very men who returned to their nation, and
Air. Ross, their ' honored head,'with their bloody
trophies dangling at their belts, boasting that they
had taken the'scalps from the Yankees.'"
Such i.s the history, Mr. Speaker, of the
Cherokee Ku Klux, called the " Pins," given J
to the world by a prominent member of the
present Cherokee delegation, who is now in I
this city protesting against any legislation by
Congress to give a better government to this
assassin-ridden country. He is willing the
"Pins" should still revel in their horrid
cruelties, so that he but continues to draw his
" ten dollars a day and expenses." I have it
from the best authority that the power of that
murderous " Pin society " still dominates the
Cherokee country ; assassinations and arson go
unwhipped of justice. The true patriots amoug
them, who have done more and are doing more
to advance the Indians in civilization and pro-
gress than any one else, are marked for assas-
sination by the leaders of that infamous organ-
ization.
It is well known that Colonel Boudinot, the
most courtly gentleman through whose veins
courses Indian blood that I have ever met, is
in constant danger of assassination while in
his own country because he has advised the
Cherokees in unanswerable speeches to take
their lauds in severalty and accept a territorial
government such as they have agreed to
accept in the treaties of I860, and such as the
President has recommended. No man can
express his honest sentiments in favor of the
President's policy of a territorial government
without having the hell-hounds of the Pin
society put upon his track.
The impudence of this murderous Cherokee
community is amazing. Only a month or so
ago their legislative council passed a law
making it a penal offense, punishable with
$500 fine, for any Cherokee to employ a white
person as a laborer. Now, sir, the United
States agent has power to grant permits to
white men to remain in the nation as labor
ers for one year on the application of any
Cherokee citizen; but the miserable gang
called the national council makes it a crime
to do what the laws of the United States say is
lawful and right. What have gentlemen who
extol this loathsome despotism called the Cher-
okee government got to say in extenuation of
such sublime folly, ignorance, and cruelly ?
I call attention to the memorial of a prom-
inent Cherokee citizen upon this subject:
To the Congress of the United Staffs :
Your memorialist,, a citizen of the Cherokee na-
tion, respectfully petitions your honorable bodies
for prompt legislation for the better protection of
persons and property in the 1 nilimi territory.
I represent a large liumberot Cherokee? who would
join with inein this petition but for well-grounded
fears of assas-ination by the ignorant tools of those
in power in our nation. No man in my country can
express his honest sentiments in favor of the Presi-
dent's policy of a territorial government over the
Indian territory and a division of the lands in sever-
alty among us without placing himself in imminent
danger of assassination. Under the administration
of our laws we have no protection for life or prop-
erty. The treaties of 1866 authorize Congress to
legislate for the better protection of life and property
in this Indian territory. I assure your honorable
bodies that legislation is necessary, and the sooner
it is done the better for all our people.
ELIAS C. BOUDINOT.
The signer of this memorial is a well-known
citizen of the Cherokee nation ; he has rep-
resented his people on more than one occa-
sion in an official capacity ; he is well known
to many gentlemen on this floor, and his word
will be taken by all who know him in prefer-
ence to the solemn protestations of all the del-
egates the Cherokees may send. This memorial
shows a lamentable condition of Indian affairs
in the Indian territory, and to hesitate to apply
the knife to the evil existing there, by prompt
and effective legislation, would be to perpetu-
ate a great wrong. I have been permitted to
read a number of private letters received
lately by Colonel Boudinot from intelligent
citizens in different portions of the Cherokee
nation ; they were not expected to be made
public, and the authors no doubt would be
assassinated should they be known ; but it is
sufficient to know that they are from truthful,
highly respectable, and industrious citizens of
the Cherokee nation, and that they corroborate
Colonel Boudinot's and my own statements
respecting the reign of terror and bloodshed
that exists in the Cherokee country at this
time.
One Cherokee citizen, writing of the law
passed by the Cherokee council making it a
crime to employ white men, says:
"They might as well pass a law to take away what
property I have; it is useless to me unless I can get
labor from the States, as you well know it is not to
be had in the nation. My farm and all my property
will have to lie idle. I tell you something must be
done or the country will have to be abandoned
by all good citizens and people and delivered over
to the native savageness of the ignorant masses. The
law-making powers are doing all they can to cripple
and discourage everything like enterprise and in-
dustry, and place a premium upon rascality in all its
hues and shapes. I do wish every Representative
in Congress and Senator could but get the true his-
tory of things in this country as they really are ; but
they never will as long as they listen to agents'
reports and to the lies anddeception of interested In-
dian delegations whose aim and interest is to keep tlio
Government and their own people in ignorance."
**********
" For God's sake, if the territorial bill fails, try to
have some law passed by Congress or some instruc-
tions from the proper Department that will give some
relief to the country. I would have signed the
petition to Congress to have our lauds divided in
severalty, but I knew in sodoingl would jeopardize
my life. People have no fears of punishment in
this country for the trifling offense of takingthe lite
of a human being."
This letter is dated December 5, 1872. In
another letter from another person, dated
December 10, 1872, the writer says:
"The Cherokee council passed an act forbidding
the employment of white men under the penalty of
&5U0. Mr. Jones, the United States Cherokee agent,
has been applied to and refuses to interfere. You
know he belongs to the Pin society. This law com-
pletely ruins the agricultural interests of the farm-
ing portion of the Cherokees, and is a direct blow
of the full-blood Pin party against the progressive
party.
" There is a chance for you to increase your popu-
larity, if you can do anything with the Department,
to have Mr. Jones ordered to issue permits, as tins
intercourse laws require him to do. 1 have heard a.
great many men talk, and they put their wholo
dependence in you, for they know the delegation
all belongs to the Pins, and will do all they can to
crush everybody that does not belong to that mur-
derous set. If you are unsuccessful many old heads
of families will suffer, and especially all widows and
orphans."
Another Cherokee, writing a month ago
from Vinita, Cherokee nation, says:
" I heard that Stephens said the other day that the
allotters were spotted—Bell and others. I do not
know what for, except in pursuance of the tinie-
honored Cherokee custom ofmakingthe bestcitizen i
pay with their blood for the misfortunes of the wuiai,
entailed upon them by their own stupid stubborn-
ness. Ross is elected chief, I suppose you know. One
would think he was a loader, but he is not. The powi r
of the Cherokee nation is in the hands of the full-
bloods, who make it dangerous to eo against tin n-
mean prejudices by means of their secret orgunr/. i-
tions. Some say the Pins will fight if the territoi i.il
bill is passed. I do not think they will do anytIn. -t
but murder you and some half dozen other hall-
breeds, which, perhaps, they consider fighting. Tins
Advocate continues to fight the territorial bill, and
praises Ross and Adair as able and patriotic. 1- it
possible for such a brace of demagogues to much
longer deceive the United States Government?"
Another Cherokee, writing on December lti,
says with reference to the anti-white-man law ■
"It is a blow at all progress and enterprise, de-
barring citizens who do want to do somet liing towai d
developing the country from any help whatevei.
and is a tremendous stride toward the blanket and
butcher-knife style. Instead of by proper legisla-
tion encouraging progress and fostering enterprise,
the legislators of the nation appear determined to
afford you the very best arguments in the world for
pressing the passage of a territorial bill. The coun-
try is getting more lawless every day, and crime of
every character goes unwhipped of justice, because
political animosity is so strong that it is impossible
to convict any man by a jury of his own party; and
as most crimes here do have a political origin, the
Cherokee Advocate to the contrary notwithstaml
ing, they are either not prosecuted at all or come
off scot-free, the trial being a mere farce.
"The prejudice against any one whom these Pin
Indians suspect of any liberal views is becoming
more intense every day. It is unsafe for one ot this
class to ride the road by himself unarmed. Several
men have been killed within the last few days, jet
no arrests have been made; in fact, it is almost
impossible to find out anything about such cases,
for men who know are afraid to speak, knowing the
law is powerless to protect them, and they have no
assurance that the accused would be brought to
trial. The truth is. the law is no more to be relied
on here than it would be among the Comanches.
" The progressive and industrious element ot I ho
Cherokees is ready to accept almost any change that
will bring with it security of person and property
and free discussion of material interests ; for theie
is no more perfect despotism as regards the ex pre--
sion of opinions on earth than exists now amour
the Cherokees. I opine that were you to pass through
here now, with the knowledge the people have ot
your liberal opinions, there would not be enough of
you left at the end of the first day's journey to say
grace over."
But, sir, my time will not allow me to go
further into this branch of the subject; enough
has been said to show a disgraceful condition
of lawlessness and crime in this Indian coun-
try which calls loudly for the establishment by
Congress of a government for the "better
