1878.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
At the navy-yard, Pensacola, Florida:
For clerk of store houses, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Mare Island, California:
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineerand store-clerk,
one thousand four hundred dollars each ; and
time-clerk, one thousand two hundred dollars;
in all, five thousand six hundred dollars.
Naval Academy.
For pay of professors and others:
One professorof mathematics, two thousand
five hundred dollars; four professors, namely,
of mathematics, (assistant,) of French, of
chemistry, and of ethics and English studies,
at two thousand two hundred dollars each ;
twelve assistant professors, namely, four of
French, one of Spanish, three of ethics and
English studies, one of mathematics, one of
astrouomy, and two of drawing, at one thou-
sand eight hundred dollars each ; sword-master,
at one thousand two hundred dollars, and two
assistants, at one thousand dollars each ; box-
ing-master and gymnast, one thousand two
hundred dollars ; assistant librarian, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars, three clerks to su-
perintendent, one at one thousand two hundred
dollars, one at one thousand dollars, and one
at eight hundred dollars ; clerk to command-
ant of midshipmen and clerk to paymaster, at
one thousand dollars each ; apothecary, seven
hundred and fifty dollars; commissary, two
hundred and eighty-eight dollars; messenger
to superintendent, six hundred dollars ; cook,
three hundred and twenty-five dollars and fifty
cents ; armorer, five hundred and twenty-nine
dollars and fifty cents ; quarter-gunner, four
hundred and nine dollars and fifty cents ; gun-
ner's mate, four hundred and sixty-nine dollars
and fifty cents; cockswain, four hundred and
sixty-nine dollars and fifty cents; three sea-
men, in departments of seamanship, at three
hundred and forty-nine dollars and fifty cents
each ; band master, five hundred and twenty-
eight dollars ; eighteen first-class musicians, at
three hundred and forty eight dollars each;
seven second-class musicians, at three hundred
dollars each; twodrummersandonefifer, (first-
class,) at three hundred and forty-eight dollars
each ; in all, fifty-eight thousand five hundred
and seventy-six dollars.
For pay of watchmen and others, thirty
thousand six hundred and fifty-nine dollars
and fifty cents.
For pay of mechanics and others, seventeen
thousand four hundred and sixty-one dollars
and ninety cents.
For pay of employ6s in the department of
steam-enginery, for machinists, boiler makers,
and others, eight thousand seven hundred
and sixty dollars.
For repairs and improvements of public
buildings, and for repairing the wall inclosing
the Academy, fourteen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses, sixty-four thou-
sand dollars.
That from and after the thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, the
term of the classes in the Naval Academy at
Annapolis shall be six years, instead of four,
as now provided by law, and this provision
shall first apply to the class entering the
Academy in the year eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, and to all subsequent classes.
Hereafter the course of instruction for cadet
engineers shall include two years of service in
naval sea-steamers in addition to the period
at the Naval Academy now provided by law:
Provided. That engineer officers graduated at
the Naval Academy shall take precedence with
all other officers with whom they have relative
rank, according to the actual length of ser-
vice in the Navy. Chief engineers having the
same rank as medical and pay directors and
inspectors shall, when at sea, have the same
pay; that naval officers subject to examination
before promotion to a grade limited in num-
ber by law shall not be entitled to examina-
tion in such a sense as to give increase of pay
until designated by the Secretary of the Navy
to fill vacancies in the higher grade; and
officers eligible for promotion to a grade not
limited in number shall not be entitled to ex-
amination until ordered to present themselves
for examination or until a class, in whith they
are included, has been so ordered by the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Marine Corps.
For pay and subsistence of officers of the
Marine corps, and for pay of non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and others of the
corps, three hundred and seventy-three thou-
sand six hundred and thirty-nine dollars.
For pay and subsistence of two thousand
privates, three hundred and seventy-four thou-
sand dollars.
For provisions, one hundred and twenty-
one thousand six hundred and thirty-six dol-
lars and twenty-five ceuts.
For clothing, one hundred and sixty-seven
thousand six hundred andthirty-six dollars.
For fuel, thirty thousand eight hundred and
fifty-six dollars.
B'or military stores, namely: for pay of
mechanics, repair of arms, purchase of ae-
couterments, ordnance stores, flags, drums,
fifes, and other instruments, ten thousand
dollars.
For transportation of officers, and their
servants, and troops, and for expenses of re-
cruiting, twelve thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices,
where there are no public buildings, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For forage for horses belonging to field and
staff officers, six thousand dollars.
For hire of quarters for officers where there
are no public quarters, sixteen thousand five
hundred dollars.
For contingencies, namely :
Freight; ferriage; toll; cartage; wharfage ;
purchase and repair of boats ; labor; burial of
deceased marines; stationery, telegraphing;
apprehension of deserters ; oil, candles, gas ;
repairs of gas and water fixtures; water rent,
barrack furniture; furniture for officers' quar-
ters, bed-sacks, wrapping-paper, oil-cloth,
crash, rope, twine, spades, shovels, axes, picks,
carpenters' tools ; repairs to fire-engines: pur-
chase and repair of engine-hose; purchase of
lumber for benches, mess tables,1 bunks ; re-
pairs to public carryall; purchase and repair
of harness ; purchase and repair of hand-carts
and wheel-barrows ; scavengering; purchase
and repair of galleys, cooking-stovcs, ranges,
stoves where there are no grates; gravel for
parade-grounds, repair of pumps ; brushes,
brooms, buckets, paving, and for other pur-
poses, twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided,
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he
hereby is, authorized to make soundings; be-
tween the western coast, of the United States
and Japan, for scientific purposes, and for the
purpose of determining the practicability of
laying a telegraph cable-between those points:
Provided, That no appropriation of money
shall be made for such purpose: And pro-
vided further, That 110 money appropriated
by this act shall be expended on account of
vessels or naval engines contracted for during
the war. .
Sec. 2. That the Supreme Court may, if, in
its judgment, the purposes of justice require
it, allow any amendment, either in form or
substance, of any appeal in prize cases, or
allow a prize appeal therein, if it appears that
any notice of appeal or of intention to appeal
was filed with the clerk of the district court
within thirty days next after the rendition of
the final decree therein.
Sec. 3. That the act of Congress approved
December twenty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, entitled "An act to further promote
the efficiency of the Navy," and the act ap-
proved June twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, entitled "An act to amend the
act of the twenty-first December, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one, entitled 'An act to further
promote the efficiency of the Navy,' " shall not
bo hereafter construed to retire any officer
before sixty-two years of age.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXt.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sutos
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
ther service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-four, out of any moneys in
the Treasury arising from the revenues of said
Department, in conformity to the act of July
second, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, as
follows:
For inland mail transportation, fourteen mil-
lion eight hundred and forty thousand and
twenty dollars.
For pay of mail messengers, six hundred
and seven thousand one hundred and .seven
dollars.
For pay of route agents, eight hundred and
eighty four thousand seven hundred and ninety-
six dollars.
For pay of mail route messengers, one' hun-
dred and seventy-one thousand two hundred
and sixty-five dollars.
For pay of local agents, ninety-five thousand
one hundred and lil'ty-eiglit dollars.
For pay of railway post office clerks, one
million two hundred and fifty-seven thousand
one hundred and fifty-seven dollars.
For pay of baggage-masters, two thousand
four hundred and twenty-nine dollars.
For foreign mail transportation, three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way letters, ten
thousand dollars.
For pay of postmasters, five million seven
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For pay of clerks for post-offices, two mi llion
nine hundred and seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of letter-carriers, one million six
hundred thousand dollars; and that commenc-
ing with the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and severrty-three, letter-carriers may be em-
ployed for the free delivery of mail-matter, aa
frequently as the public convenience may
require, at every place containing a population
of not less than twenty thousand within tiie
delivery of its post office; and that for the
purpose of employing carriers where not
already employed at such places, the sum of
one hundred thousand dollars is hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. And for the more
efficient organization of the free-delivery sys-
tem, the Postmaster General may designate
one of the present fourth-class clerks, to act,
as superintendent of lroe-delivery in the Post
Office Department, at an annual salary of two
thousand five hundred dollars : Provided, That. •
ihe salaiy hereby fixed shall terminate at the
end of the fiscal year eudiug June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-four.
For wrapping-paper, thirty-three thousand
dollars.
For twine, thirty-eight thousand dollars.
For letter-balances, three thousand dollars.
