1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
Laws of the United States.
42d Cohg....3d Sbss.
For the improvement of Green Bay harbor
Wisconsin, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Two Rivers harbor
Wisconsin, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Manitowoc harbor
Wisconsin, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Sheboygan harbor
Wisconsin, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Port Washington
harbor, Wisconsin, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Milwaukee harbor
Wisconsin, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Racineharbor,Wis
consin, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Chicago harbor
Illinois, ninety thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Calumet harbor
Illinois, forty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Michigan City har
bor, Indiana, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Fox and Wis
consin rivers, three hundred thousand dol
lars.
For the improvement of Manistee harbor
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Ludington harbor
Michigan, twenty five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of theharbors of Wash
ington and Georgetown, District of Columbia
fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Great Kanawha
river, West Virginia, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of White River harbor,
Michigan, seven thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Frankfort, harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand-dollars.
For the improvement of Grand Haven har-
bor, Michigan, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Black Lake harbor,
Michigan, twelve thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saugatuek harbor,
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of South Haven har-
bor, Michigan, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Monroe harbor,
Michigan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Cheboygan harbor,
Michigan, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saint Mary's Falls
canal, two hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saint Clair river,
at the mouth of Black river, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of harbor of refuge,
on Lake Huron, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Pentwater harbor,
Michigan, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saint Clair Flats
canal, one hundred thousand dollars.
Forthe improvementof Toledo harbor, Ohio,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For t.he improvement of Sandusky City har-
bor, Ohio, twenty-five thousand dollars. •
For the improvementof Vermillion harbor,
Ohio, twelve thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Black river harbor,
Ohio, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Cleveland harbor,-
Ohio, one thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Ashtabula harbor,
Ohio, sixteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Conneaut harbor,
Ohio, four hundred dollars.
For the improvement of Dunkirk harbor,
New York, forty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Buffalo harbor,
New York, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Olcott harbor, New
York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Oak Orchard har-
bor, New York, ten thousand dollars.
Forthe improvement of Pultneyvilleharbor,
New York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Little Sodus har-
bor, New York, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Oswego harbor,
New York, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Waddington har-
bor, New York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Ogdensburgh har-
bor, New York, six thousand dollars.
For the improvementof Plattsburgh harbor,
New York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Swan ton harbor,
Vermont, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the removal of a sand-bar in the harbor
at the mouth of Blaek river. New York, five
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
he necessary.
For the improvenae®t «f Peeonic river, Long
Island, New York, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Burlington harbor,
Vermont, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the preservation of the Falls of-Saint An-
thony, Minnesota, and the navigation of the
.Mississippiriver above the same, fifty thousand
dollars.
Forthe improvement of the Minnesota river,
Minnesota, ten thousand dollars: Provided,
That one half of said sum shall be expended
between the mouth of the Yellow Medicine and
Minnesota falls on said river.
For construction of the lock and dam on the
Mississippi river, at Meeker's Island, Min-
nesota, according to the surveys and plans of
the War Department, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That all rights and claims in
and to the land grant made to the State of
Minnesota for the above work,by actapproved
July twenty-third, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, shall be fully relinquished to the United
States before any of -this appropriation is ex-
pended. ,
For the improvement of the Upper Missis-
sippi river, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Illinois river,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Des Moines
rapids, Mississippi river, four hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Forthe improvements of the Rock Island
rapids, Mississippi river, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvements of the harbor of
refuge at the entrance of the Sturgeon Bay
canal, forty thousand dollars. ....
For the improvement of the Mississippi,
Missouri, and Arkansas rivers, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For improvement of Yazoo river, iorty
thousand dollars.
The ten thousand dollars appropriated at the
second session of the Forty-Second Congress
for the improvement of the Tombigbee river
shall be expended in the State of Mississippi.
For the improvement of the Osage river,
Missouri, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the White and Saint
Francis rivers, fifty thousand dollars._
For the improvement of the Ouachita river,
in Louisiana, sixty thousand dollars. _ _
Forthe improvement of the Mississippi river
between the mouth of the Missouri river and
the mouth of the Ohio river, two hundred
thousand dollars. .
For the improvement of the Ohio river, two
hundred thousand dollars. Aud that Godfrey
Weitzell of the corps of engineers, U nited States
Army, in charge of the Louisville and Portland
canal, is hereby empowered and directed, sub-
ject to the approval of the chief of engineers
of said corps, to adjust and pay, out of any
money appropriated for the improvement of
said canal, to J. C. Dennis any legal or equi-
table rlaims he may have against the United
Stat is arising out of work done by him under
Hugh McGlincy and Company's contract to
perform work on said canal, in the years eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-one and eighteen
hundred and seventy-two; and said Godfrey
Weitzell is further authorized and directed to
pay to said J. C. Dennis, in addition to the
amount above provided for, such other sums
as said Weitzell shall find that said Dennis is
legally or equitably entitled to as assignee of
Hugh McGlincy and Company for work done
by said Dennis on said improvement: Pro-
vided, That such sums shall not exceed the
amount due and owing by the Government of
the United States for work done under said
contract of Hugh McGlincy and Company, and
that the sums thus received of Weitzell shall
be in full of the claim of said McGlincy and
Company under their contract, and in full of
the claim of said Dennis as the assignee of said
firm.
For completing the Louisville and Portland
canal, one hundred thousand dollars; and the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized And
directed to assume, on behalf of the United
States, the control and management of the
said canal in conformity with the terms of the
joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Kentucky, approved March twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, at such
time and in such manner as in his judgment
the interests of tike United States, and the com-
merce thereof, may require; and the sum of
money necessary to enable the _ Secretary of
the Treasury to carry this provision into effect
is hereby appropriated: I rooided. That after
the United States shall assume control of said
canal, the tolls thereon on vessels propelled
by steam shall be reduced to twenty-five cents
per ton, and on all other vessels in propor-
tion.
For the improvement of the Upper Monon-
gahela river, near Morgantown, West Virginia,
sixty-six thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Cumberland
river below Nashville, Tennessee, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Wabash river,
Indiana and Illinois, fifty thousand dollars.
Forthe improvementof the Tennessee river
below Chattanooga, including the Muscle
shoals, one hundred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Tennessee river,
above Chattanooga, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For the improvement of the mouth of the
Mississippi river, one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For removing the raft in Red river, Louis-
iana, eighty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Cypress bayou,
and construction of dams, and dredging at
the foot of Soda lake, Texas, fifty thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Mobile harbor and
bay, Alabama, one hundred thousand dollars.
For completing work now in progress in
improving Charleston harbor, South Carolina,
five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Savannah harbor
and river, Georgia, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Saint John's river,
Florida, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the entrance to
the harbor of Baltimore, in Patapsco river
and Chesapeake bay, two hundred thousand
dollars
For the improvement of the Wicomico river,
Maryland, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Cambridge harbor,
Maryland, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Chester river at
Kent Island narrows, Maryland, fifteen thou-
sand dollars. ,
For the improvement of Aquia creek, Vir-
ginia, two thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the mouth of Occo-
quan river, Virginia, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the mouth of
Nomoni creek, Virginia, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Rappahannock
river below Fredercksburgh, Virginia, fifteen
| thousand dollars.
