1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
all the different expenditures have been
enumerated, after all this series of appro-
priations between the Capitol and the Potomac
river have been made in detail, most of these
undertakings having manifestly been set on
foot for speculative purposes (whatever may
have been the purpose of the committee, and
whatever may be the action of the House and
of the Senate,) after all this enumeration, then
for fear something may have been omitted,
we propose to appropriate $20,000 more " for
improving reservations on various avenues."
Mr. Chairman, in opposing these appropri-
ations I do not make any opposition to reason-
able appropriations for this capital. I oppose
them mainly for the single reason that every
dollar appropriated by Congress, unless it be
for a purpose of absolute necessity, is diverted
into the channels of corruption. I state it as
a matter within the experience of every man
that every dollar we appropriate beyond what
a severe economy may allow for the necessary
demands of the public interest, tends to cor-
rupt the morals of the country, tends to lower
the standard of public morality.
I have said heretofore, and I say again, the
proposition is as clear almost as an axiom in
mathematics, that according to all our expe-
rience from the foundation of the Government,
we must practice an actual penuriousness of
expenditure, or we must expect profligacy and
corruption in the disbursement of the pubilc
money. In view of an experience of fifty
years, during which for such purposes as this,
for mere matters of taste, scarcely $100,000
was appropriated, will any gentleman tell me
that we can make these lavish appropriations
without any corruption following? The spec-
tacle presented in connection with govern-
mental administration during the last few years,
the lowering of the standard of morality in
public affairs, admonish us that our expendi-
tures have gone beyond the wants of the nation,
beyond the actual demands of the public inter-
est. For one, I object to any appropriation
not absolutely necessary. What will be the
public debt statement for the present month ?
Will it, like that lor December and January,
show a steady increase and enlargement of that
debt? Do not gentlemen apprehend that? Yet
they bring before the House a bill weightier with
appropriations than a bill of the kind ever was
coming before this House in the past. Does
any member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions say a bill of the amount of appropria-
tions of this one ever came before the House?
There are millions of these appropriations not
absolutely demanded by any public interest.
We sit here voting away deliberately, not only
what we require, but we add millions and mil-
lions of dollars more when the remorseless
public debt is grinding our people down.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the object
of this appropriation is to take care of little
triangular reservations at the intersection of
avenues which the improvements of streets left,
as any gentleman will observe by looking at
the city, unprovided for. The old picket-fences
are down in some cases, and the land is a little
below and in some cases a little above the
level of the streets. This appropriation is
designed to put them in order. It is not an
extravagant appropriation for that purpose,
and ought not to be objected to. It covers
the improvement of all the reservations un-
named in the bill. Here are four or five hun-
dred dollars each for these little pieces which
ought to be improved, and when the job is
done for the Government it will be done for
all time, or until repairs are needed in the
fencing.
But, sir, I do not agree with .the gentleman
in his comments on public immorality. I do
not believe this day is any worse than the day
when the gentleman first came into the House,
or worse than twenty-five or fifty years ago. I
do not believe the world is worse than it was
in those days. I do not believe in proportion
to population there are more thieves. On the
contrary, I believe there are fewer, less of them
in office than a number of years ago under the
old regime. It is very well probably and very
natural for men who are discouraged on ac-
count of their party defeats or because they
cannot by any device elevate themselves into
power to rail at those in power.
Let me tell the gentleman from Indiana
you can find a parallel in previous Congresses
for such storms of investigation as have been,
displayed in this Congress. I can show the
gentleman during his own term in Congress
when the Associated Press threw out asser-
tions that there were rings upon this floor of
men who opposed or defeated bills as they were
paid for it. I tell you it is not true that the pres-
ent day is any worse, and I do not believe it is
much better than in former times. I believe
human nature is about the same from one age
to another, except it grows more enlightened.
We have had enough and more than enough
of these general denunciations and fulmina-
tions against the Administration; against those
who handle the public money ; that they are
corrupt; that every dollar not specifically
tied down for a particular purpose and report
made on it is stolen. They could have been
made more justly against former Administra-
tions than against the present one. We have
had enough of this attempt to point a moral
and adorn a tale at the expense of every man
in office, denouncing him as a thief and every
one who defends him as a sympathizer in his
roguery.
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the House
that that body had concurred in the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives to author-
ize the joint Committee on Enrolled Bills to
correct the name in the enrollment of a bill
(H. R. No. 2552) granting a pension to James
McAlfee.
It further announced that the Senate had
adopted a resolution to print extra copies of
the last annual report of the chief signal officer
of the Army, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
adopted the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 2264) to author-
ize the Cattaraugus and Allegany Indians in
New York to lease lands and confirm leases.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The committee then resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw it, not for the
purpose of debate, but for the purpose of sub-
stituting for the proposition to strike out the
whole paragraph, an amendment to reduce
the amount of the appropriation from $20,000
to $10,000. I offer that amendment.
Mr. COX. I am very much surprised at the
impetuous speech made by my friend from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Sargent.] I think I came to
this House a little earlier than he did; and
when I first came here it was considered
an extravagant thing to vote $60,000,000 a
year for our Government. At that time the
Treasury was kept almost empty, and we voted
only the amount I have named per annum for
all the expenses of the Government; for we
then followed the old General Jackson idea and
method of leaving all the money possible in
the pockets of the people, instead of having a
plethoric treasury for every scoundrel to put
his finger or hisjhand or his arm into.
The trouble to-day is that we have more
money raised by taxation than we ought to
have ; and every imaginable scheme which the
ingenuity of Congress can invent is worked
up for the purpose of taking money from the
Treasury. Why, sir, in the earlier days, when
the Committee on Appropriations, which was
then the leading committee of 'the House,
brought their appropriation bills into this
House, instead of items involving millions
being disposed of as they are disposed of now,
in a few minutes, every item was examined;
there was a bill of particulars for everything.
A proposition to expend on a light-house in
Oregon or Texas or Florida or Maine a few
hundred dollars was scrutinized most thor-
oughly. There was care, economy, justice.
We have not since that time, Mr. Chairman,
progressed in the line of economy, I will not
say of honesty.
The whole country is watching this Congress
to-day, because there has been a retrogression.
I will not say the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] is at all responsible for it, but
the measures of the kind which he sometimes
champions, connected with the railroads—I
will not say Goat Island—but connected with
all these schemes for depleting the Treasury,
do not raise the character of Congress in the
estimation of the American people. And
what we want to-day is, not so much legisla-
tion. We have not time for the consideration
of these bills. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations will tell you that he
and his colleagues have not time themselves
to mature these bills properly. But when we
come down to the real gist of this matter, we
find it in the aggrandizing power in the Fed-
eral system. We are choked up here with
business because we are assuming powers
never granted to this Congress by the Consti-
tution, or by any arrangement which the
people of this country have ever assented to.
Every single item brought in here in these
appropriation bills, with the exception of
those strictly connected with the District of
Columbia, is alien from our old ideas. These
appropriations are personal, they are con-
nected with speculations more or less, and we
all know it. Why, sir, in the earlier days to
which I have referred we had no such busi-
ness as is now presented in these appropri-
ation bills. Every single item which could
possibly be considered by this Congress was
carefully matured in it; and both the com-
mittee and Congress took the time and had
the leisure to examine these things. We
have no leisure to-day to examine these
matters. We are literally choked up with
business. We have most multifarious busi-
ness here. Every imaginable kind of job and
speculation is brought into Congress under
our system. What we want is a new order
of things, a new party, a better set of men—
I do not care from what party they come—
who will stand on the ideas propounded at
Cincinnati last year. To such a party all hon-
est men will come, the great body of the
Democratic party will rally to it, and "we will
have a purification of the political atmosphere.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
has made his speech in favor of improving the
ways of the world; and I hope he will not be
against improving the ways of this city, and
that we will now have a vote on this proposi-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be again read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out "$20,000" and insert "$10,000;" so
that it will read, " for improving reservations on
various aveaaes, $10,000."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 55, noes 68.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman, and
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes, 64, noes, 65.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For inclosing, drainage, and for grading reserva-
tion No. 17, $5,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
