286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
4'2d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For the improvement of the James river,
Virginia, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the south branch
of Elizabeth river, Virginia, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of the Appomattox
river below Petersburgh, Virginia, tiirty thou-
sand dollars.
For the improvement of Nansemond river,
Virginia, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Roanoke river, be-
low Weldon, North Carolina, ten thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Cape Fear river,
below Wilmington, North Carolina, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Wilmington har-
bor, Delaware, six thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the channel of the
Delaware river, at Fort Mifflin bar, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For the improvement of the channel of the
Delaware river at .and near the Horse-Shoe
shoals, fifty thousand dollars ; the work uot to
be commenced until an examination and sur-
vey has been made by a board of engineers of
the United States Army, appointed by the
Secretary of War, and a favorable report-upon
the feasibility and expense of the plan adopted
for the prevention and removal of the obstruc-
tions.
For the improvement of the channel of the
Schuylkill river, Pennsylvania, forty thousand
dollars, of which amount a portion shall be
used for commencing the removal of the rocks
at and near South street wharf.
For the improvement of Broadkiln river,
Delaware, ten thousand dollars.
For building an additional pier for the ice
harbor at New Castle, Delaware, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For the improvement of South river, New
Jersey, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the north and
south branches of Shrewsbury river, New
Jersey, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Delaware river be-
tween Trenton and Bordentown, New Jersey,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Hudson river, New
York, forty thousand dollars.
For removing obstructions in East river,
New York, including Hell-Gate, two hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Passaic river, New
Jersey, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of East Chester creek,
New York, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Rondout harbor,
Hudson river, New York, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Pawtucket river,
Rhode Island, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Providence river,
Rhode Island, ten thousand dollars.
For dredging at the entrance of Newport
harbor, Rhode Island, and for a jettee on the
south end of Goat Island, eight thousand five
hundred dollars.
For the improvement of Cohansey creek,
New Jersey, t-en thousand dollars.
For the improvement of harbor at Block
Island, Rhode Island, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Wickford h'arbor,
Rhode Island, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Pawcatuck river,
Rhode Island and Connecticut, ten thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Connecticut river,
below Hartford, Connecticut, twenty thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Connecticut river
above Hartford, and below Enfield falls,
twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of New Haven harbor,
Connecticut, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Housatonic river,
Connecticut, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Bridgeport harbor,
Connecticut, thirty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Norwalk harbor,
Connecticut, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Stonington harbor,
Connecticut, by deepening and dredging the
same and its approaches, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of Saint Croix river
above the "ledge," Maine, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For the improvement of Machias river,
Maine, twelve thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Camden harbor,
Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Penobscot river,
Maine, twenty thousaud dollars.
For the improvement of Kennebec river,
Maine, twelve thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Portland harbor,
Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Richmond Island,
Maine, sixty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Cocheco river, New
Hampshire, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Merrimac river,
Massachusetts, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Boston harbor,
Massachusetts, including Deer and Lovell's
Islands, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of the South channel
at entrance of Duxbury harbor, Massachu-
setts, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Plymouth harbor,
Massachusetts, three thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Provincetown har-
bor, Massachusetts, six thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Hyannis harbor,
Massachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Wareham harbor,
Massachusetts, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Taunton river,
Massachusetts, ten thousaud dollars.
For removing sand bar forming at the
entrance of Sulern harbor, Massachusetts,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the -Lower Willa-
mette and Columbia rivers, from Portland,
Oregon, to the sea, twenty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Upper Willa-
mette river, Oregon, three thousand dollars.
For the improvement of breakwater at Wil-
mington, California, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For surveys and examinations, and contin-
gencies of rivers and harbors, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of War is
hereby directed to cause examinations or sur-
veys, or both, to be made at the following
points, namely : at the outlet of Point Judith
lake, Rhode Island; at Crow shoals, Dela-
ware bay, near Cape May light, New Jfersey,
for an artificial harbor or breakwater; Har-
lem river, near the East river, New York, for
removal of rocks therefrom ; of the piers and
connecting bridges at Chester, Pennsylvania ;
the Penboscot river, from Oldtown to Med-
way and vicinity, Maine; the Galena river,
from its mouth to upper bridge in city of
Galena, Illinois; the harbor at Fall River,
Massachusetts, for removal of rocks there-
from; at Wood's Hole, in Buzzard's bay,
Massachusetts, for removal of rocks there-
from ; Old House channel to main channel
of Pamlico sound, North Carolina; the har-
bor of Washington, North Carolina; at bayou
Lafourche, Louisiana, from Lafourche cross-
ing to the mouth; from mouth of Red river
down Atchafalaya river to Brashear in Louis-
iana ; at the entrance of Matagorda bay and
the channel to Indianola, Texas; Pine river,
Saint Clair county, Michigan ; Monistique har-
bor, Lake Michigan ; Sebawaing river, Mich-
igan ; Yamhill river, Oregon ; the mouth of
the Coquille river, Oregon; Red river, from
Morehead to Pembina; at the mouth of
Kewaunee river, Wisconsin; at Elk river,
Maryland, below Elkton; at Raritan river,
New Jersey, below New Brunswick, including
the shoals called the Middle Ground; the
' Youghiougheny river, Pennsylvania ; Aroos-
tookriver, Maine, for improvement of thechan-
nel; at San Antonio creek, San Francisco-bay,
California; Santa Cruz, California; Estero
bay, near Santa Barbara, California. And
not to exceed five thousand dollars of the
above appropriation may be expended in an
exploration of routes for the extension of the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal to the Ohio river,
by the north and south branches of the Poto-
mac river.
For connecting the inland waters along the
margin of the Gulf of Mexico, from Donald-
sonville, in Louisiana, to the Rio Grande river,
in Texas, by cuts and canals, not to exceed
twenty thousand dollars of the amount herein
appropriated for surveys of rivers and har-
bors ; at Great Pee Dee river, from Pine Bluff
to Cheraw, South Carolina; at Ashley river,
South Carolina; at Cleveland, Ohio, for the
construction of a harbor of refuge ; at Forked
Deer river, below Dyersburg, Tennessee; at
harbor at Wilson, on Lake Ontario, New York;
at East Pascagoula harbor, Mississippi sound ;
at Portsmouth harbor, New Hampshire, for
break water between Gerrish's Islandand Wood
Island; in Ipswich bay, Massachusetts, at
Hodgkins' cove, to ascertain the practicability
of a harbor of refuge by building a breakwater
there.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and required to detail from the
engineer corps, one or more engineers whose
duty it shall be to inquire into and report upon
the practicability of bridging, consistently with
the interests of navigation, the channel be-
tween "Lake Huron and Lake Erie, at such
points as may be needful for the passing of
railroad trains across said channel, and also
its effect upon the navigation of the same; and
further, to inquire into the number and char-
acter of the vessels navigating said channel,
and the number of trips made by each, and, if
said bridging be practicable, to report what
extent of span or spans and elevation above
the water will be required in the construction
of such bridge or bridges, so as not seriously
to injure the navigation of said channel.
Sec. 4. That the appropriation for building
the pier at Lewes, Delaware, contained in the
act approved July fifteenth, eighteen hundred
and seventy, an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and for
other purposes," be, and the same is hereby,
extended until June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-four.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXIV—An Act to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the Laws relating to Pen-
sions.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the U?tited States of America in
Congress assembled, That if the ability of any
officer of the Army, including regulars, volun-
teers, and militia, or any officer in the Navy
or Marine corps, or any enlisted man, however
employed, in the military or naval service of the
United States, or in its Marine corps, whether
regularly mustered or not, disabled by reason of
any wound or injury received, or disease con-
tracted, while in the service of the United
States and in the line of duty; any master
serving on a gunboat, or any pilot, engineer,
sailor, or other person not regularly mustered,
