624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
actual and reasonable expenses, not to exceed
$2,000 each, shall be paid from such fund."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This refers to
the compensation of the artisans and scientific
persons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to reserve
that amendment. I have not seen a copy of
the joint resolution with these amendments,
but I think there is some discrimination in its
effect between these two classes of persons,
the scientific men on the one side aud the skilled
artisans on the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reserve this amendment when the joint resolu-
tion shall be reported to the Senate.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section of the joint resolution
th 3 f;llowing:
Aud that the President be further authorized to
nppoir t a number of honorary commissioners, not
to exceed fifty, who shall receivc no pay for their
services or otherwise: And provided further. That no
persoii so appointed shall be interested, directly or
indirectly, in any article exhibited for competition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
Mr. SCHURZ. I desire to have the title j
changed, so as to make it a bill instead of a
joiat resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. That can be done after it
is passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a House
joint resolution, which lias been passed in the
House and recorded with its number, &c., on
their Journal, and it would be very difficult to
change it. The amendments made as in Com- j
mittee of the Whole will be regarded as con- 1
curred in except the one reserved by the Sen-
ator from California, unless some Senator
desires some other amendment to be reserved.
Mr. CASSERLY. As a matter of pre-
caution, without intending to act upon the
reservation, I should like to have theui all
reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
then will be on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole increasing
the appropriation from $100,000 to $300,000.
Mr. CARPENTER. I voted for the amend-
ment to insert $300,000 instead of $100,000
because if the United States is to do anything
of this kind, it seems to me $300,000 is as
small a sum as should be appropriated for the
purpose. I shall vote against the joint reso
lution. As long as the Washington monument
stands in its present unfinished and dilapidated
condition in open view of the Capitol, a shame
to every American in the land, and must be
bo regarded by every foreigner who visits it,
I shall never vote $300,000 to be sunk, for
that I think will be the practical effect of it,
in a show in Europe, i shall therefore vote
against the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole increasing the amount
of the appropriation from $100,000 to $300,000.
The ameudment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was in line thirteen, to strike
out the word "twelve" and to inBert the
words " eight, and of scientific men not ex-
ceeding seven ;" and also in line sixteen to
strike out " one" and insert " two;" so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That the President be authorized to
appoint a number of practical artisans, not exceed-
ing eight, and of scientific a en not exceeding seven,
who shall attend such exhibition, and repsrt their
doings and observations to him, and whoso actual
and reasonable expenses, not to exceed 62,000 each,
shall be paid from such fund.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the
amendment that was reserved in committee by
the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
the proviso in thatshape ; it has been amended,
as I think, for the better; but I should like to
inquire from the Senator in charge of this
joint resolution whether there is any provision
made for the payment of any portion of the
commissioners, and if so, whether it is definite
as to the amount to be paid to each ?
Mr. SCHU1IZ. I was unable to hear the
question of the Senator from California dis-
tinctly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask whether there is
any provision as to the payment of any num-
ber of commissioners who are to represent
the Uuited States at this exhibition, and if
so, whether it is definite as to the amount to be
paid to each, and what it is. There is a pro-
vision, I observe, that a certain number of
honorary commissioners shall serve without
pay. That carries with it very decidedly the
implication that the commissioners who are
not honorary are to have pay. I have no
objection to a proper compensation for them,
but I am sure it would be better for the Gov-
ernment and less embarrassing to those gen-
tlemen themselves that the amount of their
compensation should be fixed in this resolu-
tion. I think in the bill for the Paris expo-
sition there was a definite amount fixed. If
my memory serves me it was $2,000, with
or without traveling expenses I cannot now
say, for each commissioner. My friend, the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
suggests that it was $1,000. My impression,
derived from the commissioners, is that it was
$2,000. I think $2,000 will not be too much
by any means, and indeed I am not disposed
to be narrow about the amount. All I say is
that the amount should be fixed, as a better
thing for the Government and a better thing
for the commissioners themselves.
Mr. SCHURZ. As 1 understand it, Mr.
President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour is just expiring. If there is no objec-
tion the Calendar will be informally passed
over, subject to a demand for the regular order,
and the Senator from Missouri will resume.
Mr. SCHURZ. As I understand it, there
was an act passed authorizing the appoint-
ment of one commissioner general, and that j
commissioner general was authorized to report
to the Secretary of State assistant commis-
sioners, and those assistant commissioners were
not to be paid a fixed salary, but simply to be
paid their expenses to be reported by the
commissioner general to the State Depart
ment. The Senator from California will ob-
serve that the expenditures provided for by
this resolution are to be made under the au-
thority of the Secretary of State. That is the
state of the case, as I now understand it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think this joint reso-
lution had better go over until two questions
are ascertained: one, the names of these com-
missioners, in order that we may know who.
they are that are to represent us at this expo-
sition ; and the other, what would be a fair
allowance to them. I confess I do not like
allowances made under the general head of
" expenses," that may amount to a greal deal
in one case and to little in another. I see no
reason why tae compensation should not be
fixed so far as the salary is concerned, even
if traveling expenses are also allowed. I
would rather fix a gross sum, I confess, in any
case; but I repeat I should not be disposed to
be in any degree narrow as to the amount. I
think, however, that it ought to be fixed. I
have no want of confidence in the Secretary
of State; but I am very sure that he as a gen-
tleman, as we all know him to be,would prefer
not to be placed iu the position of taxing the
bills of half a dozen or twenty other gentle-
men, although he might see very marked dis-
crepancies in the amounts of those bills, under
the very indefinite and general head of •' ex-
penses." I trust that the Senator in charge
of this resolution will permit it to go over at
least until to-morrow so that we may got
some information on those two subjects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This resolution is only
one illustration of the manner in which Con-
gress increase expenses. We used to begin
in olden times by appropriating $20,000 to
erect a public building at some point, and the
first we knew when the foundations of the
building were laid it would cost, millions, and
then we had to appropriate to finish it because
otherwise what we had done would be worth-
less. We commenced a few years ago with
an appropriation of a few thousand dollars
for the exhibition that was to be held at Paris,
and we were assured by the gentlemen having
the matter in charge that it would never cost
any more. The expenses went on until my
recollection is they amounted to half a million.
We commenced at Vienna last year with a law
passed June 10, 1872, which reads in these
words:
" That the President of the United States be, and
I he hereby is, authorized, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint one or more agents
to represent the Government of the United States
at the international exposition of agriculture, in-
dustry, and fine arts, to be held at Vienna in 1873:
Prodded, That such appointments shall not impose
on this Government any liability for the expenses
which they may occasion."
That is the way they got through with the
first provision ; there was to be no expense
about it ; these gentlemen were appointed
commissioners merely to throw a little dignity
about their names when they went abroad, but
there was to be no expense attending it. Now
we are told the expense will be trifling. At
the next session I suppose it will be an actual
expense and a very respectable sum.
1 have from the beginning always voted
against these appropriations. I do not sup-
pose it would be of any use to take up the time
of the Senate, or to object to the number of
commissioners, or to the amount that is to be
paid, or to the hundreds of thousands of dol-
; lars that the exhibition is to cost us. I only
' wish to say to the Senate that if they suppose
the sending of these commissioners is not to
1 entail expense and a large expense upon the
i country, they are greatly mistaken ; and I ven-
ture to predict now that $1,000,000 will be
taken from the Treasury of the United States
and be assessed upon the people of this coun-
try by way of taxation to pay the expenses of
this exposition before it is through with.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is an amendment in
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole are
under considaration. They can be amended
or acted upon, and the joint resolution will
then be open to original amendments. If the
Senator from California does not object, the
Chair will regard the amendments proposed
by the Committee on Foreign Relations and
agreed to in Committee of the Whole as con-
curred in, and the joint resolution will then be
open to further amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly; I have no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole
are concurred in, and the joint resolution is
now open to further amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. My wish is that this
joint resolution should stand over at least
one day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate; and the regular order, which is
the Calendar under the Anthony rule, has
been informally passed over. If the Senator
demands the regular order that will throw the
joint resolution on the Calendar. If he does
not, it continues under consideration until
some Senator demands the regular order
again.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think we ought to
have the list of commissioners and know
about this matter of expense before we act on
the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will first report the amendment of the Sen-
ator from W isconsin, and then if the Senator
from California demands the regular order the
joint resolution will go over.
