1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
which he refers, to pay the two per cent,
claim of the great States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois. I did so upon a request from
the Legislature of my State. 1 gave a
silent vote in favor of the proposition. But
let me say to the gentleman from California
that in this respect I think I differ somewhat
from him. For every measure, whether affect-
ing his own people or concerning any other
section of the couutry, has, if a job, uniformly
received his support.
Mr. SARGENT. That is untrue.
Mr. HOLMAN. Whether the measure was
the Goat Island scheme, or any other scheme
for the benefit of the great corporations which
are aspiring to absolute control and sapping
the foundations of this Republic, the gentle-
man has given all such measures his cordial
support. If his record in this House be ex-
amined from the first day he came here until
the present moment, I doubt whether there
could be found one measure corrupting in its
influences or destructive of the foundations of
public virtue in this Republic that has not
received his support. And yet the gentleman
undertakes to lecture me 1 Not iu answer to
anything I have said concerning the Repub-
lican party—-for I have never intentionally
referred to party, I think, on this floor when
discussing questions of business—but in reply
to remarks of mine discussing legitimately and
fairly a question of public expenditure, the
gentleman thinks proper to make an assault
on me.
I will say to the gentleman that I have never
deemed it proper or legitimate in discussing a
question of finance to look at it from the low
standard of party. If I did, I should have
replied to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr Butler] when he threw upon this side
of the House the imputation that we voted
unworthily against a reduction of the cost of
printing the Globe. So far as I am concerned,
i voted for thatreduction, as I do for all meas-
ures looking to a reduction of the public
expenditures ; for I hold that a member who,
in voting expenditures of the public money,
drawn from the hard earnings of the people,
the sweat of the laboring man coined into gold,
is controlled by party motives, is controlled by
a low and unworthy motive, and is not worthy
of a seat upon this floor. 1 have never con-
sented to be controlled by the paltry influences
and instincts of partisanism in voting away
the treasure of the people, the result of their
hard labor.
Mr. SARGENT. I move, pro forma, to
amend the amendment by striking out the two
last words. Mr. Chairman, in the remarks I
last made I pointed the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] to three measures
which he voted for. As to one of them he
admits the fact that he voted for it, but says
he did so reluctantly, on account of instruc
tions from his State. Reluctantly! He votes
to take two or three millions out of the freas
ury and put it into the coffers of his own State
and the othertwo States that share with Indiana
in the spoils ; and he acknowledges he does
so reluctantly. Of course, then, he must be-
lieve that that appropriation was an injustice
to the nation, a fraud upon the Treasury ;
otherwise he would have voted for it gladly
according to his own logic. Reluctantly vio-
lating his oath perhaps if he believed he could
not constitutionally and properly take it out
of the Treasury of the United States, and if
he thought he could do it constitutionally and
properly there was no occasion for reluctance.
I pointed to another old thing which might
be considered a job, which the gentleman
voted for, a fresh matter where he himself
was willing $82,000 should be paid more to
publish the Giobe than the lowest contractor
was willing to do it for.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say I
did not vote for the proposition to give the
contract to the lowest bidder?
Mr. SARGENT. I will withdraw that, and
make it two propositions on which the gentle-
man voted, and which may be considered as
jobs, if I am mistaken in that.
Now, the gentleman from Indiana, in the
same.spirit with which he made a fling at
those who now handle the public money and
charged that their hands were stained with
frauds upon the public Treasury, has declared
that I have voted for every job before this Con-
gress. I said to the gentleman then that it
was untrue, and I say now again that it is
untrue. If he will look at my record he will
find it free from any such charge, and clearer
than his own. I did stand up here in a bold,
open, manly way, and advocated upon the
floor of this House the passage of the Goat
Island bill. I say no man can honestly throw
in my face I did not act according to my duty
as I understood it. There was a division of
opinion on this subject among the people of
California. I came from the interior of the
State, outside of San Francisco, and know the
feeling of my people, who are smarting under
the exactions on their commerce of two dol-
lars a ton imposed by the present order of
things in the way of transportation. I strug-
gled and did my best openly and fairly to cor-
rect that state of things. The House passed
the bill. I acted conscientiously, and should
do the same thing again under the same cir-
cumstances.
There is another thing to which the gentle-
man referred. It is true that I did advocate
in an open, straightforward way the subsidy
to the Pacific mail. It was a matter concern-
ing my constituents. In behalf of the interest
of ray people and the whole country I wished
to hold on to the Pacific commerce.
If I have voted for any jobs, let the gentle-
man go on and show where I have done it. In
spite of the blandishments of the gentlemen
from Ohio, rnd from Indiana, and from Illinois,
I took the floor alone in this House, and occu-
pied it for one hour in fighting against the two
per cent, bill, which the gentleman voted for,
and which lie said he voted for reluctantly ;
and I did it in spite of all denunciation and in
view of the fact that any proposition I might
have to offer might have wreaked upon it the
vengeance of those gentlemen whose scheme
I had opposed.
Mr. SPEER. That very proposition, which
the gentleman calls a job, has the earnest sup-
port of Senator Morton, Senator Sherman,
and Senator Logan, in the other branch of
Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from In-
diana said he voted for the bill reluctantly, and
that therefore stamped his opinion of it. He
said he did it under instructions from his
State. I voted against it, standing on my own
judgment, according to my own conscience,
and I am willing to take the responsibility
for it.
And, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say one fur-
ther word. Although I have been in Congress
for many years, I may say there never yet has
been even a suspicion against me. I say never
has the charge been made, aud I say boldly
and plainly, there never can be a charge or a
breath of suspicion against me that my hands
have touched one dollar of money unlawfully,
or that I have ever violated my duty to my
constituents or to my country. I wish that put
upon the record here in the face of the gentle-
man's statement. Your investigations may
go on; I defy any man to show where my gar-
ments have ever been tarnished by corruption.
It cannot be done.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the remarks
of the gentleman from California require but
a word of reply from me. When I used the word
" reluctantly," that I voied for the bill which
passed the House, and which had the sanction
of an overwhelming majority by the House,
and which is now being debated in the Senate,
giving the three States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois the two per cent, fund which they have
so long claimed from the Government—when
I used the word " reluctantly " I used it sim-
ply in the sense that I had examined the mat-
ter carefully for years, and had never felt entirely
clear about that claim, and had felt some doubt
as to whether the claim was well founded; but
I believe I was perfectly right in giving the
doubt in my own mind in favor of my own
State on a question of that kind, and especially
when the Legislature of my State had declared
the State was justly entitled to this two per
cent, fund and requested her members here to
support it. I gave my State the benefit of
the doubt in my own mind, and cast my vote in
its favor, in common with the overwhelming
majority of the House.
Mr. SPEER. I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improving two reservations on Massachusetts
and Rhode Island avenues, on east side of site
selected for the Scott statue, $7,000.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to strike out
the paragraph.
I have made, Mr. Chairman, a rough cal-
culation of the amount appropriated under ihis
bill to the point we have now reached, for the
improvement of the District of Columbia; and
I find that it comes to $137,000. I think,
under those circumstances, we can very well
afford to spare this last $7,000.
In looking through the report made by the
Board of Works of this District, I ascertained
the interesting fact that, already for Scott
square, we have appropriated the very con-
siderable sum of $42,000. I think, under the
circumstances, that this is about as much as
this Government can afford. We have fallen
upon a period of extravagance. We have
entered into an era of lavish expenditures;
and although this may be of a very exhilera-
ting and interesting and agreeable character,
it has been ascertained with reference to the
human body—and the same rule will apply
to the national body—that no one can live
under a continual state of stimulus, although
many gentlemen in this House may think
otherwise. [Laughter.]
We have been existing under the stimulus
of a greenback circulation; and a circulation
stimulated in that way is sure to produce some-
thing unpleasant in the end. I do not eharge
the fault upon the other side any more than I
charge it upon our own side; for I- think all
of us have united freely and constantly in
passing almost every claim which has been
brought before us. So much is this the case
that last year I felt it almost incumbent upon
me to offer a resolution that any claims brought
here by a widow, an infant, or an old man,
should be passed without any consideration or
question whatever. We have on our side
voted for almost every appropriation which
looked to helping particular localities from
which we come; and the gentlemen on the
other side seem, in like manner, to have voted
for every appropriation which would enable
them to spend a little more money.
We have got beyond the period of saving
money. The decrease of our debt has reached
its limits. We are going on from bad to worse
and are running into debt every day further
and further. During the late presidential cam-
paign, which gentlemen here, or some of us
at least, bear in mind very vividly, one of the
great points with which the reform party was
met was the fact of the economy of the ad-
ministration, which was enabled every month
to reduce the national debt by an amount
varying between ten and twenty million dollars.
But no sooner was that campaign over and
its unfortunate result accomplished if I may
so call it in the presence of the different parties
in this House—no sooner was its result,
whether fortunate or uufortunate, accom-
plished, than we find an entire change; and
the public debt, instead of continuing to dimm-
ish, began to accumulate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
