626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2510) granting a pension to Amos Far-
ling, reported it without amendment and sub-
mitted a report thereon ; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Louisa Kitchens,
praying for a pension, reported adversely there-
on, and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2544) grant-
ing a pension to Robert G. Wilson, reported
it without ameudment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 7t>2) for the re-
lief of John W. Crawford, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon ; which was ordered to be
printed; and he moved that the petitioner,
John W. Crawford, have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2512) grant-
ing a pension to Susan VV. Mechem, reported
it without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (EI. R. No. 2518) grant-
ing a pension to Mary O'Donald, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2514) grant-
ing a pension to Rosa Hoon, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2511) grant-
ing a pension to Garrett Flemming, reported
it without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2452) grant-
ing a pension to Abigail Stuckey, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2500) granting a pension
to the widow of Colonel Gustavus A. Loomis,
reported adversely thereon, and moved the in-
definite postponement of the bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that that bill
be placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2504) granting a pension to Wil-
liam P. Calvert, reported adversely thereon ;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2502)
granting a pension to Juliet E. Hall, daughter
of William Hall, late colonel of the eleventh
regiment of Iowa infantry, reported adversely
thereon ; and the bill was postponed indefin-
itely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2501) to grant
a pension to Sarah A. Wharton, reported ad-
versely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2503) grant-
ing a pension to Richard B. Crawford, reported
it without amendment.
annual session op supreme court.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1220) to fix the time for holding the
annual session of the Supreme Court of the
United States, have instructed me to report it
back with an amendment striking out the first
Monday, and inserting the second Monday, in
October. It is a bill of three lines, changing
the time for commencing the term of the
Supreme Court, and I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to have it passed this morning.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that from and after
its passage the annual session of the Supreme
Court of the United States shall commence
on the first Monday of October in each year.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
word " first " before the word " Monday " and
to insert the word " second ;" so as to read
" the second Monday in October."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
h. clay elliott.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3425)
for the relief of H. Clay Elliott, of Hender-
son, Kentucky, have instructed me to report
it back with amendments, and inasmuch as the
interests of the Government, as much as of
the person named, require the consideration
of the bill, as I think will be shown by a very
brief statement in regard to it, I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line fourteen, to strike out
"June" and insert "July."
Mr. SCOTT. That is merely to correct a
mistake in the date of the law mentioned.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the bill the following:
And upon Riving such additional bonds and sure-
ties as may be deemed necessary and be approved
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to secure
the United States against the want of consent of
the owner of the fee required by said eighth section
of said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
treasurer's accounts.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
the report of the Treasurer of the United
States, communicating, in obedience to law,
his adjusted quarterly accounts of receipts and
expenditures, to report back the same, aud ask
to be discharged frotn its further considera-
tion. There is no sort of need, in the opin-
ion of the committee, for printing this very
voluminous report, which conveys no inform-
ation. I ask the attention of the Senator from
Ohio who sits furthest from me, [Mr. Thur-
man.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sented these accounts a few days ago ; they are
four or five volumes bound ; and the question
of printing was referred to the Committee on
Printing, who report adversely to printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. Last year the Senator
from Ohio desired to have these reports
printed, and I believe upon examination he
came to the conclusion that it was unneces-
sary.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, last year,
or about eighteen months ago, when this
report was made, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing invited my attention to it,
as I had introduced a resolution inquiring why
these reports had not been sent in before. On
examining them I found that the printing of
them would be of very little use; and really
the printing is of very iittle use and the send-
ing of them here is of very little use. That is
the truth about the matter. I think if this
report was made in the form in which it for-
merly was made it would be a very good thing
to have it printed ; but it is not made in that
form. I do not know how this particular
one is.
Mr. ANTHONY. These are in the same
form they were made last year. They are
merely accounts of drafts and credits.
Mr. THURMAN. The law requires and
the joint rule of the two Houses requires that
report of receipts and expenditures shall be
made, and that as to every expenditure thai is
made there shall be a reference to the act of
Congress under which it is made. Then you
can trace the thing up. If you see that A Li
has received so much money under such an
act of Congress, you can inquire why it is that
that money was paid him under that act of
Congress. But a mere report that so much
money has been paid to A B, without show-
ing on what account it was paid, or under what
act of appropriation it was paid, is of no
earthly use to anybody. Ttiat is the truth of
it. I will ask, however, that no action be
taken on the report now made. I should like
once more to look into the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be placed on the Calendar. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider it this day.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to say before that
matter is disposed of that I concurred in the
determination of the committee as reported by
the chairman. Since that time the discussion
on the Indian bill has made me think that per-
haps a publication of the accounts and vouchers
in the Indian departmant, so far as sums were
paid out of the Treasury might have a very
beneficial effect.
additional petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, asking for a grant of land to that Ter-
ritory to aid in the construction of the Dakota
Grand Trunk railway ; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONKL1NG presented a petition of
the German society of the city of New York,
remonstrating against the pending immigration
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Virginia
A. Hindle, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the heirs
of Captain Joshua Chamberlain, praying for
half pay due him as captain in the revolution-
ary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of John B.
Perry, praying the passage of the bounty land
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 ask leave at this time to
present the presentment of the grand jury
of the United States district court for the
western district of South Carolina, for the
August term, in which they represent that
there is no jail or penitentiary within the lim-
its of that State for the confinement of pris-
oners of the United States, and asking for the
erection of such a building at Greenville, and
also for the erection of a building for a United
States court-house at that place. I move the
reference of this document to the Committee
on Public Buildings aud Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of the
Sons of Temperance of the State of Indiana,
signed by II. H. Lee, grand worthy patriarch,
and John B. Ahbett, grand scribe, asking for
a commission of inquiry concerning the results
of the traffic in intoxicating liquors, and of
restrictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of intemperance ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented thepi-tition of
J. L. Pickard, superintendent of schools at
