1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
Chicago, Illinois, asking that what is known
as the Japanese indemnity fund may be ap-
plied to purposes of education in Japan ; which
was referred to the Committee ou Foreign
Relations.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Antonio Pelletier, praying the passage of a
law authorizing the President of the United 1
States to request the republic of Hayti to in-
demnify him for certain losses; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying the passage of the bounty
land bill ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee ou Public Lauds.
Mr. CALDWELL. I present a memorial
from Dr. Marv E. Walker on behalf of women,
citizens of the United States of America. I
suggest, as the memorial is very brief, that it
may be the pleasure of the Senate to hear it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the peti-
tion be read,? ["Nol" "Nol"] A brief
statement of it can be made under the rule by
the Senator presenting it. To what committee
does the Senator desire its reference?
Mr. CALDWELL. To the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of the
Hickman Lodge of Good Templars of North i
Carolina, signed by its officers, praying for the ;
prohibition of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used '
as a beverage in the Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia; which
was ordered to lie on the table. j
He also presented the petition of William
B. Muse, late a lieutenant in the United States I
Navy, praying compensation for extra services
performed by him during the Mexican war and
while ou the coast of California whisk be- j
longed to a higher grade than that of his rank;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of soldiers I
'and sailors of ^Baltimore, Maryland, praying
for the passage of the bill entitled " An act to
enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows aud orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
United States;" which was referred to the
Committee ou Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of soldiers of
Jacksonville, Illinois, praying the passage of
the bill grantiug bounty and land warrants to
all honorably discharged soldiers, sailors, and
marines of the late war for the Union ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Frederick Stewart, private company G, twenty-
third Ohio volunteers, praying for an invalid
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that the following order
be made:
Ordered, That Sarah Ferguson, widow of Hugh T.
Ferguson, be authorized to withdraw from the flies
of the Senate the papers connected with House bill
No. 652.
This is a pension bill. The claimant has
died since it was introduced, and the widow
asks leave to withdraw the papers.
Leave was granted.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that an order be made
that the papers relating to the claim of W. W.
Eliott be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. One Congress ago the case was
reported on favorably by the Committee ou
Claims but not acted upon.
Leave was granted.
bills introduced.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1382) fixing the salaries of certain officers
of the Post Office Department; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent 1
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1383) for the relief of William B. Muse; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S- No.
1384) authorizing the Secretary of War to have
a monument erected at Salisbury, North Car-
olina, to the memory of the soldiers who died
in prison and are buried there; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1385) to establish a United States land i
office at the crossing of the Northern Pacific
railroad on the npper Missouri river, in the
Territory of Dakota; which was read twice
by its title^ referred to the Committee on Pub- |
lie Lands, and ordered to be printed. !
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1886) for the relief of Mylo Camp, of Morri-
son county, Minnesota; which was rend twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1387) for the improvement of the
harbor of Washington, and making appropria-
tion therefor ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, aud ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1388) to improve the river front of Washing-
ton city; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1389) for the relief of Catharine Barry;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1390) for the relief of the widow and children
of the late Major David P. Heap; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
obligation op railroad companies.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution, which wag considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resoived, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to inform the Senate
whether or not the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and the Union Pacific Railroad Company, or
any others of the companies bound by law in the
same manner, have complied with the provisions of
the sixth section of the act of July 1,1862, requiring
the said companies, on the completion of their
roads respectively, to apply at least five per cent,
of the net earnings of the road upon the bonds
issued to them by the Unitei States and of the interest
thereon until the same are paid; and if they, or any
of them, have not complied with the said provisions
of law, upon what grounds, if any, such non-com-
pliance is sought to be justified.
. message from this housb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersov, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
964) to amend an act entitled "An act to
amend the fifth section of an act entitled 'An
act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts,' approved July 2, 1862, so as to extend
the time within which the provisions of said
act shall be accepted and such colleges estab-
lished," approved July 23, 1866.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2291) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in compliance with Senate res-
olution of the 8th instant, a report of the Act-
ing Commissioner of Indian Affairs, relative
to existing difficulties with the Modoc and
other Indian tribes in northern California;
also stating that there are additional papers
in the Department so voluminous and of the
same import that they will not be furnished
unless desired; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
territorial laws, etc.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate laws, memorials, and resolutions of
the Territory of Montana, passed at the sev-
enth session of the Legislative Assembly be-
gun at Virginia City, Monday, December 4,
1871, and concluded January 12, 1872; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
the currency specie payments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further morning business the Senate resumes
the consideration of the Calendar under the
Anthony rule; but the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] bad unanimous consent at one
o'clock to day to present a report of the Com-
mittee on Finance on the subject of a bill in
regard to specie payments, and to address the
Senate thereon. The Calendar, therefore,
will be informally passed over.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1318) supplemental to an act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of the
United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof, approved
June 3, 1864, and to secure an elastic cur-
rency, to appreciate national obligations, and
to reach specie payments without, commercial
embarrassments, have agreed, I may say unan-
imously, on a substitute which they offer as
an amendment-to the bill intioduced by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham.]
The substitute of the committee proposes free
banking after the 1st of July next and specie
payments or qualified specie payments after
the 1st of January next, and is the result of
the most careful consideration given to this
whole class of subjects, embracing all the
topics connected with our currency and the
resumption of specie payments. In order that
the general views of the committee, so far as
they can be given by one member, may go out
with this proposition, I have condensed as
far as I could in the fewest words the gen-
eral reasons which control the action of the
committee.
The restoration of our currency to a specie
standard is an object of primary importance.
The present condition of our currency governs
and controls all other questions of political
economy, and until we make it conform to and
be the equivalent of money—of gold coin, the
recognized standard of money among all civil-
ized nations—we cannot rest upon a solid
basis for any kind of business or for public or
private credit. Every man now buys or sella
upon a fluctuating standard of measurement.
Every man who borrows feels that he may be
compelled to pay in a different money than he
receives. Every producer feels that to the
uncertainty of supply and demand he must
also speculate upon the uncertainty of the kind
and value of money with which he is to be
paid. The merchant must not only guard
against dangers by fire and water, but against
"corners" or artificial stringency of money.
The people at large, while boasting of their
restored credit, of vast payments on thoir pub-
