1873.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ding June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy," approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, is so far modified as to au-
thorize and permit the President of the United
States to nominate, and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to appoint., one As-
sistant Adjutant General with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a major in the said depart-
ment.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXVTIL—An Act to amend an
Act entitled "An Act to establish the De-
partment of Justice, and lor other pur-
poses."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the twelfth section
of the act entitled "An act to establish the De-
partment of Justice, and for other purposes,
approved June twenty-second, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, is hereby amended so as to
read as follows: "that it shall be the duty
of the Attorney General to make to Congress,
at the commencement of each regular session
of Congress, a report of the business of the
said Department for the last preceding fiscal
year, and of any other matters appertaining
thereto, that he may deem proper, including
a statement of the several appropriations no w,
or which may hereafter be, placed under its
control, the amount appropriated, and a de-
tailed statement of the amounts used for de-
fraying the expenses of the United States
courts in each judicial district; also the sta-
tistics of crime under the laws of the tinned
States, and a statement of the number ot
causes, civil and criminal, pending during the
preceding year in each of the several courts
of the United States.
Sec 2. That the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
to furnish to the head of th® Department ot
Justice, from time to time, as they may be
published, a sufficient number of the statutes
of the United States, and the reports of the
Supreme Court of the United States, to be by
him distributed to such officers of the courts
of the United States as are now or may here-
after be by law entitled to receive them ; and
all laws or parts of laws authorizing the dis-
tribution of such statutes and reports of the
Supreme Court to the officers of the courts, of
the United States by the head of any other
Executive Department of the Government be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 3. That a register of such books shall
be kept, under the authority of the head of the
Department of Justice, showing the quantity
of each bind received by him m pursuance ot
this act; and it shall be his duty to cause to be
entered in such register, and at the_P™per
time, when, where, and to whom the same, or
any part of them, have been distributed and
delivered, and to report the same to Congress
in his annu al report. •
Approved, March 3, 1876.
Chap. CCXL.—An Act to authorize the
unlading of Steamships at night.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of the collector of customs (with the concur-
rence of the naval officer, if there be one,)_of
any port at which a steamship from a foreign
port or place may arrive, upon or after the
issuing of a general order, to grant upon proper
application therefor, a special license to unlade
the cargo of said vessel at night, that is to say,
between sunset and sunrise; but before any
such special license is granted, the master,
agents, or consignees of the vessel shall exe-
cute and deliver to the said collector a good
and sufficient bond, to be approved by him,
conditioned to indemnify and save the said col-
lector harmless from any and all losses and
liabilities which may occur or be occasioned by
reason of the granting of such special license :
And provided. That any liability of the mas-
ter or owner of any such steamship to the
owner or consignee of any merchandise landed
from said vessel shall not be affected by the
granting of such special license or of any gen-
eral order, biit such liability shall continue
until said merchandise is properly removed
from the dock whereon the same may be
landed ; and the collector, under such general
regulations as the Secretary of the .treasury
may prescribe, shall fix a uniform and reason-
able rate of compensation for like service, to
be paid by the master, owner, or consignee
whenever such special license is granted, and
shall collect and distribute the same among
the inspectors assigned to superintend the
unlading of the cargo.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXIX.—An Act fixing the time
for the Election of Representatives
State of California to the^Srty-Fourth Con-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thaton the first Wednes-
day in September, m the year eighteen hun
dred and seventy-four, there shall be elec'ted
in each congressional district in the State of
California one Representative to represent said
State in the Forty-Fourth Congress of the
United States.
Approved, March 6, ivio.
Chap. CCXLL—An Act to provide for the
preparation and presentation to Congress
of the Revision of the Laws of the United
States, consolidating the Laws relating to
the Post Roads, and a Code relating to Mil-
itary Offenses, .and the Revision ot treaties
with the Indian Tribes now in force.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilousa of Rep-
resentatives of the United States.oJ America w
Congress assembled, That acommittee of three,
of the Committee of the House of Representa-
tives on the Revision of the Laws, with com-
mittee Oil the part of the Senate, is hi.reby
authorized, by resolution, to be filed in th<
Department of Justice, to accept, on the pait
of Congress, the draft on revision of the laws,
of the United States prepared by the commis-
sioners to revise the statutes, so tar as the
same has been reported by them, and may be
hereafter reported by them, at the expira ion
of the time designated for performing that
service, to wit: the fourth day ot May, eigh
teen hundred and seventy three, and to d s
charge said commissioners, from and altei
which all acts and parts of ac^..d®®la",ig ^
duties, powers, rights, and privil.sges of said
commissioners, are hereby repealed , but noth
ina herein contained shall be construed as an
approval or adoption by Congress of any part
of the work of the commissioners.
Sec 2. That the Committee of the House
of Representatives on the Revision of the Laws,
together with such committee as the Senate
mav ioin, be, and they hereby are, authorized
ToContract With some suitable person or per-
fo«sCnedin the law, to prepare:a bil Ire
vising and embodying in one act aU the laws
authorizing post roads in forceat the expnvi
tinn nf the present session ot Congress, anu
also to prepare a bill codifying and regulating
the laws in regard to military
in* to the recommendation made by the rres
ident of the United States in his annual mts
communicated to Congress at the present
session, and also to prepare a revision of all
the Indian treaties now in force as law:
Sec. 3. That said committee are also au-
thorized to contract with some suitable per-
son or persons under the supervision of said
committee and such regulations as may be .by
them prescribed, to prepare the revision of the
statutes already reported by the commissioners,
or which may be reported before said fourth
day of May, in the form of a bill, to be pre-
sented at the opening of the session of Con-
gress in December next, embodying all the
laws so revised and the bills and provisions
herein provided for, with proper indexes, SO
that the same may be in form to be acted upon
forthwith bv Congress at said session.
Sec. 4. That said committee is further au-
thorized to have such revisions and bills printed
by the Congressional Printer from time to time,
uniform with the revision already reported, and
to distribute them, and also the consolidation
and codification of the postal and military laws
and treaties herein provided for, to members
of Congress and others competent to judge ot
their merits, in order for their correction by
such persons. , ,
Sec. 6. That any moneys appropriated for the
payment of the work herein provided for shall
be disbursed by the Department of Justice from
time to time only so far as that Department shall
bo satisfied that the work has been well and
faithfully performed, and as said Department
shall be satisfied that the work will be fully done
and completed by the commencement ot said
session of Congress in December next.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXLIL—An Act to provide for the
Apportionment of the Territory of Wyoming
for Legislative purposes. ^
Beit enacted by the Senate and House ofhep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Conqress assembled, That the apportionment
of the Territory of Wyoming for the election
of members of the. next Legislative Assembly
of said Territory shall be made by the gov-
ernor thereof, in accordance with the provisions
of an act of Congress entitled "An act to pro-
vide a temporary government for the territory
of Wyoming," approved July twenty-fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight: 1 rovidcd,
That for the purpose of such apportionment it
shall not be necessary to take a new or addi-
tional census or enumeration of said lerriLory.
ArpitovED, March 3, 1873.
Chap. ccxliii.-An Act to amend the Law
requiring Consular Officers to collect three
mon tils' extra pay for Seamen m certain cases.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of f™cncain
Conqress assembled, That the law to regulate
the consular system of the United States which
requires consular officers to collect, three
months' extra wages upon the discharge o
seamen be, and the same hereby is, so amended.
as to permit said officers whenever, after-a full
hearing of both parties, the cause of discharge
is found to be the misconduct of the seaman,
to remit so much of the extra wages as is now
by law paid to the seaman discharged . I to-
vided, That relief can immediately be offered
to such seaman by reshipment without expense
to the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1 7<5.
Chap. CCXLIV.-An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to prevent Smuggling, and
for other purposes," approved July eigh-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates oj Amei nam
Congress assembled, That the seventh section
of the act entitled "An act to further prevent
