628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
lie debt, vet must t'eel that the public debt, held
bv them in the torm ut United States notes,
is lo.-v- \nluao.e than gold, which it promises to
p.i\ ; it is .t*s.  \.i'.u.ible thanany other t'oruj of
pi.bi o deb", and torees by its own depreciation
the depreciation ot the notes of banks able to
pay in speiie. Il is a currency rigid, index-
ible in amount, and theretore of variable
value—to-day worth four per cent, a year and
to-morrow worth two per cent, a month.
It is the basis for a banking circulation that
is practically irredeemable because the United
States notes are themselves irredeemable.
And vet, with all these defects, the currency
of the United States is so much better, safer,
and more satisfactory than any we have had
before that our constituents dread when we
deal with acknowledged defects lest in curing
these defects we depri\ e them of a currency
nnder which they have made greater progress
than ever before in our national history. It
is the fear that in some way we may impair
the vast benefits we have gained from our
national currency that so many oppose raising
it. to a specie standard. While they acknowl-
edge that paper money that is irredeemable,
that on its face falsely promises what it does
not perform, that is subject to artificial specu-
lative fluctuations in value, that lacks flexi-
bility in amount to meet the changing wants
of commerce, yet they fear that to correct
these evils by making it equivalent to gold
coin w.il produce other evils of greater injury
to trade, and especially burdensome to the
debtor class. It is feared that specie pay-
ments will produce a contraction of the cur-
rency and those kindred panics which in
our past history caused widespread ruin and
disaster. It is for Congress to determine
whether it is possible while maintaining our
present system of national currency to bring
it by wise legislation to the standard of gold
without producing the evil results anticipated
from a resumption of specie payments.
No one in dealing with such a question on
which there is so great a diversity of opinion,
and so varied an interest, should speak with
assured confidence. The only safe way is to
pri ceed slowly and take no step that will not
tend m the right direction, aud to reject ail
measures the practical results of which cannot
be clearlv marked by experience.
I propose first to show that we are bound by
every obligation of law, of promise, of judicial
authority and of public policy to make the
United State3 notes equivalent in value to gold
coin.
United States note3 were issued under the
authority of the acts of Congress passed Feb-
ruary '25, 1802, July 11, 1862, and March 3,
1803. Other acts somewhat modified their
conditions, but these were the governing acts.
They were issued during a time of war, when
all the existing banks had suspended and
when coin was inadequate to meet the enor-
mous wants of the Government. They were
made lawful money and a legal tender in pay-
aient^of all debts, public and private, within
the United States, except for duties on im-
ports and interest on the public debt. During
the entire war they were practically receiv-
able at par in payment for all bonds offered by
the t nited States, and for a part of the time
theyweie in terms convertible into bonds at
the pleasure of the holder. They are made
the basis ot the entire system of national
banks, whose notes are payable in United
States notes. 1 he amount is carefully limited,
the highest limit being four hundred and fifty
millions by the net of March 3, 1803, some-
what restricted by the act of June 30, 1804,
which declared that the total amount of United
States notes issued or to be issued should
never exceed four hundred million dollars
and such further sum not exceeding fifty mil-
lions when temporarily required for the re-
demption of temporary loans. They were
still further restricted by virtue of the act of
April 12, 1800, under which all the temporary
i loan was funded into bonds, and forty-four
! millions of the notes were retired and can-
celed. By the act of February, 1868, the
amount of United States notes was fixed at
three hundred and fifty-six millions, that
being the sum then outstanding, and there is
now no authority in law tor their increase or
reduction.
Under the law as it now stands we have
three hundred and tifty-six millions of " law-
ful money'' which measures all values except
of imported goods. It measures the value of
all other currency except coin, and including
bank notes and fractional notes. It is payable
in coiu, but the time of payment is not fixed.
It i8 inflexible in amount and irredeemable
except as Congress may provide for its future
redemption.
Aside from its value to pay internal taxes
and as a legal tender for debts it has the
promise of the United States to pay it in coin.
By the first act of General Grant's adminis-
tration, to wit, the act of March 18, 1869, it is
enacted:
"And the United States also solemnly pledges its
faith to make provision at the earliest practicable
period for the redemption of the United Statesnotea
iu coin."
This act, entitled "An act to strengthen the
public credit," gave the first specific pledge to
redeem their not>-s in coin. i3ut the several
acts under which the notes were issued author-
ized the promise of the United States to pay
so many dollars, and the law in force declared
that a dollar should consist of twenty-five and
eight tenths grains of standard gold nine
i tenths tine. The notes on their face contain
the promise of the United States to pay so
many dollars to the bearer payable at the
Treasury of the United States in New York.
The Supreme Court of the United Slates have,
in two cases, held that these notes are valid
obligations of the United States to pay in
coin. In the case of the Bank of New York
vs. Supervisors, (7 Wallace Rep., p. 30,) the
Chief Justice says of the United States notes :
"Every one of tliem expresses upon its face an
engagement of the nation to pay to the bearer a
certain sum. The dollar note is an engagement to
pay a dollar, and the dollar intended is the coin
dollar of the United States, a certarn quantity in
weight and fineness of gold or silver authenticated
as ,-uch by the stamp of the Government. No other
dollars hail before been recognized by the Legislature
of the national (iovernment as lawful money."
; Every United States note is, then, a promise
to pay gold. No time is fixed for the payment,
and no provision is made. A promise to pay
! with no time fixed is a promise to pay on de-
| mand. Such an obligation would be enforced
1 against any citizen by any court in the United
States of competent jurisdiction. Every Uni-
ted States note, then, is a dishonored obliga-
tion, a promise to pay, but with no payment or
provision for payment. It is also a depreciated
promise; it iB a promise to pay gold, and yet no
one will pay gold for it; and it is daily sold at a
discount often to fifteen per cent. Tested by
the rules of law between individuals it would
be enforced by sale on execution and by pro-
cess of compulsory bankruptcy. Yet it is the
j promise of the United States. Surely the dis-
, honor of this broken promise can have no
, longer an excuse in the necessity of war.
, That has passed away. Nor in want of ability,
| for a single year's surplus revenue would re-
store these notes to par in coin. It is now
four years since we solemnly pledged the
national faith to redeem them in coin at the
earliest practicable period. Can any man say
that this has not been practicable at auy time
within four years?
Not only do the act of Congress and the
Supreme Court define our obligation, but the
organized action of both the great parties
have promised specie payments. Theliepub-
lican party in national convention expressed
the hope and promise of perfecting our cur-
rency by a speedy resumption of specie pay
ments, and the Democratic party indorsed
aud approved the promise of the Cincinnati
convention of a speedy resumption of specie
payments.
While no doubt some of our constituents
shrink from the apparent f'.ill of prices that
will probably (low from resumption, yet it, is
manifest that we cannot longer postpone a
fulfillment of all the promises that have been
made. To delay longer is to tamper with the
public honor and familiarize our people with
an open, palpable, long-continued breach of
the public faith. We have now for near eight
years since the close of the war approached
resumption in gradual stages by the growth
of ourindustry, the improvement of our credit,
and new demands for our currency. We have
placed our debt where it will melt away by
the silent operation of a sinking fund ; we
have largely reduced its volume ; we have
repealed more than one half the taxes levied
by the United States; we have adjusted those
that remain so that they fall as lightly as pos-
sible upon the people, and are now in a posi-
tion of-such strength and credit that we can,
if we will, redeem the only broken promise of
the United States by a resumption of specie
payments.
I have presented the argument of public
faith in the foreground, for it is the first to be
considered ; but specie payment is not only
required by public faith, but it is now de-
manded by public policy ; or, to use a nar-
rower phrase, it is wise political economy.
Experience has established that every na-
tion using a depreciated currency loses in ex-
changes with a nation having a better currency.
If we buy abroad specie is the standard of
value, and the cost of the article, too, is at once
increased by an addition of the depreciation
of our money and a perceutage for exchange
and risk. What we sell abroad is also meas-
ured by the specie standard, and the loss by
exchange, whether we buy or sell, is paid by us.
This loss is more severe when applied to con-
tracts to be paid in the future, and especially
to railroad and other bonds payable after a
period of years. These bonds must be paid
in gold, whether the gold is stipulated for or
not, and yet the price paid for them is usually
in currency. We pay in gold and receive in
currency, and thus at the outset submit to a
loss of the entire depreciation of our currency.
The interest paid on this discount of our bonds
would in many cases if applied as a sinking
fund pay off the whole of the principal before
it accrues.
That a depreciation of the currency always
injuriously affects a community in which it
exists was shown by the experience of the Col-
onies before the war of independence. In
each of them some form of depreciated money
was used. The value of the pound and shil-
ling in current use was only from one half to
par of the value of the standard coin of Great
Britain ; and this depreciation often measured
the poverty or necessity of the Colony using
it. With the currency in common use before
the late war, and which depended entirely
upon the law of the State authorizing it, the
notes of the western States were as a rule de-
preciated and those States suffered the loss,
while in the eastern States, in which a better
banking system prevailed, the notes were
maintained at the specie standard, and great
profits aud accumulations were made by their
practical monopoly of the banking business.
The great body of our people-do ugt pause to
consider their loss by the use of depreciated
money. It is lawful money, it buys all the
necessaries of life, it pays debts, it is conven-
ient to carry, and is of uniform value through-
out the United States and is amply secured.
Their advantages are obvious and satisfactory,
but all of them can be better secured with a
currency that will purchase as much food or
clothing as the same sum in gold coin; that
will measure the products of all other nations
as well as our own, and is not subject to the
fluctuations and speculative changes of our
present currency.
