630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
the general use of paper money, is it not rea-
sonable to suppose that all of it now outstand-
ingcan be maintained in circulation on a specie
standard?
It must be remembered that the total amount
of United States notes is now $35(3,000,000;
that very large sums must be retained by the
banks as their reserve; that large gold reserves
are now held in the Treasury ; that the notes
are widely circulated, have the confidence of
the people, and can be supported by the pub-
lic credit. Under these circumstances it is
scarcely probable that any considerable sum
will be presented for redemption. If presented
they can again be paid out in tlie course of
the public disbursements. Specie payments
can thus be resumed without a contraction of
the currency and with only the change of
nominal values for the real standard of value
ttie world over.
The chief requisite is that the public have
assured confidence in our ability to maintain
resumption. This is indispensible, and when
it exists actual redemption by payment of coin
is comparatively rare. This confidence or
credit can be given by either of three expe-
dients :
1. The maintenance in the Treasury of a
large reserve in coin.
2. The authority in the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell bonds for coin to maintain
redemption.
3. To authorize an alternative redemption,
either in coin or bonds.
The first is subject to the objection that it
keeps idle a vast sum only needed in case
of a panic, when it will be insufficient. The
second is subject to a greater objection, that
as the power could only be used in a strin-
gent money market, it would lead to great
sacrifices of public securities and add fuel to
the existing panic. The third mode requires
no reserve; it could operate only while, from
panic or unforeseen causes, our bonds are
below par in coin, and as a temporary suspen-
sion of specie payments, alike beneficial to the
United States and to the business community.
This plan impties that the United States will
make its provisional redemption in a bond so
intrinsically valuable that it will be generally
at par in gold.
I do not overlook the fact that resumption
by the United States will test the strength of
the national banks and prove whether or not
they are entitled to public confidence. But
their present condition, with au aggregate sur-
plus fund far beyond the difference betw-een
currency and coin, justifies the conviction that
they will meet the public expectations. With
specie redemption the system becomes free.
The fluctuations of their currency will be but
the healthy ebb and flow of commerce. .Re-
demption will then become a fact, ajid will
check the tendency of the country banks to
employ their currency in Wall street specula-
tions. As they may redeem in coin or United
States notes, they will have the benefit of the
alternative redemption provided as to United
States notes, so that the sacrifice of these
securities that generally follows specie pay-
ments during a panic can go no further than
the payment of their bonds for their notes, par
for par.
Again, a specie standard will also bring
gold and. silver coin into actual use. The
amount now hoarded has been variously esti-
mated, and, with that deposited in the Treas-
ury and in circulation in California, cannot be
less than two hundred millions. This will
probably take the place of legal tenders as
bank reserves, and thus add to the present
volume of currency. Even if epecie payments
should cause the retirement or funding of fifty
millions of United States notes, their place
will more than be filled by the coin let loose
from its present banishment. I therefore con-
clude that fears of evil results from a specie
standard are greatly exaggerated ; that there
!l will be no contraction of the currency, no
j disturbance of real values, no suspension of
j business, but that our present United States
| and banknotes will pass as usual in the ordin-
i ary exchanges of life, measuring the value
of all property, whether produced here or
j abroad, equal to the real money of the world,
and with no taint of dishonor or depreciation
about it.
There is one incident to a specie standard
that must not be overlooked. It is the wide-
spread injury produced by a sudden panic,
when confidence is temporarily dethroned and
all demand specie at once. With the paper
currency in use in the United States before the
war such a panic was ruin and bankruptcy.
In such a time the right to demand specie cre-
ated evils and disasters which with irredeem-
able and depreciated paper money would
only cause a further depreciation until gen-
eral causes restored confidence. It is com-
monly said that with specie payments we had
the panics of 1837, 1847, and 1857, while with
irredeemable greenbacks we have met a war,
the fire at Chicago, and other calamities with-
out a panic : ergo, a specie standard is a fallacy.
To express it as the English did when specie
payments were suspended, guineas are a use-
less incumbrance.
This reasoning only proves that when by
war or panic specie payments are suspended
a nation may by the use of paper money alane
develop its resources and attain high financial
prosperity. But it is also true that history
furnishes but two examples of such success,
j and in both cases specie payments were con-
j stantly promised and kept in view, while the
public credit was maintained by collecting its
revenue and paying its debt in coin. In Great
Britain during her wars with Napoleon the
Bank of England notes were a depreciated,
irredeemable paper currency, but they were
never made a legal tender and their credit
was supported not only by promises of but by
attempts at resumption. In the United States
the secret of our success with paper money
was the careful limitation of its amount, the
payment of our interest in coin, the collection
of our customs duties in coin, and the promise
of the United States to redeem all its notes in
coin with the confidence of our people that
this would be done.
Not only the United States, but other nations
who conducted war with paper money alone,
without an expectation of coin redemption,
met with disastrous financial ruin. Such was
the experience of France with her assignats
and mandats, of the American Colonies with
continental money, and of the southern con-
federacy with their confederate notes. Most
of the modern nations of Europe have at-
tempted, at some period of their history to
bridge over their difficulties with Government
paper money, and with disastrous results.
Great corporations with the power of the Gov-
ernment behind them have furnished man
with examples of the folly of sustaining paper
money except by specie redemption. The
South Sea scheme in England, the Mississippi
Company of George Law in France, the Bank
of the United States, and the "pet banks" are
striking examples. J
If any one fact is proven by the experience ,
of mankind it is that gold and silver are the I
best possible standards of value. They have •
been so recognized by every nation from the j
earliest period of recorded time. However !
much nations might differ in religion, habits,
production or climate, they have not differed
in this primary axiom of exchange or barter.
Experiments have been tried with other stand-
ards from the iron of Lycurgus to the finest
bank-note engraving of modern times, but
all have resulted in the conviction that gold
and silver is the only true standard. Paper
money supported by the credit of a Government
is a convenient substitute greatly facilitating
exchanges by (he ease and safety of handling
and transmitting it, but it is not real money ;
it is only a promise to pay money, and the
only test of its character as false or true money
is its capacity to be converted into gold or
silver of prescribed weight and fineness.
The effort to continue the use of gold as the
I standard and paper money as the representa-
tive of gold has been for two hundred years
the most difficult problem of political economy.
Our own system, though the outgrowth of the
war, is believed to combine some advantages
superior to any now in use in the world. It
rests upon the credit of the Government. The
j Government promises to pay not only United
! States notes but the bank notes, and holds
security for the payment of the latter. it
combines the interests of the Government with
the interests of private persons, the owners
of the banks. It is as well distributed as the
nature of the case will allow. The United
States prints the bills of uniform style and
guards them against counterfeiting. Worn or
mutilated notes are at once replaced. The
notes must be of uniform value throughout the
United States. All that is needed to complete
the system is general specie redemption, but
with provision for temporarily suspending
specie payments in case of extreme necessity.
It was the want of some power legally to
suspend specie payments that led to the evil
results of the panics of 1837, 1847, and 1857,
and probably might have led to temporary sus-
pension on "black Friday" or after the Chi-
cago fire. In such cases a temporary suspen-
sion or some substitute for specie payments
is indispensably necessary unless paper cur-
rency is so restricted and limited in amount
as to be insufficient for the ordinary exchanges
of the country. All paper money must rest
to some extent upon confidence. When a
panic arises by some unforeseen event which
destroys confidence, theinstinct of every holder
of a bill or depositor in a bank is to convert
his money into gold. This feeling if wide-
spread and long-continued will break any
bank, however abundant its assets, and will
necessarily lead to the enforcement of debts
and general distress. Our national banking
system amply protects the note-holder, but it
does not in a time of specie payments suffi-
ciently protect a bank from an enforced sac-
rifice of its assets to maintain specie payments
at a time when the public good as well as the
existence of the bank demand a temporary
suspension. The same difficulty might arise
on the part of the United States in maintain-
ing specie payments on United States notes.
The reserve of gold in the Treasury might
be exhausted by a sudden demand. A war or
panic might cause such a demand for coin that
the United States might be unable to redeem
in coin. Such a contingency ought to be pro-
vided for in advance. The expedient adopted
in England of allowing the Bank of England
to raise the rate of interest on its loans, and
thus drawing in its assets to meet anticipated
dangers or demands, is not consistent with our
public policy. A discretionary power in pri-
vate persons or public officers over so delicate
a subject as the national currency ought to be
avoided. The national banks already possess,
in the custody of the Government, the means
to meet this difficulty. The best substitute for
specie payment, when from exceptional causes
it cannot be maintained, is the public credit.
If the United States cannot pay its note iu
coin, or any national bank cannot pay its note
in coin or in United States notes, then a pay-
ment in a bond of the United States, bearing
interest at such rate and upon such terms as
ordinarily to be above par in gold, would pro-
vide for an alternative redemption. It would
satisfy the public creditor, and prevent even
for a time any considerable depreciation of
the notes. In the meantime the notes are a
legal tender among our citizens, will pay debts
and fulfill contracts, and will, the moment
that exceptional causes pass by, be at par in
