1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
Neither the head of the bureau or Department
hold, in principle or practice, to the theory con-
tained in the alleged order.
With this statement of facts, fully exhibited by
the records of this offioe, I know you will be glad to
do simple justice to the bureau.
Pardon me if I say that your remarks upon sec-
tion six, act of July 4, 1864, coining from one who
has himself been a soldier, might generally be con-
strued by the country to indicate that this office
was unfriendly to the interests of deserving claim-
ants. The truth is that the working force of the
bureau is composed very largely of those who
have seen service and bear upon their persons the
severe marks of war. They are just as sympa-
thetic as you can be. But duty and law are their
proper masters now as when in the military service.
Striving to administer the law with a friendly and
liberal feeling, they must see that every case is
fairly and fully established, and while forbearing
to impose upon the beneficiaries of the Govern-
ment any unreasonable and unwarrantable requisi-
tions, yet, on the other hand, relaxing nothing of
what the law absolutely demands, and exacting a
compliance with such rules and regulations as are
deemed essential to guard against the admission of
fraudulent or improper claims.
I believe that the clerical force now intrusted
with these grave duties are competent and pains-
taking.
With a purpose to enforce just such laws as Con-
gress sees fit to enact in as liberal a spirit as a
fair construction will warrant, but with a determin-
ation to relax nothing of the vigilance necessary
to protect the interests *of the Government, I have
the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,
J. H. BAKER, Commissioner.
Hon. W. L. Stoughton,
House of Representatives.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, on the 27th
of last month I introduced into the House a
bill to provide for the equalization of bounties
to soldiers who served in the war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion. I ask the consent
of the House to print some remarks upon that
bill.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
TELEGRAPH COMMUNICATION WITH ARIZONA.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I wish to
have printed in the Globe a letter from the
Secretary of War, inclosing letters from Gen-
eral Schofield and General Sherman, in refer-
ence to the necessity of a telegraph in Arizona.
I wish them printed in connection with an
appropriation introduced to-day.
No objection was made.
The letters are as follows:
War Department, December 12,1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to transmit
to the United States Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives copies of papers showing the necessity
for telegraphic communication between the military
stations in Arizona additional to those heretofore
presented to the consideration of Congress in com-
munications from this Department of 28th February
and 26th March, 1872.
WM. W. BKhKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Headquarters Military Division of the Pacific,
San Francisco. California, October Is, 1872.
Sir'- I have the honor to forward herewith the
annual report of Brevet Major General George
Crook, commanding the Department of Arizona
to accompany my report of October 2, 1872.
I think it must now be evident that forbearance
toward the Apaches of Arizona has reached its ex-
treme limit, and that no course is left us but a. vigor-
ous and unremitting prosecution of the war they
have so long invited, until they are completely sub-
dued. I recommend that General Crook be given
ample means and full authority to deal with tnis
difficult problem. While the generous provision
made for those Indians who remain upon their res-
ervations should bo continued as long as necessary,
great care should bo taken not to afford m this man-
ner a place of refuge and of preparation for those
engaged in acts of hostility.
The department commander should have lull
authority to prevent such abuse, and tor this pur-
pose to impose all necessary restrictions upon the
Indians on reservations. .
The importance of telegraphic communication
whiththe principal points in Arizona is so great that
I unite with General Crook in again inviting atten-
tion to this subject, and beg leave to reier to.my
special report of December 12,18(1, for the detail.,
of the proposed line and estimated cost ot con-
struction. , . ,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. M. SCHOFIELD,
Major General Commanding.
Adjutant General, U. S. A,,', Washington, I). C.
[Indorsement.]
Headquarters of the Army,
Washington, D. C., October 31,1872.
Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.
I agree with General Schofield. that a condition
of war has existed and does exist in Arizona, and if
General Crook, as department commander, is to be
held accountable, he should be supplied more liber-
ally with all the authority and power of the War
Department to bring this condition of things to a
permanent conclusion. To this end there should
be telegraphic communication opened, as far at least
asPrescott; and if the local interests do not warrant
the construction of a line, Congress might either
appropriate the necessary money or grant a liberal
charter to encourage a private eompany. As to the
necessity for such a line, I suppose there can be no
difference of opinion.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, December 7,1872.
Official copies.
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
SUTRO TUNNEL.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, then ad
dressed the House in remarks which will be
printed in the Appendix.
Mr. MERRIAM. Mr. Speaker, I was
charmed with the ingenius presentation to the
House of one of the most remarkable propo-
sitions ever brought before a legislative body,
a proposition in aid of the Sutro tunnel, by the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] who, in the glow of polished elo-
quence, lost sight of many well established
principles in political economy and political
justice. But no eloquence can shut out the fact
that this pretended loan is a monstrous subsidy,
or themore cheering fact that the end of sub-
sidies is drawing near. Men have come to real-
ize, from examples all about us, that it is no
good fortune to be born with a silver spoon in
one's mouth, and that the success of the enter-
prises of our day depend not upon gifts, but
upon business management.
We have come to realize that subsidies are
antagonistic to American genius and the
healthy development of American enterprise.
But, Mr. Speaker, more dangerous than the
influence of subsidies is this attempted tres-
pass upon other men's rights. When we strip
this bill of all the glitter of rock-bound treas-
ure, and place it where it belongs to-day,
among the other productive industries of our
country, the language of the bill, in plain,
common-sense English, such as the taxpayers
of our country read, your constituents and
mine, means a bill to enrich an individual
at the expense of destroying a city. It means
more. It means a blow struck by Government
at the prosperity and the industry of its own
citizens, whom it is bound to protect. It means
more. It means a copartnership of this Gov-
ernment with the avarice of an individual to
drive worthy and unoffending citizens out from
under their own roofs into the houseless sage-
brush plains spread out before the hungry and
devouring mouth of the Sutro tunnel. It means
more. It means a triumph over Congress by
the most skillful lobbyist of modern times.
Mr. Speaker, when the precious metals were
first discovered in the hills where Virginia
City now stands the usual flow of miners and
adventurers centered there. Miners _ in those
days were without sufficient capital for heavy
quartz mining, often with no capital beyond
the pick and the shovel. Hence any plan
tending to save expenditure and economize
labor was readily entertained. About that
time appeared among the miners one Adolph
Sutro, who, though never a miner himself,
was destined to figure prominently in the his-
tory of the silver mines of Nevada. Like any
man of ordinary vision, he saw at a glance
that if a tunnel could be run through the mount-
ains from the foot hills, seven miles distant,
up to and under the mines, large enough to
lay a track and freight ores, it would not only
drain the mines, but save to the miners a large
outlay of money.
Such a scheme he presented to the miners
in the days of their comparative poverty.
They bound themselves to pay to Sutro a
royalty of two dollars per ton on all ores taken
out, (after his tunnel was constructed to a
certain point,) whether such ores were taken
out through the tunnel or not; a very hard
bargain at best, but one, if he fulfilled his con-
tract, they were ready to comply with. , Now
how readsthecontract on Sutro'spart ? That
Sutro was bound to procure subscriptions to
the capital stock of his company to the amount
of $3,000,000, and to commence work on the
tunnel and three shafts on or before the 1st
day of August, 1867, and expend $400,000
during the first year thereafter.
It is scarcely necessary to say that none of
the specifications in this contract was Sutro
able to fulfill: but when the contracts were
once signed, Sutro repaired to the capital, and
began to bore Congress instead of the liills of
Nevada; and here he has be«n ever sinc6, as
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
so pathetically expresses it, " eight long
years," costing this nation millions of dollars
by remorselessly consuming the time of its
paid servants; and here he is to-day, holding
Congress at bay, at the very close of a short
and hurried session, when important business
interests of forty million people must suffer
and wait upon the avarice of one man, whose
sole aim is self-aggrandizement.
His brazen effrontery has no parallel even
in this marvelous age. He first deceived the
miners with promises to finish the tunnel long
years ago, promises as empty as the dreams
of a lunatic. With his expiring contracts the
miners dismissed him ; other men with capital
came in, and in earnest work expended mil-
lions of dollars in erecting mills, local ma-
chinery for hoisting the ores, for ventilation
and draining. They, too, have built a city;
seven thousand American citizens are there;
millions of money is represented in their
magnificent, modern machinery, mills, and
reduction works. There they are, with their
vested rights and ownership of property.
Here we are, an American Congress, discuss-
ing the propriety of taking them away, to give
it over to Sutro. Great heavens I may not
the American people, as well as its Con-
gress, tremble before the audacious power of
the lobbyist. A wild speculative adventurer
is this Sutro. I speak it in no terms of per-
sonal disrespect; every man has his mission,
and the age bows to representative men.
Let me read from his pamphlet of Septem-
ber 1, 1866, at page 31, where he plays the
stockjobbing schemer that he may humbug
private capitalists. He says: "The cost of
tunnel, as per specifications in chief engi-
neer's report is $1,983,616." Mark the word
" engineer;" it signifies business. "Estimated
revenue, derived from various sources during
construction of main tunnel" $500,000; actual
amount of capital required $1,483,616, about
the amount he reports as having expended.
And now he calls for a gift of $3,000,000 from
the United States. But the committee, in gener-
ous consideration of the "dear people" only
ask us to give him $2,000,000. But let us read
on from his pamphlet, addressed to capitalists,
and now, behold, " says this spider to the fly."
lievenve from contracts with the Comstock lode.
"First, taking the present extraction of fifteen
hundred tons per day as a basis of revenue for the
future, we get a daily revenue for—
Drainage, 1,500 tons, at two dollars  $3,000
Transportation of ore, 1,500 tons, a t one
dollar  1,500
Transportation of men, 3,000, at fifty cents
each    1,500
Transportation of waste rock, 1,000 tons, at
one dollar    1,000
Transportation of timber, &e  200
Revenue per day  $7,200
Or per annum of 300 days §2,100,000
Revenue from the sale of water  200,000
Total   $2,860,000
