1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
The bill was reported to the Senate aa
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. The |
bill was read the third time, and passed. ;
STATE GOVEUNMENT OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. MORTON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution, and ask for its
present consideration :
Jicmlved, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections be instructed to inquire and report to the
Senate whether there is a legal State government in
Louisiana, and how and by whom it is constituted.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Is there ob-
jection to the consideration of the resolution?
The Chair hears none, and the question is on
its passage.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not desire to object
to the resolution ; I am quite willing that it
should be considered now, but I should not
like to vote for it unless the Senator from Ind-
iana will tell us something about it.
Mr. MORTON. The Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections are already charged with
an investigation which covers the most of the
ground we shall be required to travel over per-
haps to make an answer to this inquiry; but
the present investigation is confined simply to
the question of electors, which is all the com-
mittee will have authority to report upon. It
seems to me that it would save time and trou-
ble to extend the power of the committee in
this way. This question has got to be met we
all know ; and I present the resolution, I will
state, by the authority of the majority of the
committee.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that I
shall vote against this resolution; on the con-
trary, my first impression is to vote for it ; but
I think it had better be considered a little.
There is one thing, however, about it that
strikes me as an imperfection. It provides no
means by which this inquiry can be made. I
am inclined to think that some expense will
be incurred in making this inquiry- whether
there is a State government, and it so, what
that State government is.
Let us see, in general, what we know on the
subject. We know that there are two individ-
uals each of whom has been inaugurated as
Governor of Louisiana. We know that there
are two bodies each of whom claims to
be the Legislature of Louisiana. We know,
therefore, that there is a question, which is
the State government of Louisiana, who is
the Governor, and who are the Legislature.
Now, as I understand it, the President of the
United States has recognized one of these
Governors and one of these Legislatures,
but that recognition by the executive depart-
ment is not binding upon Congress. Nothing
can be clearer than that. We are not bound
by his recognition. It may be good so far as
the executive department is concerned until
Congress shall act, or it may_ not be ; but
assuming that it may, it is not in any degree
whatsoever binding upon Congress. Nothing
can be clearer than that. Indeed to Congress
more than to the President must belong the
determination of which is the proper State
government where there are two governments
or so-called governments in a State, each
claiming to be the government of that State.
To Congress, I say, more than to the exec-
utive department must belong the determin-
ation of that question. This is manifest from
several provisions of the Constitution. Not
to mention others, each House of Congress
must decide who are entitled to seats in its
body. The Senate must necessarily determine
which is the true Legislature by which a Sen-
ator has been elected; and rfo in regard to
Representatives, the House of Representatives
must decide which certificate of the Governor
or alleged Governor is the true certificate,
who is the true Governor who can give that
certificate. So that upon Congress more than
on the executive department must depend the
determination of this question.
If this committee, without getting at the
real facts of the case, is merely to take the
recognition of the Executive as determining
the case, the inquiry will be of no use. But if
it is to go into the investigation fully and thor-
oughly and to ask for the means to go into it
and prosecute it thoroughly, then it seems to
me the investigation may be of some service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
think the Senator from Ohio ought to say,
in the sense in which I understood him, that |
it belongs at this moment more to Congress ji
than to the President of the United States to
determine what is the government of the State ,
of Louisiana, because Congress by the act of
1792 has expressly authorized the President
of the United States, and required him in
fact, to use the military power of the United j;
States, under the Constitution, for the sup- i|
pression of domestic violence on the call of ;
the Governor or of the Legislature of a State, j1
as the case may be, according to the Constitu-
tion; and it has been held, and of course |
necessarily so, that that confides to the Presi- ;
dent the duty, which he is bound to exercise iti <
answering such a call, of determining whether i
the call comes from the executive or the legis- 1
lative authority of the State, as the case may ;
be, and if there is a conflict he must for the
time being take the one or the other.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator had
listened to what I said, he would have seen
that there was no necessity to put that ques-
tion to me. I said that the recognition by the
President might perhaps be binding upon the
executive department of the Government and
the subordinates of that department for the
time being, but it does not conclude Congress
from acting on it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by  rty means.
Mr. STEWART. And it does not preclude
the President.
Mr. THURMAN. No; it does not preclude
| the President from changing his mind. I am
: not, however, prepared to say that because
i Congress has passed that act which provides
for a particular case where a call is made on
the President for the armed forces of the Gov- ;
ernment, that authorizes the President where
! there is no such call at all, voluntarily and
officiously (if I may so say without disre-
spect) to undertake to decide between two
rival governments in a State. I do not un-
dertake to say that he can do so. In fact I
do not quite understand these proceedings in
Louisiana. I do not quite understand how,
without any call by the State Executive of
j Louisiana, the troops of the United States
are employed there, in the language of Gen-
; eral Emory's dispatch, "to preserve the
| peace." I thought that it was the business
; of the State to preserve the peace, and that it
was not the business of the United States to
: interfere to preserve the peace until it was
called upon either by the Legislature, if it
was in session, or by the Executive when the
Legislature was not in session. I do not un-
derstand at all the dispatches which have gone
backward and forward between Washington
city and General Emory, authorizing him to
employ the troops of the United States to pre-
serve the peace. That is a thing I do not
| understand. The fact is that this whole
I Louisiana muddle is a thing that upsets a
! man's ideas who has ever had any ideas of
the Constitution of the country, so that he
does not know whether there is any Constitu-
tion left or not. But if this investigation is to
be made, and to be made thoroughly, it seems
to me that it may result in good, and I am not
opposing the investigation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad to know
that. But the Senator has taken occasion to
enlarge a little upon what he does not under-
stand, using his own language, in the way of
i criticising the President of the United States
at the head of the Army in doing what he has
j done. I suppose, from what the Senator from
1 Ohio says, that he would wish the President
 •• — 
of the United States to shut up his eyes and
stop up his ears and fold up his hands in respect
to carrying on his public duties until the cata-
clysm, to use a geological expression, had
come, until the city of New Orleans or the
State of Louisiana was imbruing itself in the
blood of citizens, and then he was to wake up
and find that something had happened, and
take a fortnight or three weeks to find out
which was the apparently true government for
the time being, and then act. That does not
comport with my ideas of executive duty. I
think it is the duty of the President of the
United States to foresee that there is a possi-
bility of collisions between rival claimants to
the administration of power, and to be ready
to meet that. What the dispatches that the
Senator speaks of mean, if he would inform
himself thoroughly, I think would be only that
a part of the Army being there, as it must
be somewhere, without offense to Louisiana
or to Ohio either, the President of the United
States has directed his subordinate officer, in
the event of a disturbance, to interpose on the
call of the proper authorities ; and it being
necessary, to decide in advance on the moment
who they are, just so far as the act of Congress
authorizes him to interfere; that is to say, if
there is a commotion arising suddenly in the
city of New Orleans between conflicting claim-
ants to executive or legislative power, the
general in charge is instructed in advance,
"You will for the time being take this side to
be the side representing the State, and you
will exercise the power that the law confers
upon yoa to keep people in a state of quiet."
Bat when gentlemen go beyond that, what the
marshal has done and what his posse of
assistants did was in obeying the mandates of
the courts, in which my friend from Ohio and
his associates, I think, have expressed the
greatest possible confidence as the true tribu-
nals to determine the rights of citizens to
whatever they may claim to have.
Mr. THURMAN. If the President of the
United States has done nothing but what is
authorised by the act of Congress, I am the
last man to censure him, and I have not cen-
sured him, because we have not the facts before
us; at least I have not the facts before me. I
say again, however, that so far as I know
there has been no call - upon the President of
the United States, either by the Executive
of Louisiana, or by the Legislature of Louis-
iana, to interfere with the military power of
the General Government. If there has been
I shall be glad to be corrected, and very glad
to make the acknowledgment that is due. But
if there has not been any such call, then I
quite deny that the President of the United
States can anticipate that there will be trouble
in a State without any call by anybody pur-
porting to be the Governor or Legislature of
that State, can interfere with the military arm
of the Government. Not at all, sir, can he
do any such thing.
And as to executing the decisions of the
courts of the United States, I do not know any
authority that a general of the Army of the
United States or that the United States mar-
shal has to call upon the troops of the United
States to execute them except in cases in which
it is expressly given to him by act of Congress.
And if this is such a case then I again confess
that I have overlooked any buqIj act.
And furthermore, when it comes to the
question of respect for judicial authority, my
friend says that we Democrats have had very
great respect for judicial authority——
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I did not say that.
1 said professed to have.
Mr. THURMAN. Professed to have! Very
well, sir; when he will show any case in
which we have ever professed that a district
judge of the United States had power to over-
turn a State government and set up a State
government according to his own will, that
upon an injunction bill he had power to take
possession of the State, and in direct violation
