1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
4 2d Cons...,3d Sess.
Chap. CCLVX— An Act to authorize the con-
tinued Employment of an Agent and Connsel
of the United States.
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States, in his
discretion, to continue the appointment and
employment of the present agent and counsel
of the United States, under articles twelve to
seventeen, inclusive, of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, concluded
May eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, and for said agent and counsel to act
under such continued appointment and employ-
ment, notwithstanding the election of the said
agent and counsel as a Representative in the
Forty-Third Congress: Provided, That such
appointment and employment shall not con-
tinue after said agent and counsel shall have
taken the oath of office as such Representative.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLVII.—An Act supplemental to an
Act entitled "An Act to incorporate the
Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and to
aid in the construction of its Road, and for
other purposes," approved March third,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one.
Beit enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the face value of all
bonds hereafter issued by the Texas and Pacific
Railroad Company, under the provisions of an
act approved March third, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, shall, at the option of the
company, be either in gold, or other lawful
money of the United States, bearing interest,
at like option of the company, either in gold,
or other lawful money of the United States;
and any mortgage heretofore executed by said
company, securing bonds payable in any law-
ful money of the United States other than
gold, and the bonds recited therein, and to
secure which, said mortgage was given, are
hereby legalized, and said mortgage and bonds
shall have the same effect as though they had
been authorized by the act to which this is a
supplement. Provided, That in all other
respects the requirements of that law in regard
to such mortgage and bonds have been fully
complied with.
Appp.oved, March 3, 1878.
Chap. CCLVIII.—An Act for the suppression
of Trade in, and Circulation of, Obscene
Literature and Articles of Immoral Use.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled. That whoever, within the
District of Columbia or any of the Territories
of the United States, or other place within the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States,
shall sell, or lend, or give away, or in any
manner exhibit, or shall offer to sell, or to
lend, or to give away, or in any manner to
exhibit, or shall otherwise publish or offer to
publish in any manner, or shall have in his
possession, for any such purpose or purposes,
any obscene book, pamphlet, paper, writing,
advertisement, circular, print, picture, draw-
ing -or other representation, figure, or image
on or of paper or other material, or any cast,
instrument, or other article of an immoral
nature, or any drug or medicine, or any article
whatever, for the prevention of conception, or
for causing unlawful abortion, or shall adver-
tise the same for sale, or shall write or print,
or cause to be written or printed, any card,
circular, book, pamphlet, advertisement, or
notice of any kind, stating when, where, how,
or of whom, or by what means, any of the
articles in (his section hereinbefore mentioned,
can be purchased or obtained, or shall manu-
facture, draw, or print, or in any wise make
any of such articles, shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof in
any court of the United States having criminal
jurisdiction in the District of Columbia, at in
any Territory or place within the exclusive
jurisdiction of the Unite'! States, where such
misdemeanor shall have been committed; and
on conviction thereof, he shall be imprisoned
at hard labor in the penitentiary for not less
than six months nor more than five years for
each offense, or fined not less that* one hun-
dred dollars nor more than two thousand dol-
lars, with costs of court. <o
Sec. 2. That section one hundred and forty-
eight of the act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to the Post Office.
Department, approved June eighth, eighteen"
hundred and seventy-two, be amended to read
as follows:
"Sec. 148. That no obscene, lewd, or las-
civious book, pamphlet, picture, paper, print,
or other publication of an indecent character,
or any article or thing designed or intended
for the prevention of conception or procuring
of abortion, nor any article or thing intended
or adapted for any indecent or immoral use or
nature, nor any written or printed card, circu-
lar, book, pamphlet, advertisement or notice
of any kind giving information, directly or indi-
rectly, where, or how, or of whom, or by yhat
means either of the things before mentioned
may be obtained "or made, nor any letter upon
the envelope of which; or postal-card upon
which indecent or scurrilous epithets may be
written or printed, shall be carried in the mail;
and any person who shall knowingly deposit,
or cause to be deposited, for mailing or deliv-
ery, any of the hereinbefore-mentioned articles
or things, or any notice, or paper containing
any advertisement relating to the aforesaid
articles or things, and any person who, in pur-
suance of any plan or scheme for disposing of
any of the hereinbefore-mentioned articles or
things, shall take, or causc to be taken, from
the mail any sueh letter or package, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on con-
viction thereof, shall, for every offense, be
fined not less than one hundred dollars nor
more than live thousand dollars, or impris-
oned at hard labor not less than one year nor
more than ten years, or both, in the discretion
of the judge."
Sue. 3. That all persons are prohibited from
importing into the United States, from any for-
eign country, any of the hereinbefore-men-
tioned articles or things, except the drugs here-
inbefore-mentioned when imported in bulk,
and not put up for any of the purposes before-
mentioned ; and all such prohibited articles in
the course of importation shall be detained by
the officer of customs, and proceedings taken
against the same under section five of this act.
Sec. 4. That whoever, being an officer,
agent, or cmploy6 of the Government of the
United States, shall knowingly aid or abet any
person engaged in any violation of this act,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
on conviction thereof, shall, forevery offense,
be punished as provided in section two of this
Sec. 5. That any judge of any district or
circuit court of the United States, within the
proper district, before whom complaint in
writing of any violation of this act shall be
made, to the satisfaction of such judge, and
founded on knowledge or belief, and, if upon
belief, setting forth the grounds of such belief,
and supported by oath or affirmation of the
complainant, may issue, conformably to the
Constitution, a warrant directed to the mar-
shal, or any deputy marshal, in the proper
district, directing him t,o search for, seize, and
take possession of any such article or thing
hereinbefore mentioned, and to make due and
immediate return thereof, to the end that the
same may be condemned and destroyed by pro-
ceedings, which shall be conducted in the same
manner as other proceedings in case of muni-
cipal seizure, and with the same right of appeal
or writ of error: Provided, That nothing in
this section shall be construed as repealing the
one hundred andforty-eighthsection of the act
of which this act is amendatory, or to affect
any indictments heretofore found for offenses
against the same, but the said indictments may
be prosecuted to judgment as if this section
had not been enacted.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCL1X.—An Act to establish a Board
of Local Inspectors of Steam Vessels for
the Customs District of Michigan, in the
State of Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be a local
board of inspectors designated and appointed
for the customs district of Michigan, in the
State of Michigan, and the inspector of hulls
and the inspector of boilers, composing the
said board, shall receive a salary of Dine
hundred dollars a year each.
.Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLX.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
tled "An Act to provide for the Redemp-
tion and Sale of Lands held by the United
States under the several Acts levying Direct
Taxes, and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That section six of an act
entitled "An act to provide for the redemp-
tion and sale of lands held by the United
States under the several acts levying direct
taxes, and for other purposes," approved
Juno eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, be amended so that it will read as
follows:
"Seo. G. That all money derived from the
sale of school-farm lands under the provisions
of section eight of an act entitled 'An act to
continue in force and to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a bureau for the relief
of freedmen and refugees and for other pur-
poses," ' approved July sixteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six; and all bonds pur-
chased with the proceeds of such sales, and
all moneys derived from ths leases of said
school farm lands by the direct tax commis-
sioners for the district of South Carolina,
under the instructions of President Lincoln,
dated September sixteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, shall be turned over to the
Secretary of the Treasury J y the officers of the
Government, in whose custody said money and
bonds maybe; and said moneys shall be by
said Secretary invested in bonds of the United
States, and with said aforenamed bonds shall
be by him retained as a fund for the use and
support of free public schools in the parishes
of Saint Helena and Saint Luke, South Caro-
lina, in equal parts, the interest of which shall
annually be expended to increase the efficiency
of any free public schools established and sus-
tained in said parishes by authority of said
State, if such school shall exist, otherwise at
the discretion of the commissioners herein-
after named; and such expenditures shall be
made under the direction and control of a
special board of three commissioners, who
shall be appointed by and act under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and re-
movable at his discretion, aud shall 'be duly
sworn that they will faithfully discharge their
duties as sueh commissioners, and shall give
such good and sufficient bonds therefor as said
Secretary shall require, and who shall not
receive more than one hundred dollars per
