1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Sir, this tunnel proposed in the first place
to allow the water to float out, and secondly to
transport rock to the surface on a horizontal
plane instead of by perpendicular shafts. En-
gineers of railroads have long since settled
the question that it is as cheap to operate two
miles of railroad on a level as one mile at
an elevation of fifty-two feet. By that simple
rule you can determine how much cheaper it
is to transport ores four miles on a level plane
than to hoist two thousand feet perpendic-
ularly. I here state the proposition, which
every engineer in the country will sustain,
that you can transport that ore forty miles on
cars on level tracks as cheaply as to hoist it
two thousand feet with magnificent steam en-
gines. Yet, instead of having to be trans-
ported through tunnels forty miles, the entire
length of this tunnel is only four miles,
making a saving almost incredible in amount.
But, sir, this is not only a measure to drain
the mines, not only to transport the ores to
the surface cheaply, but it is also to increase
the capacity of those who labor in the mines
for work itself. It is a well known proposition
as you descend into the bowels of the earth
the temperature rises; and they have reached
a point here where the thermometer shows
one huudred degrees Fahrenheit. Unfortun-
ately members of Congress never have had
an opportunity to work in a temperature of
one hundred degrees, unless they call sitting
here during the heats of summer physical labor;
but every one who has made the experiment
is aware when the thermometer rises to one
hundred degrees the capacity of the human
frame for industry is diminished at least thirty-
three per cent, and that thirty-three per cent,
is a dead loss to the productive industries of
the country, and to that extent increases the
cost of production of the precious metals.
But, sir, there is another, and, if you please,
a still higher object to be accomplished by
this proposed work. It is, sir, to purify the
atmosphere of those mines. It is, sir, to add
to the longevity of those people who immure
themselves in the bowels of the earth for the
production of this great measure of universal
value. It is a great health-giving proposition.
It is ventilation of the mines. It enables men
to live and work in health instead of sickness.
This, sir, is one of the great objects to be
accomplished by this enterprise.
But again, sir, we are told if this should
fail, if Mr. Sutro's ideas should prove futile,
if the tunnel should be driven in, and not
work after being driven in, the appropriation
made by Congress would be lost. Sir, you
might as well tell me that if the sun should
not rise to-morrow morning we should all
have a long sleep. No man who has ever
spent one year in the mining regions of the
world can ever admit that it admits of argu-
ment at all. For the tunnel to be driven in is
impossible.
But they say, suppose the mine should give
out below that depth. Sir, already the vari-
ous tunnels in the Comstock lode have devel-
oped low-grade ores enough to pay for mak-
ing such tunnels; low-grade ores that will not
bear the hoisting, that will not bear the
pumping, and ruinous lalsor and heats of
those mines for their production. Already, I
say, enough is developed, enough is known to
exist if utilized by this system of mining to
render the Sutro tunnel a grand success.
Hence, sir, failure in regard to ores is impos-
sible ; failure in successful operation is impos-
sible, because the experience of the mining
world from the silver mines of Europe to the
silver mines of South America, and from the
silver mines of South America to the very
deep diggings in California, in Cariboo, and
every gold-bearing region of the world has
demonstrated that the tunnel is the cheapest
method of working that man has ever devised.
This, as I said before, is no new theory of
Mr. Sutro; but he has had the courage and
the indomitable perseverance, against almost
insuperable obstacles, to carry this work
forward. Sir, the enterprise is gigantic, and
therein consists the whole difficulty. Four
miles of blasting through solid rock is beyond
the capacity of any ordinary man's pocket.
And, sir, in consideration of the results to be
accomplished, the purposes to be attained, the
great utility to the whole country, it is but fair
and right that the governmental pocket, to a
certain extent, should contribute to this ob-
ject. This bill asks the appropriation of the
proceeds of the sales of mineral lands to be
applied to this great work.
These people do not ask your mineral lands.
They do not ask the money out of your Treas-
ury. They do not ask to take hold of the
resources of the East and apply them to the
West. They say you are selling the mineral
lands of the West; give us the results of those
sales, to a limited amount, for carrying out the
grandest enterprise, by the development of
mining industry in this country, that has ever
been undertaken.
The logic, sir, of the opposition depends
upon three propositions, which I have already
incidentally stated : first, that it is cheaper to
hoist rock than it is to drop it down ; second,
that is cheaper to pump water than to let it
run of itself; and, thirdly, that it is cheaper
to pay ten dollars a ton for milling ores than
it is to pay five dollars. Now, to a certain
class of individuals, who consider that they
have the profoundest knowledge of human
nature, this may be true. I will give an illus-
tration. In 1863 I went to the' city of San
Francisco to make sale of a coal mine. And
among other grand features of it, which I
explained to the business men of San Fran-
cisco, was that coal could be mined from a
tunnel; that you could start in on veins of
coal and bring out coal in cars on a level.
One of the great coal men of California, as
he is now one of the great Comstock lode
men, said: "My dear sir, that is just the
objection I have to your coal mine. We have
a great many mines that we cannot work with-
out hoisting the coal; we do not want any
mines opened which will come in competition
with those which we are now working ; people
have to have coal, and it does not matter what
the coal costs us, as we can put our profit on
the cost." And therefore he did not want my
mine; it was too easily worked. "Now,"
said he, " when some onfe else buys your mine,
and I find that it is going to be developed, it is
cheaper for me to go into the market and buy
a majority of the stock, and shut the mine
down."
That is the theory of coal-mining, and the
same doctrine applies to the Comstock lode.
They can manipulate the stock and control
the mine just so long as they have trap-doors
which they can shut down at the mouth of
every shaft, and keep outsiders out; but when
you drive this great tunnel at right angles to
that lode, it opens all the secrets of the
Comstock lode to the whole country. It de-
stroys the machinations of the stock board of
San Francisco. I can see very well why these
men should oppose this measure. I can see
very well why they should oppose the giving
of the value of this Comstock lode to the
country. I have seen this thing operate in San
Francisco, not only in respect to silver, but to
coal and other mines, and I can see the good
sense and reason for these men not only to
oppose the Sutro, but any other measure which
would open a tunnel lo tiie Comstock lode.
But we are told another thing ; and that, is
that the miners are statisfied as they now are,
and wish to be let alone. Well, why are
they satisfied? I suppose, first, because they
think foul air is better to work in than pure
air; second, because they believe it is better
to work in an atmosphere of a hundred degrees
than in an atmosphere of seventy degrees; and
third, because they believe that a short life is
better than a long one. These are the reasons,
cogent perhaps here in Washington; but, sir,
they are death in Nevada. There is proof that
this is not the opinion of the miners in the
fact that the Representative from Nevada
comes here with a majority of eight hundred
ahead of his party ticket; and he comes* here
astradle of the Sutro tunnel. [Laughter.]
Bight hundred miners in that country, who
want to be let alone, have thrown their Repub-
licanism on one side, and have elected a Dem-
ocrat to this House, because he favored the
construction of this tunnel. Do you not see
that the miners are all opposed to this tunnel?
But we are told again that this Sutro tunnel,
if completed will destroy Virginia City. Sir,
this has been the argument of all conserva-
tives since time began. Every step mankind
has made forward has been met by the same
logic that we have heard here to-night. Every
wave of civilization which has swept around
the globe, waves away the accumulations of
unlimited ages before any progress can be
made. Sir, progress can only be made by the
destruction of that which preceded it. Why
has the aborigine melted away from the face
of the country ? It is because a superior civ-
ilization has taken his place and he could not
look it in the face. Every improvement you
make in life renders less valuable somet„,ng
inferior to it. Every patent you permit to be
taken out damages some man who works by
the old process, and if the Sutro tunnel is to
destroy Virginia City it must be so, but, sir, the
world should not stand still; the sun should
not rest in its course simply to save Virginia
City. The progress of the rest of the country
should not be arrested because ten thousand
men may suffer a dollar or two each in their
pockets. However, the men of Virginia City
take a broader comprehension of this question
than that. They are the very men who by
their votes have said to Congress that they
desire the progress of this work. They know
that in a few years from now, with the present
system of shafts and the carrying on of mining
operations, Virginia City itself must perish
by inanition. They know that the point is
rapidly being reached when the value of pro-
duction and the cost of production must come
together ; and from that time forward Vir-
ginia City must languish, until in a few years
the crows and the bats and the wolves will
haunt the streets and houses now populated
by the miners of Virginia City. They say,
therefore, that no matter what effect it may
have upon this locality, give us the Sutro
tunnel. It will give us two thousand feet
more in depth of mine, and will diminish
more than one half the cost of production,
and with that we can subsist here for the next
century under elements of continued pros-
perity.
But I have already occupied more time than
I intended to do upon this subject, simply
because my life for twenty years has been
principally in the mines. I feel that it is the
duty of the Government to step forward and
give this little aid to the mining interests of
America while it is showering untold millions
upon all the other industries of the land.
There is another view of this subject to
which I have not yet referred, but which is of
great importance in the proper consideration
of this measure; that is, the scientific point
of view. We send expeditions of discovery
to the north pole ; we send, at great expense,
our manufactures and productions to the ex-
positions at London, at Paris, at Vienna; we
give large subsidies to the steamship lines of
this country; we pay the Agricultural Depart-
ment over on the island here, untold thousands
of dollars to run its machinery and to enable
it to scatter its seed and its reports over the
length and breadth of the land ; we have our
boards of health in all the great cities of
America, at very great expense to the various
municipalities, States, and the nation at large ;
and yet to the extent to which this question
applies, it is more important than them all.
Build the Sutro tunnel, or render it possible
