2y8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March .3,
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
Laws of the United States.
year each for their services; also, that the acts
of the direct-tax commissioners for the district
of South Carolina, heretofore performed in
accordance with the instructions of Abraham
Lincoln, President of the United States of
America, to the direct tax commissioners 'for
the district of South Carolina, dated Septem-
ber sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
three, and the same are hereby, confirmed, so
far as they relate to the renting of the school
farms, so called in the said parishes, aud
the disbursement of the proceeds thereof."
This act shall be subject to amendment or
repeal at the pleasure of Congress. •
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Ciiap. CCLXI.—An Act for the creation of a
Court for the adjudication and disposition
of certain Moneys received into the Treas-
ury under an award made by the Tribunal
of Arbitration constituted by virtue of the
first Article of the Treaty concluded at
Washington the eighth of May, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, between
the United States of America and the Queen
of Great "Britain.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That immediately upon
the payment of the sum of money awarded to
the United States by the tribunal of arbitration
at Geneva to be paid by the Government of
Great Britain the same shall be paid into the
Treasury and used to redeem, so fer as it may
the public debt of the United States. And the
amount equal to the debt so redeemed shall be
invested in the five per cent, registered bonds
of the United States to be held subject to the
future disposition of Congress.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXIL—An Act to place Colored
Persons who enlisted in the Army on the
same footing as other soldiers as to Bounty
and Pension.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all colored persons
who enlisted in the Army during the late war,
and who are now prohibited from receiving
bounty and pension on account of being borne
on the rolls of their regiments as "slaves,"
shall be placed ou the same footing as to bounty
and pension, as though they had not been slaves
at the date of their enlistment.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXIII.—An Act fixing the time of
holding the fall '£erm of the United States
District Court for the District of Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the fall term of the
United States district court for the district of
Nebraska shall hereafter be held at Omaha
upon the first Wednesday after the second
Tuesday in the month of October of each year.
Approved, March 3, 187$.
Chap. CCLXIV.—An Act creating the Collec-
tion District of Southern Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, Slates of America ill
Congress assembled, That all the ports, har-
bors, bays, rivers, and waters of the main laud
of all that portion of the State of Oregon lying
south and east of the north bank of theSius-
law river, shaH constitute a collection district
by the name of the southern collection district
of Oregon; and a port of entry shall be, aud
hereby is, established for said district at Coos
bay, in Coos county, of Said State; and a col-
lector of customs shall be appointed by the
President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to reside
at Empire City.
Sec. 2. That ports of delivery shall be, and
are hereby, established in the collection dis-
trict. aforesaid, at Ellinsburgh, at the mouth of
Rogue river, Port Orford, out at Gardner on
the Umpqua river; and the collector of cus-
toms of said district is hereby authorized to
appoint, with the approbation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, three deputy collectors; to be
stationed at the ports of delivery aforesaid.
Sec. 3. That the collector of said district
shall be allowed a compensation of one thou-
sand dollars per annum, with the fees allowed
bylaw, aud a commission on all customs money
collected and accounted for by him, such sal-
ary, fees, and commissions not to exceed the
sum of two thousand five hundred dollars per
annum ; and said deputy collectors shall each
be allowed a compensation of one thousand
dollars per annum.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXV.—An Act to provide for the
Payment in Gold of certain Wages to Sea-
men in Foreign Countries.
Be it enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That moneys paid under
the laws of the United States" by direction of
consular officers or agents, atany foreign port or
place, as wages, extra or otherwise, due Ameri-
can seamen, shall be paid in gold or its equiva-
lent, without any deduction whatever, any
contract to the contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXVI.—An Act to authorize Pre-
emptors or Settlers upon Homesteads on the
Public Land to alienate portions of their
Preemptions or Homesteads for certain
public purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any person who has
already settled or hereafter may settle on the
public lands of the United States, either by
preemption, or by virtue of the homestead
law or any amendments thereto, shall have the
right to transfer by warranty, against his or
her own acts, any portion of his or her said
preemption or homestead for church, ceme-
tery, or school purposes, or for the right of
way of railroads across such preemption or
homestead, and the transfer for such public
purposes shall in no way vitiate the right to
complete and perfect the title to their pre-
emptions or homesteads.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXVII.—An Act to provide for the
care and preservation of the Cemetery near
the City of Mexico, purchased in accord-
ance with the Act of September twenty-
eighth, eighteen hundred and fifty.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States is authorized to provide out of
the ordinary annual appropriations for estab-
lishing and maintaining United States military
cemeteries, for the proper care and preserva-
tion and maintenance of the cemetery or burial-
ground near the city of Mexico, in which are
interred the remains of officers and soldiers
of the United States, and of citizens of the
United States, who fell in battle or died iti
and around said city ; and that this cemetery
shall be subject to the rules and regulations
affecting United States national military cem-
eteries within,the limits of the United States,
so far as they may, in the opinion of the
President, be applicable theretov
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXVTII.—An Act to establish the
Custom-House value of the Sovereign or
Pound Sterling of Great Britain, and to fix
the par of Exchange.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the value of foreign
coin as expressed in the money of account of
the United States shall be that of the pure
metal of such coin of standard value; audi
the values of the standard coins in circula-
tion of the various nations of the world shall
be estimated annually by the Director of the
Mint, and be proclaimed on the first day of
January by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Seo. 2. That in all payments by or to the
Treasury, whether made here or in foreign
countries, where it becomes necessary to com-
pute the value of the sovereign or pound ster-
ling, it thall be deemed equal to four dollars
eighty-six cents and six and one half mills,
and the same rule should be applied in ap-
praising merchandise imported where the
value is, by the invoice, in sovereigns or
pounds sterling, and in the construction of
contracts payable in sovereigns or pounds
sterling ; and this valuation shall be the par
of exchange between Great Britain and the
United States; aud all contracts made after
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
seventy-four, based on an assumed par of ex-
change with Great Britain of fifty-four pence
to the dollar, or four dollars forty-four and
four ninths cents to the sovereign or pound
sterling, shall be null and void.
Sec. 3. That all acts and parts of acts in-
consistent with these provisions be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXIX.—An Act to require National
Banks to restore their capital when impaired,
and to amend the National Currency Act.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That all national banks
which shall have failed to pay up their capital
stock, as required by law, and all national
banks whose capital stock shall have become
impaired by losses or otherwise, shall, within
three months after receiving notice thereof
from the Comptroller of the Currency, be re-
quired to pay the deficiency in the capital stock
by assessment upon the shareholders, pro rata,
for the amount of capital stock held by each
and the/Treasurer of the United States shall
withhold the interest upon all bonds held by
him in trust for such association, upon notifica-
tion from the Comptroller of the Currency,
until otherwise notified by him ; and if such
banks shall fail to pay up their capital stock,
and shall refuse to go into liquidation, as pro-
vided by law, for three months after receiving
notice from the Comptroller, a receiver may
be appointed to close up the business of the
association, according to the provisions of the
fiftieth section of the national currency act.
Sec. 2. That section fifty-seven of said
act be amended by adding thereto the follow-
ing: uAnd provided further, That no attach-
ment, injunction, or execution shall bo issued
against such association, or its property, before
final judgment in any such suit, action, or
proceeding in any State, county, or municipal
court."
Sec. 3. That all batiks not organized, aud
transacting business under the national cur-
rency net, and all persons, companies or cor-
porations doing the business of bankers,
brokers; or savings institutions, except saving
