1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sbss*
banks, authorized by Congress to use the word
" national" as a part of their corporate name,
are prohibited from using the word " national"
as a'portion of the name or title of such bank,
corporation, firm, or partnership; and every
such bank, corporation, or firm, which shall
use word " national" asa portion of their cor-
porate title or partnership name six months
after the passage of this act, shall be subject
to a penalty of fifty dollars for each day there-
after in which such word shall be employed
as aforesaid as part of such corporate name
or title, such penalty to be recovered by action
in any court having jurisdiction.
8ec. 4. That itshali be the duty of the Comp-
troller of the Currency to cause to be ex-
amined each year the plates, dies, but-pieces,
and other material from which the national
bank circulation is printed in whole or in part,
and file in his office annually a correct list of
the same ; and such material as shall have been
used in the printing of the notes of national
banks which are in liquidation, or have closed
business, shall be destroyed under such regu-
lations as shall be prescribed by the Comp-
troller of the Currency, and approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury ; and the expense
of such examination and destruction shall be
paid out of any appropriation made by Con-
gress for the special examination of national
banks and bank plates.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXX.—An Act to confer upon the
Superintendent of the United States Mili-
tary Academy the power to convene General
Courts-Martial.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Superintendent of
the United States Military Academy shall have
power to convene general courts-martial for
the trial of cadets, and to execute the sentences
of such courts, except the sentences of suspen-
sion and dismission, subject to the same liinita-
tions and conditions now existing as toother
general courts-martial.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
authority or permission is or shall be given
for the demand or receipt by the postmaster,
or any other person, of interest, directly or in-
directly, on any deposit made as herein de-
scribed ; and it shall be the duty of all jDOSt-
masters who have made any such deposit to
report quarterly to the Postmaster General,
the name of the bank where such deposits have
been made, and also state the amount which
may stand at the time to their credit.
Approved, March 3, 1873. "
CHAP. CCLXXI.—An Act authorizing Deputy
Collectors and other officers of the Customs
to act as Disbursing Agents in certain cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in case of the sick-
ness or unavoidable absence of any collector
or surveyor of customs from his office, he may
■with the approval of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, authorize some officer or clerk under him
to act in his place, and to discharge all the
duties required by law of such collector or
"Surveyor in his capacity as disbursing agent:
Provided, That the official bond given by the
principal of the office s.hall be held to cover
and apply to the acts of the person appointed
to act in his place in suehjjases.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXIIL—An Act to fix the com-
pensation of the Deputy Collector of Customs
at Saint Paul.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-,
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the compensation
including official emoluments of all kinds of
the officer appointed in pursuance of the
second section of the act entitled '1 An act to
establish the collection district of Du Luth,
and to create Saint Paul, in the collection dis-
trict of Minnesota, a port of delivery," ap-
proved May twenty-third, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, shall not exceed the sum of
two thousand dollars per annum: Provided,
however, That said officer maybe required, in
addition to his duties as such deputy collector,
to perform the duties of an inspector of the
customs, without additional compensation.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CClfXXII.— An Act to authorize cer-
tain Postmasters to deposit public Moneys in
National Banks.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Hep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That from and after the
passage ofthis act it shall be lawful for any
postmaster, having public money belonging to
the Government, where there are no designated,
depositaries, treasurers of mints, or ireasurer
or Assistant Treasurers of the United States,
within the county, to deposit the same, at his
own risk and in his official capacity, in any
national bank in the town, city, or county
where the said postmaster resides; but no
Chap. CCLXXlV.-—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to enable honorably dis-
charged Soldiers and Sailors, their Widows
and Orphan Children, to acquire Homesteads
on the Public Lands of the United States,
and the Amendments thereto.
' Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section two ot the
act entitled "An act to amend an act, relatiog
to soldiers' and sailors' homesteads," approved
June eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, be amended so as to read aa follows:
that any person entitled under the provisions
of the foregoing sections to euter a homestead,
who may have heretofore entered under the
homestead laws a quantity of land less than
one hundred and sixty acres, shall be permitted
to enter so much land as, when added to the
quantity previously entered, shall not exceed
one hundred and sixty acres.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCLXXYI.—An Act to authorize the
Interment of honorably discharged Soldiers,
Sailors, and Marines in the National Ceme-
teries of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That honorably discharged
soldiers, sailors, or marines who served during
the late war either in the regular or volunteer
forces, dying subsequent to the passage of this
act may be buried in any national cemetery
of the United States free of cost and their
graves shall receive the same care and atten-
tion as the graves of those already buried., Tho
production of the honorable discharge of the
deceased shall be authority for the superin-
tendent of the cemetery to permit the interment.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCLXXV.—An Act for the Belief of
the State of Connecticut and other States.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and be is hereby, directed out of
any money appropriated to continue the settle-
ment of accounts presented under the act ot
July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, to pay to the Governor of Connec-
ticut, or to his duly authorized agents, any
amounts advanced by the said State in_ pay-
ment of chaplains, extra surgeons, or assistant
surgeons employed by said State in said capaci-
ties during the late war; the said claims to be
settled by the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury upon vouchers filed: Provided, Inat
certificates of actual employment are tiled with
the accounts.
Sec. 2. That when the vouchers ot other
States for payments-made to chaplains, extra
surgeons, or assistant surgeons situated san-
ilariy with those of Connecticut ore filed, the
Treasury Department shall adjust and settle
them according to the provisions of the fore-
going section.
Ari'Kovv.i), March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXVTI.—An Act to encourage the
growth of Timber on Western Prairies.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That any person who shall
plant, protect, and keep in a healthy, growing
condition for ten years forty acres of timber,
the trees thereon not being more than twelve
feet apart each way on any quarter section of
tho public lands of the United States shall be
entitled to a patent for the whole of said quar-
ter section at the expiration of said ten years,
on making proof of such fact by not less than
two credible witnesses: Provided, That only
one quarter in any section shall be thus granted.
Sec. 2. That the person applying for the
benefit of this act shall, upon application to
the register of the land office in which he or
she is about to make such entry, make affidavit
before said register or receiver that said entry
is made for the cultivation of timber, and upon
filing said affidavit with said register and re-
ceiver, and on payment of ten dollars, he or
she shall thereupon be permitted to enter the
quantity of land specified : Provided,, however,
That no certificate shall be given or patent
issue therefor until the expiration of at least
ten years from the date of such entry; and if
at the e'xpiration of such time, or at any time
within three years thereafter, the person making
such entry, or if he or she be dead, his or htjr
heirs or legal representatives, shall prove by
two credible witnesses that he, she, or they
have planted, and for not less than ten years
have cultivated and protected such quantity
and character of timber as aforesaid, they
shall receive the patent for such quarter section
of land. .
Seo. 3. That if at any4 time after the filing
of said affidavit, and prior to the issuing ot
the patent for said land, it shall be proven
after due notice to the party making such entry
and claiming to cultivate such timber, to the
satisfaction of the register of the land office
that such person has abandoned or failed^ to
cultivate, protect and keep in good condition
such timber, then, and in that event, said land
shall revert to the United States.
Seo. 4. That each and every person who,
under the provisions of an act entitled An
act to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain" approved May twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, or any amend-
ment thereto, having a homestead on said pub-
lic domain, who, at the end of the third year
of his or her residence thereon, shall have had
under cultivation, for two years, one acre of
timber, the trees thereon not being more than
twelve feet apart each way, and in a good,
thrifty condition, for each aud every sixteen
acres of said homestead, shall upon due proof
of said fact by two credible witnesses receive
his or her patent for said homestead.
Sec. 5. Tbat no land acquired under pro-
visions of this act shall, in any event, become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts
