1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
for Mr. Sutro's company to build it, and you
will find that it will be more beneficial to
science than all your expeditions to the north
pole ] more valuable to manufactures than all
your European expositions; more valuable to
commerce than all your steamboat subsidies}
more valuable to agriculture than is your Agri-
cultural Bureau itself; and more valuable to
health than many of your boards of health in
your great cities.
By it you will render the increase in the pro-
duction of your precious metals certain, and
bring them up to the standard of the necessities
of the age. In that way you will, as it were,
multiply the number of your half bushels in
which to measure your productions, facilitate
the interchange of commodities by the increase
of the amount of precious metals, which is
the measure of all values. You will regulate
and control commerce, manufactures, and
agriculture, and at the same time pour into the
Comstock lode a current of fresh air which
will be better for the three thousand miners
there at labor than all the nostrums of your
physicians and all the contrivances of your
boards of health.
Mr. KENDALL. Mr. Speaker, this bill
provides, not for a subsidy; not for a gift
either in lands or money, or aught else; but
simply for a loan from the Government, for
the repayment of which, principal and inter-
est, the amplest and most perfect security is
given. And more: as a condition of this
loan, not to exceed $2,000,000 this company
is bound to expend on this great work at least
an equal amount. The total cost of the tunnel
will not fall short of $4,000,000. And still
more : the last $500,000 of the proposed loan
is to be -withheld until the company shall
have erected reduction, concentration, and
smelting works on the most approved plan,
and to cost not less than the sum so with-
held. One half of the income derived from
the tunnel is to be set apart for the repay-
ment of the proposed loan. And in default
of payment, priiicipal and interest, within
the period of twenty years, the Govern-
ment is to declare the rights of the company
under the act, forfeited, and the company's
possession and control of the property term-
inated.
These are the leading features of the bill.
I claim it is as complete and perfect in all its
parts, for the protection of the rights and inter-
ests of the Government, as it is possible to be
made. And what more could the most watch-
ful and cautious guardian of the Treasury
desire ?
I repeat, sir, that the mining interests of the
great West, which are so intimately connected
with this great enterprise, come not in this
bill before Congress, begging for gilts or subsi-
dies. All I ask is a careful examination and
consideration of what is proposed. It is a
loan with the best security for speedy repay-
ment. It is some small aid by the Govern-
ment to a work too great for unassisted pri-
vate means. It is the conservation and devel-
opment of the great mineral wealth which be-
longs to the whole people. It is some encour-
agement to the leading industry of the West,
which has more than once saved the country
from financial ruin and sustained our national
credit during the darkest hours of civil war—
an industry which is to us what commerce and
agriculture and manufactures are to my friends
Irom New England, New York, and Pennsyl-
vania, and from the valleys of the Mississippi
and the Ohio.
Sir, aid to this great work has been re-
peatedly solicited from Congress by the people
of the State which I have the honor to
represent—solicited in the most solemn ana
authentic form in which a people can make
known their wishes to the Government under
which they live. Do you ask how ? At the
first session of this Congress 1 was requested
to present hore certain resolutions then just
passed by the Legislature of my State, as
follows:
Resolution of the Legislature of Nevada relative to
the establishment of reduction works by the Uni-
ted States.
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States:
Your memorialists, the Legislature of the State of
Nevada, most respectfully represent that there is
between the Rocky mountains and the Pacific ocean
a great number of mines yielding gold, silver. lead,
and many other metals that are valuable and indis-
pensable to the various industries of the world; and
that in the most perfect and practicable establish-
ment tor the reduction of said ores now in operation
in said region a large percentage of the gold, silver,
and lead, and nearly the whole of other base metals,
are lost or destroyed; the character of said reduction
works being such that those metals cannot be saved,
and that a very great number of mines of great
wealth are already discovered in the State of Ne-
vada and in other localities accessible to the Central
Pacific railroad, whose ores are now either left to lie
in the mine, awaiting improved facilities for reduc-
tion, or worked at a great loss of valuable metals,
by present imperfect methods, or shipped to Europe,
where those processes are so perfect as to save nearly
all that is valuable in said ores; and that the erec-
tion of such works as are necessary for the perfect
and economical reduction of said ores will be so
expensive that in this, as in other countries, the as-
sistance of the Government will be tound necessary
for the inauguration of the enterprise; and that the
establishment of such reduction works at some ac-
cessible point in the great basin west of the llocky
mountains would be of incalculable benefit, by
saving to the people of the United States the money
now paid for transportation to and the reduction of
said ores in foreign countries, by making valuable
a vast namber of mines now idle, and giving a new
impetus to base-metal mining, by giving employ-
ment to thousands of additional luboreis, arid by
largely increasing the development of the mineral
wealth of the United States; and your memorialists
would further represent that it is their opinion the
proceeds of the sales of mineral lands could be
appropriated to no purpose so conducive to public
welfare as the establishment of this enterprise to
encourage mining.
Therefore they pray your honorable body to set
apart all the moneys arising from the sales of mineral
lands, under such conditions as your honorable body
may deem fit, for the purposes hereinbefore sot
forth; and that reduction workssimilarin character
to those in Swansea, England, or of such character
as modern scientific discoveries may suggest, shall
be established at some point on or near the Central
Pacific railroad most accessible to the mines of our
region.
Resolved by the senate, (the assembly concurring,)
That our Senators are instructed, and our Repre-
sentative in Congress is requested, to use their
utmost endeavors to secure the passage of a iawthat
yyi. I accomplish the objects set forth in the memo-
rial ; and
Resolved farther, That the Governor be requested
to forward a copy of this memorial and resolution
to each of our Senators and to our Representative
in Congress, asking their early attention to the
subject.
Passed February 27,1871.
At a previous session of the Nevada Legis-
lature the following joint memorial and reso-
lutions, which I have here before me, and
which I ask to be read, were passed:
Joint memorial and resolutions of the Legislature
of Nevada asking Government aid in the construc-
tion of the Sutro tunnel.
Whereas the State of Nevada contains within its
borders a silver vein called the Comstock lode; and
whereas a deep drainage and exploring tunnel,
leading into said lode, is necessary to its permanent
yield of the precious metals; and whereas the char-
acter of said lode is now demonstrated to be such as
to give ample security to the capital necessary to be
advanced tor its construction ; and whereas the fol-
lowing facts, in connection with the foregoing, are
of weighty consideration; that the mines ot said
lode have been worked forseven years last past, and
during this time have produced $64,000,000; that the
present annual yield is£16,1)00,000, an amount equal to
the total annual product of -the republic of Mexico;
that the expense of working these mines so rapidly
increases with the increased depth that the ^b,000,000
were last year realized at a cust ol 500,000 : ana
at the present ratio of cost to production, their
resources would, in a few years, be wholly absorbed,
andthe mines practically abandoned; thattbecauses
ot increased cost are. among others, the accumula-
tion of water in the mino.s, insufficient ventilation,
and the increase of beat with depth; and that now,
having reached a depth of eight hundred feet, the*©
combined causes will prevent their being worked
profitably, on the present plan, below twelve> hun-
dred feet; that the Comstock lode is conveniently
placed for deep drainage, being situated on the side
of a mountain, which declines into a valley, from
which a horizontal adit or tunnel four miles long can
be constructed, which will cut the mines at a dei>th
of two thousand feet; that this tunnel oricn con-
structed, these mines can be prolitably worked to a
depth of three thousand feel, and by means of it, at
least a thousand millions of treasure will besecured ;
that the State of Nevada cannotrender material aid
to this indispensable work, by reason of constitu-
tional inhibitions; that the mining companies, while
producing large amounts of bullion, and distributing
it into the channels of trade and commerce, under
existing circumstances, derive but an inconsiderable
profit, and are not equal without Government aid to
the successful prosecution of such an undertaking;
that the taxable property of the United States has
been more than doubled within the last eighteen
years, and this increase has mainly resulted from the
vast addition to theprecious metals within thistiine;
and the further addition of one thousand millions
would be an increase to that extent of the public
resources, and virtually a reduction, to a consid-
erable extent, of the public debt; that the United
States contain, by estimation, one million square
miles of mineral land, the chief value of which is
to be found at great depths from the surface; and
what is now wanting to enlist private enterprise in
the aid of deep mining, and thus develop incalcu-
lable wealth, is a practicable proof, upon such a
scale as the proposed tunnel would furnish, that pur
mines are continuous to the lowest levels at which
drainage can bo secured ; that in all European
mining countries the aid of Government is given, on
broad financial considerations, to enterprises of this
and like character; that the magnitude of the pro-
posed work and the results to flow from its comple-
tion, as favorably affecting great financial questions,
justly assign to it a national consideration: There-
fore,
Resolved, by the senate and assembly of the State of
Nevada, conjointly, That our Senators be instructed,
and our Representative requested, to use their best
endeavors to obtain from Congress such material
aid as will secure the speedy construction of the
deep-drainage and mining tunnel known as the
Sutro tunnel.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to trans-
mit a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolu-
tion, together with the reports of committees, to
each of our Senators and to our Representative in
Congress.
These, sir, are the instructions under which
I ask the aid of Congress in behalf of this
important work. These are the solemn and
deliberate acts of the Legislature of the State
1 represent. And claiming some acquaintance
with the people of Nevada and with their
wants and desires, I declare, here in my place,
that these memorials and resolutions faithfully
represent the great body of that people irre-
spective of party or politics.
Sir, 1 was pained to see in the minority report
upon this bill by the honorable gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] this paragraph :
"It [the Sutro tunnel] is simply a huge job, got
up by speculators to tax the miners on the Comstock
lode, without conforring any adequate or substantial
benefits m return."
Sir, in behalf of the people of my State,
thus repeatedly speaking through their Legis-
lature, I repel the unworthy imputation, and
assert that this enterprise is in the interest of
the people; the working, tax-paying people
of that State; and it is an enterprise, too, than
which none more deserving was ever asking
aid before the American Congress.
But," says the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Meiujiam,] "Sutro is an
adventurer." Adventurer 1 Go, sir, to those
western mountains and see what this " ad-
venturer" has done. My friend from New
York [Mr. Merriam] says he visited the lo-
cality of the Sutro tunnel "a year and a half
ago." Had he been there with me last Octo-
ber he would have been filled with wonder and
astonishment at the magnitude of the opera-
tions then going on: the main tunnel driven
in and completed over twelve hundred feet;
four perpendicular shafts sinking along the
tunnel line to connect with it at depths varying
from five hundred to fifteen hundred feet, so
that soon nine working faces of the tunnel will
be presented to the workmen for simultaneous
attack; the most ponderous and substantial
machinery and buildings erected over these
shafts ; nearly six hundred men employed, and
a total expenditure for the previous year of
near a million dollars.
Sir, call'Mr. Sutro an "adventurer," if you
please, or an enthusiast. I would that we had
more such adventurers and more sueh enthu-
siasts to develop the industries of the new and
growing West. Granted that he is an enthu-
siast. What great work in war, or politics, or
art, or science, or literature, in public or private
life, is accomplished without enthusiasm or
