1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
about it is the state of uncertainty as to the
real facts of the case, and therefore I favored
the investigation which was moved by my col-
league, favored his resolution, and I favor this
resolution now offered by the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, provided it is clothed
with, or intends to ask for, the necessary pow-
ers to enable it fully to execute the resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I hope
this resolution will be adopted, and I hope
this committee will have the widest and most
extended powers necessary to enable them to
get at the facts. I think there can be no
doubt that Congress possesses the power to
investigate this question. The fourth section
of the fourth article of the Constitution of the
United States provides for a guarantee to
every State in the Union of a republican form
of government. You cannot tell what the
government of Louisiaua now is unless Con-
gress possesses the very power proposed in
this resolution. I hope the inquiry will be
full and large.
But I go for the resolution on another
ground. The debate that has just sprung up
seems to me to be premature. I shall not
pretend to say whether the President has done
right or wrong. I do not know whether he
was called upon by the Governor or by the
Legislature to send forces to Louisiana. But
suppose he has committed an error inno-
cently, if you please, or wrongfully, if you
please, upon which I pasi no opinion, then
Congress has the power, when they know the
facts, to correct the President in the exercise
of a constitutional power in recognizing the
wroBg government or in violating the rights of
the people. It is the only corrective the people
of a State have when the President under his
constitutional power undertakes to recognize
one government, and to send troops into a
State upon the call of a wrongful Legislature,
or of a man who is wrongfully in power, claim-
ing to be the Governor. When the President
wrongfully acts in such a case Congress can,
upon learning the fasts, restrain him by de-
claring which is the true government.
I hope this resolution will be adopted, so
that we may ascertain the facts as to what is
the character of the government in Louisiana,
whether the people have a free representative
government in Louisiana, and if they have, has
the President done anything he ought not to
have done, of which I express no opinion and
cast not the slightest intimation, because I
think it too vital and too important to the
President of the United Slates to suspect him
of doing anything wrong until we~liave the
facts. When the result of this investigation
comes in we shaH have the facts before us, and
the Senate of the United States and the Con-
gress of the United States will be free to criti-
cise any oue of his acts, and it will be our
duty to see that the people of Louisiana are
not oppressed, and that by no fraud and no
violence are they stripped of the rights which
their constitution and the Constitution of the
Uuited States guaranty to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, one word
in reply to my good friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman.J The fugitive slave law of 1850
provided in precisely the same terms that the
enforcement act under the fifteenth amendment
provides, that the marshals in the execution
of tne process of the court should have power
to summon and call to their aid the bystanders
or posse eomitatus of the proper county when
necessary. That is the authority conferred
upon the marshals. I have before me the
instance to which I referred in extenso. Here
is the opinion of Mr. Caleb Cushing, rendered
to the President of the United States in 1854,
opon the subject of paying the expenses of
that portion of the Army which was employed
by him as a posse eomitatus in enforcing the
extradition of a fugitive from labor. I will
not take up the time of the Senate in reading
the whole of this opinion, which is somewhat
long and very exhaustive, but will merely read
an extract or two going to show precisely the
opposite of what I understand the Senator from
Ohio to claim, that the marshal of the United
States is empowered to call upon the people
composing the Army to assist him as a posse
eomitatus, and that it is part of their duty to
obey. I do not mean a part of their duty to
obey against the orders of the President of the
United States, or of the commanding general,
when some extreme necessity of public affairs
requires them to do another thing. There
would be merely a conflict of duty, and you
cannot perform both duties at the same time,
and therefore somebody must judge as to which
should be first performed. That would be
plain enough. But that does not meet the
point. Here is a case where there is no other
public exigency which requires the immediate
employment of these people who are called
upon to act as a posse eomitatus, and that
raises the question. This opinion goes on to
say:
" I repeat, the posse eomitatus to aid the officer of
the law in the execution of his duty is in the service
of the Government, not in the service of the indi-
vidual who sues out the process of the law to have
the justice of the nation administered to him, whioh
administration is of the duty of the Government.
To guard against violenco by wrong-headed, mis-
guided, disloyal citizens, or by foreign force, is an
important obligation of every Government—the
grand purpose and consideration, indeed, for which
it is instituted. Hence, when the officer of the law
deems it necessary and proper to raise the t>o«se
eomitatus to aid and assist him in executing the
process ofthelaw, the extraordinary expense thereby
incurred is properly payable by the Government."
" These considerations apply as well to the military
as to the civil force employed, for the posse eomitatus
comprises every person in the district or county
above the age of fifteen years, (Watson's Sheriff,
p. 60,) whatever may be their occupation, whether
civilians or not, and including the military of all
denominations, militia, soldiers, marines, all of
whom are alike bound to obey the commands of a
sheriff or marshal. Thefaet that they are organized
as military bodies, under the immediate command
of their own officers, does not in anywise affect their
leml character. They are still the posse eomitatus."
(XXI Pari. Hist., pp. 672,678, per Lord Mansfield.)
There is an eminent English authority,
which undoubtedly the Senator from Ohio
respects, as to the nature of the posse eomi-
tatus, that it does include the armed bodies
of citizens, who are the very conservators
and guardians of order, the very persons who
above all others ought to be first called upon ;
because it is a part of their mission to execute
the law, and to execute it by force if it cannot
be executed otherwise. So that I purpose,
against the opinion and doubt and difficulty of
my friend, the action of a Democratic adminis-
tration in a case of extreme hardship indeed,
against liberty and for slavery, and the solemn
determination of Lord Mansfield and the Eng-
lish courts as an offset to him. It may be that
I am wrong; but when I have drunk in my
inspiration as to what the law is (not as to the
uses to which it is to be applied in fugitive
slave cases) from such sources, I do not think
it is quite the thing for the leader of the Demo-
crats, what there is left of them, to be assail-
ing the President of the United States for
assisting to execute the mandates of this court,
be they right or wrong.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I shall
not enlarge this debate by an inquiry, " What
is left of the Democratic party?" although the
Senator from Vermont has twice used that
expression. I think there are some three
millions of them voters in the United States,
and if three millions of the voters of the United
States are only persons to be spoken of con-
temptuously, let it be so. That is a matter of
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will excuse
me; I did not mean to speak of them with
contempt, only with pity.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, when they
demand the pity of the Senator from Vermont,
when they ask for it, it will be time enough for
him to show the benevolence of his nature.
[Laughter.] My friend from California sug-
gests that then they will be very poor. It is
very easy indeed for a person to be contempt-
uous in extending his pity. When they need
the pity of the Senator from Vermont and ask
for it, it will be time enough for him to
extend it.
The only general law that I know of on this
subject is the act of the 29th of July, 1861; a
very brief section indeed, and in these words:
" That the marshals of the several districts of the
United States, and their deputies, shall have the
same powers in executing the laws of the United
States as sheriffs and their deputies in the several'
States have, by law, in executing the laws of their
respective States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow
me to give him a little further information on
that point ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will read to him the
twelfth section of the act of the 28th of Febru-
ary, 1871, entitled "An act to amend an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled 'An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes,' " under which
act this very suit was instituted, wherein the
marshal had the assistance of the Army, as it
is said. Here is the twelfth section :
" That the marshal, or his general deputies, or
such special deputies as shall be thereto specially
empowered by him, in writing, and under his band
ana seal, whenever he or his said general deputies
or his special deputies, or either or any of them,
shall be forcibly resisted in executing their duties
under this act. or the act hereby amended, or shall,
by violence, threats, or menaces, be prevented from
executing such duties, or from arresting any person
or persons who shall commit any offense for which
said marshal or his general or his special deputies
are authorized to make such arrest, are, and each
of them is hereby, empowered to summon and call
to his or their aid the bystanders or posse eomitatus
of his district."
The Senator will observe that it is not con-
fined merely to making arrests, but extends to
any duty the marshal has to perform undet
that act.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I will try to anawei
the Senator upon that law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will also read to the
Senator, at the suggestion of my friend from
New Jersey, [Mr. Frei.inghutben,] the ninth
i section of the act of April 9, 1866, under the
fourteenth amendment, the civil rights bill, so
; to speak, which declares—
i "That it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, or such person as he may empower
for that purpose, to employ such part of the land or
naval force of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be necessary to prevent the violation and
enforce the due execution of this act."
i That was under the fourteenth amendment,
the amendment of equality and of civil rights;
J and under that I would suggest to my friend
also, as well as under this special voting act,
the authority of the President is perfectly clear
to support the courts in their proceedings.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to see that
too. I will take up these acts now in their
order. The first in point of time is the act I
had spoken of, and which I have already read,
an act in three lines:
" That the marshals of the several districts of the
United States and their deputies shall have the
same powers in executing the laws of the United
States as sheriffs and their deputies in the several
States have, by law, in executing the laws of the
respective States."
That was approved July 29, 1861, approved
in the midst of the war. If there was this
general power that it is claimed there was
according to the opinion of Mr. Cushing as
understood by the Senator from Vermont,
where was the necessity for this act of 1861 ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does the Senator
mean by saying that I claimed there is a gen-
eral power without authority of law ?
Mr. THURMAN. What I understand the
Senator to claim, and he reads Cushing's
opinion for the purpose of maintaining it,
is that a marshal of the Uuited States hav-
ing any process to execute, issued under
any law of the United States, or in execution
of any decree of any court of the United
States, has power to call upon the military arm
of the Government.
