300
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
contracted prior to the issuing of patent there-
for.
Sec. 6. That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is hereby required to prepare
and issue such rules and regulations, consist-
ent with this act, as shall be necessary and
proper to carry .its provisions into effect; and
that the registers and the receivers of the sev-
eral land offices shall be entitled to receive
the same compensation for any lands entered
under the provisions of this that they are now
entitled to receive when the same quantity of
land is entered with money.
Sec. 7. That the fifth section of the act
entitled "An act in addition to an act to punish
crimes against the United States, and for other
purposes" approved March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, shall extend to all
oaths, affirmations, and affidavits required or
authorized by this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXYIII.—An Act for the protec-
tion of Owners of Saw Mills on the Missis-
sippi river.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the owners of saw
mills on the Mississippi river be, and they
hereby are, authorized and empowered, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, to con-
struct or build piers or cribs in front of their
mill property on the banks of said river, for
the protection of their mills and rafts against
damage by floods and ice: Provided however,
That t,he piers or cribs so constructed shall
not interfere with or obstruct the navigation
of said river: Provided further, That, in case
by reason of the shifting of the channel of
the said river, or from any other cause, the
piers or cribs, the construction of which are
authorized by this act shall be found to ob-
struct the navigation of said river at any time,
the Government expressly reserves the right
to remove, or direct the removal of any such
piers or cribs at the coat and expense of the
owners thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXIX.—An Act to provide for the
sale of the Lands of the United States con-
taining Coal.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That any person above
the age of twenty-one years, who is a citizen
of the United States, or who has declared his
intention to become such, or any association
of persons severally qualified as above, shall,
upon application to the register of the proper
land office, have the right to enter, by legal
subdivisions, any quantity of vacant coal lands
of the United States not otherwise appropri-
ated or reserved by competent authority, not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres to such
individual person, or three hundred and twenty
acres to such association, upon payment to the
receiver of not less than ten dollars per acre
for such lands, where the same shall be situ-
ated more than fifteen miles from any com-
pleted railroad, and not less than twenty dol-
lars per acre for such lands as shall be within
fifteen miles of such road.
Sec. 2. That any person or association of
persons severally qualified as above, who have
opened and improved, or shall hereafter open
and improve, any coal mine or mines upon the
public lands, and shall be in actual possession
of the same, shall be entitled to a preference
right of entry, under the foregoing provisions,
of the mines so opened and improved: Pro-
vided, That when any association of not less
ihan four persons, severally qualified as in sec-
tion one of this act, shall have expended not
less thau five thousand dollars in working and
improving any such mine or mines, such asso-
ciation may enter not. exceeding six hundred
and forty acres, including such mining im-
provements.
Sec. 3. That all claims under section two of
this act must be presented to the register of
the proper land district within sixty days after
the date of actual possession and the com-
mencement of improvements on the land, by
the filing of a declaratory statement therefor:
Provided, That when the township plat is not
on file at the date of such improvement, filing
must be made within sixty days from the re-
ceipt of such plat at the district office: And
provided, further, That where the improve
ments shall have been made prior to the ex-
piration of three months from the passage of
this act, sixty days from the expiration of said
three months shall be allowed for the filing of
a declaratory statement, and no sale under the
provisions of this act shall be allowed until the
expiration of six months from the date hereof.
Sec. 4. That this act shall be held to author-
ize only one entry by the same person or asso-
ciation of persons under its provisions; and
no association of persons, any member of
which shall have taken the benefit of this act
either as an individual or as a member of any
other association shall enter or hold any other
lands under the provisions of this act; and no
member of any association which shall have
taken the benefit of this act shall enter or hold
any other lands under its provisions; and all
persons claiming under section two hereof,
shall be required to prove their respective
rights and pay for the lands filed upon within
one year from the time prescribed for filing
their respective claims; and upon failure to
file the proper notice, or to pay for the land
within the required period, the same shall be
subject to entry by any other qualified appli-
cant.
Sec. 5. That in case of conflicting claims
upon lands where the improvements shall be
hereafter commenced, priority of possession
and improvement, followed by proper filing
and continued good faith, shall determine the
preference right to purchase. And also where
improvements have already been made at the
date of the passage of this act, division of the
land claimed may be made by legal subdivis-
ions, to include, as near as may be, the valua-
ble improvements of the respective parties; and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
shall be, and is hereby, authorized to issue all
needful rules and regulations for carrying into
effect the provisions of this act.
Sec. 6. That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to destroy or impair any rights which
may have attached prior to its passage, or to
authorize the sale of lands valuable for mines
of gold, silver, or copper.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXX.—An Act for the Relief of
Howard F. Moffat.
" Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint, upon the
retired list of the Navy, with therauk of master,
Howard F. Moffat, now a volunteer officer on
the active list of the Navy.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXI.—An Act to extend the
time for filing Claims for additional Bounty
under the Act of July twenty-eighth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for filing
claims for additional bounty, under the act of
July twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, and which expired by limitation Jan-
uary thirtieth. eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, be, and the same is hereby, revived and
extended until the thirtieth day of January,
eighteen hundred and seventy-four; and that
all claims for such bounties filed in the proper
department after the thirtieth day of January,
eighteen hundred and seventy three, and be-
fore the passage of this act, shall be deemed
to have been filed in due time, and shall be
considered and decided without filing.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXII.—An Act to authorize and
direct the Secretary of War to distribute
Arms and Military Equipments under the
Act of April twenty-three, eighteen hundred
and eight, and the Acts amendatory thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to distribute to such States as did not,
from the year eighteen hundred and sixty-two
to the year eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
receive the same, their proper quota of arms
and military equipments for each year, from
eighteen hundred and sixty-two to eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, under the act of Con-
gress approved April twenty-third, eighteen
hundred and eight, and the several acts amend-
atory thereof: Provided, That in the organ-
ization and equipment of military companies
and organizations, with said arms, no discrim-
ination shall be made between said companies
and organizations on account of race, color, or
former condition of servitude.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXIII.—An Act authorizing
joint entry by Preemption Settlers, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That when settlements
have been made upon agricultural public lands
of tbe United States prior to the survey there-
of, and it has been or shall be ascertained,
after the public surveys have been extended
over such lauds, that two or more settlers
have improvements upon the same legal sub-
division, it shall be lawful for such settlers to
make joint entry of their lands at the local
land office, or for either of said settlers to
enter into contract with his co-settlers to con-
vey to them their portion of said land after a
patent is issued to him, and after making said
contract, to file a declaratory statement in his
own name, and prove up and pay for said land,
and proof of joint occupation by himself and
others, and of such contract with them made,
shall be equivalent to proof of sole occupa-
tion and preemption by the applicant: Pro-
vided, That in no case, shall the amount pat-
ented under this act exceed one hundred and
sixty acres, nor shall this act apply to lands
not subject to homestead or preemption
entry.
Sec. 2. That effect shall be givewto this act
by regulations to be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXIV.—An Act to sell a vacated
Soldiers' Burial Ground near Cumberland,
Maryland, to the Hebrew Congregation of
that city, to enlarge their grave-yard.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed,
on the payment to him of a sum of money
equal in amount to that paid for the property
