1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1601
Scoffern, an English writer, makes use of
the following language:
" The stagnant air acts on the organs of respira-
tion, producing consumption and other allied dis-
eases, which carry off the miner in the prime of life.
As a class they are robust and naturally lees liable
than even seamen to such diseases; but such are
the pernicious effects of the impuro air they breathe
that fifty-two per cent, die of consumption, in a
country where the percentage among agricultural
and other surface laborers amounts only to twenty
per cent, in the worst localities."
The cause of humanity should provide a
remedy when an effectual one is within reach.
Other difficulties present themselves in deep
mining, which increase rapidly as depth in-
creases ; und the mine itself, unless conserved
by science and the best engineering skill, must
b-5 abandoned as unprofitable.
Nearly all our present methods of mining
for the precious metals are wasteful and im-
provident to a shameful extent. It has been
the policy of every wise Government to protect
its fisheries, its forests, its game, its mines.
In this policy we may learn lessons of wis-
dom from the legislation of other lands. In
all European mining countries their respective
Governments, with an eye to the importance
of the production of bullion and in order to
promote the general welfare of the population,
have exercised some sort of supervision and
control of their mines. Gigantic undertakings,
looking to their drainage, ventilation, and suc-
cessful and economical working, are encour-
aged and patronized.
Above and beyond all, this enterprise is in
the interest of labor ; and I, in behalf of those
laborers who have hewn from t.he wilderness
the foundations of a fair and noble Common-
wealth ; who, amid the snows of winter, on
parched and torrid plains, beset by hunger
and thirst, and by savage tribes, deep down
under the earth, amid foul vapors and fainting
with intolerable heat, are bringing to light and
pouring into the commerce of the world the
hidden wealth of those western mountains,
who are making the solitudes of the desert
reecho with the sounds of free, intelligent, and
Christian labor—I in their behalf advocate
this measure, so intimately blended with their
interests and well-being.
Mr. BANKS addressed the House on the
relations of Spain toward Cuba. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. SARGENT also submitted remarks
which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Speaker, I seek the
floor at this time for the purpose of making
some remarks on the resolution offered on the
9th day of December last by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] providing
for an amendment to the Constitution relative
to the method of choosing the President a,nd
Vice President of the United States. The
resolution provides that the following be pro-
posed as an amendment to the Constitution,
which, when ratified by the Legislatures of
three fourths of the several States, shall be
valid to all intents and purposes as a part
thereof, to wit:
Article —
The executive power shall be vested in a President
of the United States of America. He shall hold his
office (lining the term of six years. No Person
elected to the office ot President shall thereafter be
eligible lor reelection. ,
The Vice President shall hold his office daring the
termot six years. The President and Vice Jrresi-
den t shall be chosen by the electors qualified to vote
in the election of Representatives to the Congress
of the United States at an election which shall be
held for that purpose, on the same day appointed
n, the several States for the election of Representa-
tives to Congress, in such manner and under such
i emulations as Congress may by law direct.
This resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and the House has no
knowledge of any action by that, Committee
on the question. I regret that the committee
has done nothing to bring the attention ol the
country to the subject. But 1 presume that
the want of time is the excuse. I now call
the attention of the House to the subject with
42d Conu. Sr> Sess.—No. 101.
the hope that the next Congress will take up
the subject and dispose of it.
Never, Mr. Speaker, since " the era of good
feeling," has there been a more favorable time
for amending the Constitution of the United
States than at present. General Grant has
just been triumphantly reelected President,
and if the examples of Washington, Jefferson,
Madison, Monroe, and Jackson have weight
with him, he will not again be a candidate, and
therefore it cannot be said that the proposed
amendment is aimed at him. When a similar
amendment was offered before the late elec-
tion, by a distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts, it was denounced by his party friends
as a mean exhibition of personal malignity and
hatred. The times and the condition of things
around us rescue the resolution of the distin-
guished member from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] from any such unworthy imputation.
There is a general and widespread dissatis-
faction with the present method of electing
our President and Vice President. The la-
mented death of one of the candidates between
the time of election and the beginning of the
presidential term, the complications and con-
fusion as to the electoral votes in several
States of the Union, have suggested to all
candid and thinking minds in the country the
necessity for some change in our Constitu-
tion against not only possible—but, as events
within the last year have shown—highly prob-
able, evils. The question has been more or
less discussed in Congress, and by the press
of the country, ever since the election of Jef-
ferson in 1801. So great was the dread of a
recurrence of the same difficulties that the
Constitution was amended so that instead of
voting for two persons for President—the one
having the highest number of votes to be
President, and the one receiving the next
highest to be Vice President, as at first—we
vote now for one person as President and for
one as Vice President; and instead of voting
for the five highest oil the list, when the choice
devolves on the House of Representatives that
choice is confined to ihe three highest.
In 1825 and 1826 earnest efforts were made
to amend again this clause of the Constitution.
The election of Mr. Adams in the House of
Representatives in 1825 and the defeat of
Jackson, who was the decided choice of the
people, led to these efforts; and an amend-
ment did pass the Senate by the requisite
two thirds, but was defeated in the House.
The reaction was so great in the country against
the supporters of Mr. Adams, chief among
whom was Mr. Clay, that Jackson in 1828 liter-
ally swept the country. This signal vindication
of the choice of the people seems to have put
to rest for nearly fifty years the question of this
amendment. It is now revived again. The
newspapers have taken the subject in hand
and the people are taking an unusual interest
in the question. The times are auspicious
and invite us to the discussion.
The amendment proposed by the resolu
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] embraces these three important
changes.
1. The President and Vice President shall
be elected by the direct vote of the people
without the intervention of " electors."
2. The President shall not be eligible a sec-
ond time.
3. Extension of the presidential term to six
years.
1 do not pretend to say, Mr. Speaker, that
these changes embrace all that the amendment
should accomplish, but I shall not indulge in
any useless criticism upon what the proposed
amendment omits. I am pleased that I have
an opportunity to speak in favor ot this amend-
ment, believing that it is as far as we can go at
this time.
The framers of our Constitution did not
think themselves so wise as to believe that
tbey had framed an instrument which would
never need amendment, but wisely provided
for its exercise. At the same time t.hey took
great care that the Constitution should not be
changed "for light and transient causes."
Therefore they provided no changes shall
be made unless two thirds of both Houses of
Congress propose the same, or unless, upon
the application of the Legislatures of two
thirds of the several States, a convention shall
be called for proposing amendments, which, in
either case, must be ratified by three fourths
of the States. So that to effect any change in
the framework of our government requires
almost unanimity of opinion upon the pro-
posed amendment. There should not be in any
wise constitution anything that did not,com-
mand almost universal assent. It should only
embrace the general principles of government,
leaving details to ordinary legislation. I am
persuaded that the reasons for a change in our
Constitution as indicated in the resolutions
will command the general assent of all good
and right-minded people the moment they are
stated.
The method of choosing the President and
Vice President, as originally adopted and
always practiced, seems to have provoked but
little discussion in the State conventions rati-
fying the Constitution. Thebeliefseemstohave
been general in the Convention, and among
the public men of that day, that the people
could not be trusted in the selection of the
highest officer in the nation. Having before
their minds the tumultuous assemblies of
Greece and Rome, they feared that the election
of the President by the whole body of the
voting population would be such an invitation
to disorders, violence, and tumult as should
not by any possibility be permitted to occur ;
that party feelings and animosities would be
aroused by voting directly for the candidate
which by the indirect vote would be avoided.
Then, again, there was the other idea, born of
distrust in the people, that a few select men
could better analyze the qualities of the man
who sought to be President. It was intended
by the framers of this clause in the Constitu-
tion that the "electors" sliouldselectt.be Presi-
dent of the United States, free from any bind-
ing instructions upon the part of those who ap-
pointed them. But the theory of the Consti-
tution and thepractice of the nation for the last
seventy-five years have got as wide apart as the
poles. It is notorious now that the " eteetor"
does not "elect" the President, but that he is
a mere instrument to carry out the wishes of
the persons appointing him. He has no more
will than the automaton in the show. To do
other than to vote according to the wishes of
those who made him an elector would render
him infamous, and subject him to the meanest
suspicions of corruption and bribery. What
reason, then, since the very object sought by
the machinery of electors has failed, can there
be in perpetuating in our organic law not only
a useless but. a dangerous section?
Here is, then, a fatal defect in our Constitu-
tion, which time and experience have pointed
out to us. And the wonder to me is not that
time has broughtto light these defects, but that
there has not been more of them. Our fore-
fathers had to sit down and reason out a priori
the whole scheme of our social fabric. The
republics of ancient and modern times fur-
nished them with no guides. The system,
then, is cumbersome ; it is also dangerous, it
is in the power of the elector to defeat the
will of the people. The presidential candidate
may as readily buy up enough electors, espe-
cial,y when the contest is close, to elect him,
as Senators buy up members of the Legislature
to elect them to the Senate.
If, as recent developments show, men will
give a quarter of a million dollars to have the
honor to occupy a seat in the United States
Senate, what will they not do when they aspire
to presidential honors? It is subjecting the
people to a fearful risk and the elector to a
