1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d
when purchased by the United States, to con-
vey by proper deed to Samuel Sonneborne, H.
Stern, and Isaac Miller, in trust for the use
and benefit of the Hebrew congregation of the
city of Cumberland, Maryland, all the right,
title, and interest of the United States in and
to that parcel or lot of land, containing one
half acre, more or less, situated about one
mile east of said city of Cumberland, near
the old national road or turnpike, and lying
near and adjacent to the burial ground of said
Hebrew congregation, being the same prem-
ises that were purchased for the United States
on or about the second day of May, in the year
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, by Captain
Hurtt. A. Q. M., as a burial ground for its
soldiers stationed in that vicinity during the
late war, and which has been made vacant by
the removal of the bodies there interred to
Antietam or other national cemeteries.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXV.—An Act to ameDd an Act
entitled "An Act authorizing the Secretary
of War to release twenty-five acres of the
Lands of the United States at Plattsburgh,
New York, to the New York and Canada
Railroad Company, and for other purposes,"
passed June eight, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized and empowered to release to the
New York and Canada Railroad Company, its
successors and assigns, a right of way along
the banks of Lake Champlain, upon and across
the land owned and possessed by the United
Stales in the town of Plattsburgh, Clinton
county, New York, subject to such restrictions
as tiie Secretary of War may think necessary
to protect the interests of the United States:
Provided, That before the execution of such
release the said railroad company shall first
pay into the Treasury of the United States
the value of such right of way per acre as fixed
by the board of appraisers heretofore appointed
under the act hereby amended, as stated in
their report approved by the Secretary of War.
And the Secretary of War is further author-
ized and empowered, in his discretion, to
locate the twenty-five acres referred to in said
act hereby amended, in the northeasterly por-
tion of the said lands of the United States,
and to release the same to the said company,
its successors and assigns, subject to the con-
ditions and provisos in said act contained,
upon the payment of the full value of said
twenty-five acres, to be ascertained as in said
act provided: Provided, That said company
shall elect to take said twenty-five acres and
pay such value so fixed as aforesaid, within
such reasonable time as may be fixed by the
Secretary of War, and after due notice from
the Secretary to said company.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXVL — An Act to authorize the
construction of a Railroad and Draw-Bridge
across the Genesee River, in Monroe County,
New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Lake Ontario
Shore Railroad Company of the State of New
York be, and they are hereby, authorized to
construct a draw-bridge across the Genesee
river, in Monroe county, in said State, in
accordance with the provisions of an act passed
by she Legislature of the State of New York,
March seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-one, and entitled ''An act to facilitate
the construction of the Lake Ontario^ Shore
railroad, and to amend the several acts m rela-
tion thereto and the said bridge when com-
pleted shall be deemed and taken to be a legal
structure, aud shall, with the railroad of which
it is to be a part, be a post road for the trans-
mission of the mails of the United States,
with the rights and privileges of other post
roads.
Sec. 2. That said structure herein author-
ized shall be built and located under and sub-
ject to such regulations for the security of
navigation of said river as the Secretary of
War shall prescribe, and shall be at all times
so kept and managed as to offer reasonable
and proper means for the passage of vessels
through or under the same, and the said struc-
ture shall be changed at the cost and expense
of the owners thereof, from time to time, as
Congress may direct, so as to preserve the
free and convenient navigation of said river.
And the authority to erect and continue said
bridge shall be subject to revocation or modi-
fication by law whenever the public good shall
in the judgment of Congress so require, with-
out any expense or charge to the United
States.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXVII.—An Act authorizing the
■ Secretary of the Treasury to change the
Name of Steamer New England, to City of
Portland.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thar, tbe Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
change the name of the steamer New Eng-
land, of Eastport, Maine, to that of City of
Portland, and grant a new register to said
steamer.
Approved, March 3, 1873,
Chap. CCLXXXVIII.—An Act to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of
the old P(^t Office property in Chicago.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of. Rep ■
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasary be, and is hereby, authorized to ex-
change with the city of Chicago the piece of
land, with the remains of the old custom-house
and post office building thereon, at the corner
of Monroe and Dearborn streets, in the city of
Chicago, Illinois, (said laud fronting one hun-
dred and ninety feet on Dearborn street and
ninety feet on Monroe street, or thereabout,)
for the piece of land, the property of the school-
fuud of the city of Chicago, at the corner of
Polk street and Fifth avenue, fronting three
hundred and eighty feet on Polk street and
one hundred and ninety-eight and one half
feet on Fifth avenue, or thereabouts ; the differ-
ence in value between such pieces of land to
be ascertained by a commission to consist of
five persons, two of whom shall be appointed
by said Secretary of the Treasury, two by the
municipal authorities of the city of Chicago,
and the four commissioners so selected^ shall
choose a fifth; and that upon the receipt of
the report of such commission, or of a major-
ity thereof, and its approval by the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Government of the United
States or the city of Chicago, as the case may
be, shall pay to the other in money the differ-
ence so ascertained in the value of said pieces
of land ; and any money which the United
States may be required to pay is subject to
future appropriation by Congress: Provided,
That the State of Illinois shall cede to the
United States its jurisdiction over the property
thus acquired by the United States, together
with the right to tax or in any way assess said
land or the property of the United States that
may be thereon during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLXXXTX—An Act to provide for a
building suitable for a Post Office, for the
accommodation of the Revenue Officers, and
the United States Courts and their officers,
in the City of Parkersburgh, West Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Sepretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
brick building, with a fire-proof brick vault
extending to each story, in the city of Parkers-
burgh, West Virginia, for a post office, and for
the accommodation of the United States rev-
enue officers, and the United States courts and
their officers ; and the sum of one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars is hereby appropriated
for the purpose aforesaid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; and
the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that no
expenditures shall be made or authorized, for
the full completion of said building, beyond the
sum herein appropriated : Provided, That no
money hereby appropriated shall be used or
expended until the valid title to the land for a
site, independent and unexposed to danger
from fire in adjacent buildings, shall be vested
in the United States, nor until the State of
West Virginia shall cede its jurisdiction over
the same, and also duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess said site, or the property of the
United States that may be thereon, during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXC.—An Act to authorize the
National Bank of Springfield, Missouri, to
change its Name.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the name of the
National Bank of Springfield, Missouri, shall
be changed to the First National Bank of
Springfield, Missouri, whenever the board of
directors of said bank shall accept the new
name by resolutions of the board aud cause a
copy of such resolutions, duly authenticated,
to be filed with the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency : Provided, That such acceptance be
made within six months after the passage of
this act.
Sec. 2. That all debts, demands, liabilities,
rights, privileges and powers of the National
Bank of Springfield Missouri, shall devolve
upon and inure to the First National Bank of
Springfield, Missouri, whenever such change
of-name is effected.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCI.—-An Act granting the Right of
Way through the Public Lands to the Utah
Northern Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That for the purpose of
enabling the Utah and Northern Railroad
Company, a corporation organized under the
laws of the Territory of Utah, to build and
extend its line by way of Bear river valley,
Soda springs, Snake river valley, and through
Montana Territory, to a connection with the
Northern Pacific Railroad, by the most ad-
vantageous and practicable line, to be selected
by said company, the right of way through
the public lands in the Territory of Utah,
Idaho, and Montana is hereby granted to said
