1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
the law8 are executed in the meaner provided
by law. But now let us test this matter a little
more. Suppose we were to abolish the Army
to-day, (we may disband it, so that there will
not be a man in it from the general to a pri-
vate,) and here rests upon the President this
obligation to see that the laws are executed,
can he thereupon raise an army of his own
mere motion ? Can he involve this Govern-
ment in $1,000,000 of expense by raising an
army and marching it from the State of New
York to the State of Louisiana to execute
Judge Durell'sdecree, without anyactof Con-
gress authorizing any such thing? No, sir, he
cannot do it, because if Congress will not give
him the means to do it he is powerless to
do it
Mr. CARPENTER. Then the President
has not as much power as the sheriff of the
county in which I reside. He may call the
whole people of Wisconsin and march them
from one end of the State to the other, and
the Presideut cannot march a body of men ten
feet without an act of Congress!
Mr. THURMAN. That is not so either,
and that leaves the power of the marshal just
as Congress has provided. Congress has said
that a marshal shall have certain power, he
has the same power the sheriff has, and as the
sheriff has no power to summon troops of the
United States for any such purpose, neither
has the marshal.
Now, sir, I will not prolong this debate upon
that subject. If you look into these acts, the
act last read by the Senator from Indiana is
an act in relation to insurrection.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, no; it expressly extends
to enforcing decrees of courts.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will send
it to me I will thank him. I do not think any
general act can be found that authorizes the
Army or the Navy of the United States to
be summoned in this manner. There are
certain cases, I think in some of the enforce-
ment acts, where it is so provided. If so, why
was the general law passed in 1861—and I am
now coming to it—which clothed the marshals
with the same power that the sheriffs had 1 Is
it to be supposed that right in the midst of
the war it was intended to clothe the marshals
with power to summon an army in the field,
or an army on its march, and divert it from
its military operations to execute some civil
process to put John Doe into the possession
of a tract of land that he had recovered from
Richard Roe? Was that the meaning of Con-
gress? No, sir, nothing of that kind. It
never was intended that the Army of the
United States was to be used in that manner.
If it had been, Congress would have provided
for it.
But, sir, this debate may be premature. I
have admitted myself, as one of the most pain-
ful circumstances connected with this transac-
tion, that we are left so much in the dark as to
what are the real facts of the case. I do know
one thing; I do know that the rights of the
States in this Union, the preservation of our
Government is not worth the pen with which
the Constitution was written, if one single
little judge of a district court can overturn a
State government or set up what State govern-
ment he pleases. I know furthermore, that
so far as my knowledge extends, the idea of
any judge upon an injunction bill undertaking
to set up and inaugurate a government of a
State is a thing that no man ever heard of
before this was done, and that no man ever
dreamed of as possible until it was actually
achieved in this very case. And I know that
I shall not, under any blind respect for courts,
for one moment tolerate any such proposition
as that. When a court has jurisdiction to do a
thing, I cannot help it if it has erred; the only
way to rectify .its error is in the mode that is pro-
vided by law '; but when a court has no juris-
diction whatever to do any such thing,, when a
little judge of an inferior court of the United
States, a court that may be abolished to mor-
row if Congress sees (it to abolish it, assumes
the power to destroy one State government
and set up another State government accord-
ing to his will and his judgment, I deny that
his opinion is entitled to respect anywhere or
upon any occasion.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to correct him in regard to the statute ?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 should be glad to look
at it.
Mr. MORTON. It is the fourth section of
act
Mr. CARPENTER. I entirely concur with
the honorable Senator from Ohio, that a Fed-
eral court has no right to overturn one gov-
ernment and set up another, and I simply
desire to put in a protest here that no such
thing has been done in this case. Whether A
or B has been duly elected Governor of a State
is one thing and a totally different thing from
the question whether that State government
shall stand or fall. We had a few years ago a
contested election between candidates for the
governorship in the State of Wisconsin. Our
supreme court decided that the man who had
received a certificate and entered upon the
discharge of his duties was not elected, and
rendered a judgment in favor of the contest-
ant, and the man who had received the certifi-
cate vacated the executive chamber and his
opponent took the place. That decision did
not disturb the State government. It was a
mere question between A and B as to who was
entitled to exercise the office of Governor.
Now I understand the question to be precisely
the same in Louisiana—not between rival gov-
ernments, but between rival candidates as to
who has been elected to office.
One word in regard to the jurisdiction of
that court. I am not going into the details
of the matter at all, because such a discussion
is entirely premature, and I only do it by way
of protesting against what might seem to be
implied as the facts of the case from silence
on this side of the Chamber when the Senator
from Ohio has denounced such a condition of
things.
Underthe fifteenth amendment, for instance,
which provides that no State shall abridge or
deny the right of citizens of the United States
to vote on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, aud that the Congress
of the United States shall have power by ap-
propriate legislation to cnforce the provisions
of that article, it is manifest that the right to
vote means the right to have the vote can-
vassed and counted, and effectual for the pur-
pose for which votes are cast. Then, in exe-
cution of that provision of the Constitution
which says that Congress shall legislate to
carry it into effect, Congress has passed an act
saying that no man shall be deprived of an
office, with certain specified exceptions, in
consequence of the State canvassers or State
officers having refused to receive and canvass
a vote offered by a person in the condition
mentioned in the amendment to the Constitu-
tion, and that the party claiming to be elected
may have an appropriate action in the circuit
court of the United States to obtain the office.
What that appropriate action is to be, whether
it shall be a suit in equity for an injunction to
restrain a canvass which would put the wrong
man in, or whether he must wait until his
rival, who was not elected, has been installed
in office, and then bring a quo warranto against
him, is a fair question for judicial determina-
tion. It does not go to the jurisdiction of the
court over the subject. The question is merely
what is the appropriate form of action. You
might as well say, when a court had taken pos-
session of property, for instance, in an action
of replevin, because the action of replevin
could not be maintained and some other form
of action must, the court had no jurisdiction
over the subject-matter. That cannot be
maintained.
I am not going to argue for one moment
whether a suit in equity is the appropriate
suit. It certainly is a suit; but whether it is an
appropriate one or not is a fair question for
judicial determination. That has been determ*
ined by the decision of that judge. W hether he
is right or wrong on that point does not go to
the power of his jurisdiction.
Mr. STEWART. And it is not a question
for the President to review.
Mr. CARPENTER. And as my friend from
Nevada suggests, it is certainly not a question
for the President to review. I am a little
astonished to see the leader of the great Demo-
cratic party—I will not impute the pity which
my friend from Vermont has roused the ire of
my friend from Ohio by implying—I am a
little astonished that the great leader of the
great Democratic party should stand here
insinuating even, or making an argument which
seems to imply that when a Federal court lias
settled a question from which no appeal lies
at present, the President of the United States
is authorized to sit as a court of error and
review, and reverse that judgment, and say he
will not execute it. Sir, what the law is the
courts must determine. The thing which the
courts say the law provides shall be done it
is the duty of the President to see executed,
and that is all that the President has done, as
I understand it, in this particular case.
Mr. THURMAN. A word or two more.
First, let me speak of this section of the act
of 1807, read by the Senator from Indiana,
and it is only necessary to pay attention to it
to see that it has nothing in the world to -do
with this oase. It reads as follows:
" In all cases of insurrection or obstruction of the
lawa either of the United States or of any individual
State or Territory where it is lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States to call forth the militia
for the purpose of suppressing such insurrection, or
of causing the laws to De duly executed"—
What is the case in which it is lawful for him
to call forth the militia for the suppressing of
such insurrection, or of causing the laws to be
duly executed ? It is when he is called upon
by the Executive of the State, the Legislature
not being in session, or by the Legislature if
it is in session—
"it shall be lawful for him to employ for the same
purposes such part of the land or naval forces of the
United States as shall be judged necessary, having
first observed all the prerequisites of the law in that
respect."
What are those prerequisites of the law be-
fore he may call forth the militia? They are,
that he shall make proclamation to the insur-
gents to disperse, before he can do it at all
under the act of 1795 to which this act of 1807
is an amendment. Why, sir, this act has
nothing to do with a case like this. The Con-
stitution says that Congress shall have power
to provide by law for calling forth the militia
to suppress insurrection. That is a power
granted to Congress, and in the exercise of
that power it has-provided by law in what
cases the militia maybe called forth, and those
are cases in which the Legislature of a State,
if in session, or the Executive of the State when
the Legislature is not in session, eball repre-
sent to the President that the insurrection
cannot be put down by State authority, and
therefore invokes the aid of the Federal Gov-
ernment to put it down. The language of the
Constitution is that Congress shall have power
to provide for calling forth the militia.
Mr. CARPENTER. No,
Mr. THURMAN. Yes it is.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Constitution says
that the United States shall guarantee to every
State a republican form of government, and
protect them against invasion, and, when cat led
upon in a certain way, against domestic vio-
lence. It does not say the President shall do
it; it does not Bay Congress shall do it.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 will turn to the pro-
vision of the Constitution. It is that Congress
shall have power to provide for calling forth
the militia.
