638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1G,
Mr. CARPENTER. It is not a power given
to Congress. It is a general power conferred
on the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. No matter upon whom it
is conferred. I say it is conferred upon Con-
gress, but no matter whether it is conferred
upon the Government at large. But here is
the provsion as I said :
"The Congress shall have power to provide for
r.illir.g forth the militia to execute tho laws of
the Union, suppress insurrections, atad repel inva-
sions.''
That is paragraph fifteen of section eight
of the first article of the Constitution. The
Congress is to have power to do that. You
will observe it only says, '' provide for calling
forth the militia,'' and a question was made
whether, under that power given to Congress,
the regular Army or the Navy might be used.
Congress saw fit to decide that question in
favor of the employment of the Army and the
Navy, and therefore provided for it by this act
of 1807, that wherever it should be lawful to
call forth the militia, it might be lawful to use
the regular Army or the Navy of the United
States. That is the act of 1807 ; but they can
only be used in the same cases in which it is
lawful to call forth the militia; that is, to
execute the laws of the United States, sup-
press insurrections, and repel invasions. That
is a power that belongs to Congress, and Con-
gress has provided for its exercise by several
statutes that are upon our statute-book, but
none of which reach such a case as this.
So much for the statute cited by the Sen-
ator from Indiana. Now, a word with respect
to the argument of my friend from Wisconsin.
He says that the enforcement act of March,
1871 — I believe that is the act he referred
to 
Mr. CARPENTER. I think it is.
Mr. THURMAN. That the enforcement
act of 1870 or 1871 (for there were two of
t\ose acts) gives jurisdiction to the Federal
eoarts to do certain things in regard to elec-
tions, and that it provides that a man's vote
Bha.Il not be lost because he was improperly ;
excluded from the right to vote, but that his
vote shall be counted, and that here was a
question whether or not men had not been im-
properly excluded from the right to vote, and,
therefore, whether their votes should not be
counted, and that that was a question which
might be drawn within the jurisdiction of a
Federal court. I grant that, there are provisions
in that act to that effect. I objected to them
at the time the act was under consideration.
I believed them to be unconstitutional then
under any of the amendments to the Consti- ,
tution, aa well as the original Constitution.
1 believe so this day. But I call the attention (
of my friend to the point that that very act
itself excluded from the jurisdiction of the
court any question about the election of mem-
bers of a State Legislature and members of Con-
gress. That very act itself did not permit that 1
question to be tried in the court of the United
States, and therefore it is that I say that when
a Federal juofge undertakes to decide what is
the Legislature of a State, whether he under- I
takes to do it directly by saying that A B or C
D or E F are members of that Legislature, ■
or whether he undertakes to do it indirectly,
in either case he acts without jurisdiction and
in direct violation of the act of Congress under
which it is claimed he has the power to act.
Mr. MORION. If the Senator will allow
me, for I do not wish to replyto him at length,
I will say a word about this act.
Mr. TH URMAN. Which act ?
Mr. MORTON. The act of 1870. |
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Ohio
yield?
Mr. THURMAN. It is indifferent to me I
whether I proceed or not, but these interrup-
tions break in on the line of my argument and
I should like to finish my reply to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio declines to yield.
: Mr. THURMAN. I am perfectly willing
to give way for a moment, but before I do that
let me call the attention of the Senator from
Indiana to what these acts of Congress are.
I read from a note in Pascall :
"By the first act of Congress to secure this guar-
antee, (February:®, 171)5. 1 Statutes-at-Large, 40i.>
it is provided that in case of insurrection in any
State against the government thereof it i-h >11 be
lawful for the President of the United States, on
application of the Legislature of such State, or of
the Executive when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened, to call forth such number of tho militia of
any State or States as may be applied for as he may
judge sufficient to suppress such insurrection."
That is the general law, and that is in force
yet, and the section which has been read by the
Senator is simply to authorize the President to
employ theregularforcesinstead of the militia.
Mr. MORTON. I think this debate pre-
mature, but as I referred to this statute I will
say one word about it for the purpose of vin-
dicating the reference to it, and 1 will say to
my friend that if he will compare the statute
of 1795 and that of 1807 I think he will find he
has no room to doubt in regard to the power
of the President. In the first place the act
of 1795 provides:
"That in case of an insurrection in any State
against the government thereof it shall be lawful for
the President on apheationof the Legislature, or of
the Executive when the Legislature cannot be con-
vened, to call forth such number of the militia," &c.
That power extends only to the militia.
The next section of the act of 1795 applies to
a case of obstruction of the laws where there
is no insurrection, but where there is a com-
bination too powerful for the decree of the
court or of the law, to be enforced in the ordin-
ary way. ;
"Whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposed
it does not refer to insurrection at all—
"or the execution thereof obstructed in any State
by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by
the ordinary course of judicial proceeding or by the
powers vested in the marshals bv this act, it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States to call
forth the militia of such State or of any other State
or States as may be necessary to suppress such com-
binations and to cause the laws to be duly executed;
and the use of the militia so to be called forth may
be continued, if necessary, until the expiration of
thirty days after the commencement of the then
next session of Congress."
Here the power is conferred upon the Presi- i
dent clearly and conclusively to call forth the
militia of a State without any call from the
Legislature, having no reference to insurrec- !
tion, to enforce the law wherever it is ob- i
structed or threatened to be obstructed. These
are the sections of the act of 1705. I pass on !
to the third section : \
" Whenever it may be necessary in tho judgment ^
of the President to use the military force hereby :
directed to be called forth "— |
that is, the militia— I
"the President shall forthwith by proclamation
command such insurgents to disperse and retire
peaceably to their respective abodes within a lim-
ited time."
Now I come to the act of 1807, which is
intended to cover both sections of the act of
1795; first, insurrection, and next, resistance
or obstruction to the law, and authorizing the
Army to be used in either case :
" In all cases of insurrection or obstruction of the
laws"—
it is in the disjunctive, not the conjunctive—
" either of the United States or of any individual
State or Territory where it is lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States to call forth the militia
for the purpose of suppressing such insurrection or
of causing the laws to be duly executed"—
as provided by the act of 1795—
"it shall be lawful for him to employ for the same
purpose such part of the land or naval forces of the
United States as shall be judged necessary, having
first preserved all the prerequisites of the law in
that respcct."
In other words, here is a general power con-
ferred on the President of the United States to
use the Army to suppress insurrection where
he has been called upon by the Legislature or
the Executive of a State, or to enforce the
laws in the other case where there is no insur-
rection, but where the laws are resisted or
likely to be resisted—a direct and broad
power to employ the Army of the United
States, covering every possible case of resist-
ance or threatened resistance to the laws of
the United States. My friend from Ohio is
able and he is learned, but he cannot possibly
take this New Orleans case out from under the
operation of this act of 1807.
Mr. THURMAN. What page is that?
Mr. MORTON. Page 440 of the Digest..
Mr. EDMUNDS. Under the head of " in-
surrection."
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; under the head
of " insurrection."
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, as I said
before, I do not care how much this irregular
argument of mine is chopped up. We are
upon irregularities, and very great ones, 1
think, and perhaps irregularity pervades every
discussion of the subject as well as every ac-
tion that takes place in reference to it. Leav-
ing my friend from Wisconsin for the time be-
ing, and going back to the Senator from Indi-
ana, let us see what the act of 1795 was.
Its first section reads:
"In case of an insurrection in any State against
the government thereof.it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, on application of tho
Legislature of such State, or of the Executive when
the Legislature cannot be convened, to call forth
s-uch number of the militia of any other State or
States as may be applied for as he may judge suffi-
cient to suppress such insurrection."
It cannot be pretended for a moment that
this Louisiana case falls within this section ;
for if it could be said that there was any insui -
rection against the State government at a1!,
one thing is certain, that the President is only
authorized to call forth the militia when called
upon by the Legislature of the State; or, if
it eannot be convened, by the Governor; and
I do not understand auy such call to have been
made in this case. If it has been, very we'll.
That sec'ion, therefore, does not cover it.
Then comes the second section :
" Wheneverthe laws of the United States shall l,e
opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed in ,my
State by combinations too powerful to bo suppressed
by the ordinary course of judicial proceeding, or bv
the powers vested in the marshals by this act, it shall
be lawful for the President of the United States to
call forth the militia of such State, or of any other
State or States as may be necessary to suppress such
combinations and to cause the laws to bo duly exe-
cuted; and the use of the mititia, so to be called
forth may be continued, if necessary, until the ex-
piration of thirty days after the commencement of
the then next session of Congress."
It is true that this section refers to opposi-
tion to the laws of the United States, and the
first section refers to an insurrection against
the State government. There is no doubt
about that. But when is it that the President
can call forth the militia? In the first case,
that is, the case of an insurrection against the
laws of the State, he is to call forth the militia
of some other State, not of the State in which
the insurrection exists, and that for very wise
purposes indeed, in order that you may not
perpetuate the animosities of a civil war in that
very State in which the insurrection takes
place. But when it comes to an obstruction
of the laws of the United States, then the
President may in tho given case call forth the
militia of the State in which the opposition to
the law exists, or he may call forth the militia
of some other State, but he can only doit when
the execution of the laws is obstructed "by
combinations too powerful to be suppressed
by the ordinary course of judicial proc. edii g,
or by the powers vested in the marshals by
this act." If the marshals have the power
to summon the posse comitatus, as has been
claimed for them, and to execute these laws,
then has there been any such combination here
which was "too powerful to be suppressed by
the ordinary course of judicial proceeding,
or by the powers vested in the marshal by this
