18T3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
patent shall issue to the said Vincennes
university for the parcels of land so decreed
as abandoned and awarded to said university:
Provided, That all proceedings in the prem-
ises shall be at the cost of said university, and
that the patents so issued shall operate only as
a quit-claim on the part of the United States,
and shall not affect the valid adverse rights of
any person should such hereafter be found to
exist; and such patents and decrees shall have
no effect upon or in respect to such adverse
rights.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCVIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to authorize the sale of
certain Public Property," approved June
tenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United Statet of America in
Congress assembled, That nothing contained
in the first section of the act entitled "An act
to authorize the sale of certain public prop-
erty," approved June tenth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, shall be so construed as to
prevent the Secretary of War from withdraw-
ing any of the property from sale in cases
where, in his judgment, the highest bid offered
is insufficient or unsatisfactory.
Sec. 2. That any of the said property with-
drawn from sale under this act may be again
offered, either at public sale or by inviting
proposals, after six days' consecutive notice,
fifteen days before the day of sale, m the news-
papers mentioned in the act of which this is an
amendment.
Sec. 3. That it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of War to appoint a board of three Army
officers, which board shall appraise each piece
or parcel of land, with the buildings thereon,
before the same is offered for sale, and no sale
shall be made at a price less than two thirds
of the appraised value.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCIX.—An Act to aid in the erec-
tion of a Monument to the memory of Major
General George H. Thomas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed
to deliver to the Society of the Army of the
Cumberland, eighty-eight pieces of condemned
bronze cannon, if the same can be spared with-
out serious detriment to the Government, to
aid in the erection of an equestrian statue to
the memory of Major-General George H.
Thomas.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCC.—An Act to change the Name
of schooner Andrew Stewart and steamer
Sleepy Hollow.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized aud
directed to changc the name of the SGhooner
Andrew Stewart to Barnelt Jones and the
steamer Sleepy Hollow to that of Long Branch
and grant new registers to the same.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCT.—An Act authorizing the trans-
fer of Safes from the War Department to the
Post-Office Department for use in thetrans-
portation of Registered Mails.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to transfer
such safes, or paymasters' chests, as may be
on hand in his Department, to the Post Office
Department for use in the transportation of
registered mails, with a view to promote the
security of such mails.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCII.—An Act authorizing the con-
struction of a Bridge across the Mississippi
River at Saint Louis in the State of Mis-
souri.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Hov.se of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Saint Clair and
Carondelet Bridge Company, a corporation
chartered and organized under the laws of each
of the States of Illinois and Missouri, and such
other corporations and individuals, if any, as
may hereafter associate themselves with them,
be, and the same are hereby, authorized to
erect, maintain, and operate a bridge across
the Mississippi river, from some point on the
Illinois shore, in the county of Saint Clair,
and the State of Illinois, to the southern part
of the city of Saint Louis, (formerly Caron-
delet,) in the State of Missouri, subject to all
the conditions contained in said acts of incor-
poration or amendments thereto, and not incon-
sistent with the terms and provisions contained
in this act; and in case of any litigation aris-
ing from obstruction, or alleged obstruction, to
the free navigation of said waters, the cause
shall be tried before the district court of the
United States of either State which any por-
tion of said obstructions or bridge touches.
Sec. 2. That the bridge authorized by the
preceding section to be built shall be subject
to the following conditions: first, the two spans
over the main channel of the river shall not be
less than five hundred feet in the clear from
pier to pier at low-water mark ; secondly, no
span over the water at low-water mark shall be
less than two hundred and fifty feet in the clear
of abutments; thirdly, the elevation of said
bridge over the main channel shall not be less
than one hundred feet above low-water mark,
as understood at the point of location, meas-
uring for such elevation to the lowest part of
the superstructure or the bottom chord of said
bridge, or in the case of arch spans to the low-
est point of the center of the nrch; fourthly,
the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with
the currant of the river as near.as practicable;
and that no ripraps or other outside protection
for imperfect foundation will be permitted in
the channel way; that said bridge shall be
provided with two railway tracks, two high-
way tracks, and two foot-walks of not less than
eight feet in width.
Sec. 3. That said bridge company, author-
ized to construct said bridge across the Missis
sippi river by the States of Missouri and Illi-
nois, upon whose territory said bridge will abut.,
shall give notice by publication for thirty days,
in newspapers havingawide circulation, in not
less than two newspapers in the cities of Pitts-
burgh, Cincinnati, Louisville, Saint Louis,
Memphis, and New Orleans, and shall submit
to the Secretary of War, for his examination,
a design of the bridge and piers, and a map
of the location, giving, for the space of at least
one mile above and one mile below the pro-
posed location, the topography ef the banks
of the river, the shore-lines at high and low
water, the direction of the current at all stages,
and the soundings accurately showing the bed
of the stream, the location of any other bridge
or bridges, and shall furnish such other inform-
ation as may be required for a full and satis-
factory understanding of the subject by the
Secretary of War; and if the Secretary ot War
is satisfied that the provisions of the law have
been complied with in regard to location, the
| building of the piers may be at once com-
I meneed; but if* it shall appear that the condi-
tions prescribed by this act cannot be com-
plied with at the location where it is desired to
construct the bridge, the Secretary of War
shall, after considering any remonstrances filed
against the building of said bridge, and fur-
nishing copies of such remonstrances to the
board of engineers provided for in this act,
detail a board, composed of three experienced
officers of the corps of engineers, to examine
the case, and may, on their recommendation,
authorize such modifications in the require-
ments of this act as to location and piers as
will permit the construction of th« bridge, not,
however, diminishing the width of the spans
contemplated by this act: Provided, That the
free navigation of the river be not materially
injured thereby.
Sec. 4. That any person, company, or cor-
poration owning or operating any bridge con-
structed under this act shall maintain, at their
own expense, from sunset to sunrise, through-
out the year, such lights on their bridges as
may be required by the Light-House Board
for the security of navigation ; and all persons
owning or operating said bridge over the Mis-
sissippi river shall, in any event,, maintain all
lights on their bridge that may be necessary
for the security of navigation.
Sec. 5. That the bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be deemed and taken to be a lawful structure,
and shall be recognized and known as a post
route for the transmission of the mails, the
troops, and the munitions of war of the United
States, and no higher charge per mile shall be
made for the transmission of mails, troops,
and munitions of war, or other property of the
United States, in its passage across said bridge,
than ia charged on railroads approaching said
bridge.
Sec. 6. That the directors of said corpora-
tion may be citizens of any of tha United
States, and may hold their meetings in either
of the. States of Illinois and Missouri, as the
board of directors may elect, and may execute
a mortgage and issue bonds, payable, principal
and interest, in gold.
Sec. 7. That all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge after its completion shall
have and be entitled to equal rights and priv-
ileges in the passage of the same, and in the
use of the machinery and fixtures thereof,
and of all the approaches thereto, under and
upon such equitable terms and conditions as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War,
upon hearing the allegations and proofs of the
parties, in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 8. That the right to alter or amend this
act so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of said bridge is hereby ex-
pressly reserved; and (iny change in^ the con-
struction or any alteration of said bridge that
may be directed at any time by Congress shall
be made at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof.
This act shall be subject to amendment or
repeal at the pleasure of Congress.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCOIII.—An Act authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to deliver Condemned Ordnancc
to certain organizations for Monumental
purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, aud he hereby is, authorized to deliver, if
the same can be done without detriment to the.
Government, four condemned cannon and
sixteen cannon balls to each of the following-
named organizations for the purpose of orna-
menting burial grounds of deceased soldiers:
To the Army and Navy Union of Portland,
Maine;
