1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
frequently. The main argument for reeligi-
bility has been, that if you take it away you
remove the motive for a zealous and patriotic
discharge of duty; that the ambition to be
reelected will be a powerful incentive to good
administration. I am bold to maintain that
the history of our country for the last forty
years proves the fallacy of this argument or
assertion. The administrations of nearly all
those Presidents who were not reelected were
failures, especially where the desire for reelec-
tion was strong.
The first, term is only a means to secure the
second. No legislation will be attempted that
will be likely to alienate even a very small
portion of party adherents. No removals will
be made, however necessary, if they can be
avoided, and thereby the public service is
made to suffer. In making appointments to
office political considerations alone will pre-
vail. These are the facts so far as the first
four years go. This then is one misfortune ;
not that we have to suffer four years of bad
rule to get four years of good, but very fre-
quently a much longer period. No person
was reelected President of the United States
between the years 1832 and 1864, a period of
thirty-two years and covering six administra-
tions. During this long period we never had
the second four years of good government.^
But when we render a reelection impossible
by constitutional amendments, there will be
no motive to do anything bat what will pro-
mote the best interests of the people. The
principles of an honorable ambition to become
distinguished, the desire to transmit an hon-
orable name and fame to posterity, will be
sufficient of themselves to secure a good ad-
ministration of the law.
Six years seem to be a happy medium
between a term that might in case of a good
magistrate seem short and in case of a bad
one might seem too long. But a limit must
be fixed, and six years seem to be sufficient
for maturing and testing any plan or policy
of administration.
More than that, I am satisfied that the people
would prefer that our presidential elections
should occur less frequently. One half of
every fourth year is a period of excitement and
commotion. In an economical point of view
these frequent elections are not desirable, as
they cost a great amount of time and labor
which could be much more profitably employed.
The proposed amendment has such a direct
and important bearing upon the question of
civil service reform that it cannot be over
looked. Both of the leading political parties
are in the most solemn manner pledged to a
true and genuine reform in our civil service.
I hold that no such reform can ever be accom-
plished unless we make the President ineligible
after the first term. All the evils and abuses
inherent in the present system of civi' service
have their root in and spring_ from the great
mistake of allowing the President more than
one term. The President of the United States
is the fountain of power and the source ot all
patronage. If the fountain is impure, the
channels issuing therefrom will partake or that
impurity. The present attempt at civil service
reform is a failure, because it is an attempt to
purify the streams while the fountain whence
they flow is left impure and defiled. With the
President, then, must commence genuine re-
form. Here is the pivotal point on which the
tie man in'good standing in the Republican
party, denounce the so-called system of civil
service reform as a cheat and a humbug , a
while it professed to be a movement in oppo-
sition to the old political maxim, to the
victors belong the spoils,'' yet m truth no one
opposed to the Administration had under that
system been appointed to office; and, in his
frankness, declared that he did not think that
any one ever would be appointed, He
nounced it as an effort to build up an aristoc-
racy of office-holders within the ranks of the
Republican party. That speech has gone to
the country, and it has not yet been answered
nor its statements denied or contradicted. And
that I believe to be a true statement of this
whole scheme, so extravagantly eulogized by
Harpers' Weekly. Look at the fearful instru-
ments of corruption and evil influence in the
hands of the Executive of the nation.
Our gross receipts for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871, were $374,431,104 94.
The expenditures for the same year were
$157,583,827 58. Of this amount nearly two
thirds may be regarded as "patronage."
That is to say, that those who receive it will
be more or less under the influence of the
President, and be so influenced by him as not
to be likely to put themselves in political
opposition to his views.
There are between eighty and a hundred
thousand clerks, officers, and employes, all
either directly or indirectly dependent on the
President of the United States for the tenure
of their office. Look at your Blue Book, with
its closely printed pages of small type, con-
taining the lists of names of officers, clerks,
laborers, watchmen, &c., with their salaries,
and you will get some idea of the patronage
of our Government. In any ordinarily con-
tested election, with a nearly even division of
parties, the President, who is a candidate for
reelection has on account of patronage alone
over one quarter of a million votes in his favor.
I have always revered our excellent Consti-
tution ; it stands without a model or a parallel.
It is the first successful attempt at free govern-
ment. It is the first successful attempt to
keep separate the executive, legislative, and
judicial departments of Government, and by
a system of checks and balances, it preserves
each of these powers from encroachment by
either or both of the other two.
But while thus declaring my attachment to
the Constitution, I would not, I could not,
close my eyes to some of its glaring defects
and omissions. Its framers were human, and
therefore liable to err. The work in hand was
to them in many respects new; the republics
of ancient and modern times served rather as
warnings than as examples. They all showed
where the defects were, but in what principles
success laid was not disclosed by their failures.
The evidence they furnished was of a negative
kind; it showed what would not succeed, but
did not disclose what would.
To the want of historic light and of an ex-
ample of a successful experiment ofself-govern-
ment was added the other difficulty encountered
by the framers of our form of government,
and that was conflict of interest. There were
large States and small States; there were free
States and slave States; there were agricul-
tural States afid commercial and manufactur-
ing States. All these conflicting interests had
to be reconciled and compromised. And, by
the blessings of Heaven and the patriotism ot
the noblest men that ever lived, these conflict-
ing interests were compromised. I know that
these compromises have been denounced as a
league with the devil and a covenant with hell;
yet they led to the establishment of that Fed-
eral Union to which we owe the greatness and
glory we have achieved. Among the few de-
fects which time and experience have pointed
out to us, is the one in reference to the method
of choosing the President and Vice President
of the United States. While we respect that
sacred instrument, let it not be with blind
veneration ; while we seek to change it, let us
notdo it as rash innovators and partisans,but m
the spirit of moderation, wisdom, and calmness.
Let us amend its detects now, when no elec-
tion is pending and party spirit is not running
mad. Do not let us wait till the election may
depend upon one or two States, and tne elect-
oral vote of those Stales contested. Do not
let us wait until the people, feeling that they
have either by the bribery of a few electors or
by the legitimate working of our Constitution
been cheated out of their rights, are really for
revolution or civil war.
I do not pretend that the passage of the
resolution will remove all the evils from our
system of electing our Presidents, but it will
go a great way; the rest can be supplemented
by ordinary legislation.
There is a duty, too, devolving on the States
in this matter. Prom my standpoint Congress
can fix the time for electing Senators and
Representatives in Congress, and also for the
election of President and Vice President, but
it cannot fix the times for holding the State
elections. It is absolutely necessary that these
elections and the presidential election be held on
the same day and that all the States hold this
election on the same day. This change can-
not be too highly recommended.
I think it will not be considered an extrav-
agant statement to say that less than one thou-
sand negro voters may have settled the late
presidential election. North Carolina, the
first State that held its election, gave 1,899
majority for the Administration; this pro-
duced its result in Vermont and Maine, and
by the time the election was over in Maine
the contest was decided. North Carolina
acted upon Vermont, Vermont reacted upon
Maine, and Maine influenced Pennsylvania,
Ohio, and Indiana. But North Carolina was
influenced from Washington by the_ most
extravagant use of Federal patronage; it was
overrun by official stump orators who were
drawing their pay as officers in the various
Departments of the Government. There is
probably from a quarter to half a million
voters in the United States who take no
higher view of duty than to be on the winning
side. They have no convictions of duty and
are governed simply by the chances of success.
All must admit the truth of this statement,
and deplore the fact that it is truthful. But
the remedy is simple: hold our State and
national elections on the same day in every
State of the Union. Then you make the con-
centration of patronage impossible, and you
prevent the indifferent class of voters, who
have no higher ambition than to be on the
winning side, from defeating the will of the
majority who do take an interest in the elec-
tion of the President of the United States.
This will also prevent colonization of re-
peaters, and protect the ballot-box from a set
of desperate scoundrels who are hired to move
from one State to another for the purpose of
fraudulent voting.
Again, there is a necessity for the repeal of
the twenty-second joint rule. This rule is
an abomination, and if allowed to remain
will sooner or later bring upon us untold
evils. A single objection to the counting of the
electoral votes of auy State makes its neces-
sary for the Senate to withdraw, and each
House to consider the objection without debate,
and before any such electoral vote can be
counted each House must concur in the same.
The rule should be, that, unless both Houses
agreed to reject the vote, it should be counted.
The presumption should be, that the vote is
right and should require the concurring vote
of tbvj two Houses to reject it.
Under the operation of this rule we saw the
State of Arkansas thrown out by the Senate
on a vote of 22 for counting the electoral vote,
to a vote of 28 against it. The House voted in
favor of counting the vote by a vote of 103
to 25. If the vote had been taken in a joint
convention, the electoral vote of Arkansas
would have been received by a majority of 78
votes.
A portion of the electoral vote of Georgia
was also rejected by a failure ot the House to
concur with the action of the Senate.
This is not the only danger of the rule.
When it shall happen again, as it often has
happened in the past, that the two Houses of
Congress shall be controlled by different po-
litical parties, then you present the strongest
