1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
Laws of the United, States.
42d Gong....-3d Sess.
school money now due, or that may become
due, to said board from the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown shall be paid to the treas-
urer of said board, and not to the trustees, as
now provided.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCIX.—An Act donating Condemned
Cannon and Cannon Balls to the Wyoming
County Soldiers' Monument Association.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized to de-
liver, if the same can be done without detri-
ment to the Government, six condemned can-
non, and sixteen cannon-balls, to the Wyom-
ing County (New York) Soldiers' Monument
Association.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCX.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to survey, plat, and sell the
present Cemetery Grounds upon the Fort
Gratiot Military Reservation in Michigan,
and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the Fort
Gratiot military reservation, in the State of
Michigan, as has heretofore been granted to
the city of Port Huron for a cemetery, shall
be, upon the request of said city, duly certi-
fied under the seal thereof, surveyed and plat-
ted into streets, blocks, and lots, under the
direction of the Secretary of War, in con-
formity to the plat of thai portion of said mil-
itary reservation surrounding said cemetery,
lately made by Major O. M. Poe, United States
engineer, and now on file in the office of the
register of deeds of Saint Clair county, and
shall be sold under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War at public vendue, and the proceeds
of such sale, after paying the expenses of such
survey and sale, shall be paid over to the city
of Port Huron, to be use.d by said city for the
purchase or improvement, or both, of such
lands as the city may acquire for another cem-
etery, and for removing the remains of those
buried in the present to the new cemetery, and
for such other purposes as may be necessary
in the change of burial places: Provided, ihat
suitable and proper lots in the new cemetery
shall be granted to tho.se having lots- m the
present cemetery, with like improvements, or
their value, to a reasonable extent, and that
reinterments not otherwise provided for shall
be made at the expense of said city, and that
the city of Port Huron, shall hold such moneys
in trust for the purposes herein specified, and
for no other whatever; and conveyances of
the blocks and lots sold by the Secretary of
War, as herein provided for, shall be made to
purchasers by the said Secretary of War under
such rules and regulations as he shall prescribe,
and the survey and plat, or a copy thereof,
herein provided for, shall be recorded 1^".c
office of the register of deeds in Saint Clair
county, and the same, or duly certified copies
thereof, shall be evidence in all courts tor all
lawful purposes connected therewith: Ana
provided further, That said city shall obtain
the consent of a majority of the citizens there-
of, owning or occupying lots in said cemetery,
to such removal.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXL—An Act to purchase a Site for
a Public Building in Pittsburgh.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Cunqress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to purchase, at private sale, or it
42d Con«. 3d Sess.—No. 20.
necessary, by condemnation, in pursuance of
the statutes of the State of Pennsylvania, a
suitable piece of ground, in the city of Pitts-
burgh, in the State qf Pennsylvania, for the
erection of a building to be used for a court-
house, custom-house, post-office, United States
marshal's office, and other Government offices,
the cost of the same not to exceed three hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That no
money to be appropriated under this act shall
be available until a valid title to such land is
vested in the United States, nor until the State
of Pennsylvania, shall duly release and relin-
quish jurisdiction over the same, and exempt
from taxation such property and the buildings
to be hereafter erected thereon, while the same
are in the possession of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXII.—An Act providing for the
completion of the Military Road from Santa
F6 to Taos, in the Territory of New Mexico.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of twenty-
five thousand dollars be, and the same is^ here-
by, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury of the United States not otherwise
appropriated, for the completion of the mili-
tary road from the city of Santa F6 to Fer-
nandez de Taos, in the Territory .of New
Mexico, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXIIL—An Act to confer Jurisdic-
tion on the Court of Claims to hear and de-
termine the Suit of Carondelet versus the
United States.
Whereas doubts exist touching the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims over the suit now
pending in said court against the Un ited States
for the recovery of a tract of land claimed to
be a- part of the commons of Carondelet, in-
stituted by the city of Carondelet: Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ameriea in
Congress assembled, That jurisdiction be, and
hereby is, granted to the Court of Claims to
hear and determine said cause, and the mat-
ters in controversy therein, subject to the right
of appeal by either party to the Supreme Court
of the United States; and that the depositions
heretofore taken in said cause may be read at
the trial thereof with the same effect as if taken
after the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
National Bank of Topeka, in the State of
Kansas, is hereby authorized to change its
name to the First National Bank of Topeka,
whenever the stockholders representing three
fourths of the capital of said bank, at ji meet-
ing called for that purpose, determine to make
such change, the president and cashier shall
execute a certificate, under the corporate seal
of the bank, specifying such determination,
and sjiall cause the same to be recorded in the
office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and
thereupon such change of name shall be effected,
and the operations of discount and deposit of
said bank shall be carried on under the name
of the First National Bank of Topeka.
Sec. 2. That all the debts, demands, liabil-
ities, rights, privileges, and powersof the Kan-
sas Valley National Bank of Topeka shall
devolve upon and inure to the First National
Bank of Topeka.
Sec. 3. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to re-
lease the said bank from any liability, or affect
any actions or proceeding in law iu which the
said bank may be a party or interested ; and
when such change shall have been determined
upon, as aforesaid, notice thereof, and of such
change shall be published in at least two weekly
newspapers in the county of Shawnee, State pf
Kansas, for not less than four successive weeks.
Sec. 4. That this act shall take effect and
be iu force from and after its passage.
Approved,' March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCXTV.—An Act to place at the dis.
posal of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enne certain Copies of the new Compilation
of Internal-Revenue Laws.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Cqiiqtgss assembled^ ihat of the seven thou*
sand copies of the new compilation of internal
revenue laws ordered by section forty-five of
the act of June sixth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, to be printed for the use ot Con-
gress, eight hundred shall be for the use of the
Senate, twelve hundred shall be for the use ot
the House of Representatives, and five thou-
sand shall be for the use of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. <•
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCXV.—An Act authorizing the Kan-
sas Valley National Bank of Topeka, in the
State of Kansas, to change its Name to the
First National Bank of Topeka.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the Kansas Valley
Chap. CCCXVI.—An Act to provide for a
Board of Commissioners to report a system
of Irrigation for the San Jpaquin, Sacra-
mento and Tulare in California:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, ThatthePresident be, and
he is hereby, authorized to assign two engin-
eers of the Army and one officerof the Coast,
Survey, now stationed on the Pacific coast, lor
the purpose of examining and reporting on a
system of irrigation in the San Joaquin, Tulare,
and Sacramento valleys of the State of Cal-
ifornia ; and for that purpose the officers so
assigned may associate with themselves the
chief of the geological survey of California,
and also one other civilian distinguished for
his knowledge of the subject.
Sec. 2. That these five persons shall con-
stitute a board, with power to fill vacancies,
whose duty it shall be to make a fall report to
the President on the best system of irrigation
for said valleys, with all necessary plans,
details, engineering, statistical, and otherwise,
which report the President shall transmit to
Congress at its nekt session, with such recom-
mendations as he shall think proper.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of War shall fur-
nish subsistence and transportation for the
board while in the field, and the compensation
of the members of the board who are not
in the service of the United States shall not
exceed two thousand dollars each, but the
other members of the board shall receive no
additional compensation for their services.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXVII.—An Act for the temporary
Relief of the Indians at Camp McDermit, iu
Humboldt County, Nevada.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
is hereby authorized and directed to issue such
rations of food and clothing to the Indians
about Camp McDermit, in Humboldt county,
Nevada, as may be necessary to save such
Indians from destitution and starvation until
such time as provision shall be made for them
through the Interior Department.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
