642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
states, the right to object will be reserved
until the bill shall have been read.
The bill was read. It provides that the time
within which the several States may comply
with the provisions of the act of July 23,
1^06, entitled "An act to amend the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled 'An act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts,' approved
July 2, 1862, so as to extend the time within
which the provisions of said act shall be
accepted and such colleges established," shall
be extended so that the States which have not
complied with the provisions of the acts in
establishing colleges shall have the period of
two years after the 1st of July, 1872, within
which to provide at least one college, as
described in the fourth section of an act enti-
tled "An act donating public lands to the sev-
eral States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to ask a question,
reserving my right to object; that is, whether
under this bill any more land scrip will be
issued than has been already issued?
Mr. PERCE. The object of this bill, if the
gentleman will permit me to explain 
Mr. SARGENT. Please answer my ques-
tion.
Mr. PERCE. I will do so. The object of
this bill is merely to extend the provisions of
the act of 1862 to those States that have not
complied with that law and the one amend-
atory thereof, but wiiich3 as I understand,
have received their certificates for the land.
It does not increase the quantity of land to be
given to the States for this purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman says
that the certificates of land have been issued
1 will not object.
Mr. PERCE. I so understand it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be no :
objection to this bill. _ i
Mr. SARGENT. On that statement I will
withdraw my objection.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PERCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nathaniel m'kay.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, by unanimous consent, re-
ported a substitute for House bill No. 3013,
for the relief of Nathaniel McKay, together
with a report thereon in writing.
The substitute and report were ordered to
be printed and recommitted to the Committee
of Claims, not to be brought back into the
House by a motion to reconsider.
restoring revolutionary pensioners.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812,
by unanimous consent, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 3503) restoring the names of certain
persons to the pension-rolls, and in amend-
ment of an act granting pensions to the sur-
vivors of the war of 1812, approved February
14, 1871.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted, not
to be brought back into the House on amotion
to reconsider.
correction of journal.
Mr. STORM. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am reported in the Globe, and I
believe I am so recorded in the Journal, as
having voted in the affirmative upon the ques-
tion of increasing certain salaries in the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill under consideration yesterday. That is
an error, and I ask that it be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be
made.
sandusky harbor, ohio.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House a, copy of the supplement-
ary report of Major Gillespie in relation to his recent
survey of Sandusky harbor.
colorado.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins. The
first business in order is the consideration of the
bill reported from the Committee on the Ter-
ritories (H. R. No. 148) to enable the people
of Colorado to form a constitution and State
government for the admission of said State
into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Thegentleman from Ne-
braska [Mr. Taffe] who has charge of this
bill is still confined to his room and unable to
be here. When the bill was before under con-
sideration I understand that he made arrange-
ments to yield to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. E. H. Roberts] for twenty min-
utes. I therefore yield to the gentleman for
that time.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. If my modest and
able colleague from the nineteenth district of
New York, [Mr. Prindle,] a member of the
Committee on the Territories, should ask to
have his county of Chenango created into a
State, he might attract attention but hardly
approval. If the industrious and accom-
plished Representative from the twentieth dis-
trict, [Mr. Merriam,] who sits at my left, were
to introduce a bill to set up the county of
Herkimer into a State of that name, his bill
might go upon the files but could hardly be
carried further. If the distinguished successor
of Gerrit Smith [Mr. Lansing] should argue
from the wealth and population of Madison
county, New York, that a State should be made
out of it, even his legal keenness and force
would hardly command favorable considera-
tion. If the eminent leader of the Democracy
from the eighth district [Mr. Brooks] should
demand that each of the three wards (eight-
, eenth, twentieth, and twenty-first) which con-
stitute his old district should be conceded the
prerogatives and representation of a State, even
his ability and experience would not repel rid-
icule. And if the witty arid versatile gentle-
man who now sits for the sixth district, [Mr.
Cox,] in his zeal to be a Representative at
large, should ask that two of the wards in his
district (ninth and sixteenth) should be set up
into the States of Tammany and Manhattan,
he would be regarded as perpetrating the best
joke of his brilliant congressional career. Yet
the ninth census shows that each of these coun-
ties and wards had a larger population in 1870
than had the Territory of Colorado. The com-
parison with Utah is only a little less signifi-
cant.
Whole territory-
Counties and wards in
New York.
Chenango  40,564 Colorado 39,864
: Herkimer  39,929
j Madison  43,522 Utah    86,786
Ninth ward, New
York city  47,609
Sixteenth ward.
New York city... 48,359
Eighteenth ward,
New York city... 59,593
Twentieth ward.
New York city... 75,407
Twenty-first ward,
New York city... 56,703
Utah and Colorado together have less popu-
lation than two of the wards of the old eighth
district of New York.
Colorado comes like a mailed knight and
demands a seat at the round table of the nation.
The Committee on the Territories is not a stern
guardian, and is content to let him work his
will. It will be far better if Congress shall,
like the mother of Gareth, impose at least
some service, some period of probation.
New York contains more than eleven per
cent, of the population, more than twenty-one
per cent, of the wealth of the nation. Under
the new apportionment she will have, as near
as may be, her representation according to
population in this House ; in the Senate she
will have only two and seven tenths per cent,
of power. Of this inequality she makes no
complaint. Only she protests that it shall not
be further exaggerated.
We do honor to the enterprise and courage
of those who go forth to- conquer plain and
valley and mountain. Let them have full
weight and influence in the councils of the
nation. But it is requiring too much that a
citizen in Colorado should stand for three and
three tenths as much in this House as the
average citizen in New York ; and still more
gross is the wrong that an individual in
Colorado should stand in the Senate for one
hundred and nine of the worthiest New
Yorkers. Our brethren who have sought the
wilds of Pike's Peak or of Cottonwood canon
must excuse us if we fail to discover that they
have been multiplied so many fold by a sim-
ple journey by railroad, that the shadows of
the Rocky mountains crown them with such
political superiority.
The plea has been made that the erection
of new States beyond the Mississippi, even
with inadequate population, was necessary to
counterbalance New England in the national
councils. This was the homoeopathic doctrine,
similia similibus curantur. Such a remedy
should be given in atomic doses. By excess it
has already become more formidable than the
disease. The six extreme western States con-
tain less than half the population of the six far
eastern States ; less population than Indiana
alone. Together they have only thirteen Rep-
resentatives, while they have twelve seats in
the Senate. These are the figures:
Far Went. Pop. Rep. New Eng. Pop. Rep
California, 560,247 ' 4 Conn  537,454 3
Kansas  364.399 3 Maine.  626,915 5
Minnesota 439,706 3 Mass 1,457,351 11
Nebraska.. 122,993 1 N. Qamp.. 318,300 3
Nevada  42,491 1 R. 1  217,353 2
Oregon  90,922 1 Vermont-. 330,551 3
1,620,759 13
3,487,924 27
We can well wait to let this western wing
gather meat and muscle before more feathers
are added unto it. Let these new Common-
wealths grow up at least to the stature of New
England. Now these twelve States, with thir-
teen per cent, of population, furnish over
thirty-two per cent, of our Senators.
If it were only a question of numbers, the
great body States might be patient under
the growing inequality of power in these two
wings. They might not question the accession
of carpet-bagging sons to the Senate from the
far West if real danger did not loom up. Bat
much more than numbers is involved. The
fundamental principles of our Constitution are
assailed.
For a check upon the immediate Represent-
atives of the people, for a power more con-
servative than the Executive, and having a
longer tenure, the Constitution has provided
a body peculiar in its organization. It stands
in some'sense for the States rather than the
people. It is in theory senior, higher, more
eminent than the popular branch. It pre-
supposes a broader constituency, wider field
for choice, and consequently a more elevated
standard. In the case of several new States
we have overthrown in practice the whole
theory. They send two members to the other
end of the Capitol while only one comes hither.
For them this is the more select body ; they
render that the cheapest and easiest of access.
In other lands a second legislative cham-
ber stands for oligarchy, aristocracy, the few
against the one and the few against the many.
