306
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. CCCXYIII.—An Act to amend the
Charter of the Grutli Verein Association.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Grutli Verein
Association of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, be authorized to issue building stock to
an amount not exceeding fifty thousand dollars,
to be divided into shares of the par value of
fifty dollars each, payable in such installments,
and under such conditions as shall be determ-
ined by a building committee of five, to be
chosen from the stockholders, by a stock vote,
when twenty thousand dollars of said stock
shall have been subscribed, and thereafter
annually.
Sec. 2. That said building committee shall
have the entire control and management of
said stock and its investment, and of any land
purchased or building erected by means thereof,
until the subscriptions are paid in, and the
building completed, when their functions shall
cease, and the said land and building shall
thereafter be held and directed by, and be for
the use and benefit of, said association in per-
petual succession.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXIX.—An Act repealing an Act
entitled "An Act for the Relief of certain
Indians in the Central Superintendency,';
approved June tenth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two.
An Act supplemental to an Act entitled "An
Act for the Relief of certain Indians in the
Central Superintendency," approyed June
tenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
and to settle by commission all rights and
equities respecting the property to which
said Act refers.
Whereas, by^ an act entitled "An act for the
relief of certain Indians in the central super-
intendency" approved June tenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, the Secretary of the
Interior was authorized and directed to appoint
three commissioners and to take an inventory
of, appraise, and sell certain lands, bonds,
notes, accounts, contracts, mortgages, and
other property or assets held or acquired in
any manner under a trust in respect to educ-
tion, created and confirmed by treaties with
the Ottawa Indians of Blanchard's Fork and
Roche de Bceuf, proclaimed July twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and October
fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
and to pay the proceeds of such sale to the
several members of tlje said tribe, their heirs
or assigns, per capita; and whereas counter
claims of rights and equities in said lands,
bonds, notes, accounts, contracts, mortgages,
and other property or assets having been set
forth and affirmed by the trustees under said
trust, and by the American Baptist Home
Mission Society, the Secretary of the Interior
has referred to Congress the question of fur-
ther legislation; and whereas representatives
of all the said parties have united in an agree-
ment to make friendly application to Congress
fof legistation providing for the ascertainment
of all such property, real and personal, and the
severance and satisfaction by commission, of
the equitable interests of the contending par-
ties : Now, therefore, in order that the perfect
juntice may be done in the premises to all the
said parties,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Thai, Walter R. Irwins,
Luther R. Smith, commissioner appointed by
the Secretary of the Interior under the afore-
mentioned act, together with Henry S. Neal,
of Ohi}, Joseph Henry, of Washington, D. C.,
and Emory Washburn, of Massachusetts-, be,
and they are hereby, constituted a commis- to
investigate and ascertain ail the property, real
or personal, rights and interests legal or equit-
able, held or acquired under such trust, and to
determine and award upon the rights and equi-
ties of the said parties in the property afore-
said for which purpose they are invested with
sufficient power and authority to hear and
determine, and to make such rules and orders
thereunto as may be necessary, and their award
shall be final and conclusive of all the rights
and claims of all parties.
Sec. 2. That the said commission shall as-
semble on or before the first Wednesday in
August, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
at such place as a majority of its members may
select, and, upon heing duly sworn by any per-
son authorized to administer oaths, they shall
proceed to organize by the election of one of
their number as president and of another as
secretary, with authority to procure rooms and
attendance. A majority shall constitute a
quorum for all business, and they may adjourn
to any place deemed by them more convenient.
The Secretary of the Interior shall be authorized
to detail a stenographer for the service of the
commission. In order to the prompt and easy
carrying into effect of their final award the
commission shall proceed to demand and take
possession of all the lands, bonds, notes, ac-
counts, choses in action, contracts, mortgages,
records and other property or assets, held or
required under said trust, and in case of the
refusal of any person or persons to give posses-
sion of and deliver such lands, bonds, notes,
accounts, choses in action, contracts, mort-
gages, records and other property or assets,
shall bring suit, or suits in behalf of the parties
in interest, in the name of the United States
as plaintiff, for the same in the United States
circuit court for the eighth judicial circuit,
which court shall have power to appoint a re-
ceiver ; and it shall be the duty of the Attorney
General to prosecute the said suit or suits to
final judgment. The commission shall, never-
theless, proceed to inquire, to investigate,
determine and award as if in actual possession
of the property ; and the said commission shall
determine and adjudge the various claims ac-
cording to what they shall deem the rights and
equities of the case. After meeting the neces-
sary expenses ofthis adjudication as hereinafter
provided, any lands or other property, interest
or equities which may be awarded to the In-
dians aforesaid shall be sold, paid, or delivered
for their benefit as the commission may direct;
and any equities which may be awarded to the
said trustees and to the said Home Mission
Society shall be paid or delivered as the com-
mission may direct. Patents of lands may be
issued by the Secretary of the Interior, and he
shall be authorized and empowered to do any
other act necessary, in his judgment, to carry
into effect the awards of this commission, on
notice to hitn by the said commissioners of
their final award. Lands so patented shall be
liable to taxation under the laws of Kansas
after five years from the passing of this act, or
sooner if sold by the parties to whom they may
be patented under the said award : Provided,
however, That the section on which the Ottawa
University stands, or any part of it, which may
remain as a site of an institution of learning,
shall remain free from taxation until the Legis-
lature of Kansas shall otherwise order. The
said commissioners shall be required to make
an award in writing which, within thirty days
after the case is finally submitted, shall be filed
in the office of the Secretary of Interior, and a
copy thereof shall be deiivered by the Secretary
of the Interior to each of said parties when the
same is so filed; and the concurrence of a
majority of said commissioners in such award
shall be nccessary. Said commissioners shall
also fix the amount of fees or compensation to
be paid to the counsel of said Indians for ser-
vices already rendered before the passing of
this act, and which may be rendered hereafter
in the premises, together with their expenses,
which compensation and expenses shall be
paid out of the funds, property and assets
awarded to said Indians ; and they shall also
audit the costs of proceedings before this com-
mission, which, with the compensation of th<5
commissions to be fixed by the Secretary pf
the Interior, and their expenses, together with
the compensation and expenses of the com-
mission appointed under the act of June tenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, to be pre-
sented by the Secretary of the Interior shall be
paid out of the property as a whole, and in
proportion to the several interests as adjudged.
Sec. 3. That any vacancy occurring in this
commission shall be filled by the President
of the United States.
Sec. 4. That any person or party interested
in the awards to be made under this act shall
have the right to institute suit or suits at law,
or in chancery, before the circuit court, of the
United States within the State of Kansas, to
carry into effect and enforce any decision made
by the commissioners appointed under this act,
and for this purpose, jurisdiction is hereby
given to said court in all cases thus arising,
and from the orders, decrees, and judgments
of said court in such cases appeals may be
taken as in other cases.
Sec. 5. That if, at any time before the ren-
dering of a decision by the commission afore-
said, the parties to the questions in contro-
versity shall agree upon a settlement, and the
said settlement shall be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, then the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized and em-
powered to issue patents of lands, and to do
any other act necessary, in his judgment, to
carry such settlement into effect, as if it were
an award of the said commission, and each
and all of the said parties shall have the right
to enforce the terms of the settlement by suit
suits in law or in chancery as provided for in
section four of this act.
Sec. 6. That upon carrying into effect of
the award or settlement aforesaid, the juris-
diction of the United States over the questions
and property hereinbefore named, and the
trust relating thereto, created by the afore-
named treaties shall cease and determine.
Sec. 7. That this act shall be in force from
and after its passage.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXX.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary of War to have a Monument
erected at Salisbury, North Carolina, to the
memory of the Soldiers who died in prison
and are there buried.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War is hereby authorized and directed to have
erected in the national cemetery at Salisbury,
North Carolina, a suitable granite monument
to the memory of the twelve thousand Union
soldiers who died in the prison-pen at that
place, and whose remains are buried in trenches
in that cemetery; and the sum of ten thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, is hereby appropriated for this purpose
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXI.—An Act to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to negotiate with
the chief's and head-men of the Crow Tribe
of Indians, for the surrender of their Reser-
vation or a part thereof in the Territory of
Montana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
