1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
to make a motion to substitute the paper I
offered and withdrew, in lieu of the whole of
the resolution of my friend from Maine. The
only essential difference between the two is
this : he provides for the ordinary recess, such
as we have been accustomed hitherto to have,
for time enough to go home and get our din-
ners, and come back in the evening and attend
to business. We have all found from exper-
ience that after the first hour or two of an
evening session, when we come back, there is
much less than a quorum here ; gentlemen
dislike to take the responsibility of dividing
the Senate and stopping business; and there-
fore we are forced by a kind of moral co-
ercion, or gracious coercion, or whatever you
may call it, to agree to things which ought
to be discussed and upon which there ought
to be a responsible division of the Senate.
Now, the plan which was suggested by the
Senator from Ohio to me this morning, and
which I heartily agree with, and which has
been stated so well by the Senator from Rhode
Island, is, to make it our business when we
come here to stay until we have finished all
the business we intend to do that day. The
city of Washington is large, and Senators live
in all parts of it, many of them a great way
off, and if we can only make up our minds to
forego the comforts of a home dinner, and take
a home breakfast and get our lunch for half
an hour, everybody will stay, and then we
shall go on and not lose any time other than
the half hour for mere rest and lunch; and then
in an hour or two afterward we shall have
done more business with all the Senators here
than we should do if we went home and came
back again with only half of them here. I
move the resolution that I offered as a substi-
tute for that of the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to amend the resolution
of the Senator from Maine so as to provide
that the recess shall be from half past five
o'clock to six o'clock, instead of from five to
seven o'clock.
Mr. WINDOM. The theory of the honor-
able Senator from Vermont is a very pleasant
one ; but my experience in this body and in
the other House has demonstrated to me that
it does not work well practically. Only yes-
terday I moved for a recess, and the very gen-
eral understanding, although there was no
agreement to that effect, was that we should
remain in session for the purpose of finishing
the Posl Office appropriation bill. At about
the usual hour for adjournment, Senators be-
came hungry, and we were left without a quo-
rum ; a Senator moved to adjourn, and an ad-
journment was had. That will follow every
day'until we find ourselves in such a press of
business that we shall be compelled to sit here
all night during the last three or four days and
nights of the session. 1 very much prefer
that we shall establish the rule at once to meet
at eleven o'clock and take a recess at half past
four o'clock, which will enable Senators to go
out and get the fresh air and come back re-
freshed and prepared for business and ready
to sit here until ten or eleven o'clock at night.
I think it will strike every person that it is a
far better mode of doing business, to remain
here until ten or eleven o'clock at night, hav-
ing taken regular refreshment and exercise in
the open air, than to remain here until five or
six o'clock for two or three nights to come
and then sit up all night for the rest of the
session. I hope therefore that the recess as
proposed by the Senator from Maine will be
taken.
Mr. STEWART. My experience satisfies
mo that the half hour recess is the best plan.
1 think the Senator from Ohio stated the case
exactly as it is, and I hope that the proposi-
tion will be adopted in that form. If we in-
tend to get through with the business of the
session we must do without a long recess dur-
ing the next week.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator from
Vermont that it would be better to take a re-
cess from five to six o'clock, leaving one hour
for getting dinner and for a little walk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Half an hour is time
enough.
Mr. COLE. Half an hour is not time
enough. There is no place within reach of
the Capitol where all could be accommodated
with dinner in half an hour.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a day of new
things, and I suppose we ought not to be
astonished at any resolution in regard to the
sessions of the Senate which is introduced
here. I ask to have read the substitute of the
Senator from Vermont, so that I may be quite
certain of my ground before I proceed to dis-
CUSS it
The'VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out all after the word "resolved" and
insert:
That after to-day, during the remainder of this
session, the Senate will, unless otherwise ordered,
meet at eleven o'clock a. m. and take a recess from
half past five to six o'clock p. m.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the same reso-
lution which was introduced first this morning
by the Senator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but is
offered now as a substitute for the resolution
of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the only practi-
cal and judicious suggestion that has been
made here was that made, I think, by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] that
we should have a continuous session, what-
ever the length of it is, without any recess
whatever. It is a great deal better that we
should sit here until seven o'clock, or half
past seven, getting our food as best we can, and
and when we adjourn let us adjourn for the day.
The experience of the Senate is uniform on the
subject of a recess. That experience is that
once the Senate separates the probabilities are
altogether against our getting back a quorum
to do business that evening. And what kind
of legislation do night sessions usually produce ?
Just such legislation as might be expected
from men worn out by the day, who, after
having eaten a hearty dinner are not quite so
well fitted for the business of legislation as
they were before that, and from a body of which
there is no responsible quorum present. We
know very well that the general experience of
a night session here is that Senators do not
dare to ask for a division, lest by the division
the want of a quorum should be disclosed. It
makes no sort of difference that you have a
short recess of only half an hour. The evil is
the same. Senators separate and they do not
coine back in sufficient numbers to form a
quorum.
Nobody is more heartily in favor of dispos-
ing of ail the necessary and legitimate busi-
ness of the session than I am. I am for it on
a great many grounds. One of them is that
I shrink from the idea of an extra session.
There are other grounds which I will not
trouble the Senate now by reciting.
I think I may say without much arrogance
that I have endeavored as a rule to be con-
stant in my attendance at night sessions. I
may also say, without intending to reflect upon
any person in connection with the present de-
bate, that some of those who are most strenu-
ous in enforcing attendance at night sessions
and in denying any but the very shortest re-
cess can hardly say as much for themselves as
I have just said for myself. In other words,
some of our friends, not all of them, who are
in favor of putting the Senate under whip and
spur as to its sessions, are precisely those who
absent themselves the most from those un-
usual sessions, and I wish some way could be
contrived for putting under bonds, either of
honor or of paper, those Senators to whom I
refer in the respect last mentioned.
Let us have one continuous session ; that
keeps the Senate together; it insures you a
quorum, and gives you the best opportunities
for wise and considerate legislation. Begin
your session at eleven in the morning, con-
tinue it until seven or half past seven in
the evening; that gives you eight hours and
a half of steady, faithful, continuous work.
That is the way to work, and that is the way
to work beneficially for the interest that I am
sure we all have at heart.
I am exceedingly opposed to the resolution
of the Senator from Vermont for half an hour's
recess, which accomplishes no good one way or
the other. It does not give to Senators time
to get their dinners. It does allow the Senate
to separate, and it does not bring them back
in any greater numbers or in any better condi-
tion for work than the usual recess of an hour
and a half or two hours.
I should like to inquire whether the substi-
tute which now stands before the Senate is an
original resolution in respect to amendment 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be amend-
ed. There can be an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood this was
offered as a substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, and
thsrefore it can be amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. Precisely as the original
resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, inasmuch
as so much of the present session has been
exhausted in the discussion of this question,
and so little time is remaining to us, I trust
we shall have the vote. [" Good."]
Mr. MACHEN. It is very natural, I sup-
pose, that a proposition of this kind should
be presented at this time. I do not suppose
it necessary to put Senators under bonds to
bring them here to do what they are already
under bond of honor to do. The human sys-
tem will bear a great deal, and I believe the
intellect to some extent, sympathizes with the
physical system. The method to be adopted
to accomplish the greatest amount of work is
the question here. I do not understand that
any person is willing to avoid the obliga-
tions of duty, but the point is to arrive at the
best means of accomplishing that duty.
The suggestion of the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Windom] met my views, that we
meet at eleven o'clock as proposed in this
resolution, and take a recess at four or four
and a half, or even extend the session to five,
and then take a little recreation for a couple
of hours so as to get fresh air. I do not
know but that fresh air once in awhile will
help us; let the body be reinvigorated, and
with the iuvigorated body let us come back
with a renewed determination to discharge our
duty and let the operations of an invigorated
mind be exhibited. If we sit here for the
consecutive time of eight or ten hours, I pre-
sume it will be with most of us as with myself,
that the body and the mind, which is not ex-
cessive at the best, will both be iu a very
effeminated condition.
If we come here at eleven o'clock in the
morning, to which I very readily assent, and
sit till four or five o'clock, we shall have spent
five or six hours, as it may turn out, in con-
secutive labor; it is intellectual labor;' at
least it ought to be intellectual labor, embody-
ing somewhat of the physical in it; and that
is long enough in my judgment for the accom-
plishment of good work. Let us then sep-
arate; we can get some fresh, invigorating
atmosphere around the city of Washington ;
and let us have the benefit of it. For what
purpose? Both for our own advantage and
for the good of the work which we have under
consideration. Let us come back here at seven
or seven and a half o'clock iu the evening,
strengthened for the work that lies before
us, and in my judgment we shall accomplish
it more efficiently and better for the interests
