1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
of the country than we shall if we undertake
by a consecutive session of eight or ten hours
to do the same thing. These are my views, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. The more I hear about this
question the more important it becomes in the
consideration of the Senate; and inasmuch as
it is a new one, one that has never been dis-
cussed here before, or more than once or twice
during any session in the last few years, there
being so great a disposition on the part of some
Senatois for the Senate to have an airing,
I am willing they should have it, as many as j
want it. I have enough of it as far as 1 am '
concerned, and I think this question ought to
be postponed to give it due consideration.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Vermont,.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 am in favor of the prop-
osition to meet earlier, thus extending our
session one hour before noon, and I am also
in favor of extending our sessions two and a
half hours beyond our usual period of adjourn-
ment. That will give us for legislative ses-
sions during the day eight and a half hours of
continuous session, and I am perfectly well sat-
isfied that there will be more attention to busi-
ness and more intelligent attention to business
by not coming back here after dining, (if
dining it can be called,) in the way suggested
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thubmax.] j
Every man who has been accustomed to intel- i
lectual labor—and all those whom I address j
have been so—well understands that his brain j
is clearer, his faculties in far better order j
before than after a hearty repast; and an op- .
portunity is afforded in a scanty way in this I
building for refreshments during the day. ^ I j
am pertectly clear that more useful labor will I
be accomplished by a continuous session from ;
eleven o'clock in the morning until half past j
seven at night than will be if you break the
session, allowing men to go to their homes
and return here with great discomfort, if they
return at all, and then drive the session on to j
an indefinite hour of the night. I am inclined j
to believe that the health ot men who attend ;
10 business in this Chamber will suffer very ;
materially by it. !
I submit, therefore, that it would be a proper ■
amendment to allow the session to be a con- .
tinuousoneunt.il half past seven o'clock in the ;
evening, and after that to allow the few hours j
which remain before midnight to be devoted
to other duties than the Senate Chamber will
permit to be executed, and to quiet, and rest,
and something like peace of mind and peace
of body ; that a man shall not be turned out
at half-past seven to come back to the Senate,
I refer, sir, to the experience of every mem-
ber of this body as to the kind of attendance
which we have here at night sessions. It is
within the experience of every Senator that
we are constantly requested not to ask for a
vote that would disclose the absence or
presence of a quorum. It is well understood
that in nineteen cases out of twenty no quorum
will be present and no legislative business
will be properly executed. It is only by dis-
simulation that bills are passed; they are
passed sub silentio; they are passed because
if a vote was demanded it would disclose that
there was no constitutional quorum here to
pass them. That may be business, but it is
not safe business for the country.^ And those
who urge evening sessions, so far as 1 have
observed, are not those who are most constant
in attendance upon them.
I trust, therefore, that we shall not be
brought back here after having gone to our
homes, most of which are in the upper and
most distaut portions of the city. I suppose
that remark applies to nine out of len men in
the Chamber.
As to the idea of having a faxed recess ot
half an hour, 1 must, with all uue respect,
consider it. impracticable; I will not say
absurd, for I have too much respect for the
gentlemen who urge it, but certainly it is a
very uncomfortable proposition, and I think
very impracticable. We had better have no
recess at all. It is not worth naming. The
Senate cannot adjourn in such a time as that
for any comfortable purpose. Everybody
knows that there is not accommodation in this
Capitol, or in the neighborhood of this Capitol,
for the luncheon of the Senate all at one time
within half an hour. It cannot be done. A
few may be accommodated ; the mass will not
be ; and therefore it is better, if it is in view
to adjourn for the purpose of refreshment,
that it should be done by Senators as their con-
venience and the opportunity allows, a few at
a time, leaving enough here to go on with the
business, the others who have left thepham-
ber being where they can be called in in case
of emergency.
This, I think, is the practical view of this
case. I hope, then, that while we ought to
commence at eleven o'clock in the morning,
we shall proceed until half past saven and
then have an end of it, because I think more
business will be accomplished in that way.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "five and a half
to six " and inserting " five to seven." I am
very unwilling to detain the Senate a moment;
but I want to say that, as I regard the public
business, we have now spent nearly all the
time of the session—but eight days are left
after to-day—and one half of the public busi-
ness remains undisposed of. There are five
large appropriation bills yet to be acted upon.
There are half a dozen questions of privilege.
We spent the fore part of the session in ad-
journments over Friday and Saturday, and
for three weeks during the holidays. But
eight days are left, and one half the public
business to do. I know that eight hours per
day will not complete the business of the Sen-
ate. and I believe that Senators will not re-
main in session over six hours a day without
a recess. Therefore, I hope that we may have
a recess, and be enable to work until ten or
eleven o'clock at night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " half past five to six,"
and inserting " five to seven and a half."
Mr THURMAN. Two hours and a half
recess is simply to destroy the value of the
whole thing. Let Senators go home, take a
recess for two hours and a half, and there will
be nobody here at night. The idea is that we
have but eight days left. W ell, then, let us
eat less and work more; and as Lent com-
mences next Wednesday, perhaps we shall be
spiritually as well as physically improved by
a little fasting.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yielding to that
ambition which is common to all men, I can-
not consent to allow a great question like this
to pass without associating my name with this
debate. [Laughter.] The little Alabama
claim business, and all that sort of thing, I do
not care to meddle with ; but when it comes
to a great question, whether I shall, by the
order of the Senate, lunch at four o'clock, or
at five o'clock, I want to be heard on that
question. [Laughter.] I have listened to
this debate until I have become perfectly satis-
fied that it is injurious and unhealthy to dine
at any particular hour. [Laughter.] Four
o'clock being suggested, half a dozen Senators
knock that out of consideration in two minutes.
Five o'clock stood no better chance. Six
was worse. Seven and a half was fatal to our
ever doing anything.
Mr. President, if it was not out of order
I would move that every Senator should be
ordered to takehia dinner before eleveno'clock
in the morning, and never leave the Senate
Chamber after. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the condition of the question. The Sena-
tor from Maine offered a resolution that the
Senate meet at eleven o'clock hereafter and
take a recess daily from five to seven o'clock
p. m. The Senator from Vermont moves to
strike that out and insert a substitute that the
Senate meet at eleven .o'clock and take a re-
cess from five and a half to six. The Senator
from Minnesota moves an-amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont
striking out " from five and a half to six " and
inserting "from five o'clock to seven and a half
o'clock and the first question is on that
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The first question, then,
is on substituting the resolution of the Senator
from Vermont for that of the Senator from
Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota to the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont is for a recess from-five
and a half to six o'clock. The Senator from
Minnesota moves to amend that amendment
by striking out that provision and inserting a
recess from five to seven o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand, then,
that the Senator from Maine has accepted th,e
resolution of the Senator from Vermont?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He has not.
His stands independently. The Senator from
Vermont moves to strike it out and insert a
substitute. The Senator from Minnesota
moves to amend the substitute. The morning
hour has expired, and the Post Office appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will fix
the hour of meeting before we go on with the
regular order.
Mr. COLE. If it can be done without fur-
ther debate I will consent, but not otherwise.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope it will be without
debate ; but let us fix it anyhow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Post Office appropriation bill
will be passed over informally, subject to a
demand for the regular order.
Mr. CASSERLY. If we cannot have a
continuous session from eleven until seven or
thereabouts, daily, which I think is the true
mode for dispatching the public business, I
greatly prefer the original motion of the Sen-
ator from Maine, to adjourn at five or even
five and a half and come back at seven. I
should be glad to vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota, but that. I am very
much impressed by the declarations of Sen-
ators all around me, that the public business
cannot be well disposed of if we adopt that
rule of taking two hours and a half for recess.
I repeat. I should prefer the suggestion of
the Senator from Rhode Island for a continu-
ous session of say eight hours, and then let
us go home for good. If we cannot have that,
then I prefer the original resolution of the
Senator from Maine, which I would be willing
to see modified so as to make the* recess an
hour and a half instead of two hours.
jj The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
H order when it is reached. It is not yet reached.
!j The first question is on the amendment of the
!j Senator from Minnesota to the amendment of
■ the Senator from Vermont, to strike out "from
half past five to six," and insert " from five
to seven and a half o'clock.''
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 25.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairvotes
in the negative; and the amendment to the
amendment is disagreed to. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to strike out the whole proposition
of the Senator from Maine and to insert a
! provision to meet at eleven o clock, with a
^ recess from half past five to six.
; Mr. ROBERTSON. Can that be amended
it it prevails?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It may then be
amended by adding to it; but if agreed to, it
certainly could not be amended. It c.m oe
amended now, however.
