644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
too that amid such scenes population con-
tinues sparse.
The real aim of the Territories is not con-
trol in the Senate of the United States, but
local self-government. Be they few or many,
where Americans gather in a separate organiza-
tion, let them have that. Subject to the
Constitution and the national courts, let them
choose their own rulers and make their own
laws. With only the restrictions which hu-
manity and civilization require, set them up
for themselves. Possibly candidates for the
United States Senate may be found in the
Territories. Except such, if they exist, all
that the people of the Territories seek is the
right to choose their own officials and the re-
peal of the power of review by Congress over
their territorial laws. Let the Committee on
the Territories take back this bill and cease to
crowd new inequalities on the great States.
Let them frame general prohibitions of polyg-
amy, and make the husband of plural wives
forever ineligible to any office. Upon that
basis, with wise restrictions against the cre-
ation of debts and of corporate franchises,
give the Territories local self-government and
they will be patient and content until popu-
lation and wealth render them peers of the
average States, full federal units in the grow-
ing Republic.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Kansas [Mr. Lowe] for twenty
minutes.
Mr. LOWE. Mr. Speaker, the report of the
Committee on the Territories, presented with
the bill for the admission of Colorado into the
Union as a State, embraces the leading facts
and reasons which led the committee to rec-
ommend the bill to the favorable action of the
House. The committee did not, however,
suppose that it would be received without
opposition nor that it would pass unchallenged.
Ihey were admonished by the action of the
House upon the apportionment bill of the last
session that this measure ,would encounter
opposition from some quarters. That oppo-
sition has found expression in the lucid and
forcible statement of the objections in the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Air. E. H. Roberts.]
The first and principal fact relied upon as a
reason against this bill is that Colorado does
not contain a population equal to the numbers
required by the present ratio of representation
for members of Congress. I shall not claim
that Colorado at this time has such population.
The ratio of representation is now one mem-
ber for about one hundred and thirty-six thou-
sand inhabitants, and I do not think Colorado
at present has that number. But with the
proposition that no State should be admitted
into the Union under any circumstances with a
less population than the present ratio of repre-
sentation I take issue. That doctrine has no
sanction in the fundamental law of the land.
The Constitution provides that >l new States
may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union," but no restriction is made in refer-
ence to the number of inhabitants in such
States or the proportion they should bear to
other States or districts. Had the framers of
the Constitution entertained the view that some
certain number of people was necessary to con-
stitute a State, we should have had some lim-
itation expressed in that instrument. From
the earliest days to the present time States
have been admitted with less population than
is now sought to be required. Of the original
thirteen States which achieved independence
and organized nationality three had a less pop-
ulation each than the numbers now proposed;
in 1790, near the time of the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, one, Rhode Island, hav-
inga population of 68,825; another, Delaware,
a population of 59,096, and the third, Georgia,
82,548. Since that time the number of the
States has been increased by twenty-four—
twenty-four additional stars placed in the na-
tional firmament; and of these, seventeen have
been admitted with a less population than one
hundred and thirty-six thousand.
The exact number of inhabitants at the time
of admission cannot be stated, because the
dates of admission were not often exactly
contemporaneous with the dates of the census ;
but a comparison of the dates of admission with
the census tables will show that seven States
only, namely, Maine, Texas, Iowa, Wisconsin,
Michigan, Minnesota, and West Virginia, had
the population now demanded, while Alabama,
Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, Vermont, In-
diana, Illinois, Mississippi, Louisiana, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, Florida, California, Oregon,
Kansas, Nevada, and Nebraska, seventeen in
number, were admitted with a less population
severally than the present ratio of representa-
tion, some of them with less than the ratio at
the time of their admission, and fourteen of
them with less than one hundred thousand
inhabitants, the present probable population
of Colorado. We have here, therefore, the
practice of the Government for over three
quarters of a century which gives no coun-
tenance to the doctrine that there cannot
properly be a State without one hundred and
thirty-six thousand^inhabitants.
The Government'itself organized with some
States of less population, every decade of its
history has witnessed the addition of States in
opposition to the rule now advanced. What is
there, sir, in the history of the Government
that demands any change in this policy ? What
inconveniences have arisen from it? What
evils have been developed by it ? Has it dis-
turbed the balance of our Federal relations?
Has it embarrassed the administration of <®ur
national interests and affairs? If Delaware
and Rhode Island and Georgia, as origiual
members of the Government, if Florida, Ohio,
and other States, could severally with half a
hundred thousand inhabitants be competent
and patriotic States associated in our com-
mon Republic with States which counted their
inhabitants by millions, who shall say that
new communities, equally well developed,
equally well organized, equally entitled to the
benefits of statehood, should not now be
equally endowed? The safest guidance of the
present is the experience of the past, and if |
the history of the past in this regard has brought
us no evils, if it has entailed no disasters, but
on the contrary has tended to build up,
strengthen, and advance the States and the
nation, then it may be assumed to be just and
prudent to follow in the same pathway here-
after.
A prime feature of the objection for want
of population is that it creates an inequality
of representation in Congress ; in this House,
because the member would have a smaller
constituency than other members; in the Sen-
ate, because the new State would be placed on
an equality with the large and populous States.
As to the inequalify of representation in
this House, the history of the country shows
that in almost all cases the inequality of rep-
resentation in respect to the younger States
is very shortly after their admission against
them, rather than in their favor. A new State
is admitted with a single member early in the
decade, population advances, emigration flows
in, constituents in old States and districts
become constituents in the new, and before
the period of a new apportionment arrives
the district that started in with inhabitants
many less than the current ratio is found
equal in population to three or four districts
whose population has but slowly advanced.
This is the history of several States.
If upon the introduction of Colorado as this
bill contemplates, there should be any inequal-
ity of representation at first, in the ordinary
course of events it would disappear in a
twelve month, and before the end of the
present decade she would by virtue of her
numbers, if they could be availed of, be enti-
tled to a duplication of her representation
upon this floor.
But, sir, so far as may be inferred from re-
cent elections there could not even at the
present time be any considerable disparity in
the case of Colorado. At her last election
held in September last in the midst of harvest,
without the excitement and interest of a pres-
idential contest calling out a full vote as in the
States, with the disadvantages of remote and
large precinctsincident to a new country, Colo-
rado polled 13,856 votes, and 1 am informed
that in addition to this between five and six
hundred votes were cast but uncounted, by
reason of some irregularity. This, sir, is a
larger vote than that cast at the elections for
members of Congress in each of twenty-
one districts represented by members on this
floor. By reference to authentic sources I
find that in elections for the present Congress
there were of districts in which a less vote
was cast in Massachusetts three, in Rhode
Island two, in Alabama one, in Kentucky five,
in Missouri one, in Tennessee five, in Ver-
mont two, in Virginia one, and in Nevada
one, making in all twenty-one ; so that from
the records as they exist, Colorado has to-day
a voting population equal to that of about
one eleventh of the several constituencies now
represented here.
In reference to the inequality of representa-
tion in the Senate by the admission of new States
to be placed upon an equal footing with the
more populous States, it is an objection which,
if urged at all, is an objection not simply
against the erection of Colorado into a State,
but it is an objection against the theory of the
Government itself. It is an objection to the
Constitution under which we live, and an
argument against the logic and the facts of
history. I tray be pardoned for not attempt-
ing to repeat at large at this late day the
arguments which were familiar to a former
generation, and which have passed into history,
precedent and law in favor of those features
of our Government which, while they consti-
tute an indivisible nationality, yet recognize
an equality and individuality of the States.
It is well known that this was one of the most
embarrassing subjects in the framing of the
Constitution, and the plan adopted was the
result of conciliation and compromise. What-
ever difficulties were at any time apprehended,
the results of the experience of eighty years
have shown to be unfounded, and the large
and small States have cooperated harmoni-
ously and patriotically around the same coun-
cil board of a common country.
No one proposes any change of the existing
status, and the addition of another unit to the
existing numbers cannot introduce any new
element of disturbance or of antagonism.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment the facts as
they exist show that Colorado has the requi-
site elements and capabilities in population,
organization, material resources, and intellect-
ual and industrial developement to take its
destined position now as a State of the Union.
Territorially it lies in the latitude of southern
Indiana and Illinois, Missouri and Kansas.
It embraces an area about twice the size of
the State of New York. From the report of
the land office department of 1869, and from
other sources it appears that one half of
the Territory, or about thirty million acres
are adapted to agricultural occupation either
as arable or grazing lands. Of this portion
the soil is mostly fertile, producing the ordin-
ary cereals and vegetables in more than aver-
age quantities. For the last three years the
average production of wheat has been a mil-
lion bushels per annum. The mountain por-
tions of the Territory are rich in mines of
gold, silver, iron, and coal, which are practi-
cally inexhaustible, and furnish a theater for
industrial occupation and development of
wealth which will continue and increase for
generations.
In regard to the numbers of the inhabitants,
the existence of facts which cannot success-
fully be gaiugaid or controverted lead to the
