1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
conclusion that there is an actual resident
population tailing not much if at all below
one hundred thousand. A registry law of the
Territory requires a registration of voters, and
bv the registration for the election held in
September last over eighteen thousand voters
were enrolled. None could register but those
who had been residents for six months. The
registration wa&doubtless incomplete, forthere
was there no special emergency iu the election.
1 lie average ratio of voters to the population is
in the w hole country about one in six. Allow-
ing something tor the preponderance of male
inhabitants, and reckoning the voters there as
one tilth instead of one sixth of the popula-
tion. would give a population of ninety thou-
sand in August last. I know the census may
be quoted as showing a population of 39,864
in June. lt>70, but he who supposes he can
learn from the census of 1870 the numbers of
inhabitants in the growing States and Terri-
tories of the West as they exist in 1873 has
given little attention to the tide of emigration.
In the State which I represent it is a well-
known fact that population has increased over
titiv thousand a year since the last census,
and that while by the census Kansas had three
hundred and sixty-four thousand inhabitants,
at the present time she has over half a mil-
lion, which is evidenced, among other things,
bv the tact that at the last election she cast
over one hundred and one thousand votes.
Colorada lies immediately contiguous to Kan-
sas. with similar natural advantages, and has
partakeu of the same growth, though possibly
not iu the same degree.
The influx of population to Colorado has
been greatly accelerated in the last two years
by the facilities afforded by the opening of two
railroad lines into the Territory. Prior to
August, 1870, she had no railroad communi-
cations, but at that time the Kansas Pacific
and Union Pacific were opened into the Terri-
tory, and from that time onward there has been
a continuous and rapid inflow of population.
In addition to the general distribution of new
settlers over the Territory, several large and
prosperous colonies have been established.
The Greeley colony, commenced in 1870, and
which, if it appears at all in the census, was
only in its first beginnings, now numbers, upon
credible information, twenty-five hundred per-
sons. The colonies at Colorado Springs,
Lougmont, Evans, Green City, and Fort Col-
lins exhibit similar instances of large com-
munities established and built up since the date
of the census. By a census taken under muni-
cipal authority in the fall of 1870 the popu-
lation of Denver City alone was found to
exceed ten thousand, while other towns, Cen-
tral City, Puablo, Colorado City, Georgetown,
Bowlder City, Golden City, and other places
are known there as matter of common inform-
ation to have from one to five thousand in-
habitants each.
From these and similar facts a fair and
candid judgment must be led to the conclusion
that Colorado has now fully one hundred
thousand inhabitants, and that the emigration
of another season will increase the number to
the full requisite of congressional represent-
ation according to the existing ratio.
The property and wealth of the Territory
bhow an advanced and prosperous condition !
of society. The assessed valuation of prop-
erty for taxation was, in 1869, $13,147,114; j
in 1871, $24,112,078, and in 1872 it was '
$31,337,211, thus showing not only a large
and satisfactory aggregate but a steady and
healthy annual increase. As property is noto-
riously taxed but about two thirds its value,
if the difference be added it would make
the value of the property of the Territory
$45,000,000. But in this statement it must be
remembered that the mines of the Territory
are not taxed, and do not appear upon the
assessment roll. Intelligent and well informed
judges of tbis subject estimate these values
su $2-3,000,000 more, which would give the i
actual value of the private property of the
Territory $70,000,000. From the reports of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue it appears
that Colorado has paid of internal revenue taxes
$884,327, and is paying a current amount of
over sixty thousand dollars per annum.
In railroads, those great heralds of progress
and indices of civilization and material and
commercial growth, Colorado is exhibiting
great activity and great success. In addition
to the two Pacific roads entering the Territory,
she has in operation several internal local
roads ramifying the different sections of the
Territory—one from Denver to Powder City,
forty miles ; one from Denver to Blackhawk,
forty miles; one from Denver to Puablo,
one hundred and twenty miles ; one from Pua-
blo to Cannon City, thirty miles; and one
from Julesburg to Denver City, two hundred
miles now graded and partly ironed ; also one
from Kit Carson to Fort Lyon. Her railroad
system is being rapidly developed, and with
five hundred miles at present in operation aud
two hundred more in a condition to be early
completed, she possesses the facilities of trans-
fer and communication which are unequaled
by very many of the older States.
In those departments of public economy
which relate to the intelligence and the culture
of a people Colorado exhibits liberal attain-
ments and advanced conditions. She has a
well ordered and prosperous system of com-
mon schools. She has one hundred and fifty-
seven post offices, and publishes twenty-seven
newspapers, of which nine are daily issues.
Such is a brief and necessarily incomplete
statement of Colorado as it is. She is no
myth of the mountains or mirage of the desert.
But she embraces a vast community, with all
the varied industries, instrumentalities and
appointments of civilized aud enlightened
society. Something more than numbers of
people enter into the idea of a State. It com-
prehends society, organization, industries, in-
telligence, ability cf self-support, protection,
and growth ; capacity to exercise judiciously
the functions of government. All this you
have, with numbers sufficient to constitute a
State within the theories and practice of the
Government for nearly a century.
Nor need the apprehension be anywhere
entertained that the present status of Colorado
is the result of fictitious growth, or that it is
liable to relapse into primeval wilderness.
With twelve years of constant and solid growth,
with a million acres of soil in actual cultiva-
tion, with mineral resources of perpetual
capacity, with growing and permanently ad-
vancing cities and towns, with a capacity to
support a population as large as Ohio or Illi-
nois, and as easily, with railways tying it to
all the other portions of the country, with a
hundred thousand people permanently attached
to .its soil, its industries, and its destinies, it
must be a wild conjecture and a morbid imag-
ination that would apprehend even as a remote
contingency that all this might vanish away
and the country relapse to a waste.
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment Colorado is
fit to be a State, and so believing, I hope the
bill will pass.
Mr. CHAFFEE. How much of the hour is
remaining?
The SPEAKER. Fifteen minutes.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potter] for fifteen
minutes.
Mr. POTTER addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. CHAFFEE. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Hereford.]
Mr. HEREFORD. As one of the mem-
bers of the Committee on the Territories I de-
sire in a very lew words to enter my protest
against the passage of thi  bill. In section
five, of chapter eleven of the laws of the last
session of this Congress we have the following
provision :
"That no State shall be hereafter admitted into
the Union without having the necessary population
to entitle it to at least one Representative according
to tlie ratio of representation fixed by this act."
According to that the ratio would be one
member to one hundred and thirty six thou-
sand of population. According to the last
census the population of Colorado was only
thirty-nine thousand eight hundred and sixty-
four, not one third of the population required
by the law of the United States as it stands
upon our statute-books to-day.
I ask then what is the reason why this Ter-
ritory should now be organized into a State,
and have two Senators at the other end of this
building and one Representative here? The
reason urged is that it is increasing rapidly in
population, and that very soon it will have a
population approximating to the ratio fixed by
the law as it now stands. But according to
the census of 1860 this same Territory had
then a population of thirty-four thousand two
hundred and seventy-seven; so that in ten
years it has only increased in population some
seven thousand; and if it increases in the same
ratio for the next ten years, it will still have
less than one third of the population required
by the present law.
The same reason that is urged for the admis-
sion of this Territory as a State also applies
with equal force to the Territory of Utah, and
with nearly equal force to the Territory of
Washington. The Territory of New Mexico
has a population of over ninety thousand. It
would apply, therefore, with nearly double
force to the last named Territory. If, then,
the reasons which are urged in this case for
the admission of Colorado are to be held
, valid, they would certainly be valid with refer-
ence to the Territory I have last named. For
these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of
standing by the law as we find it on our statute-
j books to-day, and I am opposed to the passage
; of this bill and the admission of Colorado as
a State.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, obtained the
floor, and yielded fifteen minutes to Mr. Sar-
gent.
Mr. SARGENT. When this bill was re-
ported from the Committee on the Territories
the gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hooper] pro
posed an amendment by which the Territory
of Utah was to be admitted without condi-
tions into the Union, and at that time I offered
an amendment to which I wish now to address
myself.
I do not intend to discuss the general ques-
tion of the policy of the admission of either
: of these Territories as States at the present
time. I realize that there is a difference, how-
ever, between the condition of Territories thus
situated and the counties referred to by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. E. H. Rob-
erts] who first spoke to-day upon this ques-
tion. In the latter case there is local govern-
ment. There is the power of selection of
officers. There is the control over many ques-
tions which, under our policy toward the Ter-
ritories, is exercised by Congress and by the
Executive, and exercised sometimes to the
extreme dissatisfaction of the Territory, by
sending officers thousands of miles to rule over
them and control their domestic and political
affairs who otherwise would never have seen
the Territory, and would never be chosen as
officers by the people themselves. Iu one
ease there is self-government in the fullest
extent. In the other, many of the elements
of self-government are denied. And it is for
that reason Congress should look with more
favor upon the application of a Territory to be
admitted as a State, aud should perhaps pur-
sue the policy which heretofore has been pur-
sued of admitting States which had not a suffi-
cient number of population to be entitled by
enumeration to a Representative in Congress.
Now, if the Territory of Colorado should
be admitted as a State, then I insist, so far as
population and resources and industry and
prosperity are concerned, so far as these ele
