646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
raents merely are to be considered, that Utah
also should be admitted. The population of
Colorado probably is sixty thousand persons.
That is more than is returned by the census.
But the difficulty of taking the census in those
remote regions I know is such that it is reason-
able to allow a population twenty or thirty per
cent, over what is returned by the census.
But the population of Utah is by the census
itself, in round numbers, eighty-seven thou-
sand, while its voting population is twenty-
three thousand.
Now, with a ratio of five to each voter, we
should have a total population of one hundred
and fifteen thousand ; but unquestionably the
ratio there is larger on account of their pecu-
liar institutions than elsewhere. Placing the
ratio at six to each voter we have a total pop-
ulation of one hundred and thirty-eight thou-
sand, and I believe that estimate would not
be ten thousand out of the way.
Now let me refer to another thing. Utah is
peculiarly prosperous. The Mormons have
gone out into the wilderness and have made it
blossom like a garden. There is no doubt
that as far as agricultural pursuits are con-
cerned they are far ahead of any other Terri-
tory. Their mining industry is extensive and
stable, and a large population is being drawn
there by their mining industries, which are
continually being opened up, and which are so
prosperous, and are increasing year by year.
Another thing. There is entire freedom of
speech and the press in Utah, which I have
found reason in my own mind to approve,
considering the fact that their peculiar form
of church government might be supposed to
be antagonistic to it. If any Territory should
be admitted as a State on the ground of pop-
ulation, business, prosperity, or growth, then
I submit that Utah should be admitted, were it
not that there is an institution there which is
abhorrent to this House, the country, the
moral sense of the civilized world.
Now, sir, if that institution did not exist in
Utah, if some revelation from Heaven, false
or real, could come to the high priest who
governs the religious sentiment of that Terri-
tory, sweeping it away, and with it necessarily
certain prejudices and practices that have
grown up around it, there could not be a single
objection raised to the admission of Utah as a
State upon any other ground. But can polyg-
amy be rooted by any law which we can pass
in advance of its admission as a State? I
believe it can be; that is, I believe that force
will do it. I do not think that one hundred
and thirty-eight thousand people can maintain
themselves against the forty million people
of the United States. I believe that a war of
extermination would solve the problem of
polygamy in Utah ; but at the same time, with
all my soul, I deprecate a war of extermina-
tion against these people. What would be the
very first effect of such a war? Of course the
Mormons would resist us, and hence would
come the extermination. If any gentleman
doubts it let him read the lessons of history,
and the greater the fanaticism, the greater the
error, the stronger will be the resistance to
efforts to put it down.
I say of course the Mormons would resist,
and the very first movement of their resist-
ance would be to strike at the great line of
communication across the continent which we
have laid down at so great a cost. The effect
of such a war would be to destroy the indus-
tries of the Territory, and Utah would return
to the wilderness it was before the Mormons
settled it. True, a mining population would
go there, passing over its blatkened fields in j
search of the gold and silver which have been
demonstrated to rib its hills, and which would
reward theirenterprise; but we should present
to the civilized world the spectacle of anni-
hilating a people who, aside from their practice
in one regard, are entitled to the commenda-
tion of the people of the United States, enti-
tled to it for their thrift, for their energy, for
their industry, and for having achieved results
in a barren region which must command our
commendation and admiration. We should
check all those growing industries by the course
which is proposed and cause the depopula-
tion of that Territory. The result would be,
although not upon as great a scale, of the same
nature as that which followed the expulsion
of the Moors from Spain. The Government
of that country, from religious intolerance,
sent away the men who had been its artisans,
the men who had tilled its soil, leaving only
an effete class there, without the power to
maintain the former great prosperity of that
nation. The theater would not be as large,
but the result, according to its extent, would
be the same thing; and I say that it would be
a blot upon the record of the American Con
gress to enact a scene like that in this wilder-
ness which these people have redeemed.
Now, sir, what is the alternative? I admit
that the present condition of things in Utah is
unsatisfactory. I say, however, that year by
year this problem is solving itself. The influx
of Gentile population is somewhere aboutseven
thousand annually, if I am correct in my esti-
mates ; I know that it is fixed by some higher
than that. Polygamy has nt>t the hold upon
the people of Utah that it has had heretofore.
There is not one in ten of the Mormons of
Utah, according to my information, who are
now polygamists in practice, and plural mar-
riages are now very rare.
The railroads have let in another population
in Utah, and they have carried outside ideas
to control and modify in a striking degree the
sentiments and practices that existed in Utah
before that population had access to that Ter-
ritory. Mormonism is now like a great ice-
berg in mid-ocean, that has been split off from
its arctic mountain home, and, floating down
into warmer seas, is dissolving upon all sides. It
is not the terrible problem that it was six years
ago ; it is not so formidable as it was two years
ago. Public opinion there is very much modified
The one fact that there is freedom of speech
and of the press in Utah to an almost unlimited
extent, that the right is-given to any divine of
any denomination whatever to stand up in their
Tabernacle and preach against polygamy if
he see fit, and that the privilege has been exer-
cised over and over again, shows that they are
accessible to influences of that kind. It may
show that they are so firm in their belief that
they fear not to be shaken by any arguments.
But at any rate it gives an opportunity for dis-
cussion, for conviction, and for the overthrow
of their system by moral suasion.
Now, sir, I say that so far as I am con-
cerned, and I believe I speak the opinion of
the American people, I am opposed to polyg-
amy and its continuance. I believe it is in
the process of ultimate extinction. But if
Utah is admitted as a State without condi-
tions, and allowed to be controlled absolutely
by those who now control the population and
the church of that Territory, I think the ex-
tinction of polygamy would be very far post-
poned. If Utah is to be admitted into the
Union as a State I would have fundamental
conditions prescribed, like those prescribed
on the reconstruction of the southern States.
We then made fundamental conditions that
slavery should cease in those States, and that
no law should be passed reenacting slavery ;
also with reference to common-school educa-
tion, and other provisions of that character.
I would put into the body of the bill admit-
ting Utah at this or at any subsequent session
provisions similar to those I have drawn, to
the effect that the act should not become oper-
ative except upon the fundamental condition
that no law should ever be enacted by the
Legislature of that State legalizing or author-
izing bigamy, polygamy, or plural marriage.
I Would hold the power in the hands of the
American Congress to take back the charter
of the State, as we reserved the power in Con-
gress when reconstructing the southern States,
when we proposed by our legislation to hold
such control over the question of slavery that
we could see that our edict was carried out
and that slavery was abolished in practice as
well as in theory. But I would go beyond
that in the way of fundamental conditions. I
would prescribe that every officer taking office,
every person offering to vote, and every per-
son for whom votes shall be cast, for ten years
after the admission of the State, should take
an oath that he has not contracted or com-
menced to enter upon relations of bigamy,
polygamy, or plural marriage, and that he
would not thereafter contract or commence
to enter upon such relations under penalty of
perjury. By that means we will at any rate
have ten years of unchecked opportunity for
public opinion to act upon polygamy.
It may be that it would not come in upon
conditions so onerous as these. It may be
that the Mormons would not be willing to relin-
quish political power. Very well, then, let
them stay out until by new revelation or by
process of public opinion Utah shall have
changed its ideas and practices upon these
matters to such an extent that we can admit
it as one of the States of the Union without
this blot upon it
[Here the hammer fell.]
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to make
a suggestion. I would now move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the diplomatic
appropriation bill, but there are but fifteen
minutes remaining before the special order,
the Oklahoma bill, will come up in the House.
I think that thirty minutes, or at the very out-
side forty-five minutes, would enable the gen-
tleman who has charge of the diplomatic ap-
propriation bill to finish it. I ask that the
House consent to continue in Committee of
the Whole till twenty-five minutes after two
o'clock. I think by that time we shall be able
to complete the diplomatic bill so that it may
be sent to the Senate.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. As I under-
stand, the gentlemen who desire to discuss the
Oklahoma bill are willing to consent that it
shall go over till fifteen minutes after two
o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, we will
take that. I tkink we may be able to get
through with the bill by that time.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to make
a suggestion in regard to the business of the
Committee for the District of Columbia. I
understand that the Committee of Claims
would like to occupy to-morrow, which is the
regular day for District business. We have
no objection to occupying Friday of next week,
for which I believe there is no special assign-
ment.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the Committee for the District of Columbia
will be allowed Friday of next week, instead
of to-morrow, to present their reports.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
all general debate in Committee of the Whole
on the diplomatic appropriation bill be limited
to one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the diplomatic appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Niblack in the
chair,) and proceeded to consider the bill (H.
R. No. 3258) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic service of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SWANN. I will state for the inform-
ation of the House that this bill shows a
decrease on the appropriations of last year to
