310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
three commissioners, who shall proceed to
make an examination of the country in that
locality and report their views in regard to
where the northern line of this reservation
should b.e located; they shall also make an
appraisement of all improvements of white
persons north of said southern boundary of
the reservation, as established by this section
of this act, within the limits proposed by them
for a reservation, and of all Indians south of
said line, and report the same to the Secretary
of the Interior, who shall cause the same to
be paid to such settlers or Indians out of the
money hereinbefore reserved for such pur-
pose.
Sec. 3. That immediately after the passage
of this act the President shall cause to be with-
drawn from sale or entry under the homestead
and preemption laws all the land lying north
of the southern boundary of the reservation,
as herein defined, and bounded north by the
Bel river and the north fork of said river,
east by the middle fork, and west by Bel
river; and the report of said commission fix-
ing the north boundary of said reservation
shall have been approved ; and all settlers
now residing upon the tract herein described
lying north of the south boundary of said
reservation shall be required to remove there-
from as soon as they shall be paid for or ten-
dered the amount of the appraised value of
their improvements.
Sku. 4. That there shall hereafter be appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury of the
United States not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of five thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, for the purpose
of defraying the expenses of the commission
provided for in this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXXIV.—-An Act to quiet the Title
to'the Lands of the Settlers on Lands claimed
by the West Wisconsin Railway Company.
Whereas, by the neglect of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to have the
lands withdrawn from market embraced in the
grant of lands from the town of Pomah to the
city of Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin, as
soon as the West Wisconsin Railway Company
(to which company the said grant belongs) had
finally located its road and filed the map of
such location, a large amount of lands — about
twenty thousand acres — were taken up under
the homestead laws and otherwise entered:
Therefore,
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That provided said West
Wisconsin Railway Company shall waive and
release all claims to any lands taken up under
the homestead laws or otherwise entered after
the final location of their road, as aforesaid, it
shall be lawful for said company to make up
any such deficiency in their grant, not however
to exceed twenty thousand acres, from the
vacant odd-numbered sections from the south-
eastern pact or portion of the indemnity limits
of the former grant for the branch roads from
the said city of Hudson to Lake Superior.
Approved, March 3, 1873. #
RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—A Resolution extending the Time for
the Presentation and Selection of Models
of a Colossal Statue of the late Admiral Far-
ragur.
Resolved by the Senate arid House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the pre-
sentation of models for a colossal statue of the
late Admiral Farragut and the time for the
selection therefrom by the Committees on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate
and House of Representatives be extended
thirty days beyond the time now fixed by the
joint resolution of April sixteen, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two.
Approved, December 24, 1872.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution tendering the Thanks
of Congress to Captain David Ritchie, com-
manding the Revenue Steamer Moccasin,
and the Officers and Men under his com-
mand.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the thanks of Con-
gress are due, and are hereby tendered, to
Captain David Ritchie, commanding the rev-
enue steamer Moccasin, and to the officers
and men under his command, for their heroic
and humane action in saving the lives of forty-
two human beings, and rescuing seventeen
dead bodies from the wreck of the steamer
Metis, on the waters of Long Island sound,
on the morning of the thirty-first of August,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
No. 3.—Joint Resolution to enable the People
of the United States to participate in the
advantages of the International Exposition
to be held at Vienna in eighteen hundred
and seventy-three.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in order to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the international exhibi-
tion of the products of agriculture, manufac-
tures, and the fine arts, to be held at Vienna
in the year eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, there be, and hereby is, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of two hundred
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the purpose herein specified,
which sum shall be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of State : Provided, That
the President be authorized to appoint a num-
ber of practical artisans not exceeding eight,
and of scientific men not exceeding seven, who
shall attend said exhibition and report their
doings and observations to him, and whose
actual and reasonable expenses, not to exceed
one thousand dollars each, shall be paid from
such fund; and that the President be further
authorized to appoint a number of honorary
commissioners, not to exceed one hundred,
who shall receive no pay for their expenses
or otherwise: And provided further, That no
person so appointed shall be interested,
directly or indirectly, in any article exhibited
for competition : And provided, That not more
than fifty thousand dollars shall be expended
for salaries and expenses of all persons re-
ceiving appointments to places authorized in
this resolution, and not more than five thou-
sand dollars shall be paid for salary and
expenses to any one person.
Sec. 2. That the Governers of the several
States be, and they are hereby, requested to
invite the patriotic people of their respective
States to assist in the proper representation
of the handiwork of our artisans, and the pro-
lific sources of material wealth with which our
land is blessed; and to take such further
measures as may be necessary to diffuse a
knowledge of the proposed exhibition, and to
secure to their respective States the advantages
which it promises.
Sec. 3. That it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of State to transmit to Congress a de-
tailed statement of the expenditures ■which
may have been incurred under the provisions
of this resolution. • ■ 1 ■
Approved, February 14, 1873.
No. 4.—Joint Resolution granting Medals to
Captain Jared S. Crandall, and others.
Resolved by the Senate awl House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Anierica in
Congress asseriibled, That the President of the
United States is hereby authorized and re-
quested to cause to be made and presented.to
each of the following persons, such suitable
and appropriate medals as in his judgment
shall express the high estimation in which
Congress hold the respective merits and ser-
vices of Captain Jared S. Crandall, Albert
Crandall, Daniel F. Larkin, Frank Larkin,
Byron Green, John D. Harvey, Courtland
Gavitt, Eugene Nash, Edwin Nash, and Wil-
liam Nash, of the town of Westerly, State of
Rhode Island, who so gallantly volunteered to
man the life-boat and a fishing-boat, and saved
the lives of thirty-two persons from the wreck
of the steamer Metis, on the waters of Long
Island sound, on the thirty-first day of August,
one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution tendering the Con-
gratulations of the American People to the
People of Spain.
Resolved by the Senate andHotise of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in the name and
behalf of the American people, the congratula-
tions of Congress are hereby tendered to the
people of Spain upon their recent efforts to
consolidate the principles of universal liberty
in a republican form of government.
That the President of the United States be,
and hereby is, requested to transmit this -reso-
lution to the American minister at Madrid,
with instructions to present it to the Spanish
Government.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
No. 6.—A Resolution authorizing the Presi-
dent to invite the International Statistical
Congress to hold its next session in the
United States.
Whereas the Governments of Belgium, Aus-
tria, France, Great Britain, Prussia, Italy,
Holland and Russia have heretofore extended
invitations to the international statistical con-
gress to hold sessions of the said congress at
their respective capitals, and eight different
sessions of the said congress have been held
in accordance with said official invitations to
the great advancement of the science of■ na-
tional and international statistics in its various
departments, and to the uniformity of coin-
age, weights, and measures, and commercial
regulations and statistical publications between
the different nations ; and whereas the United
States of America are favorable to all meas-
ures for promoting the advancement of statis-
tical science, and to all efforts for the social
advancement and friendly intercourse of the
people of all countries ; and whereas, also, the
President of the United States, in his recent
annual message to Congress, has submitted to
this Congress the consideration of the pro-
priety of extending an invitation to the inter-
national statistical congress to hold its next
(ninth) meeting in the United States; There-
fore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized and requested to
tender to the organization commission of the
