1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
ator does not have. It is not, as it has been
before, that we could go on publishing the
debates under the old contract; but after the
4th of March there is not only no law for
publishing the debates, but there is a positive
prohibition against their being published, and
unless we make some provision before the
4th of March the publication of the debates
will cease, and we shall be in that condition
of darkness which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] so vividly portrayed yester-
day. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to my good
friend from Rhode Island that a country
which has survived such a civil war as we
have had will probably survive an omission to
publish the Globe for a few months.
Mr. ANTHONY. The first is a fact
Eroven ; the second is an experiment yet to
e made. [Laughter.]
steamboat bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to postpone this ap-
propriation bill and take up the report of the
conference committee on the steamboat bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
state 01 louisiana.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire, with the
permission of the Senator from California, to
give notice that on Tuesday next, or immedi-
ately after the conclusion of the Caldwell case,
so called, I shall move the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the bill reported by
the Committee on Privileges and Elections
directing a new election in the State of Louis-
iana, and I want briefly to say to the Senate
that the report of the committee and the
views of the dissenting members and the
testimony have been laid upon the desks of
all the Senators, and further that it appears
to the committee that the questions involved
are so important, and the consequences which
may result would be so disastrous if Congress
should take no action in the matter, that we
feel called upon and compelled to request the
Senate at that time to proceed to its considera-
tion and adhere to the consideration of it
until a final conclusion be reached.
pension laws.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 2312) to
revise, consolidate, and amend the laws relat-
ing to pensions, asked for a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Jesse H. Moore of
Illinois, Mr. Erasmus D. Peck of Ohio, and
Mr. Mahlon D. MastsoN of Indiana, man-
agers at the same on its part.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments to that bill, and that a com-
mittee of conference on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senatorfrom
Indiana will let that go over until to-morrow,
in order that the House proceedings and ours
may be printed, as they were on the Indian
appropriation bill, so that we can all see
exactly what the points ot difference are.
Mr. PRATT. The Senate does not sit to-
morrow. m ...
Mr. EDMUNDS. "To-morrow' is not
Sunday, which is not a day m law, but _ to-
morrow" is Monday. Iam glad that my friend
knows there is a Sunday, however. It there
is no objeclion, I should like to have an order
entered that the bill be printed with the Senate
amendments and the House proceedings, as
they were on the Indian appropriation bill, so
that every Senator can see exactly what the
points in dispute are.
Mr. PRATT. I will say to my friend from
Vermont that I have the bill here with the Sen-
ate amendments, and he can see the whole
thing at a glance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not ask that I may
see them ; I ask that every Senator may see
them, in order that we may understand pre-
cisely the points of difference between the two
Houses, and then I have no doubt we shall
follow my honorable friend from Indiana. I
ask to have the order to print made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) If there be no ob-
jection, that order will be entered.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3498) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1874, the question being on
Mr. Sherman's motion to strike out lines
ninety-nine to one hundred and sixty-four of
the first section, relating to increased compen-
sation for postal car service.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since this matter was
under discussion yesterday evening I have
examined some official documents and have
consulted with the Postmaster General. I
expressed my opinion last night that the opera-
tion of this bill would increase the expenses
of the postal service on the railroads from one
million to a million and a half dollars. I
was not far off. The statement furnished by
the Postmaster General, which I suppose is
accurate—I have not examined it critically,
but I have no doubt he has ample means of
information, and is much more accurate than
I could be on a superficial examination—shows
that the House bill increases the postal service
for railroads $722,100. The Senate amend-
ment still further increases the amount by the
provision on lines one hundred and forty-one
to one hundred and forty-seven; so that the
aggregate amount of increase will probably be
somewhere about $800,000. But on another
point I confess I have some doubt.
I have also been furnished with the debate
in the House of Representatives upon this
same proposition ; and if the statements there
made from the gentleman having charge of
this subject are true, it would appear that it is
necessary to legislate in some way, because at
the last session of Congress a discretionary
power was given to the Postmaster General to
increase the pay for postal service on railroads
about three and a half million dollars; in
other words, he was authorized by a law of
the last session to increase the allowance to
railroads fifty per cent.; and as the amount
now paid to them is over six million dollars a
year, he would bo authorized uuder the law of
the last session to increase the postal expenses
over three million dollars per annum. I am
somewhat surprised that such a provision could
have gotten into the postal law, because such
a discretionary power as that is substantially
a violation of all law on the subject of the
limitation of the rate paid to railroad com-
panies. As this pioposition repeals that sec-
tion, and fixes a rule by which the Postmaster
General may be guided, although it will in-
crease the expense of the Government $800,000
a year to be paid to the railroad companies,
I am not sure but that it is better than the ex-
isting law, which would authorize or perhaps
compel the Postmaster General at his dis-
cretion to increase the cost by not exceeding
$3,000,000 per annum. So far as 1 am con-
cerned, therefore, after _ an examination of
these documents, I am willing to withdraw my
amendment^ if that is the pleasure of the
Senate, unless some other Senator desires a
vote upon it.
At the same time, I wish whiie I am up to
state that the Post Office service is gradually
but largely increasing^ in expense. The appro-
priations contained in this bill, aside from
this increase of railroad transportation, show
an increase of the expenses of the service ot
$3,130,662 for this year over the appropria-
tions of last year. The items contained m
this bill show an addition to the postal appro-
priations, aside from subsidies to steamships,
and aside from this increase to railroad com-
panies, of $3,130,662. For these figures I am
indebted to my friend from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Spragtje,] who has examined the subject care-
fully. They show an increase of the expenses
of the Department of eleven and thirty one
hundredths per cent. Whether this is rendered
necessary by the increased expenses of our
service and its great extension, is a matter
which I am utterly unfit to decide upon,
because I have not examined the question
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator knows of
course that much of the increased cost of
transportation is owing to the wonderful in-
crease in railroads the past year, greater than
any previous year, and upon all those roads
mails are placed at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am aware that since
1868 the amount paid to railroad companies
has increased from $4,177,126 to $6,502,771;
and by this bill we shall still further increase
the amount paid to railroad companies not less
than $800,000 a year over and above the
amount paid last year. Still, as I am not
prepared to contest these items, having no
information of a character that would justify it,
I feel disposed-rather to withdraw my amend-
ment in order to secure the repeal of the law
I referred to, being section two hundred and
sixty-six of the postal code of last year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as withdrawn.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to coriect the
statement made by the Senator from Ohio in
one particular. He tells us that the increase,
according to the schedule furnished by the
Postmaster General, for railroad service will
be about $722,000; but I call attention to the
fact that that $722,000 increase is not only for
the postal service now existing, but for sixteen
new routes which are not yet supplied but
which are estimated for in this simply because
it is thought they maybe needed before another
appropriation is made. Probably not more
than $500,000 will be necessary for this addi-
tional postal car service during the year for
which these appropriations are made. That is
all I wish to say.
Mr. COLE. The remarks of the Senator
from Ohio render it necessary that I should
say that the obnoxious provision in the postal
code to which he refers will be abolished by
the passage of this bill; by the clause in the
latter part of the amendment that was em-
bodied in his motion to strike out, which
deprives the Postmaster General of the dis-
cretion to add the three millions and upward
of which he spoke to the cost of the railroad
service, by adding fifty per cent, to the pres-
ent allowance.
I have but one further remark to make,
and that is that the increase of railroad ser-
vice in the carriage of the mails between the
years 1871 and 1872 was just about seven
thousand miles, and the probability is that
the increase during the present current fiscal
year will amount to as much more. Tt is the
increase of this kind of service that renders
the additional expense necessary. Of course
we cannot decline to transport the mails by
the cheapest, and easiest, and most expedi-
tious route ; and we have to resort therefore
to the railroads.
I will add that the total distances over which
the mails are carried amount to about one
hundred and fourteen thousand miles, of
which sixty-two thousand five hundred miles
are over railroads; and this, I think, will ac-
count fully for the addition to the cost of the
service that was alluded to by my friend from
Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) If there be no
further amendment proposed, the bill will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I proposed an amendment yes-
