1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(U9
people are not willing to rely for protection |
upon the Indian government. Then what j
kind of government can there possibly be ? i
This bill, if it goes into effect., will establish
an Indian government, for there are no legal
residents of the territory except Indians; 110
white man can possibly get any lands in that
territory. It will always be an Indian gov-
ernment. If this bill is an honest bill, there
can be no other than 1111 Indian government
for*he people to rely upon : and it" this bill is
a dishonest one, it has no business to pass.
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner]
speaks of the lawlessness in the Indian terri-
tory and states that Colonel E. C. Boudinot,
that "most courteous gentleman," cannot
live in the Indian territory. Whatever the
gentleman's argument, maybe, he is sadl3* mis-
taken as to the facts. The gentleman perhaps
does not know that this same " courtly gentle-
man" at the election a year ago last August
ran lor senator of the Indian nation, and was
defeated most decidedly. He canvassed the
district and made speeches, although the gen-
tleman from Texas says he cannot live in that
territory. True, he did not get very many votes ;
in one district, out of seveu hundred votes, he
received only seven.
The geutleman frona Texas says there is
a secret organization in that territory, and he
speaks of the outrages committed by the Pin
society. In reciting outrages committed in
that territory he gives the names of men who
were dead and buried twenty or thirty years
ago.
The Pin society was a Union society. They
had the same troubles in the Cherokee coun-
try that they had in all the southern States
where people were evenly divided on the
question of Union or secession ; and they
had some bitter feuds, all growing out of pol-
itics, just as they did in Texas or Tennessee.
Mr. CONNER. I made no declaration in
reference to that matter. I took the published
statement of Colonel Adair.
Mr. McKEE. That is a mere statement as
to what Colonel Adair may have said. I state
what can be borne out by the facts. It is a
fact that Colonel Boudinot did run. The truth
is that Mr. Boudinot ran for the Cherokee
senate in Delaware district on the Pin ticket,
and was defeated. Perhaps that is one reason
why Mr. Boudinot is so much incensed at the
Pins. Mr. Conner hasalso alluded to Colonel
Adair as having joined the Pius. No assertion
could be further from the facts. On the con-
trary, Colonel Adair was elected a member
of the Cherokee senate from Saline district,
in opposition to the so-called Pin party, with
which Boudinot had identified himself. Dur-
ing the contest Boudinot opposed Adair be-
cause Adair was not a Pin. Adair opposed
Boudinot because he, Boudinot, was a Pin,
and beat him badly ; so that out of a constit-
uency of some seven hundred votes Boudinot
only received seven.
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner]
says that twenty thousand of these forty-five
thousand are white men or are colored men,
and they are the people who raise all the crops
in the territory. He may say that, but the
census shows a different state of facts. It
shows there are only two thousand whites and
six thousand colored men out of a population
of eighty thousand. That is what the census
shows.
The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner]
has also alluded to the Cherokee delegation
as having received moneys without accounting
for them, I am reliably informed that the dele-
gation accounted for all the moneys they have
drawn every year to their nation, except one,
in 1808. They made no financial report to
their national council in that year, because
they could not have one of their delegates, M.
K. C. Boudinot, present. While this delega-
tion have made nothing for themselves, the
records of the Interior Department will show
that through their efforts near $2,000 000 have
| been added to their invested fund, and arrange-
! ments are made for an addition still of about
I $2,000,000, to arise from their strip of lands
111 Kansas and their lands assigned the Osages.
Perhaps no public servants ever did more good
with less means for their people than this
little delegation. The truth is that the reason
why some gentlemen so dislike the Cherokee
delegation is the fact that they have been here
every year operating against those territorial
schemes which will ruin their people. Many of
these Indian delegates are educated gentlemen
and are formidable opponents even here in
Washington.
So much for the argument and statement of
yesterday.
But. Mr. Speaker, in order to legislate judi-
ciously we should be fully cognizant of all the
facts concerning the present condition of the
Indian territory. The Indian territory is a
tract of land set apart by former treaties and
acts of Congress as a place where the Indians
who were being driven from their homes by
the restless, ever-advancing waves of civiliza- j
tion, should be gathered together, and where
they should be protected and removed from
the irritating annoyances of a reckless and un-
friendly border population, they should, aided ]
and fostered by the General Government, work
out the destiny ofthe American Indian. Here,
then, have been gathered the remnants of once
mighty nations. Here are the few hundreds
who are all who claim descent from the mighty
Lenni Lenape, the powerful Delawares, whose
alliance by our forefathers was regarded as
synonymous with safety. Here are the rem-
nants ofthe tribes of Pontiac and Tecumseh,
the Shawnees, and Miamis, and Pottowatomies.
Here, also, are tribes which in our growing
later days of strength and their decaying days
of weakness we have crushed with greater
ease, the Sacs, and Foxes, and Osages. Here,
also, are those great southern tribes whose
enmity in the earlier days have cost us much,
the Creeks and Seminoles, and the more
peaceful tribes of the Choctaws and Cherokees
and Chickasaws. Here have been gathered
nearly eighty thousand Indians representing
nearly thirty tribes.
This is not their original home. They have
been driven from place to place ever since the
colonists first became strong enough to press
them backward into the wilderness. But many
years ago this policy of a permanent home for
them was adopted, and the Government has
1 been working by law and treaty to crystallize
the idea into fact, and at last this long-desired,
long-promised boon has been obtained, and the
Indian now has a home. This is indeed to them
the '-promised land," and by toil and danger
and death and wanderings in the wilderness
have they reached it at last. And now, after
all they have endured, after seeing their lauds
taken from them year after year for two hun-
dred years, after being thus gathered into one
country, under the moat solemn pledge^ that
they should never again be molested, is it not
1 strange that they should be again disturbed ?
Not simply one petty tribe, but the whole
thirty tribes inhabiting the territory are to be
blotted out. This bringing them all into one
country under solemn guarantee of protection
forever, and then destroying them, is carrying
' into effect the brutal wish of the Roman tyrant,
who wished that all the Romans had but one
neck, that he might sever it at one blow of
his sword. Sad it is that we have to go to the
history ofthe worst of pagan tyrants to find a
parallel to this proposed action of our-enlight-
ened, civilized, Christian nation 1
Now, what superinduces this bill? Why is
it so persistently pressed ? Why are so many
bills constantly brought forward to create
Oklahoma Territory. Why all for Oklahoma
and none for Alaska? Surely these states-
men have not confined their broad ideas to
j one territory only ? But so it appears. A
! dozen bills have been filed to territorialise the
li Indian territory. Why, when Montana was
organized only one bill was filed. It was the
same with Wyoming. Out of two hundred
and forty Congressmen only one was im-
pressed sufficiently with territorial ideas to
introduce a bill for territorializing these vast
countries. But in this case a dozen members
are anxious on the subject.
Now there must be some reason for all this.
There must be some great pressure brought
to bear upon Congress thus to constantly
force the Oklahoma question upon us. There
is not a white resident in the territory and not
an Indian wants it. Let us examine the
various bills, and we shall see where the
interest and the pressure is. And we will
soon discover that it is not afrer all a ques-
tion of the interest of the people, but of the
interest of a railroad corporation. Let us
read these ten bills, one after the other, and
we find that with the exception of the one
now in consideration they all ask that the
lands of the Indians be surveyed and allotted
to them in severalty, and they carefully say
that no Indian shall choose his one hundred and
sixty acres from the lands heretofore granted
to any railroad corporation. Here is the
whole matter in a nutshell. These former
bills, parents and progenitors of this one, all
are as plainly in the interest of the railroads
| as if they had so stated in the preambles,
i And the railroad interest is a mighty interest,
j By unwise legislation several years ago Con-
gress granted to certain railroads twenty-
three million acres of land, contingent on the
j extinction of the Indian title. And from this
arises the whole trouble ; for these railroads
are like villainous heirs seeking to compass
I the death of the parent in order to come the
I more quickly into their inheritance.
But there are too many reasons why this
bill should not pass. I do not think any such
j territory should be organized, because I do
' not believe such action would be nationally
| just or honorable, wise or expedient. It is
i neither just nor honorable, because the faith of
the nation has been pledged many times over
against the legislation contemplated by these
bills. Fifty solemn treaties made with these
Indian tribes guaranty them their rights over
and over again. I quote but from two of them
bearing directly upon the question of territo-
rializing these tribes.
The treaty of Washington city, May C, 1828,
made with the Cherokees, guaranties thera—
"A permanent home, and which shall, under the
most solemn guarantee of the United States, be and
remain theirs forever; a home that shall never in
all future time be embarrassed by having extended
around it the lines or placed over it the jurisdiction
of a Territory or State, nor be pressed upon by the
extension in any way of the limits of any existing
Territory or State."
The fourth article of the treaty of Washing-
ton, of August 7, 1856, with the Creeks and
Seminoles, provides that—
"The United States do hereby solemnly agree and
bind themselves that no State or Territory shall ever
pass laws for the government of the-Creek or Semi-
nole tribes of Indians, and that no portion of either
of the tracts of country defined in the first and
second articles of this agreement shall ever be em-
braced or included within or annexed to any Terri-
tory or State, nor shall either, or any part of either,
ever be erected into a Territory without the full and
free consent of the legislative authority of the tribe
owning the same."
The twelfth article of the treaty of June 14,
1866, specially confirms all previous treaty
obligations not inconsi teut, with that one, and
as the above quoted article is in no way incon-
sistent, it then and there received a new
sanction.
These, and similar treaties of like import,
are in force and binding to day. If there is
any binding force in solemn guarantee and
written covenant, in plighted faith and national
honor, then we cannot, must, not establish
this territory. But the force of these treaties
is attempted to be broken by the assertion that
the treaties of 1866 provide for a certain kind
of territorial government. They do nothing
of the kind. They do provide that the Indians
may hold an international council or confed-
