1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
United States at this day to create an office
and place therein an officer? We are certainly
not retrograding; we have not reached that
point, in my opinion. Why, sir, if twenty were
proposed, it would not alarm me. Such things
must follow necessarily if this Government is
perpetuated successfully, as we have no doubt
it will be. I am ready to vote for that appoint-
ment and to put an officer there that is compe-
tent and give him $2,500, and if it is neces-
sary, to give him $3,000. I care not what the
dollars are if the office be legitimate, if it be
proper ; and I have no hesitancy in saying that
this is proper. It has been properly investi-
gated ; it is not a new subject. The commit-
tee particularly whose duty it is to investigate
such subjects have reported it; and when these
little boys who serve us as pages grow up, and
some of them I hope may be found worthy to
fill our places and perhaps acquit themselves
much better than I am able to do on the pres-
ent occasion, there will be numbers of new
offices still to be created from time to time.
T admire the proposition whenever it is sub-
mitted, and gratified am I to know that it is
necessary that the growth of the nation and
its great expansion requires that different offi-
cers should be presented for nomination and
confirmation; and this $2,500 should be voted
for to this officer without hesitancy.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from
Louisiana was clearly right in what he said
just now. I certainly understood that it was
agreed all around that this superintendent, if
there was to be one for the free-delivery sys-
tem, to which I see no objection, was to be
made superintendent in the manner which I
am going to describe. A fourth-class clerk
of those already in the Post Office was to be
detailed for that duty, and to his salary as
now fixed was to be added a sum of $700, I
think, or sufficient to bring his total salary up
to §2,500. It was at that increase of salary that
my amendment was aimed, and for one I shall
not be able to sustain any other mode of get-
ting this superintendent. That the superin-
tendent is necessary, I can hardly doubt.
Hie free-delivery branch of the Post Office
service is one very interesting to me and one
which I have always favored; but inasmuch
as it is quite apparent that the superintendent
can be obtained in the manner which I have
mentioned, by appointing a fourth-class clerk
to that duty and increasing his salary, I think
it ought to be done in that way and no other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment read, to see whether the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana is in or not.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as
modified reads:
And for the more efficient organization of the
free-delivery system the Postmaster General may
appoint a fourth-class clerk to act as superintendent
of the free delivery in the PostOffi.ee Department at
an annual salary of $2,500, who shall be paid out of
the appropriation for letter-carriers: Provided,
That tne salary hereby fixed shall terminate at the
end of the fiscal year ending June 30,1874.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest that the words
" appoint a fourth-class clerk" be stricken out,
and these words, " to designate one of the
fourth-class clerks who shall act as superin-
tendent," &c., be inserted, and also " and
whose salary shall be increased by $700."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mod-
ification will be agreed to if there be no objee-
tion, and it is agreed to. The amendment
will be read as modified.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And far the more efficient organization of the
ilee-delivery system the Postmaster General may
■ icsisnate one of the present fourth-class clerks who
-hall act as superintendent of free delivery in the
lJobt Ofiice Department, and whose salary shall be
increased by $700, who shall be paidout of the ap-
propriation for letter-carriers: Provided, That the
salary hereby fixed shall terminate at the end of
the fiscal year ending June 30,1874.
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I wish to be heard. I think
that since we have had so many suggestions in
regard to this one office we can afford very
well to dispense with it, and I hope we can for
this year dispense with it; and when there is
time to consider the question as to whether it
is necessary to create a new office of this kind,
let us then do it. I move that the amendment
be laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. COLE. I spoke in time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
allow me to offer a further amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California can reserve the amendment
in the Senate and have further action on it in
that way.
Mr. COLE. I will do that.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend by
inserting in the forty-first line of the first
section before the word "receiving'' the
word "usually;" so as to read, "that all
persons usually receiving their mail by the
free-delivery system shall provide at their
dwellings, offices, or places of business, proper
receptacles," &c.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move to
amend the bill on page 8, line nine, by adding
after the word "dollars" the following:
That the Postmaster General is hereby directed to
increase the mail steamship service with Brazil now
in operation under the act approved May 28,1864,
so as to provide for deliveries of the mails at New
York and Rio de Janeiro twice each month; and in
the contract therefor he shall require said semi-
monthly service to be performed for the term of ten
years, and by steamships wholly constructed in the
United States, of not ie&s than two thousand tons
burden: Provided, That the entire cost to the Uni-
ted States shall not exceed $400,000 per annum for
service performed twice per month ; and the Post-
master General may contract for the extension of
such service to Montevideo or Buenos Ayres, or
both, at an additional compensation of not exceed-
ing $200,000 per annum.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay that
amendment on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. First let
me inquire is it in order ? I raise the question
of order on the amendment under the rule
adopted to day as applied to this bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Notice of the
amendment has been given, and it is recom-
mended by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. It comes within the rule, as I
understand it.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is the Brazilian mail
service.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Senator
from Michigan what committee has recom-
mended it ?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is offered
by direction of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and one day's notice has
been given of it, and it has been referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and it is
germane to the bill, for there is an appropri-
ation in the bill providing for this same Bra-
zilian service, as will be seen by reading lines
eight and nine on the eighth page of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stew-
art.) The Chair will decide the question of
order. There is an appropriation in the bill
for this service, and this amendment providing
[ for an increase of the service and relating
i directly to an item in the bill, the Chair thinks
it is in order under the rule.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I submit the
motion that the amendment be laid on the
table.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator withdraw his
motion for a moment ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I shall detain the Senate but
a moment on this subject. As a member of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
I am in favor of this amendment. It has been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and it is not opposed by that committee.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask the Senator if it is
approved by that committee ?
Mr. COLE. A majority of that committee,
I am sure, are in favor of it—quite a large
majority.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the chair-
man that the Committee on Appropriations
refused to put this amendment on this bill.
Mr. COLE. So far the Senator is correct.
Mr. STEVENSON. And there was no vote
other than that in the committee on the
subject.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia allow me a moment in reference to the
statement which has been made by the Senator
from Kentucky?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. It is true that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations refused to put any
of these proposed additional subsidies on the
bills, but it was with the distinct understand-
ing that that action was not to prejudice the
amendments, but simply leave the members
of the committee free to act as any other
Senators.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from
South Carolina is exactly correct. I simply
desired to correct the statement of the Senator
from California that a majority of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations were in favor of this
amendment. There were various amendments
before that committee providing subsidies to
steamships, and they declined to put any of
them on the bill; but it was understood that
that action was not to prejudice the amend-
ments in the Senate; but I deny, under my
knowledge, that there was a majority of the
committee in favor of this specific subsidy.
Mr. COLE. The Senator, in my judgment,
has failed entirely to correct me; but, on the
contrary, has corrected his own statement,
though I am not at liberty to state what has
taken place in the committee-room.
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not make any
reference to it; the Senator did it himself.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I will not, and
indeed I cannot for want of time, argue the
proposition now before the Senate. I will
merely refer to two or three documents which
I wish to have go on record on this subject.
I will read in the first place from the last
annual message of the President of the Uni-
ted States. Addressing the Congress of the
United States, he says:
"Your favorable consideration is invited to the
recommendations made by the Postmaster General
for an increase of service from monthly to semi-
monthly trips on the mail steamship route to Brazil,
and for a subsidy in aid of the establishment of an
American line of mail steamers between San iran-
cisco, New Zealand, and Australia."
The report of the Postmaster General, to
which reference is made by the President in
his message, is in nearly the same language,
as follows :
"I respectfully renew the recommendations made
in my report of last year, for an increase of servicc
from monthly to semi-monthly trips on the mail
steamship route to Brazil, and also for a moderate
subsidy in aid of the establishment and maintenance
of an American line of mail steamers between ban
Francisco and Sew Zealand and Australia, by way
of the Hawaiian Islands."
I will read next from the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury a paragraph which, in
my judgment, is full of argument and of great
force; and to this I call the particular atten
tion of the Senate. Speaking first of the
earnings of vessels engaged in the commerce
of the United States, his allegation is that the
earnings amount to perhaps $100,000,000, of
which he says less than one third is earned by
American ships; and then, speaking of this
enterprise, he says:
" The rise in the price of iron and the advance in
the wages of labor in England during the past year
favor the Government and people of the United
States. But this advantage, due to natural causes,
should not lead us to trust,the future to the force of
those causes, but should induce us rather to act at
once and with vigor. It may happen that we can-
not regain the control of the direct trade between
Europe and the United States; but there is an im-
mense field to be occupied upon the Pacific ocean
