1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
and in the south Atlantic. England controls the
markets of the world by controlling the channels of
communication, and I am convinced that awonder-
ful impetus will be given to the agricultural and
manufacturing interests of the country by the in-
crease of our commercial marine. Merchants in
distant countries must purchase goods at points
with which they have frequent and regular commun-
ication, and when such communication exists with
one country only the cost of merchandise becomes
unimportant, as there are no means of comparison,
nor is there opportunity for the advantages of com-
petition. Hence a great producing country can
afford to establish and maintain lines of steamships
upon the ocean, as the indirect benefits will much
exceed the cost."
In those sentiments, Mr. President, I, for
one, very fully concnr. I believe that the
service proposed by this amendment will add
very materially to the commerce of the United
States on the South Atlantic. Already the
line of steamers touches at several important
points: at Para, at the mouth of the Amazon
river; at Pernambuco, a city I think of some-
thing over two hundred thousand people; at
Bahia, a city of something like four hundred
thousand inhabitants; and reaches Rio de
Janeiro, which contains a population of about
half a million, a city nearly as large as Phila-
delphia. The proposition is to extend the
service to the mouth of the Rio de la Plata,
which will bring us in communication by mail
speedily with several republics of South
America, with whichre publics the nations of
Europe have much communication by steam.
The steam vessels between the mouth of that
river and Europe amount to something like
one hundred and eighty-seven a year, or more
than one every two days; and yet we, who
once commanded that trade, have no com-
munication with those countries to speak of,
and their trade necessarily goes to Europe.
We should save by the exchange, that is car-
ried on through London, more than it would
cost the Government, to establish this line.
Now, Mr. President, having expressed my
views on these subjects frequently before the
Senate, I have said all that 1 shall ever say to
the Senate upon them. I wish to leave very
distinctly my views before the public, and to
say that they are now unchanged from what
they were a year ago, and what they have been
ever since I have been a member of this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator s
time has expired.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew my motion,
that the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr WINDOM. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Ames.] He would vote "yea," if present,
and I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by ye® and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays '21 ; as follows.
YEAS-Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Conkhng, Davis.
Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Johns-
ton Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pratt,
Robertson, Schura, Sherman, Stevenson, Thurman,
Tinton Trumbull, Yickers, and Wright—Js.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin, Ferry ot MicMffn.f Sjfna(fa&'ve P^me-
Hill, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, iNye, rome
roy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Sprague, Stew-
'lrABSBNT^Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow. Caldwell Cameron Cooper Fen ton,
Perry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Harlan, UitcncoeK.
Kelly. Morton, Norwood, gsborn, Ransom^Sauls-
bury, Scott, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, wilson,
and Wmdom—24. ^
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY obtained the floor. _
Mr. CONKLING. 1 ask the Senate to yield
to me for one single moment, to make a remark
now, if it is in order to do so. _ I felt con-
strained to vote to lay the proposition in ref-
erence to the Brazilian line on the table, and
I gave that vote without the slightest reference
to the merits of the proposition. I think it
has merits; but, under the rule, and upon the
understanding, and at this stage of the session
I do not think steamship subsidies ought to be
considered as amendments to the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. By instruction of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, I offer
the following amendment, to come in at the
end of the eleventh line of section two on
page 8:
That the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
and directed to extend the existing contract for mail
steamship service between the ports of San Francisco
and Honolulu, to some port or ports in Australia
and New Zealand, touching at Honolulu, in the
Sandwich Islands, and at Pago Pago, in the Naviga-
tor's Island, and such other ports ill the Pacific
ocean as may become necessary for coaling purposes,
by means of a line, to run once in every four weeks,
making thirteen round trips per annum, of first-class
American-built sea going steamships, of not less
than two thousand register tons each, and of a char-
acter and speed suitable for mail and passenger
steamships in this service, and of sufficient number
to perform thirteen round voyages per annum be-
tween said ports: Provided, That all ships to be
built hereafter shall correspond in all resp eets to the
steamships herein described, and be not less than
two thousand five hundred tons register, Govern-
ment measurement; said service to continue for a
term often years, to commence on or before April
7,1873, and shall include, extend, and consolidate
the contract now existing for United States mail-
service between San Francisco and the Sandwich
Islands. That the Postmaster General shall con-
tract for the aforesaid service with the parties own-
ing and representing the California, Now Zealand
and Australian Mail Steamship Line, at a rate of
compensation not exceeding $425,000 for thirteen
round voyages; and upon entering into said con-
tract said parties shall enter into good and sufficient
security for its faithful performance, subject to the
approval of the Postmaster General.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the point of
order that that amendment is in violation of
the rule which declares that no amendment
shall be received which does not directly re-
late to an appropriation contained in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is: " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair has not
favored the Senate with the grounds upon
which he overrules the point of order, and
therefore I am unable to understand them. I
assume, from the fact that the Chair is a mem-
ber of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, that perhaps he has considered that
question and can see plainly that the amend-
ment is in order. But here we have a rule
which declares that no amendment shall be
received that does not directly relate—I be-
lieve I quote its exact language—to the appro-
priations contained in the bill. Lest I may
not quote it correctly, I ask that it may be
reported. m
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the rule.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"And no amendmentto any sucb bill, making legis-
lative provisions other than such as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President,
this amendment, although it may be that there
is one line in it which has some relation-^not
a direct one—to an appropriation contained
in the bill, proposes an entirely new line, over
an entirely new space of the seas which partly
cover the globe, entering into relations with
new countries, and which the money, the
appropriation, the cash, which the bill names,
is not to be applied to in anyway whatever.
The cash that the appropriation provides for
is to be paid for the existing service ; and you
cannot take a penny of it, because it is devoted
by contract, from the existing service, to any
other ; and yet, in the face of that, the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota undertakes to
foist upon this bill an entirely new and independ-
ent proposition, which is to require new and
fresh moneys from the Treasury, and which
does not regulate the appropriation of the
moneys that the bill names, to apply them to
other objects, or to limit or regulate their
expenditures for the objects stated in the bill.
If, as I must assume, the Chair, for the mo-
ment, supposed that the appropriation named
in the bill might be applied to this service,
there might be some ground for the decision
of the Chair, that this point of order was not
well taken ; but you cannot, without a viola-
tion of existing contracts and existing laws,
take a single penny of the money that the bill
appropriates and apply it to this object.
Neither does this amendment regulate the
expenditure of that money in the slightest
degree.
Therefore, Mr. President, as I do not wish
to occupy the time of the Senate more than to
state my point, it appears to me that, in a mat-
ter of so much importance, I may be excused,
with all respect, in appealing from the decis-
ion of the Chair, in orderthat the judgment of
the Senate may be taken upon this point.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose, upon any ques-
tion of order that may arise in this body, not-
withstanding the Senate, by its vote, may have
determined that very question of order, each
Senator will be at liberty to vote upon that
question, when again raised, precisely as his
judgment may dictate to be right, like a court
that may overrule its own decisions. But any
gentleman occupying the chair, whether it be
the Vice President or any person placed in the
chair by him, I suppose is bouud by every
reason, by parliamentary law, and by good
judgment, to rule in accordance with the vote
of the Senate until that vote shall be changed.
Now my recollection is, and I believe I am
right, that this very question of order was
raised last year, and the Senate determined
affirmatively that the amendment was in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
to have that decision of last year read, and
let us see what it is?
Mr. HAMLIN. I am only speaking from
my recollection. My recollection is tnat this
amendment was offered last year as a part of
this appropriation bill, precisely as it is offered
now: and, on discussion the Senate determined
that it was in order. Am I not right ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Kansas
who sits in front of me, and who watched it
last year with myself, says that I am correct.
I am stating from my recollection. If I am
right, then the Chair could rule in no other
way than the way in which the Chair has ruled,
because it is not within the province of the
Chair to overrule the vote of the Senate when
the Senate have declared what was their opin-
ion upon any question that may have been
submitted to them. Under that view of the
case, I hold that the Chair could have ruled in
no other way than he has.
Mr. THURMAN. That may all be very
true; the Chair,is boutid to rule according to
the decision made by the Senate; but the
Senate may reverse its own decision.
Mr. HAMLIN. Undoubtedly; and I made
the remarks that I did because the Senator
from Vermont criticised, as I thought, a little
severely the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg your pardon.
Mr. HAMLIN. He said the Chair had
ruled without giving any reason for his decision.
I may be wrong about it; but I stated the reason
why, in my judgment, the Chair could not have
ruled in any other way than he did.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend from
Ohio will pardon me a single moment in reply.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the Senator from
Maine has suggested that I have criticised the
ruling of the Chair, through the kindness of
my friend fiom Ohio I have the floor to repel
that suggestion. I only apologized for my
inability to present the question in as strong
a light as it ought to have been presented,
from the fact that the Chair had not stated
the grounds of his decision ; that was all.
I wish to say, while I am up, that I should
