652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Indians in the United States. Suppose that
one hundred thousand are not removed to the
Indian territory, stil) it leaves a population of
two hundred and eightv-three thousand In-
dians, a greater population than is contained
in many of our smaller States. Even with
its present population it is more populous than
any of the other Territories, except New
Mexico and Utah, and it is more densely peo-
pled than an}' other Territory of the United
States ; it has more population to the square
mile than even Colorado, with its cities gas-
lighted and paved with stone ; and you are on
the point of making Colorado into a State.
Yet gentlemen get up here and tell about this
fertile territory of Oklahoma roamed over and
possessed by a handful of wandering Indians.
Though the Territories of Utah and New Mex-
ico contain a larger white population than the
Indian territory contains Indians, (and there
are almost no whites in the latter territory,)
yet in the Indian territory more than six times
as many bushels of corn and wheat is raised
than in Utah or New Mexico, and also more
than six times aa much as in your proposed
new State of Colorado. The value of its farm
> •!' • ::-v tvice as much as those of any
uiuer ie>.tto:y and five or ten times more
than most of them. And yet the St. Louis
Board of Trade and other trading organiza-
tions urge as a reason for opening this country
that it will increase their trade to throw it
open to whites. The statistics which I present
show the fallacy of this. But even if it were
true, that is no reason why we should break
down the barriers of Indian safety in order
that western merchants may put money in
their purse. With the avaricious greed of
traders, they seek to barter our national honor
on 'Change, and make the happiness and wel- j
fare of tribes and peoples subordinate to their
greed for gain. They would offer up the In-
dian as a sacrifice upon their mammon altar
of mercantile avarice. Certainly we will not
permit the Indians to be crushed in order to
''extend the area of trade." We have not
become so soulless as to wish to see the blood
of the red man coined by huckstering traders
into dollars and the honor of this Government
bartered for its greenback promises to pay.
And others ask the passage of this bill " in
the interest of humanity and civilization."
Pray, who are these humane civilizers? They
a.-e those who covet the lands of the Indians.
It cannot be denied that this measure is only
urged by those with whom the security of
Indian right and the improvement of the In-
dian race is but a secondary consideration,
if considered at all. And when we ask plain,
practical questions of these philanthropic
speculators as to the future of these Indians,
we are answered by glittering generalities and
gilded hopes. They prate of raising the In-
dian to the " full dignity of American citizen-
ship," and yet this bill nowhere provides for
such citizenship. It breaks up his tribal
citizenship; it divests him of his tribal right
of legislating for himself; it gives him no full
rights in lieu thereof; it takes from him his
lands, and makes him an alien, an outcast,
and a strauger to his own land. And this they
call "elevating and improving the Indian
race." But there is even a more bitter satire
than this in the bill.
This territory, which is now, but if this bill
passes soon will no longer be, the abode of
the Indian, they propose to call Oklahoma,
signifying "the home of the red man and
yet the very law which gives it the name
srushes out the Indian forever. In the almost
forgotten Indian tongue Alabama signifies
" here we rest," for in the pleasant land that
now bears that name the Indian vainly hoped
that there he could rest from his weary wan-
derings, but he soon faded away before the
nioneer ; and now, when we think: of the Indian
meaning, a sad and mournful interest clusters
around the name of " Alabama." But when
Oklahoma, the home of the red man, under \
this bill becomes the home of the white man
only, this name will have a deeper interest,
for Oklahoma will be the synonym of national
bad faith and a stinging satire on national
honor.
And finally see what the effect of this bill
would be on the other Indian tribes. If we
break these solemn guarantees, given over and
over again to these Indians, who will blame
or even wonder at Red Cloud and his Sioux,
or Cochise and his Apaches, for refusing to
enter into treaty obligations, or, having made
them, for breaking them? If there is no bind-
ing honor on one side, surely there can be none
on the other. If we are thus to break our
treaties, why were patents given to these
Indians for their lands under the great seal of
the United States guarantying them their
right forever? Was it really as an euduring
token of good faith, or was it, as it now seems,
only to make more conspicuous our perfidy?
These Indians are our wards. Is it by such
means as this we teach them honesty? Is this
the way we educate them? Is this the way
we " bring them beneath the benign influences
of Christian civilization?" Must Indian lands
and national honor and religion and honesty
be alike swallowed up in the rapacious maws
of dishonest speculators? Is'nothing to be
held sacred from the profaning grasp of land-
grabbing corporations? I hope that this Con-
gress will answer this question for all future
time. I hope that we will guaranty forever
our national good faith, and that, standing 011
the border of the Indian territory, we will say
to these corrupting corporations which have
already swallowed up many a fair domain,
" Thus far shalt thou go and no farther," and
here shall thy vile waves be stayed.
Mr. CONNER. Before the gentleman
closes I desire to correct him upon one point,
for I know he does not wish to misrepresent ]
any gentleman. One of his remarks was that
Colonel Boudinot had been a defeated candi-
date for the senate. That gentleman over-
heard the remark in the gallery, and has sent
me a note, in which he says :
" I was never a candidate for any office in the
Cherokee nation but twice in my life, and then I was
elected by an overwhelming majority. I didnotruu
for the senate, and never made a speech as a candi-
date in my life." ;
The gentleman's informant was doubtless
Colonel Adair, who in this instance is an ;
unworthy witness, us I have shown from quota-
tions from documents. As I said before, he
joined the secret society of the Pin. My in-
formation is that Colonel Boudinot was not in
the nation during the pendency of that elec-
tion. Some friends may have voted for him.
Mr. McKEE. The question whether Bou-
dinot was or was not a candidate, or who or
what Boudinot is, has little to do with this
question; but my information is that he did
run as a candidate for the senate in the Dela-
ware district and received seven votes. Con-
sidering the result of the election, it is not
surprising that he now thinks he was not a
candidate. '
I now yield twenty minutes to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard.] j
Mr. MAYNARD addressed the House in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix ;
and on concluding yielded the remainder of
his time to Mr. Whitthorne. i
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I thank mycolleage
for the courtesy he has extended to me of a
short space of time to express my dissent to
the bill proposed by the Committee on the |
Territories. j
I ask, Mr. Speaker, who is it that demands j
this legislation atour hands? Is it the people
who are to be prejudiced or benefited by this
legislation? Is the tribe whose relations and j
whose laws and whose customs are to be |
changed, is that tribe here asking it at our .
hands? If not, who is it? Are they not in- j
terested parties? Are not tiiey parties who j
covet the rich possessions now owned and [
ceded to these parties? Does any gentleman
suppose for one moment that if this territory
were a howling wilderness and a waste there
would be any such legislation demanded at our
hands? I do not think so.
And I would ask further, Mr. Speaker, is
not this legislation in violation of all the sol-
emn undertakings and engagements on the
part of the Government of the United States ?
Did not the Government of the United Slates,
by treaty made in 1835, agree that the United
States hereby covenants and agrees that the
land hereby ceded to the Cherokee nation in
the foregoing article shall at no future time
without their consent be included in the ter-
ritorial limits or jurisdiction of any State or
Territory?
Now, sir, it may be—and that argument
is tendered—these tribes are not nations, are not
independent sovereignties, are not, iu other
words, parties with whom treaties ought to be
or can be made. Yet I appeal to you, Mr.
Speaker, that the experience in the legislation
of the country has been from the day of Wil-
liam Penndown to the present time the recog-
nition of these tribes as nations or parties with
whom treaties can be made. If not, why were
treaties made at all? If you make them at
all, shall their weakness, shall their feebleness,
shall the paucity of their number, invite us to
break them with them? It is easy with the
powerful and with the strong to keep faith, to
maintain our honor; but, sir, it is dishonor-
able when the weakness and feebleness of a
party invites or tempts us to transgress its
rights or to the perpetration of wrong.
Sir, this violation of faith is to our own dis-
honor. It involves us in expense, involves us
and the country in war; for future tribes and
future nations with whom we may make
treaties, with whom we may make such ar-
rangements, will not rely 011 the good faith or
the covenant or the agreement made by the
Government of the United States.
Sir, we pointed heretofore to the progress
made by the Cberokees, Choetaws, and Creeks
in this Indian territory as a result of the be-
neficent legislation of the United States and
the wisdom of our action. Their advance-
ment in Christianity and civilization has been
held up to the other tribes as an inducement
to them to enter into similar arrangements
with us. They have been removed to the ter-
ritory west of the Mississippi river under those
treaty stipulations, and if we are now to disre-
gard our good faith and the covenant and
agreement made with them, then with what
show of success can wego to the hostile Indians
on the plains and ask them to enter into any
covenant or agreement with us ? Are we to
reverse the policy of the Government of the
United States and go back on our own words—
not at the instauce of the Indians themselves,
nor at the behest, of the tribes, but to promote
private speculation or private interests, or the
greed of white men in this country?
Now let me say in conclusion that no act
of bad faith or dishonor ever yet was rewarded.
The time of vengeance for violated faith will
surely come, and it is against any such contin-
gency I hope this bill will be rejected.
Mr. HEREFORD. I desire, as a member
of the Committee on the Territories, to enter
my protest against the passage of this bill, and
I shall very briefly give my reasons therefor.
I have no charge to make against the bill that
it is in the interests of railroads, and I do not
believe that any member of the committee
intended to make that charge. My reason for
opposing this bill is simply this: we have
entered into solemn treaties with these Indians,
and I say we should keep faith with them.
It is no answer to me, sir, to be met with
the decision of the Supreme Court, which savs
that Congress, by a simple law, may abrogate
these treaties. We needed no decision of the
Supreme Court to teach us that. We knew
we had the power and could do it, just in the
same way that if I gave my plighted faith to
