1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
be glad to have the Senator from Maine or the
Secretary read the decision of last year and
see what the ruling was then ; whether this
rule was in force at that particular moment,
and that we may see precisely what the decision
was. This quoting decisions from memory
may possibly lead us into mischief.
Mr. WEST. May I be allowed to ask the
Senator a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes.
Mr. WEST. Have we not got the ruling of
the Chair and the ruling of the Senate, per-
haps on an entirely different proposition, but
one of similar character as a question of order,
when the Senator from Vermont was decidedly
in favor of the proposition being in order? I
refer to what is known as the bill making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of last
year, when there was a proposition to amend
that, bill by legislating with reference to the
supervisors of election, and to increase the
appropriation to some $3,000,000. The Sena-
tor then strenuously contended that that amend-
ment was in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. WEST. Is not that a parallel case?
Mr. EDMUNDS. When the Senator gets
through I will try to satisfy him whether it is a
parallel case or not.
Mr. WEST All right.
Mr. THURMAN. i suppose this is not
taken out of my five minutes?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; nothing is
taken out of your five minutes.
Mr. President, I am a little surprised that
the Senator from Louisiana, unless he does it
as a matter of joke—and it is a very good one,
perhaps—should bring up that matter as ap-
plicable to this case. There the bill contained
an appropriation for carrying out the existing
provisions of law in respect to that very sub-
ject, and it. was ascertained that the appropri-
ation contained in the bill was not sufficient,
and in compliance with the rule it was pro-
posed to increase that appropriation for that
very purpose, and we only regulated the
expenditure of the money under that appropri-
ation for that very purpose. Now, does the
Senator stand up in his place and tell me or any-
body else thai, that is a precedent for this case ?
Mr. WEST. The Senator's explanation,
according to my construction of his language,
makes this a precisely similar case. There is
an appropriation in this bill for a certain pur-
pose; and so there was in that bill. I do not
see the distinction at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not responsible for
my friend's mental vision. That is a matter
that he and his Creator must settle for them-
selves. [Laughter.] But the wide difference
(if my friend will pardon me for the fun of the
thing) is this, which any gentleman can see,
and my friend himself, because he is more
ingenious than that; he* is not quite as ingen-
uous as he supposes himself for a moment to
be as to the parallelism between these two
cases. This proposition provides for a service
o! a different character, in a different place,
for different objects, except that it is all for
the general welfare, we are to assume ; whereas
that appropriation was to carry on precisely
the same object and in the same way except
regulating the methods in which that object
should be accomplished. Now, to say that the
t.wo cases have the slightest parallel is amazing
to me. Here is a steamship line to the Sand-
wich Islands, which, under a contract which
is a part of the law, (as the contract, I must
assume, corresponds to the law,) is to be car-
ried on in a certain way and for a certain
price. Now it is proposed, on the idea that
you are relating this proposition to that appro-
priation, "we will have another line in another
place, over another part of the ocean, at
another price, and under a different con-
tract;" and yet Senators ask us to say that
that directly relates to an appropriation con-
tained in the bill! It cannot be.
Bui, Mr. President, 1 rose chiefly, through
the kind permission of n>y friend from Ohio,
to ask the Secretary and to ask my friend from
Maine to point out any ruling at the last ses-
sion that is supposed to be parallel to this
case. I do not think there was any.
Mr. THURMAN. I quite concur with the
Senator from Louisiana that the celebrated
bayonet bill amendment was as much a viola-
tion of the rule as the amendment now offered ;
but i think it is equally clear that this amend-
ment is a violation of the rule. I do not pro-
pose, however, to argue that. I only express
the hope that the Senate will see that this
amendment is out of order; for what is it?
It is a proposition, if I understand it, to appro-
priate by one stroke of the pen between four
and five million dollars, and whether there is
more than that in it I do not know; but one
single clause in it, as I understand it, appro-
priates over $400,000 annually for the term
of ten years, making between four and five
million dollars; and this is simply the entering
wedge for a number of other amendments for
like steamship subsidies.
Now, I submit to every Senator here
whether there is the least propriety in the
world in discussing such an amendment as that
under the five-minutes rule. When the five-
minutes rule was proposed at this session, in
the few remarks that 1 submitted in opposition
to it, I specified among other things that we
did not want to have offered as amendments
to appropriation bills, if a five-minutes rule
were adopted, these very steamship subsidy
bills. Whether we shall go into the subsidiz-
ing system or not, is a large question that in-
volves a good deal more than the money that
comes out of the Treasury. It involves large
questions of justice to other interests in the
country, and among those interests, to the
commercial interest of the country. It is
utterly impossible for anybody even to give the
heads of the arguments that may be offered
either for or against these subsidies within
five minutes. 1 say, therefore, that if this
Senate meant anything by that rule which pro-
hibits amendments from being considered un-
less they relate directly to appropriations in
the bill, if there was any good faith whatever
in that rule, if it did not intend to stifle debate
upon questions the most important almost
that couid come before the Senate, an inter-
pretation ought to be given to the rule that
will prohibit any such amendment. I hope
we shall now have the yeas and nays on this
question, and let us see whether or not the
Senate intends to vote away millions upon
millions of the public money, and affect the
commercial interests of the country, and affect
all other industries in the country as these
subsidy schemes propose, under a five-minutes
debate. I ask for the yeas aud nays on the
appeal.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Secretary has kindly
furnished me with the Journal of the Senate
for the last session. Perhaps I need not take
up the time of the Senate except to say that
I was precisely right in the statement that I
made. The Senator from California [Mr.
Casseklt] did offer an amendment to this
biil last year, not in words like this, but in
substance precisely the same, proposing to
contract with certain parties by extending the
service now existing between Sail Francisco
and the Sandwich Islands, aud upon that
amendment the questiou of order was sub-
mitted to the Senate, and the Senate voted
that it was in order by a vote of yeas 31, nays
19 The Senators who voted that it was iu
order were—
"Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, Blair, Borpmnii, Cald-
well, Oosserly. Olaytcm, Uoie, Oorbett, Davis of
West Vugmia, Ferry ot Michigan. (hibert, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kellogi?. Kctly, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye. Pomeroy, Pool,Rice. Sawyer. Sehnrz,
Sprasrue, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, West, Wil-
son, and Wimdon."
Those who voted in the negative were—
" Me,-sra. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Cooper, Cragin. Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of
Maryland, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn,
Soott, Sherman, Trumbull, and Vickers."
Making a vote affirming it to be in order of
31 to 19.
Mr. WEST. As I understand it, the ques-
tion now before the Senate is one of order.
The Senate is not expected on this vote to
take any action upon the merits of the propo-
sition itself. It is simply whether the decision
of the Chair shall stand, and I am obliged to
the Senator fiom Maine that he has looked
over the proceedings of the last session and
established one precedent; and I think he
could look further and establish another, and.
that is, that the proposition to amend the
judiciary bill was a similar measure to this.
As several Senators here have debated the
question on its merits; I do not wish to be
understood as insisting that this point of order
commits any Senator in that regard whatever.
When the question itself comes to be consid-
ered, then each Senator can decide it for
himself.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM.* I do not think that
this proposed amendment is in order, although
it is the introduction, virtually, of the bill
known as the bill " for authorizing the .estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and Australia."
Under that name all the arguments that have
been made for establishing that line have been
made, upon the ground that it was in the
interest of commerce, that it was for the pro-
motion of commerce. The bill before us is a
biil making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department. I submit that it
is not in accordance with the provisions of
this bill, or the meaning of this bill, to bring in
an amendment so directly iu the interest of
commerce.
Mr. COLE. I should like to ask my friend
from Connecticut what would become of the
commerce of the country if it were not for the
mails?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no dis-
position to talk about this question. This is a
question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is-an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
that this question is precisely like the one
which was before the Senate, under precisely
the same rule, I think, in this respect, last year.
It was then discussed, as it. has been now, with
the result which my colleague has stated.
Therefore it seems to me that it is a sort of
completed questiou as a question of order.
To be sure we are not bound by the action
of last year: but I do not propose to argue a
question which arises now precisely as it arose
last year, and the arguments necessarily are of
the same efftraeter.
Mr. CONKLING. Had the Senate, or a
majority of the Senate, supposed that under
the rule recently adopted the whole subject
of steamship subsidies could be brought into
consideration upon an appropriation bill, the
rule would never have been adopted, nor would
the two or three hours have been expended
which the Senate devoted to a discussion of
that rule. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thus-
man] said, more especially to me as 1 under-
stood him, that it would be insisted that under
the rule then proposed steamship subsidies
could be moved, and that a postal telegraph
could be moved. I denied that. One single
Senator agreed with the Senator from Ohio,
that there might be danger of that under the
rule. It' any other Senator agreed with him,
that Senator remained mute; and 1 take to
witness every member of the body, whatever
may be said technic lly on this question, ihut
the rule was adopted with the common under-
standing that steamship subsidies especially,
by name, were among the things excluded
from consideration.
Now, Mr. President, the Senate has a right
to overrule what has been adjudged hereto-
