316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of Urn Umted States.
To Jacob T. Wine, one hundred and seven
dollars and fifty cents.
To George Warner, two hundred and fifty-
four dollars.
To Thornton Whitacre, two hundred and
sixty-seven dollars.
To Thomas Young, seven hundred and forty-
five dollars.
To Richard James, one hundred and fifty-
five dollars.
To William Wright, one hundred dollars.
To James M. Walter, four hundred dollars.
To William Henry Taylor, six hundred and
forty-seven dollars.
To Charles W. Henderson, one hundred and
fifty-five dollars.
To Aauilla Janney, six hundred and thirty-
five dollars.
To Lavinia Head, three hundred and twenty-
two dollars.
To William F. Mercer, four hundred and
seventy-eight dollars.
To Thomas Eaches, two hundred and eighty -
four dollars.
To John W. Moore, twenty dollars.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LVI.—An Act for the settlement and
payment ofthe Claim of Elizabeth S. Brewer,
Executrix of John Brewer.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is directed to examine the claim of
Elizabeth Brewer, executrix of John Brewer,
deceased, for professional services of the said
John Brewer in procuring the condemnation
of lands for the Washington aqueduct, and any
expenditures made by him for the same pur-
pose, and ascertain the sum justly due for such
services and expenditures. And a sufficient
sum to pay the amount found due on said claim
(but not to exceed the sum of fourteen thou-
sand dollars) is hereby appropriated.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LVII.—An Act for the Relief of Levi
J. Powell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatwes of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay to Levi J. Powell, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of one hundred and four dol-
lars and fifty cents, in full for his bill for print-
ing done and furnished by order of the mili-
tary authorities, at Clarksburg, West Virginia
during the late war.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LVIIL— An Act for the Relief of Cap
tain Lyman J. Hissong, of Henry County,
Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be paid to Ly-
man J. Hissong, of Ohio, the pay of captain
from the eighteenth day of April, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, to the first day of August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, while he
actually served as captain in the ninth regi
ment of Louisiana infantry volunteers, col
ored, after he was by leave mustered out of
the sixty-eighth regiment Ohio volunteers, and
before he was formally mustered into the said
Louisiana regiment.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LIX.—An Act for the Relief of W. H
Kirk.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account
ing officers of the Treasury Department be,
and they are hereby, authorized to allow W.
H. Kirk, postmaster at Marysville, Tennessee,
a credit of the sum of one hundred and ten
dollars -and twenty cents, on settlement of his
accounts at the Post Office Department, being
the amount lost in consequence of the larceny
of said sum, stolen at the fire on the thir-
teenth of February last from the post office at
Marysville, Tennessee: Provided, That satis-
factory proof of the facts herein. set forth be
produced to the said accounting officers.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LX.—An Act for the Relief of Harriet
W. Pond.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in consideration of
injuries received duringthe warof the rebellion,
the sum of one thousand dollars be paid to
Mrs. Harriet W. Pond, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LXI.—-An Act for the Relief of A. W.
Moss.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to A. W. Moss, out of any
money? in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of four hundred and eighty
dollars, in full compensation for ninety-six
days' services, at five dollars per day, rendered
by the said Moss under the appointment of
General Rosecrans as a member of a board to
take charge of the military custom-house at
Nashville, Tennessee, from March twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to July first,
in the same year.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Mar-
garet Fillebrown.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby directed to pay Margaret
Fillebrown, the widow of the late Henry C.
Fillebrown, who lopt his life by being drowned
in the Coosa river, in the State of Alabama,
while engaged in the service of the United
States as an engineer, the salary the said
Henry C. Fillebrown would have been entitled
to have received from the day of his death,
via: August eleventh, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, to the end of the fiscal year in
which his death occurred, had he remained in
said service, being at the rate of two hundred
dollars per month.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
Chap. LXXI.—An Act for the Relief of T. H.
Holderness, owner of the British Ship Duke
of Edinburgh.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay to T. H. Holderness, owner of the British
ship Duke of Edinburgh, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of three thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars and forty-five cents, for reimburse-
ment of amount expended by him in repairing
injuries to that vessel, received by collision
with the United States steamer General Mc-
Pherson.
Approved, January 27, 1873.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Jerome E. Pampoll.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary-of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Jerome E. PampeH, Isfte
a private in the third regiment of Maryland
volunteers, to take effect from the passageef
this act.
ArPROVED, January 28, 1873.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act granting a Pension
to John Oliver, Louisa Oliver, Robert Oliver,
and Martha A. Oliver.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House ofRep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorised and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of John Oliver, Louisa "Oliver,
Robert Oliver, and Martha A. Oliver, only
minor children of Thomas Oliver, late a private
in the fifty-sixth regiment of Illinois infantry
volunteers, to take effect from the sixth day
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the
pensions hereby granted to be paid to the
guardian of said minor children.
Approved, Jauuary 28, 1873.
Chap. LXXY.—An Act granting a Pension to
Sarah Reynolds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Sarah Reynolds,
widow of William R. Reynolds, unassign-ed
drafted man, who died while in the.service of
the United States, at St. Lopis, Missouri,! to
take effect from the passage of this act.
Approved, January 28, 1873.
Chap. LXXYI.—An Act granting a Pension
to Benjamin Clark.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House ©/ Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ameriexm
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions aud limitations of the
pension laws, the. name of Benjamin Clark,
of Beech Creek, in the county of Clinton, arid
State of Pennsylvania, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month from the passage of this act.
Approved, January 28, 1873,
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Susan Schofield.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseaf Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the Secretary bf the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Susan Schofield,
widow of Alfred F. Schofield, late a first lieu-
tenant in the third regiment of Kentucky cav-
alry volunteers, in lieu of the pension now
received by her, and to take effect from the
passage of this act.
Approved, January 28, 1873.
Chap. LXXVIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Ann C. Butler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
" assembled, That the Secretary of the
