1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
fore. I doubt whether that is necessary in
this case, because I see a perfectly well defined
distinction between this case and the case cited
by the Senator from Louisiana, which my friend
from Ohio again shows his facetiousness by talk-
ingabout as " the celebrated bayonet bill." I
hope the honorable Senator from Ohio will
continue to refer to that bill in that way just
as long as he derives amusement by so re-
ferring to it; but he knows better than I do
that that question is like this, very much as a
white hair is like a black hair when wrought
into a fabric.
Now, the case which the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] referred to, and which
I have here, is a great deal more like this.
But in my judgment the force of that precedent
is entirely superseded by the fact that recently,
within a few days, this rule was adopted,
meaning, as everybody understood, to shut
out these amendments, among others. That
was my reason for voting to lay upon the
table the Brazilian amendment. I did not
appeal ftom the decesion of my friend from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who was in the chair
at the moment, because he is generally so
right that I did not like to take an appeal, as
I told him after he left the chair, from his
decision. I believe that ruling was wrong.
But although the present occupant of the
chair has very properly felt himself con-
strained to rule, after what had occurred, as
he has done, I cannot think that the Senate
will administer this rule in wisdom or even in
good faith in respect of its recent adoption if
it will hold that upon appropriation bills
things so foreign as this to the real purpose
of the bill may be brought in, and that, under
the five-minutes rule, topics of the magnitude
of this may be discussed and pressed to a vote.
Mr NYE. Mr. President, I do not know
but that there will have to be some mode re-
sorted to to ascertain what we mean to legislate
upon. If we start this measure as an original
bill it is not deemed worthy of the consideration
of the Senate. It gets a clip from Ohio, a clip
from Michigan, and Vermont lays right square
across the track. [Laughter.]" If we move
it as an amendment to an appropriation bill,
it is in about the same position. So that
these great interests are -held by a principle
of extension and counter extension, like a man
who has suffered an oblique fracture of the
thigh; he is pulled just as hard one way as
he is the other. If we go one way the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] gives us a
twist; if we go another the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] gives us another turn, until
our commerce is pulled so thin that it threatens
to snap at every turn the honorable Senator
from Ohio, or the honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] gives it. [Laugh-
ter.] And Senators laugh at this as though
these great interests were not to be considered
at all.
I was amazed to see the Senator from New
York stand up here and tell us that we agreed
that we would not legislate upon any such
subject as this. Sir, if Senators have made
any such .agreement, the country would like to
know it. If Senators have made an agree-
ment that these great interests shall not in
any way be legislated upon, they have trans-
cended their duties as# Senators, and 1 stand
here to say so. Sir, it is not a point of order
upon which these things turn.
The Senator from Michigan is always ready
to give the commerce of his country a dig,
when it has a right to look up to him as to a
father. He stands at the head of the Commit-
tee on Commerce. Such nursing as he gives
commerce would make a lamb freeze as quick
as if you were to throw it on an iceberg.
[Laughter.] He has been placed at the head
of the Committee on Commerce, and yet every
attempt we make to facilitate cominerce, either
by direction or indirection, he strangles, unless
it refers to a flat-bottom boat with a center-
board, on the Detroit river. [Laughter.]
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 103,
Now, Mr. President, I want to know what
we are going to do. Let the three or four
men who control these matters get together,
have a caucus, and determine whether com-
merce shall have a chance to be heard here or
not. I want to know whether this nation is
determined through its Senatorial representa-
tion to say that you shall not make an arrange-
ment to carry your mails into a distant
country because it is not exactly germane to
an appropriation bill] Sir, there is nothing
but mail in this bill. The records show what
has been done with the mail carried by this
line, and I am not to be twitted out of it by the
honorable Senator from Michigan. The
records show that from three bags at the first
start it is now up to two or three hundred,
and at one time several tons on account of
a slight delay on the overland railroad. Now
let the Senator from Vermont, or the Senator
from Ohio, or the Senator from Michigan, tell
me once for all when it will be proper for me
to mention this subject in the Senate again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest the 4th of July.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. The Senator wants the bill to
die with me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I beg pardon; I wish
you to live with the bill.
Mr. NYE. The 4th of July would be a good
day for the Senator if it was taken right end
first; but if the ship should happen to back
into her moorings he would swear it was irreg-
ular and not according to the rules of the
Senate; that commerce was a humbug, and
ought to be abolished! Anything to put it
away; anything to prevent an expression of the
Senate on the great doctrine of whether they
will extend our commerce and with it, our
Navy, or not. But we have deereed that il
shall not be done. I appeal from that decree
to a higher tribunal. 1 appeal from the decree
of three or four men who say that a subject of
this importance shall not be legislated upon.
Being a little proud of the prosperity of the
constituents of my friend from New York, I
am sorry that he undertakes to enter up such
decrees as that. When a withering commerce
and a demand for mails say "give us this,"
my honorable friend from New York says
" no," and my friend from Vermont says "you
are not regular in your entry." I do not know
but that this is all right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. NYE. That is more time than com-
merce has had yet, [Laughter.]
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I pro-
pose to sustain the Chair in its decision; and
my reasons for doing so I can state very
briefly.
This subject was elaborately discussed at
the last session, as has been well remarked
here. Had I any doubt, from the language
of the rule, that doubt would be removed after
having heard this proposition commented upon
by the distinguished Senator from Vermont.
When he admitted that it.was true that there
was one line in the bill that authorized the
amendment, he admitted much. Why did he
admit as much as he did ? Because it was too
clear for denial; and he who runs may read.
He could not raise an issue on that branch of
the subject, and therefore to weaken if he
candidly confessed "yes, so much is agreed,
but I oppose the balance."
Again, the distinguished Senator, my particu-
lar friend from New York,rebukes to some ex-
tent those who may prefer on this occasion to
differ with him; and I for one always regret
when I do have to differ with him, because I
have great confidence in his conclusions upon
every occasion. He says that good faith re-
quires that we should vote against this ruling
of the Chair; nay, wisdom likewise is invoked
on this occasion, and is said to repudiate the
idea. Now, sir, I am a friend to wisdom ; I
love wisdom; and I am not opposed to good
faith. I admire the one and love the other
just as much as the honorable Senator from
New York. That course may be good faith
upon his part; it may be all wise with him ;
but I cannot exactly see and understand the
question as the distinguished Senator does.
I hold that it is conclusively clear to my
mind that this isdirectly germane. The amend-
mentis, "that the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized and directed to extend the existing
contract for mail steamship service," &c. The
language is clear; it is not to be misunder-
stood. Therefore I shall vote- to sustain the
Chair without hesitancy.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the rule
adopted by the Senate reads thus :
"And no amendment to any such bill making
legislative provisions, other than such as directly
relate to the appropriations contained in the bill,
shall be received."
The appropriation contained in the bill is
" for steamship service between San Francisco
and the Sandwich Islands, $76,000." This
rule must admit amendments, It does admit
amendments. If you may amend this clause^
how can you amend it? You may amendilfeby
increasing or diminishing the amount, or you
may amend it by extending the distance. If
you cannot amend it in these particulars, then
you have no power to amend at all except in
regard to phraseology. That was not intended
by this rule at all.
What was the mischief that was to be reme- '
died? It was to prevent amendments being
put upon appropriation bills that were entirely
foreign; for example, that you should not put
the Drake amendment on to a Post Ofhce
appropriation bill; that you should not put a
bill to suppress the Ku Itlux upon the legisla-
tive appropriation bill—something . entirely
aside from the bill; something that nobody
could look for upon an appropriation bill. We
know that was the trouble which was to be
avoided; it was to prevent matters that had
no connection from being hitched on to an
appropriation bill. But this is every way ger- «
mane; it is in every way pertinent; and to
give the construction to the rule insisted upon
by the Senator from New York and by the
Senator from Vermont is to destroy the rule;
is to make it nousensfe, in my judgment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President,. as I
shall vote " no " upon this question, I desire
in a very few words to state why I shall do
so. If I had been in the chair myself, I should
have ruled precisely as the Chair did, follow-
ing what I think is the precedent of the Sen-
ate last year; but voting in my plaee in the
Senate whether to sustain this ruling of the
Chair, I understand myself not to be merely
voting as to whether the Chair was correct in
the ruling it made, bat whether the Senate
means to continue that construction or not;
and, in view of the five-minutes rule adopted in
this debate, it seems to me it would be in bad
faith for the Senate to entertain this amend-
ment. Therefore, while entirely approving
of the decision which the Chair made from the
chair and in the circumstances of the Chair,
I shall vote as a Senator on the floor not to
sustain that ruling.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I confess
that I am a little at a loss to know how to vote.
We had this same rule at. the last session of
Congress and amendments were then offered
of this same character, when the Senate decided
that they were in order. An amendment was
offered here in reference to the election law,
and as that amendment passed it made no
provision for the disposition of the money
appropriated by the bill; it provided that the
supervisors who were to superintend elections
throughoutthe United States were not to be paid
at all ; it was pure legislation ; and the Senate
by its PresidingOfficerandonan appeal decided
that that was competent, that you could intro-
duce upon an appropriation bill a matter so
foreign as that. Where then were the Senators
from Vermont and these other Senators who
are now insisting that this amendment is not
