1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
the pretense of care for the interests or rights
ot' the peoples comprised within the limits of
territory sought to be affected ; and that dis-
sent may be turned into positive hostility, the
pet horror ot the hour is appealed to, and
the measure is branded as a railroad scheme.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 do not so understand
it. It I believed such was the purpose, or
such could be the effect of this legislation, I
could not under any circumstances give it my
sanction. But, Mr. Speaker, I do believe
that it is within the heart and within the pur-
pose of this great people to legislate for the
Indian and to legislate for his good; and I
believe that this is possible.
Now let us come to the exact attitude in
which we find ourselves. What are the facts
to-day ? Why. sir, for forty years, under a
civilization which is called Christian, under the
tuition of the missionaries of the Christian
church, these people have been gathering to
themselves as much of civilization as they can
gather under the organization under which they
now live. Is it proved by the results of that
attempt up to this point that the past and pres-
ent methods, which it is now demanded shall
be continued forever, are of such a character
as to enable that people ever to become fit
subjects for citizenship in this country ? And
is it the purpose of the American people that
there shall be iorever the anomaly of another
sovereignty within this nation?
It is said that education and Christianity are
the cement of civilization. But, sir, labor,
industry, individual ownership of property,
attachment to hearth and home, are and ever
have been the very foundation stones of civil-
ization. Do we then propose to continue for-
ever to protect these people in the occupancy
of their lands in common? No, sir. If there
has been any mistake thus far in our treatment
ot'the Indians, it has consisted in the fact that
we have up to the present time permitted them
to pursue the policies of barbarims in the face
of civilization. Does this bill propose to ac-
complish this change? No, sir. It will not
accomplish it. It is a beginning, however,
as I believe. Give them government, such
government as we have, such government as
springs from civilization. That is the first
step. Then, as the next step, segregate their
lands, give them homes in fact, and it seems
to me, sir, that you will then have begun the
good work, the real missionary work which is
needed among these people.
Now, Mr. Speaker, much has been said about
the influence and the purposes of the "heart-
less and soulless corporations " in this matter.
Why, sir, the great corporation which has
thrust its railroad through this territory, and
which in so doing has exhausted the only rem-
nant of authority anywhere subsisting in the
nature of right of way, is prompted by every
consideration of self-interest to maintain the
existing status. Its interests must neces-
sarily be subserved by the defeat of this or
any other measure of a similar nature. So
long as this territory remains as it is, they have
the total, complete, and unchallenged monop-
oly of all the vast trade and commerce between
the Gulf on the Galveston side and the great
territory of Texas with the whole great North-
west. They desire no change. 1 scruple not
to say that the weight of corporate interest is
and will be exercised against this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to add a remark in
explanation of what I said about the railroads.
I mean it as a practical proposition for the
House to consider, that if the territory is
opened to white settlement the white people
will go in upon those lands, and will compel
the Government to take some steps to sur-
render the Indian title. By the provisions of
the law enacted in 1866, in the bills of three
several railroad companies, so soon as the
title of the Indians is relinguished that mo-
ment it merges in these railroad companies.
Now what I say is this, that if we permit that
condition of things the national Government,
under its own law passed in 1866, will be com-
pelled to rid all that country of white people.
That is what I said about the railroad prop
osition. And I hope it will be impressed upon
the mind of every member of this House that
in this legislation we are opening a Pandora's
box which we will not be able to close again.
I say that it is not within the province of
this Congress to escape this difficulty in that
way. This bill does not protect the territory
against white settlement, and the friends of
the bill urge that we have no power to do so.
If we have no power to do so, then it is time
that we were taking some step to deal with
the Indians in a way that will avoid the great
difficulty that is prophesied by those who are
wanting to get hold of these lands.
Mr. CONNER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for two minutes ?
Mr. SHANKS. I am reminded by the
gentleman from Texas rising of the fact that
the delegate from the Cherokee nation, Mr.
Adair, informed me a moment ago that he
has been charged very improperly and unjustly
with belonging to a political organization,
that of the Pins. Now, I do not know what
that is. I know something about the political
organizations of this country, but the Pins I
do not understand. It seems, however, to have
at all events some opprobrium connected with
it. The remarks which have been made charg-
ing Colonel Adair with belonging to it are not
true ; he does not and never did belong to it;
and the charges made against him are not
true. He says, on the contrary, that his
antagonist was a member of that party.
Mr. CONNER. I ask for two minutes only
to make a statement. There is but one rail-
road company that has the right of way
through the Indian territory; one connecting
the Missouri railroads with the northern Texas,
and over that road passes the entire trade be-
tween Texas and the Northwest. That road,
the Missouri, Kansas, and Texas road, run-
ning north and south, has a monopoly of
that trade. There are other roads that reach
the borders of the Indian territory and there
stop.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in all that I
shall say touching this matter 1 desire to state
to the House that I shall have reference
chiefly to those general considerations which,
in my judgment, are more powerful and ought
with us to be more conclusive than any of
these mere local questions, of which I know
very little, which appertain to the existing
conditions in the territory, the differences be-
tween the different tribes, and about secret
societies and their purposes, of which I know
nothing except what has been stated in this
debate. I shall confine myself to consider-
ations of a more public and general character
as they are presented by this bill, and as they
affect the interests and welfare of our common
country and our institutions, and our future
policy toward the Indians.
Sir, it is the first time during my experience
in this House that I have ever attempted to
address the House on the subject of Indian
policy. I have thought very much on that
policy. During the last eight years my mind
has been very frequently called to it, as the
mind of every member of the House must have
been ; and I must say, in justice to myself,
that it has never been to me a pleasant sub-
ject for reflection ; and whenever I have come
to the consideration of it, and of its strange
and deplorable results, incidents, and influ-
ences, not only on us, our people, and the
Treasury, but on the Indians generally, I have
been filled with disgust, I have been inspired
almost with detestation, for that abominable
sort of policy, if it can properly be called by
that name, which has prevailed in our Indian
relations for ten or twelve years past. Some
call it humanitarian, others the policy of peace,
love, and generosity; but it seems to me to be
none of these. It is the policy of weakness,
of mere unmanly timeserving, of maudlin
sentimentality. It has been most constantly
and grossly abused all the time by the Indians
and by white men, officers of the Government,
and others. It has afforded excuses and dis-
guises for dishonest schemes against our
Treasury; it has given innumerable oppor-
tunities for successful combinations of rascals
in and out of office to rob both Indians and
whites; it has wasted millions of money where
thousands should have answered ; it has tended
effectively to debauch and demoralize the In-
dians and the public service connected with
them; and it has disgracefully failed to attain
. the true aim and proper need of the country,
j and it is time that we should come to a halt
| and consider what it is that we have been
! doing.
j If our past conduct has failed to accomplish
j good and satisfactory results, and the Indian
management has grown more and more ex-
pensive and less and less efficient, we should
inquire why. My judgment is that no kid-
glove policy can ever succeed in the govern-
i ment of any people who are not already saints,
j Indians are not even civilized; they are wild
I and desperate in many of their ways, impulses,
i and purposes. They need to be ruled by a
| strong and steady policy, tempered always with
t justice, but never weakened by the feeble sug-
gestions of mere sentimentalism.
Now, why am I in favor of this bill ? Before
I answer that question directly, and I may in
part answer it in that way, I want the House
to allow me to state what this bill does not
propose to do, because that is the true way to
come at the true intent and purpose of gentle-
men who favor it. What is in this bill ?
Have gentlemen read it, or have they been
talking here at the wildest random? Does
this bill propose to break down, or to break
up, or to destroy the tribal relations of any of
these Indians? Not at all. There is not one
line or one word in the bill expressing any
such intent or purpose. It leaves all of those
relations entirely intact, unbroken, unaffected.
This bill does not divest a single Indian title,
not one. It does not propose to divest a
single Indian or tribe of title to an acre of
land or to anything else that they now possess
under the laws of God or man, not one. It
does not grant, or give power to grant, di-
rectly or by any indirection, now or hereafter,
any land, or interest in land, er even a right
of way, or any easement on or over land, to
anybody, or number of persons, or corpora-
tions whatever.
There is not a word in this bill that justifies
any such charge or assumption or apprehen-
sion. On the contrary, by the express lan-
guage of the bill, any such construction is ex-
cluded. It expressly declares that this terri-
torial Assembly shall have no power, by law or
otherwise, to grant one acre of the public land
or any other land to any railroad or other cor-
poration, or to any person, for the use or ben-
efit of any railroad or other corporation. It
expressly declares that the territorial Assembly
shall have no power to do any of these things,
either in the interest of any congressional cor-
poration or of any other sort of corporation.
This, then, disposes of all apprehension on
that ground.
The bill does not propose to open up this
territory to the occupation or settlement of
white men. Will any gentleman show me
one line or word in this bill that proposes
any such thing? There is not a word. It
leaves the existing laws and treaties on that
subject undisturbed and unbroken. No gen-
tleman living in Arkansas, or anywhere else,
can under this bill enter that territory and
settle there, or become a citizen, or purchase
property there, any more than he can do so
without this bill. These relations remain as
they are. If a law of Congress now forbids an
American citizen to settle in those Indian
countripp, that law remains in full force. It
