1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
language of the rule was deemed unfortunate
by the minority, and they sought by amend-
ment, when it was adopted about a week ago,
to exclude constructions such as are now
sought to be effected by the amendment offered.
Every amendment that tended to define the
construction of the rule, and to bring it to what
it was openly professed to be intended to cover,
was voted down by the Senate; and now we
have an illustration of what I must consider
the propriety of the amendments which were
offered and which the Senate saw fit to reject.
The rule is that no amendment other than
such as shall directly relate to the appropria-
tions contained in the bill shall be received.
Can it be supposed, under that language, that an
amendment which, in substance, so infireases
the amount of a temporary appropriation as
to partake of the character of general legisla-
tion, making a fixed law, which is incapable of
repeal—for I take it for granted that if the
service be extended for six years, and con-
tracts authorized under it, they cannot be re-
pealed by a subsequent Congress in case they
have been entered into in pursuance of the
amendment to this appropriation bill—is in
order ? If that be so, what a farce to speak
of this being an annual appropriation bill,
when you have fixed upon the country a sys-
tem of subsidies which no future Congress can
relieve you from until the termination of the
period fixed by this present amendment? Is
it not, and would it not be, in the fullest and
most substantial terms, an act of general legis-
lation? Would it be, in the common sense of
the term, a specific appropriation, or one that
directly related to the objects of the bill?
What is the title of your bill 1 What is the
meaning of your bill? It is the appropriation
of money for certain enumerated expenditures
during a fixed period of time, to wit, a fiscal
year. Now, how can you say that you are
carrying out the letter or the spirit of the law
when you attach to that bill an amendment
which shall entirely change the limited time
for these appropriations, and convert them into
a fixed system of national expenditure, which
you cannot, by future Congresses, avoid?
It seems to me perfectly plain that the in-
tent of this rule was to limit debate practically,
so that the multifarious subjects contained in
appropriation bills should be shortly discussed,
having been previously considered and esti-
mated for; and therefore it was intended that,
as the amounts were in general controlled, as
the objects were controlled, as they had been
subjected to the scrutiny both of Departments
and committees, there should not be long time
further speut in the Senate upon their con-
sideration. But it is a defeat of that intent
when a whole system, intended to run through
a series of years, which may not hereafter be
affected by repealing laws, is foisted upon the
appropriations for a single year, and you are
told that that is germane and is acceptable, and
cannot be debated beyond the period of five
minutes by any one in opposition, because it
does in some degree relate to the objects
affected by the appropriations.
Sir, the intention of the rule was to pre-
vent surprise; the intention of the rule was
to prevent a system of general legislation
being foisted upon an appropriation bill, a bill
of specific appropriations for a specific period,
for specific purposes. The effect of this in-
definite extension of an annual appropriation
into appropriations for a series of years will
be entirely to change the character of your
appropriation bills; and if you do adopt such
amendments the title to your bill should be
amended. It will no longer be a bill or ap-
propriations for such and such a fiscal year;
it will be a system of general legislation which
will entirely destroy the substantial meaning
and purpose for which these bills were made,
which was to furnish money to carry on the
Government and provide for the payment ot
its expenses, year by year. We have, as I
understand, a genera] act which would coyer
into the Treasury appropriations made and not
expended by a certain time. This construc-
tion would be to defeat that. If the wisdom
of Congress shall hereafter decide to embark
upon this system of subsidies as a system—
not simply the establishment of a post route
and the payment of its expenses annually,
but a system which, having once commenced
you can not retire from—then I submit it shou Id
be a matter of special legislation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FENTON. I am paired for this day
with the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] on what are known as the Brazilian
and Australian steamship subsidies. He is
opposed to them and I am in favor of them.
However, as this vote does not affect the
merits of the question, I shall take the liberty
to record my vote.
Mr. WINDOM. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.] I do not
know how he would vote on this question ; I
would vote myself to sustain the Chair; but,
as I am paired, I will not vote at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Casserly, Cole, Corbett,
Cragin. Fenton, Flanagan, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Kelly. Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt. Ramsey,
Rice, Spencer, Sprngue, Stewart, and West—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Davis,
Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, Goidthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Maclien,
Morrill of Vermont, Ransom, Robertson, Schurz,
Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbnll, and Vickers—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cvmeron, Cooper, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hitchcock, Howe,
Norwood, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sumner, Wil-
son, Windom, and Wright—20.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
amendment lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment having been received, that being the
effect of the vote just taken, the Senator
from Ohio moves that it lie on the table.
Mr. COLE and Mr. NYE called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. FENTON. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr Cameron".} If
he were here he would vote "yea" and I
should vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard. Bore-
man, Buckingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Davis, Frelinghuysen, Goidthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, JohnstoD,
Machen, Morrill of Vermont,, Patterson, Pratt.
Ransom. Robertson, Schura, Sherman, Stevenson,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Cole, Corbett, Cragm,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
•Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Sawer, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, and West.—28.
ABSENT— Messrs. Ames,Blair, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Cameron, Cooper, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Howe, Norwood, Saulsbury,
Scott, Stockton, Sumner, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—19.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. WINDOM. On page 6, line one hun-
dred and twenty-seven of section one, after
the word "times" I move to insert "after
June 30, 1873, and." That is the provision
for weighing the mails. I wish to confine the
time at which they shall be weighed to a
period after the repeal of the franking priv-
ilege takes effect; in other words, that they
shall not weigh the heavy mails in May and
June and fix the rate of carriage on that
weight. Also, to carry out the saws idea, I
move to strike out in line one hundred and
twenty-seven the words ''in eaeh contract
term " and insert " every two years,"
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What has,
the amendment reference to ?
Mr. WINDOM, I will state. The pro-
vision which is amended is: "the average
weight to be ascertained, in every case, by the
actual weighing of the mails for such a num-
ber of successive working days, not less than
thirty, and at such times, npt less frequently
than once in each contract term, andthe result
to be stated and verified as the Postmaster
General may direct." As the bill now stands
without the amendment, the Postmaster Gen-
eral may cause the mails to be weighed in May
or June prior to the taking effect of the repeal
of the franking privilege, and the railroads
may get credit for carrying a very much heavier
mail than they will if we limit it to the period
the amendment fixes. I do not suppose the
present Postmaster General would weigh them
at that time; in fact I know he would not; but
I prefer to have it in the law, so that any suc-
cessor of his, if he should ever have one, may
be required to weigh them after the 30th of
June next.
Striking out the words "each contract term"
is for another reason which I will state. As
the bill came from the House it provided that
the railroad companies should contract with
the Post Office Department for a given term
of years. We have stricken out the provision
which requires them to contract j consequently
the weighing of the mails " once in each con-
tract term" when there is no contract means
nothing, and I propose to have them weighed
once in two years.
Mr. NYE. What is the object of the weigh-
ing these mails at all ?
Mr. WINDOM. In order that the price
may be fixed, as provided in the bill for car-
rying them on the railroads.
Mr, NYE. Is there a price fixed per pound ?
Mr. WINDOM. Yea.
Mr. NYE. How much ?
Mr. WINDOM. For one thousand pounds
$100, for fifteen hundred pounds, $125,-and so .
on. There is a scale of prices according to
the weight of the mail.
Mr. NYE. I will move in due time to strike
that out.,
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota whether the expression " contract
term" is not a distinct phrase, the meaning of
which is well understood to be four years.
Why put the Postmaster General to the neces-
sity of every two years going through the ex-
tensive operation of weighing the mails ou all
the railroad routes in the United States ? I
am informed that practically this would be a
very great inconvenience.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 have no objection to
making it four years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then insert "four years."
Mr. WINDOM. I proposed to strike out
these words because the " contract term" re-
ferred to the railroad companies and we make
no contracts with them. I will modify, the
amendment by saying "four years" instead
of " two years."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the word " and"
in line one hundred and twenty-six should be
stneken out
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) That word will be
stricken out if there is no objection. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend the
bill at the end of the last line by adding:
And provided, further. That all mail matter of the
first class shall be fully prepared.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the first class
include?
Mr, RAMSEY. Letters.
Mr. SHERMAN. I askthe Senator if that
is reported from the Committee on Post Office
and Post Roads ?
Mr, RAMSEY, No, it is not.
Mr- SHERMAN. It opens up a large ques-
tion, I will call tlie attention of Senators to
