656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
will be enforced by the court and by the
Army still. This does not repeal it. Then
whence comes so much virtuous alarm ? Where
is its foundation in this measure? I cannot
find it.
This bill does not, in my opinion, propose
to violate any of the treaties that now exist
between the United States and these Indian
nations. It is only by way of courtesy that I
call them '• nations," forthey are not nations.
They have never been so held under any
policy of this Government from its foundation
to the present hour. They are not so consid-
ered under our Constitution ; they are not so
reckoned under any of the treaties which have
been made with them. They are not so treated
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
'J hey are not nations ; they are not independ-
ent peoples. They do not possess that sort of
nationality which, under international law,
entitles them to be treated with by us as inde-
pendent nations. They sustain a peculiar re-
lation to the Federal Government, sul generis
in every respect, in fact and in law. And I
say that this bill does not overthrow those
relations, limited and peculiar as they are,
does not destroy them, does not change them.
We treat with the Indians, not as equals and
sovereignties, but as children, in one sense,
and as inferiors, subjects of our country, per-
sons to be contracted with rather than treated
with. They have not, and cannot have, any
relations with foreign nations, aud they are
forbidden to make treaties even with each
other. They cannot sell their possessory title
to their lands to anybody, or to each other
in their tribal relations, or to any foreign
nation, without the express authorization of
our Government. I deny that it was ever the
true intent and meaning of the Constitution
that they should be dealt with through the
medium of formal treaties. They should
rather have been governed by mutual con-
tracts and by laws.
I now call the attention of this House to the
fact, admitted by my excellent friend from
West Virginia, [Mr. Hereford,] and never-
theless true if not admitted by him and all
others, that in nearly all of these Indian
treaties there is reserved by the Federal Gov-
ernment, in express language, the right to
enact some kind of government over these
Indians. What that government shall be is
the question about which we differ. How
shall it be exercised, to what extent shall it
go? May it embrace the provisions of a bill
like this, or one of more limited provisions ;
or shall it not embrace, any territorial organ-
ization iu name or substanee ? I think our true
legal relations with the Indians, and those
reservations in the treaties, and the settled
princi]jles of law fully justify us in enacting
this measure. Congress has a clear right to
be the judge of its duty in the premises. I
admit that in our treaty relations with the
Cherokee nation, and with one other, there
are some legal difficulties. By that I mean to
say that under those treaties it is not clear—
and in this I concur with my friend from West
Virginia [Mr. Hereforp]—that the Federal
Government has reserved to itself the right to
euact a territorial organization like that pro-
posed by this bill. I admit that that is not
clear; and with reference to those nations I
make no such assumption, but rest this bill for
authority 011 other principles of law and right.
I have already referred to those principles.
I may here state, in verification of my state-
ment concerning the reserved powers of the
United States, that when Congress by express
enactment, without the consent of the Chero-
kee Indians, extended our internal revenue
laws over their territory, and compelled them
thereby to pay certain taxes to the United
States not authorized 'by treaty, thus taxing
them in the absence of any representation
here, as well as without their consent, Con-
gress did no more than it had legal and con-
stitutional right to do. It did it in virtue of
the reserved power of civil government and
regulation and of its original sovereignty. The
Supreme Court, in the case of " The Cherokee
Tobacco," (11 Wallace, G17,) sustained that
action of Congress, enforced its jurisdiction
over that territory, compelled the payment of
the tax, and those Indians are now paying that
tax. The power of the United States to punish
crimes committed in those Indian territories
has been repeatedly asserted and always sus-
tained by the courts. Chief Justice Marshall
said many years ago, in a solemn decision,
that " the Indian territory is admitted to
compose a part of the United States. In all
our geographical treatises, histories, and laws,
it is so considered." At a later period, in
another case, Chief Justice Taney also held:
" It is the duty to expound and. execute the law as
we find it, and we think it too firmly and clearly
established to admit of dispute that the Indian
tribes residing within the territorial limits of the
United States are subject to their authority, and
where the country occupied by them is not within
the limits of one of theStates, Congress may, by law,
punish any offense committed there, no matter
whether the offender be a white man or an Indian."
Mr. MAYNARD. I beg leave to call the
attention of the gentleman to the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Holden vs. Joy.
Mr. KERR. I know the opinion to which
the gentleman refers, and have read it with
great care. I am not willing that it shall be
incorporated in this way into what I am now
saying. I will hereafter refer to its substance
and legal effect. I may as well say here that
it relates alone to an Indian land grant of
eight hundred thousand acres of land known
in Kansas as the Cherokee neutral lands,
about which one James F. Joy has for many
years past, being the owner of a railroad in
Kansas, been warring with the Indians, and
with many white men who claim to have ac-
quired adverse interests in those lands, and
appealing to Congress and the courts for the
vindication of his title. That controversy
is by no means like the one now depending
before us for action.
Mr. MAYNARD. I only wished to call the
attention of the gentleman to that portion of
the opinion of the Supreme Court in that case
which sets forth the status of the Indians as a
people.
Mr. KERR. The Supreme Court of the
United States in that case only recognized pre-
existing decisions, and held that by reason of
the peculiar facts that arose in that case and
governed it, these Indians had acquired title
to that land, and that when, with the consent
of the Federal Government, they transferred
that title to that railroad company, that trans-
fer became legal and binding. That is all
there is of that decision. It does not antag-
onize my statement of the Indian relations or
legal status.
Then why is there any difficulty in this
Cherokee treaty? It is because, in the
exercise of the treaty-making power, as it is
called, between the United States and these
Indian tribes, those who were charged with
the duty of negotiating treaties overstepped
the appropriate limits of that power iu the
negotiation of these treaties. That is what
gives us most of our difficulty now. No such
excess of power or assumption of authority
should ever have been tolerated by the coun-
try. I hold that it is a lawless assumption
of power for any commissioner appointed to
negotiate a treaty with the Indians to attempt
to go to the extent of surrendering in favor
of those Indians any part or parcel of the
sovereignty of the United States. That is not
transferable in any such way. It belongs to
the people as an inheritance, which Congress
or the treaty-making power may not lawfully
sell or surrender.
Mr. HEliEFORD. The Supreme Court of
the United States, in the case which has
already been referred to, expressly decided
that the Senate of the United States and the
President, by virtue of the treaty-making power
vested in them, have the power to sell any
part of the domain over which the United
States has jurisdiction.
Mr. KERR. I have here that opinion, and
I ask my friend to point out (if he does so i
will read it) a single paragraph or line or
word that negatives the correctness and legal
propriety of the position I have taken. That
Congress has the right by this treaty-making
power between itself and the Indians to sell
these lands I do not deny. That involves 110
sale or transfer of sovereignty, or of the power
of government or of jurisdiction.
Mr. HEREFORD. Will the gentleman
allow me to read from the decision of the
court?
Mr. KERR. No, sir. I say point out the
passage and I will read it. I do not deny the
right of the Federal Government to transfer
these lands of the United States (for all the
Indian lands at one time or another have
belonged to the people of the United States)
to private owners, or to railroad companies,
or to the States, or to schools. The moment
any such transfer is made—indeed both be-
fore and after such transfer—such lands are
subject to the laws of the Federal Govern-
ment for all the rightful purpose? of civil gov-
ernment and of sovereignty. They remain
always subject to the sovereignty of the Uni-
ted States, which is never surrendered and
cannot be surrendered. In the very nature
of things it is impossible that this Govern-
ment, through the treaty-making power, shall
reduce itself by a treaty with a band of setni-
savages, or of civilized Indians, or of barba-
rians and assassins, to anything less than a
supreme government. Any attempt to do
any such suicidal thing should be rebuked
and disregarded. The power of legislation
for the regulation, protection, and improve-
ment of the Indians has never ceased to reside
in Congress. This bill proposes to exercise a
part of that power. It does not propose to
do the Indians harm or injustice, or to put
over them a strange government, but it does
propose to organize them under the clear
authority of the Constitution by giving to them
a territorial government to be managed by
themselves, just like our Territories for white
men are managed by themselves ; and it gives
them, therefore, local self-government in fact
and in legal intendment. It is no novel or
unparalleled thing that this bill proposes. It
is at best and at worst only to treat the-e
Indians as it treats our own people, with all
the differences and advantages iu favor of
the Indians.
Mr. HEREFORD. I ask my friend from
Indiana to read what I now hand him from
the decision of the Supreme Court.
Mr. KERR. I will do so :
"Suppose that is so, still it is insisted that the
President and Senate in concluding such a treaty''—
All this relates to the eight hundred thou-
sand acres of land to which I have referred—
"could not lawfully covenant that a patent should
issue to convey lands that belonged to the United
States without the consent of Congress, which could
not be admitted. On the contrary, there are many
authorities where it is held that a treaty may convey
to a grantee a good title to such lands without an
act of Congress conferring it, and that Congress has
no constitutional power to settle or interfere with
rights under treaties except in cases purely political."
That isjust what I said; itdoes not impinge
in one word or syllable upon my proposition;
on the contrary, it directly sustains it. The
Government may sell this land in pursuance
of this power ; but with the land it can never
sell sovereignty, political control, the right of
civil government. That is the whole point in
this controversy.
I say, therefore, that every treaty ever nego-
tiated by the United States which attempts in
any way to diminish this supreme power is
but rotten and worthless paper; it deserves
the respect and support of nobody. That the
people of the United States and the States of
this Union, and the Constitution of the United
States and the civilization of the age have of
