1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
657
late years been outraged in this way in many,
m.ui> no gentleman will Jenv. Tins
business ot making Indian treatios
bt came a -- ut ot pablic and poliiic.il debauch
and piost.;a::on . you a'.! became disgusted
w.tli tt a year or two ago, and by a solemn law
declare 1 that thei,-if:er th"re" should bo no
liunan treatie-* ma k\ and you did right ; it
should ;a\e been stopped ten wars sooner.
N nv. Mr Speaker, how did we get this
1 he I nitt d States did not discover
n>'f acquire tt by discovery, as we
if.er parts ot' our couimv. We did
iy |'„iv;i.im' t'roin the I'.idians How
1 hold in inv hand a treaty
the I luted Sta'es and France
it
■n tt
1 will read the third arti-
:>.:.u:t
.'.ens necessarily —
co ant: y
it . we d
til 1 -ome o'
„v; it b
di i we get
ma ie betwt
in 1-0 ;. in wirch, and nownere else, l!"
l'ir.te.1 Stales acq ured title to tins part > t
our p!1!11 c d i111 alli.
i !e i.t that :rt a;> .
" The mha
Not cit
l'iit' mh.ibi' in!* nt -ail territory shall be inoor-
j't>ra' <--L .i; t .to I n..a. .a t.ie I'nited Slates mid ad-
ui.i't l.i- .-'Hi i- i' ,u earilni;,- to the prinei-
J : mi' l\leral C_'n>"itii;iuu, to the enjoyment
t ■ al. '.he r _r:i'~ an i av .nit i^es ami immunities
lit' oi 1^' I.- .a tae I li.led ^;.ite>, and m tlie meaii-
t.ia. •!.. > j'.i il. be maintained and protected ill the
Irtv t'... yia>ai' nt tneir liberty, property, and the
re,.--. n wbi.'b tiny prute?;-."
That is the supreme law of the land. The
Con'i^ss ot' the United States have never
at:-, mpted to repeal it. And they have no
rig'.t to repeal it. It is made thereby the
solemn obligation and duty of the Federal
Government, under the Constitution, in pur-
suance of a solemn treaty negotiated with one
of tiw gi eat treaty Powers of the earth, to go
on trom time to time, as civilization advances,
as the interests and duties of mankind are
dev. .oped, and the great highway of progress
is <>( ened up. to go on and perform this cove-
nan*. It imposes a continuing obligation aud
du"y. It is higher and more sacred and obliga-
tors tiian these Indian treaties. This bill is
a feeble beginning to travel in that direc-
tion—very feeble. I would go much further,
but rirs f r I am entirely willing to go.
Bui. Mr. Speaker, I am met with the charge
that to enact this law would be to violate
—"o viilate faith with the Indians. With
w h >m w
mid it involve
iolation of faith?
Have these Indians kept faith? Does the
secret, oath-bound, bloody organization called
the " 1'itis" keep faith? Would not they take
the scalp from the head of any one of us with
infinite gusto if we should cross their path?
There i- no taith in such people. But it is not
on tin- ground I vote for thi.s bill. I vote for
tin- bill. a.i I have said already, because it
does not violate faith. It keeps faith in that
true and high and honorable sense which
enables us—us. the rulers of this country—-to
perform our duty toward ourselves as well as
toward these Indians. It is the faith which
recognizes true duty and progress, which
reti--s to stand .still or go backward, and
demands for the good of all that we advance.
lh,3 territory lies, as a map I have before
me at this moment shows, in the very heart of
our country. It stands as it were as an im-
passable barrier and obstacle in the way of
needed American progress. Look at it on
your map, any one of you. It has on the north
Nebraska and Kansas and Iowa and Minne-
sota and Missouri, and on the east Arkansas,
and on the south Texas. It is surrounded by
a sisterhood of republics that have rights in
that territory as well as these Indians. I say
we have no right, unless we have made up our
minds that we will be recreant to our duty, to
maintain indefinitely a Chinese wall round
about the very garden spot of this continent.
We have no right to perpetuate over it a cloud
ot barbari-m. We should keep faith and do
justice toward our own race and blood as well
as toward the children of the forest. I am
told the-e Indians are now making progress in
civilization. I tell my friend from West Vir- ,
42b Cong. 3d Sess.—ISTo. 42.
ginia [Mr. Hereford] they do not produce
enough in that entire territory, over and
above their own consumption, to load one
single train of cars that might pass through it
from north to south 111 each year.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Let me ask the
gentleman from Indiana a question. Is that
statement of tlie Indian Commissioner a false
one? He states that the Cherokees alone raise
-.'.I-S.000 bushels of corn, '.IT.oOO bushels of
wheat , that they have lf>,000 horses, 17.000
cattle, lt>0,000 hogs, and '.1,000 sheep ; that they
have a school fund of $I,',)'Jo,000, with sixty
schools 111 actual operation. And that is only
one tribe of all those in the Indian territory.
Mr. MORGAN. And they are produced
by the negroes and whites, and not one bushel
by the Indians.
Mr. KERR. And that is my answer to the
gentleman. The great body of the production
111 the territory is the fruit of colored and
white—not of pure Indian—labor.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I ask if the ninth
section of an act giving lauds to the railroads
weie stricken out whether there would be
a single man her<? lobbying in favor of this bill ?
Mr. KERR. I must answer that.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Not a man
Mr. KERR. I say, Mr. Speaker, I do not
know this day there is on this continent one
human soul, here or anywhere else, lobbying
for this bill. If there is he has never ap-
proached me : he has not made himself known
to me; and it iie has to the gentleman trom
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] I hope he will name
him. I do not know it; 1 kno.v no such thing.
The gentleman from Kentucky knows as well
as I do that during eight years service here I
have manifested no .-ympathy with railroad
corporations of any sort, and have never given
them a single vote.
Air. BECK, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question? I do
not believe that a lobbyist ever approached
the gentleman from Indiana ; and if any one
were to suggest that that gentleman was open
to any such influence, I would deny it as in-
dignantly as the gentleman can do himself.
But the minority of the committee have seen
lit to report to the House that the interest
which has been manifested in regard to this
bill " springs from the fact that these lands
were granted to railroad corporations." I
want to know whether in that the minority of
the committee are telling the truth or not? I
believe they are.
Mr. KERR. A gentleman who spoke on
behalf cf the minority, I refer to the gentle
man from West Virginia, [Mr. Hereford,]
has done the gentlemen who favor this bill the
justice to say that he knows of nobody in that
committee who cherishes any purpose of that
kind, or who has any such purpose or object
or aim in view. Now, I say that all this
assumption of what it is possible that some-
body in the future may want to do, should in
no way influence the action of this House. If
a railrond company ten years hence, or five
years hence, shall entertain any purpose of
that sort, let Congress meet that contingency
when it comes. 1 assume that the Represent-
atives of the people a year hence, or ten years
hence, will be as honest as they are to-day,
will be as unpurchasable as they are now, will
be as irreproachable in their official conduct
as they are to-day. Let the members of this
House, then, without any attempt of this kind
to anticipate future attempts or propositions,
let them, I say, go on and do their duty to-day
as it pertains to them now, and leave the fu-
ture to take care of itself, as it will, in my
judgment, do quite as well as those who would
to-day seek to take care of the future. But
why does the gentleman from Kentucky refer
to the ninth section of some railroad law? He
knows very well that that law has nothing
whatever to do with this bill. He knows that
nothing in this bill can aid or assist any rail-
road company to get an acre of land in that
territory. The grant of land to which he refers
can never become worth a fig to the company
referred to until the Indian titles in this terri-
tory are forever extinguished by the LTnited
States. But this bill does not extinguish or
touch or in any possible way affect those
titles. It leaves them utterly intact aud as far
from the grasp of this railroad as they are to-
day. The reference, therefore, to that road at
all is most illogical and pointless. It ia to
excite baseless prejudice and apprehensions.
That company can never get at any lands in
that territory without a future and direct ap-
plication to Congress. When that application
is made, gentlemen can with propriety mani-
fest their indignation.
In order that the record shall contain a faith-
ful statement of the identical proposition
which 1 suDDort for the organization of this
Territory, I shall append to my remarks as
part thereof the bill as amended by me and
accepted by the committee. It is proper that
the precise measure shall accompany the
debate, and therefore with leave I incorporate
it. It reads as follows :
A bill for the better protection of the Indian tribes,
and their consolidation under a civil government,
to be called the Territory of Oklahoma.
lie it rnaettd hy the Senate and Honof liepresent-
titive* of the i'nited States of America in Congrffis
iisw'Mit/ed. That there be, and is hereby, cieated and
established within the Indian territory, hounded
as tollows, to wit, on the north by the State of Kan-
sas; on the west by the eastern boundary of the
Territory of New Mexico and the State ofTex-is;
on tae south by the northern boundary of the Slate
ot Texas: and on the east by the western bound-
aries of the States of Arkansas and Missouri, a tem-
porary government, by the name of the Terriiory
of Aklahoma.
Sec. 2. That the executive authority in and «ver
said Teiritory shall be vested in a Governor, who
shall be appointed by the President ol' the Uritcd
States, by and with tiie advice and consent ol the
Senate, and whose salary shall be $3,(XXJ per anrutn.
The Governor shall reside m said Territory, and
shall be commander-in-chief of the militia, and
shall hold his office for four years, and until his suc-
cessor shall be appointed and qualified. Ho inay
grant pardons and respites lor offenses aganrt the
laws of said Territory, and also reprieve for ot) euses
against the laws of the United States until tha
decision of the President of the United States can
be made known thereon. He shall commission all
officers who shall be appointed to office under the
laws of said Territory, and shall take care that the
laws be faithfully executed ; and in case of his ab-
sence from any cause the duties devolved upon
him shall be performed by the secretary of said
Territory.
Sec. 3. That there shall be a secretary of said Ter-
ritory appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, who shall reside
therein and hold his office for lour years, and until
his successor shall be appointed and qualified. He
shall record and preserve all laws and proceedings
of the counail and house of representatives, herein-
after constituted, and all the acts and proceedings
of the Governor in his executive department. He
shall transmit one copy ot the laws and journals of
the Legislative Assembly withinlninety days alter the
end of each session, and one copy of the executive
J proceedings and official correspondence semi-annu-
ally on tile 1st day ot January aud July in each year
to the President of the United States, and two copies
of the laws to the President of the Senate and to the
Speaker ot the House of Representatives for the use
ot Congress, and one copy to each Indian tribe
located in said Territory: Provided, That with the
first publication of the laws of said Territory shall
be embodied the Constitution of the United States,
the organic acts of said Territory, and all existing
treaty stipulations between the United States and
the several Indian tribes within the territorial limits
aforesaid.
Sec. 4. That the legislative power and authority
of said Territory shall be vested in tbeGovernurand
a Legislative Assembly. The Legislative Assembly
shall consist ol a council and house of representa-
tives. The council shall consist of thirteen members
i having the qualifications of voters as hereinaiter
prescribed, whose term of office shall continue two
years. The house of representatives shall, at its first
session, consist of twenty-six members, possessing
the same qualifications as prescribed for the mem-
bers of the council, whose term of service shall con-
tinue one year. The number of representatives may
be increased by the Legislative Assembly, from time
to time, in proportion to the increase of qualified
voters, not to exceed thirty-six, and the council, in
like manner, to eighteen. An apportionment shall
be made as nearly equal as practicable among the
several tribes, nations, or districts for the election of
the council and representatives, giving to each sec-
tion ot the Territory representation in both houses of
the Legislative Assembly, in the ratio of its qualified
voters as nearly as may be. And the members of the
council and of the house of representatives shall re-
side in aud be inhabitants of the district or county or
counties lor which they may be elected respectively.
