1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M2i
show that this bill is transferring this de-
ficiency from the Post Office Department to
some other Department of the Government.
Mr. SAWYER. No; my friend misunder-
stands the case.
Mr. CARPENTER. If that joke is not
apparent, I withdraw it. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have not been ordered on it, and the
Senator may withdraw it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. The purpose of section
three is to appropriate a sum to meet a sup-
posed deficiency in the revenues of the Post
Office Department, to meet the expenditures
Now, the object of this is to diminish that defi
ciency. The amount appropriated in that sec-
tion is a certain sum, or so much thereof as
may be necessary. Now, if a proposition
which proposes to reduce the amount thereof
that may be necessary does not relate to it, I
do not know what does.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is nothing before
the Senate. Debate is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. RAMSEY. In view of the lateness of
the hour and the possibility of getting this
matter up under better circumstances next ses-
sion, I shall not take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to under-
stand one thing my attention has not been
called to before, and that is this proviso —
Mr. COLE. Let the bill be reported to the
Senate, and then the question can be debated.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
from the chairman what provision, if any, has
been made in this bill, or in any other of the
appropriation bills that we have passed, for
the payment of postage after the 30th of June,
1873, on the mail matter sent out from the
Departments?
Mr. COLE. No provision of that kind has
been made in this bill nor in any bill that has
yet reached the Senate.. The appropriation
bills originate in the House of Representatives
generally. Whether they will provide for an
emergency of that kind ornot, I amnotadvised.
Mr. CASSERLY. I certainly think it ought
to be provided for in some of these bills in
order that the public business shall not be em-
barrassed by the impossibility of sending the
mail matter of the Departments through the
mails.
Mr. WEST. I will state to the Senator from
California that a few days ago at one of the
Departments I was informed that all the De-
partments are now making their estimates and
sending them to the Secretary of the Treasury
for the amount of money that will be required
by them for postage purposes in the coming
fiscal year; and provision for_ that purpose
will be proposed on the appropriation bill for
sundry civil expenses.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wished to call
attention to the matter. .
Mr. COLE. I have no doubt it will be em-
bodied in the bill providing for the sundry
civil expenses of the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended. . _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to reserve the
amendment in reference to the increased com-
pensation to railroads for postal cars.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want a vote on the
amendment inserting % J?®'R™-1,80'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Two amend-
ments have been reserved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us take them all
rThePRESroiNG OFFICER. The amend-
ments will beaded on separately at the request
of the Senator from Vermont. The Secretary
will read the first amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole was in
line thirty-six of section one, to insert the
words "not less than" before the words
"twenty thousand."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
Of the Whole was to insert the following
proviso after line forty of section one:
Provided, That all persons usually receiving their
mail by the free-delivery system shall provide at
their dwellings, offices, or places of business, proper
receptacles for a safe, economical, and speedy de-
livery of their mail matter.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That is an amend-
ment in which I hope the Senate will non-
concur, and I will make a single remark on
the subject.
The amendment requires that " all persons
usually receiving their mail by the free-deliv-
ery system shall provide at their dwellings,
offices, or places of business, proper recepta-
cles for a safe, economical, and speedy deliv-
ery of their mail matter." One objection to
that is that a person must make a provision
which will deface his premises. He must
either cut a hole in his door and provide a
box for the reception of his letters there or
let them fall upon his floor, or he must pro-
vide a box and place that upon his door, or
upon his door-post, or upon some other post
near his door. That would be to my mind
defacing the premises and positively injurious
to the property of the owner.
Another objection to it is that it requires
all such persons to go to this expense. They
cannot do it and have thething decently orna-
mental without the expense being very great
as a whole—too much, it appears to me, to
impose upon the public by such a provision
as this.
Again, the object is to facilitate the delivery.
I should be very glad to have anything done
that would aid the Post Office Department in
delivering letters with the greatest prompt-
ness; but I submit that if this provision
remains in the bill it will not secure that
object. I appeal to any Senator here if he
would not put this box back of his house
rather than in front, if it is to have such an
effect as I claim. I would inquire if there is
a Senator here that, if he was required to
perform that duty, would not make a provision
for the reception of his letters at such a point
that it would actually take more time for the
carrier to deliver them than it would to
deliver them in the ordinary way ? It appears
to me that it is a provision not proper to be
made now.
Mr. COLE. The objection made by the
Senator from Connecticut may be based some-
what upon his imagination, and I rather think
it is. There is nothing in the amendment that
would require him to mar the black walnut or
rosewood or mahogany door of his dwelling.
It merely provides that persons receiving the
mail by carriers shall.provide at their dwell-
ings, offices, or places of business, proper re-
ceptacles for the safe, economical, and speedy
delivery of the mails by these mail-carriers.
It is to be believed in the first place that
those who rcceive their mails by carriers have
no box in the post office. If they have a box
in the post office their letters are put in that
box, and that would cost them say from two
to ten dollars a year. They, however, regard
it as more convenient for them to receive^ their
letters at their dwellings. Now, what is the
fact? The carriers delivering these letters
are delayed very much by waiting a long time
at the doors of residences for the attendant to
come and receive a letter, and the delivery of
letters is in that way very much delayed and
the necessity of a larger iorce is the result m
each city where the free delivery exists. It is
the easiest thing in the world for any person
to put up a little box, even upon his gate-post,
or at the back door if he pleases, anywhere
where he desires it, iu order that the mail-
carrier may deposit the letter there and go on
with his labors, and so get around in a reason-
able time. The delay that results from the
slow approach of those who receive letters in
dwellings has been complained of very much,
and it is something that should be remedied.
If they desire free delivery let them provide.®
little box or some convenience tor the recep-
tion of letters. If they choose to make a hole
in the door through which a letter may be
dropped, well enough. Some may desire to
make it in that form and have the box inside.
There is nothing compulsory as to th,e kind
of box that shall be provided. We only ask
that there shall be some way provided by
which the letters may be disposed of without
waiting a long time and .delaying other people
in the receipt of their letters. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask one
question, and that is whether this amendment
goes to the exclusion of the delivery of the
mail unless these boxes are provided ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That will be the effect.
Mr. COLE. Many persons prefer to receive
their letters at the post office, and boxes are
provided there for which the man accommo-
dated pays rent.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that. I am
not making an objection, but I think there
ought to be some provision in this repect:
there are a great many poor people who can-
not afford to provide boxes and who cannot
rent boxes in the post offices; and if they
should be excluded from the delivery it would
be an objection to the proposition, in my mind,
Mr. WINDOM. This free mail-carrier sys-
tem is a tax upon the people of the whole
country for the benefit of a portion of" the
country. The rural districts pay and the
whole country pays $1,600,000 in order that
the people living in cities of over twenty thou-
sand inhabitants may have free mail delivery.
People living in towns of ten thousand inhabit-
ants or in a city under twenty thousand are
compelled to have a post office box costing
them from three to five dollars a year.
Mr. COLE. Ten dollars.
Mr. WlNDOM. Ten dollars in some places.
This proposition simply requires a box or re-
ceptacle of any kind to be provided by this
favored class of people for whom over a mil-
lion and a half dollars are expended.
It is said by the honorable Senator from
Connecticut that it will mar the doors of their
houses. I want to say to that honorable Sen-
ator that if his constituents live in such fine
houses that a box at the door post or near the
door would mar them, they are able to get
ornamental boxes that would really be an
ornament to their houses. In answer to the
Senator from Illinois, who suggested that a
box would be expensive to poor people, let
me say that it would cost very little to cut a
hole in the door. If the receiver of the letter
is so poor that he cannot afford a box, it is
very likely that he lives in a house that a lit-
tle hole in the door would not hurt, and he
can receive his mail.
Now, sir, I say that when the whole people
are taxed to afford special advantages to a por-
tion, it is only fair that that portion of the
people thus benefited should be willing to
afford such receptacles for their mail matter
as will lessen the expense of delivering it.
The Committee on Appropriations was in-
formed by those best advised on that subject
that it takes one half the time of the mail car-
riers to wait for servants to come to the door
when the bells are rung, and I think we can
very largely reduce the expenditures for the
free-delivery system hereafter by requiring
these receptacles which works a hardship to
nobody and which is only fair from those
persons receiving these special attentions.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
it seems to me that this is imposing an expense
on the people of the country, not by way of
taxation, but an expense upon the people
