1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
when the bell is rung by the carrier, he is in-
formed that the person to whom the letter is
directed has moved to such a place of resi-
dence, and of coarse it is a great convenience
that he should be informed where the person
has moved, that he may deliver it upon his
route. That is one of the important things
that it is necessary for these carriers to do, to
deliver letters to parties who may have moved
from one boarding-house to another. But if
boxes were provided, they would not ascertain
that persons had moved or changed their resi-
dences.
The suggestion of the Senator from Minne-
sota that this system is an expense paid by a
portion of the people to accommodate those
of the cities, it seems to me is not well taken,
because it is from the cities that we get the
great revenue from the delivery of the mails;
it is from the great cities that we receive the
principal amount of postage; and of course in
the distant portions of the country like the
State in which the Senator resides and that in
which I reside, a much greater cost is incurred
for the delivery of letters. So far as I am
concerned, I am willing to furnish the cities
with these conveniences. I believe it is proper
and right that they should have such a system
of delivery. I believe it is agreat convenience
to them. For various reasons it seems to me
that the better way is that the letter should be
delivered by the carrier, and he should ascer-
tain whether the person to whom the letter is
addressed still occupies that particular place
of residence, so that if he has moved away,
he may be enabled to deliver it at the proper
place.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The honorable Sen-
ator from New York is quite right when he
says that this system of delivery is an expensive
one, and that furnishing boxes would hasten
the delivery. It is true that the free-delivery
system costs the people money; but what do
they get for it? Those who receive their
letters through this system are accommodated
and benefited by it, and we pay this cost for
the purpose of benefiting them. Now, the
proposition is to impose a tax upon those
people as provided by this provision in the
bill, which diminishes the benefit they would
receive. I submit to the honorable Senator
and the Senate whether, if we are to carry out
this system, it is not better to carry it out so
that the benefits will reach all, and that can
be done by increasing the force of the Post
Office Department, and that, to my mind,
would be not only a better way, but a more
economical way than that provided in this
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to •detain the
Senate by a discussion of this matter, but I
desire to make a suggestion in reference to it.
To a certain extent, I do not object to this
proposition. But let me mention one fact.
In the city in which I live, for instance,
Chicago, the post office is located on one side
of the city, and the different parts of the
city are in some instances three, four, and five
miles away, which would make it very inconven-
ient for those persons who might be excluded
from actual delivery by this proposition. 1
should object to it for that reason among others.
I ask, therefore, whether an amendment ot
this kind would not be acceptable for the
purpose of calling the attention of the persons
who receive mail malter to this fact in order
to facilitate delivery:
Thft Postmaster General shall instruct the post-
masters in eities where the free-dehvery system
obtains to recommend to
delivery, to prepare a box m which. to have
mail matter deposited.
This would be a mere recommendation so
that the people interested might thus get this
thing up without the inconvenience that might
accrue to many of the citizens of the city, so
far as I am concerned I would agree to a prop-
osition of this kind, but I would not support
the proposition in the bill, for I know it would
be inconvenient to many citizens, it the
committee will accept what I have read, I will
support such a proposition very cordially.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall have a vote
on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois offer an amendment?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir, I offer this as a
substitute for the pending proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the substitute.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have it read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out a portion of the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole and to insert the
following:
The Postmaster General shall instruct the post-
masters in cities where the free-delivery system
obtains to recommend to persons receiving mail by
delivery to prepare a box in which to have their
mail matter deposited.
The question being put on the amendment
to the amendment, a division was called; and
there were twenty-nine ayes.
Mr. WINDOM. I demand the yeas and nays
on suchahumbugasthisis. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. ANTHONY, (at five o'clock and five
minutes p. m.) If we are to have the yeas
and nays on a matter of this sort, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on concurring in the amendment
as amended.
Mr. WINDOM. Is it now in order to move
to lay the amendment as amended on the
table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WINDOM. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Chief Clekk. The next amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole was in
line seventy-one to strike out " two hundred "
and insert " onehundred and eighty," so that
the clause will read, "for mail-bags and mail-
bag catchers, $180,000."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has become of the
preceding amendment on page 4 ? The next
amendment I think is on page 3 in the clause
"for the manufacture of postal cards, $167,-
000," and the amendment is to strike out
" sixty-seven."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor is correct. The next amendment is on
page 3.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is on page 3, after line forty-four of section
one, to insert:
And for the more efficient organization of the
free-delivery system the Postmaster General may
designate one of the present fourth-class dorks to act
as superintendent of free delivery m the Post Office
Department, at an annual salary of $3,500: Provided,
That the salafy hereby fixed shall terminate at the
end of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that mean ?
Does it mean that we are going to create a new
office in the Post Office Department on the
subject of the free delivery, which is merely m
each one of the several cities under the charge
of the postmaster there?
Mr. CONKLING. It means that we are to
call him by a new name and give him more
Pa£r. EDMUNDS. Then I am not for it.
Mr. RAMSEY. His duties are very large
and very responsible. This matter was very
fully discussed when the bill was in commit-
tee, and I hope'there will be no necessity for
going over the same ground again. The Sen-
ate then resolved to sustain the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire if these
carriers are regarded as in the postal service ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Of course they are. Ks,
soldiers are considered in the military service,
so letter-carriers are a part of the postal
service.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire if a list
of them is kept here?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. Cannot a clerk attend to these
matters as well as a man who gets $2,500 a
year?
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a great deal of
correspondence among these people, and all
their accounts pass under the inspection of the
Post Office Department.
Mr. NYE. That does not make him any
less a clerk, or more of a man,
Mr. RAMSEY. No; but his duties are
more elevated and more responsible under this
bill, and so it has been deemed proper to give
him a somewhat higher rank, and this simply
increases his pay. His duties are very largely
increased by the provisions of this bill.
Mr. NYE. How? All he has got to do is
to work all day, during the hours that are fixed,
and he will not work a bit longer or harder if
you increase his pay.
Mr. RAMSEY. In this bill you extend the
free delivery to probably twenty cities more
than heretofore. There are already fourteen
hundred and fifty letter carriers I believe,
and this will advance the number probably
some hundreds more.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know that I under-
stand this proposition exactly, but I believe
the object is to make a head to the carrier sys-
tem. As I understand the manner in which the
delivery system is carried on, there is a head
in each city. It is like mustering so many
men to perform certain duties in the Army ;
the beats and the work are all laid out and they
are directed what to do. That service requires
a head just as it is necessary to have a head to
any force of men for the purpose of having the
service efficiently performed. If the object is,
as I suppose it to be, to provide for some per-
son who shall take charge of the correspond-
ence with these parties at the heads of the
force in different cities for the purpose of keep-
ing up the best organization and the best
system that can be adopted, I think it a very
good one. I know there are many things about
post office deliveries which would render it very
important to have some person at the head of
that branch of the service.
The Senator from New York spoke of a
skilled person. That is exactly the person
that is wanted here, a skilled person, a person.
who understands the system. Take the postal
car system, for instance, which has been es-
tablished within a short time, and no advance
equal to it has been adopted in this country
for years in the delivery of postal matter, and
it is necessary to have a skilled person to
superintend that business. I presume this is
a part of some plan to be carried on a partic-
ular system. In my judgment it will reduce
the expense of the Government, and certainly
facilitate the delivery of the mails in all parts
of the country. If that be the theory of it I am
in favor of the amendment, because I think it
is proper.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will state to the Senator
that that is the theory.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I am for it. I think
it is proper.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to prolong
this debate, for this subject was very fully
discussed in committee, although the Senate
was then thin; but the simple proposition is
to give the Postmaster General authority to
allow an increased compensation, to the amount
of $700, to the fourth-class clerk who has
charge of this free-delivery business, whose
duties are largely increased by this bill, and
who has the practical disbursement of seven-
teen or eighteen hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That Department is one
of the places in this free Republic where every
time you undertake to do anything with your
present organization, and you have got it
started, you must provide a new office with a
new name, and a fresh increase of salary, in
order to give dignity to the occasion. The
