1813.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
eight dollars per month, from and after the
passage of this act.
Apmioved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act granting a Pension to
John Green wait.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of John Greenwalt, late a pri-
vate in company P, twelfth regiment of Illinois
volunteers.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXCV.—An Act for the Relief of Henry
Goldhammer.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to issue a duplicate check to Henry
Goldhammer, for the sum of eighty dollars, in
lieu of a lost original check for that sum issued
by W. M. Fleming, assistant paymaster of the
United States, at Atlanta, Georgia, on the sev-
enth day of November, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, upon satisfactory evidence of the
loss of the original elieek, and upon the execu-
tion and delivery by said Goldhammer of such
bond, with sureties, to indemnify the United
States, as is provided by an act entitled "An
act to authorize the payment of duplicate checks
of disbursing officers," approved February
second, eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXCVI.—An Act for the relief of
William Schilling and Company, of Balti-
more, Maryland.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to William Schilling and Com-
pany, of Baltimore, Maryland, outofany money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of nine hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars and fifty cents, in full for internal revenue
tax collected from them on certain distilled
spirits on or about the twenty-eighth day of
October, one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-eight, said spirits having been destroyed
by fire on the day following before the proper
stamps had been affixed.
Approved, February 24, 1873.
Chap. CXCVII.—An Act for the Relief of
William Webster, of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary or the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed and
required to pay to William Webster, of Maine,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, the sum of four thousand
two hundred and eight dollars and thirty-three
cents, the same being due him for building
and keeping in repair a wharf within the mili-
tary district of Virginia, under a contract with
the quartermaster's department, at fortress
Monroe, during the late rebellion.
J. G. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
SCHUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the oenate.
Received by the President February 12,1873.
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
Presidentof the United States for his approval,
and not having been returned by him to the
House of Congress in which it originated within
the time prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, has become a law without his
approval.]
Chap. CCIII.—An Act for the Relief of Henry
B Mears.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral is hereby directed to pay to Henry B.
Mears, late a first lieutenant in the thirty-
sixth regiment of Indiana volunteers, out of
any money appropriated or that may be ap-
propriated for the pay of the Army, the full
pay and emoluments of a first lieutenant of
infantry in the Army of the United States,
from the fourteenth day of December, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, to October nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, deduct-
ing therefrom any sum received by him for
services rendered during said period in the
Army of the United States.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Qhap. CCIV.—An Act for the'Relief of John
B. Emerson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to John B. Emerson, or his legal
representatives, the sum of twenty-five thou-
sand six hundred and ten dollars, to be received
in full satisfaction for any and all claim of the
said John B. Emerson, for an infringement by
the United States of his letters-patent dated
March eighth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
four.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chap. CCV.—An Act to restore certain Prop-
erty to Phineas Banning and Benjamin D.
Wilson.
Whereas Phineas Banning conveyed to the
United States of America, by deeds dated
October thirty-first, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and February twenty-eighth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-five, certain lands in
the town of Wilmington, or New San P™r°>
in the county of Los Angeles, State of Cali-
fornia, and said Phineas Banning and Benja-
min D. Wilson conveyed to the United States,
by deed dated February twelfth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, certain other lands in said
town for the sole and only consideration of
one dollar ; and whereas said premises are not
devoted or at all necessary to any public use.
Now therefore
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and there
is hereby, reconveyed and quitclaimed to
Phineas Banning those three certain pieces ot
land situate in the town of Wilmington, county
of Los Angeles, State of California, hereto-
fore donated by the said Phineas Banning to
the United States of America, two ot said
pieces on the thirty-first day of October, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, by deed of that
date, recorded in book six ot deeds, page two
hundred and eighty-six, records of said Los
Angles county, and the third of said pieces
on "the twenty-eighth day of February, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-five, by deed of that
date, recorded in book seven of deeds, page
one hundred and twenty-two, records of said
Los Angeles county.
Sec. 2. That there be, and there is hereby,
reconveyed and quitclaimed to Pbmeas Ban-
ning and Benjamin D. Wilson, as tenants m
common, that certain piece of land situate jn
the town of Wilmington; county of Los Ange-
les, State of California, donated by the said
Phineas Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson to
the United States of America on the twelfth
day of February, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, by deed of that date, recorded in book
six of deeds, page three hundred and eighty-
seven, records of said Los Angeles county.
Sec. 3. This act shall not take effect and the
surrender of said premises shall not be made
by the United States to Phineas Banning and
Benjamin D. Wilson, until the Secretary of
War shall have disposed of the buildings
thereon ; and the Secretary of War is author-
ized to remove said buildings, or to sell the
same, us shall be most for the interest of the
United States.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chap. CCVI.—An Act granting a Pension
to James McAfee.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of James McAfee, late a pri-
vate in company E, fifth regiment Michigan
volunteers.
Approved, February 25, 1873.
Chap. CCIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Henry E. Janes.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to pay
to Henry E. Janes, late a private in company
B, third regiment Virginia volunteers, after-
wards, by consolidation of parts of regiments,
a private in company B, sixth regiment West
Virginia cavalry, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of two hundred and ninety-six dollars, being
the amount of back pay and original bounty
withheld from him at the time of his discharge,
together with the additional bounty of one
hundred dollars, provided by the act of July
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
which additional bounty has never been paid
to him.
Approved, February 27, 1873.
Chap. CCXII.—An Act for the Relief of Rob-
ert K. Enbody.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Paymaster Gen -
eral of the Army be, and he is hereby, directed
to pay to Robert K. Enbody, late a private in
company I, of the one hundred and eighteenth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, the full pay,
allowances, and bounty of a private soldier,
from the seventeenth day of November eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-three, to the first day
of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, with
commutation of rations while a prisoner of
war ; deducting therefrom all payments made
to said soldier, on account of service named
therei"' J. G. BLAINE,
Sveaker of the House of Representatives.
SCIIUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United States
and President of the Senate.
Received by the President February 17, 1873.
[Note by the Department op State.—The
foregoing act having been presented to the
