1624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Postmaster General has competent powers
now and clerks enough to attend to this free-
delivery business without saddling the Treas-
ury with a new officer with a new name, and
with an addition to his salary. The clerk
who has this business in charge does not have
to work a bit harder than other clerks of the
same class who get the same pay.
They all work daring basiness hours, and
are supposed to work well, as I have no doubt
they do. That is the presumption. But the
idea that because here is a particular branch
of service that has to be attended to, as there
are a thousand others, by somebody, you are
to elevate a man into a fresh dignity and create
a fresh office and make a fresh salary is, in
my opinion, totally unfounded.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is entirely in
error in supposing that it creates any new
office. It is simply giving an increased com-
pensation for the performance of duties which
an individual now performs, in consequence of
increased duties being placed upon him ; but
the amendment is so drawn as to specifically
prevent the creation of a new office.
Mr. CONKLING. But my honorable friend
answers the only argument that has been made
in favor of this proposition, that by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, who said that the object was
to get skilled talent, to acquire the use of some
talent which otherwise you could notget. That
was a very strong suggestion. Now the Sen-
ator from South Carolina answers him fully
when he says it is not the purpose to employ
anybody else, to bring in any new or additional
or different person, but to confer upon one and
the same person a new title and more pay.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word'?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have but two words
to say myself, if you please. [Laughter. ]
Mr. President, I wish to compliment my
distinguished friend from Vermont. I recolleet
very well that half an hour since he remarked
that he lived upon a high hill, upon a bleak
mountain. Well, sir, it is not gratifying to me
toknowthathe is so very unpleasantly situated.
I invite him to come down to Texas, in whose
broad fields he can find a beautiful place for a
residence without having the trouble to go up
on that high hill, [Laughter.]
But, sir, the point I desire to make is this:
in the Senator's country the population is
compact and dense. Therefore, he may readily
arrive at the conclusion that it is unnecessary
to contemplate the idea of additional officers
ever being appointed hereafter in this great
Republic. If he were living in the West oriu
the South, he would arrive at a different con-
clusion. Sir, the time is not far distant when,
instead of forty million people, as we have to-
day, there will be one hundred millions within
the boundaries of this nation; and if forty
million people require so many officers, look
at the pro rata that one hundred millions will
require, and where shall wo be? Sir, it is out
of the question, in my opinion, to object to a
measure at this day simply because it provides
for the creation of an additional office. Such
objections are not very sound, in my humble
opinion. We must progress, and notwithstand-
ing my friend may live upon a bleak mount-
ain, he must come down and be a man of
progress and go with us of the far West in
support of the measures that are necessary
in contemplation of the prosperity and per-
petuity of this great country.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion before the Senate is whether a clerk who
now receives $1,800, being charged with a
very responsible duty, shall receive $2,500. It
is a question of $700. And now, after having
heard the argument in favor of progress by
our friend from Texas, I hope we shall be
allowed to vote on this $700 question. That
is all there is of it,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If I understand the
question, it is something like this: the free-
delivery system has increased in such a man-
ner that it requires the person having charge
of it to perform more duty and a higher duty
than he performed when the service was leas.
It is like the organization of a regiment. You
gather men together in a camp and organize a
company, and you call the commander a cap-
tain, and he may have the command of the
camp, but when you get sufficient companies
together to organize a regiment you will need
a colonel, and although you might keep that
regiment under the control of a man whom
you would call a captain, I submit it would
not be advisable to do so. The free-delivery
system has come up to that position in which
we ought to place at the head of it a colonel,
and with a colonel's pay, whether you call him
captain or colonel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in; there
being on a division—ayes 25, noes 16.
The Chief Clerk. The nest amendment
is on page 4, line sixty-two 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has become of the
amendment at the foot of page 3, for the
manufacture of postal cards ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
disagreed to in committee.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole was on
page 4, line sixty-two of section one, to strike
out "fourteen" and insert "seven," so as
to make the appropriation " for pay of dis-
tributing agents and assistants" $7,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 4, line sixty-
five of section one, in the clause " for pay-
ments an account of mail depredations and
for special agents " to increase the appropri-
ation from $100,000 to $103,425, and also
to add:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to appoint one additional special agent, to be em-
ployed in detecting and punishing persons engaged
in sending immoral or obscene matter through tbe
mail in violation of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions how many special agents the Post Office
Department has now?
Mr. COLE. I believe there are a little
upward of fifty special agents already in the
employment of the Post Office Department.
Mr. STEVENSON. Fifty-two.
Mr. COLE. They have their specific duties
and the places in which to perform them.
The one provided for here is not for any par-
ticular locality, but for duty which will take
him over different portions of the United
States, and in different localities occupied by
others, in which the duties of those others are
being performed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
to say that all these fifty-two special agents are
now specially assigned to localities?
Mr. COLE. I would not say that they are.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are there not a good
many general special agents ?
Mr. COLE. I would not say that they are
confined to localities, but I believe they are as
a rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As a rule?
Mr. COLE. Generally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose we have ten
general special agents now ; suppose we have
twenty ; is there anything in the law which
forbids these existing officers to take pains in
looking after the state of obedience to law in
the transmission of postal matter ? Is there
anything in the existing law which forbids
them to exclude from the mails the sort of
stuff that this amendment points at?
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from California a question. He stated there
were "a little upward of' fifty" of these agents.
1 ask what that precise number means.
Mr. THURMAN. There are fifty-nine
exactly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I can answer that
question. It is on the same principle that
ladies, and it may be said of unmarried men,
when called upon to testify in court and asked
their age, say they are " thirty and upward,"
which goes from thirty to a hundred, as we all
understand. [Laughter.] Some one says there
are fifty-two of these agents; somebody eke
says fifty-nine. Perhaps the number is flexible
according to the nature of the case; perhaps
it ought to be. But my point is, in all serious-
ness, without any joke about it—of coarse
this is not a great matter, but a great many
small matters make a great matter when yoa
foot up the sum total of this bill—that the
general special agents, as they are called I be-
lieve, of the Post Office Department, can be
intrusted, and I have no doubt they are now
intrusted, if the Post Office Department is
administered as it ought to be, and I have no
doubt on this point it is, with this duty of see-
ing that there is not allowed to be carried iu
the mails any of the things that the law pro-
hibits ; and if this is a provision for making an
additional officer when the present force is
competent to do the duty, then we ought not
to adopt it. Although, as I say, in and of
itself it is not a large matter, yet a great many
small matters, as I said a moment ago, make
up the sum total of millions that the people
have to pay.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clause
will be read as it now stands in the bill, so
that it may be understood.
The Chief Clerk. The clause now reads:
For payments on acconnt of mail depredations
and for special agents, $160,009.
Mr. WEST. That is right.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 4, line seventy-one
of section one, to strike out "two hundred"
and insert " one hundred and eighty ;" so that
the clause will read :
For mail-bags and mail-bag catchers, $180,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 5, lines one hun-
dred and seven, one hundred and eight, and
one hundred and nine, of section one, to
strike out the following clause:
That the proprietors of railroad routes shall exe-
cute contracts in due form for the faithful perform-
ance of the service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee to tell us why that
clause was stricken out. I am unable, in
reading it over, to
stay in
Mr. ANTHONY,
make them do it?
Mr. EDMUNDS.
see why it should not
How are you going to
How are you going to
make them contract to carry the mail at all?
Mr. ANTHONY. They do not.
Mr. WINDOM. The chairman of the com-
mittee has indicated a wish that I should make
a statement as to the reason why this clause
was stricken out. It was stricken out because
it is impossible to compel tbe railroad compa-
nies to contract for this service. The railroad
companies hold that the Postmaster General
has no right by contract to regulate their time-
table—whether they shall run a train twenty,
thirty, or thirty-five miles an hour and they
will make no contracts that will give to the
Postmaster General the control of their run-
ning time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That would be a good
answer to this question if it related to the
clause at all ; but the clause is merely " that
the proprietors of railroad routes shall execute
contracts in due form for the faithful perform-
ance of the service;" that is, for whatever
