662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
rfi:cSAGE Pltott TOE HOtJSE.
A message froixl the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersoN, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. ft. No. 17071 for the relief of
George D. Blakey, late collector of the sec-
ond district of Kentucky;
A bill (H. R. No. 3088) to extend for four
years the act establishing the board of commis-
sioners of claims and the acts relating thereto;
A bill (H. R. No. 3166) for the relief of
William Bayne, trustee, &c.;
A bill (H. R. No. 3505) to establish a post
road;
A bill (H. R. No. 3506) for the relief of
John Miller;
A bill (H. R. No. 3509) for the relief of
John O'Kelley;
A bill (H. R. No. 3510) for the relief of
the heirs of S'eth Lamb ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3511) for the relief of
Jamefi Coats, of Jackson, Mississippi.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (8. No. 1172) for the relief
of Levi J. Powell.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 760) for the
relief of Beverly M. Botts, Rosalie 8. Lewis,
Isabella McLean Lewis( and Mary Mitior
Hoxey, children, and heirs-at-law of John M.
Botts, deceased, with an amendment-, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
fckESIDBNTlAL, ELECllO" S.
the VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar,
under the Anthohy rule, being under consid-
eration, the Senator from Indiana has obtained
consent of the Senate to speak on the follow-
ing resolution, which will be reported by the
Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
llenolved. That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections De instructed to examine and report, at
the next session of Cotigress, upon the best and most
practicable mode of electing the President and Yiee
President, and providing a tribunal to adjust and
decide all contested questions connected therewith,
With leave to sit during vacation.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Con-
stitution provides that the President and Vice
President shall be chosen by electors to be
appointed by the State. It declares that—
"Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors,
'equal to the whole number of Senators and Kepre-
sentatives to which the State may be entitled in the
Congress."
The appointment of these electors 5s thus
placed absolutely and wholly with the Legis-
latures of the several States. They may be
chosen by the Legislature, or the Legislature
fa ay provide that they shall be elected by the
people of the State at large, or in districts as are
members of Congress, which was the case form-
erly in many States ; and it is no doubt com-
petent, for the Legislature to authorize the Gov-
ernor, Or the supreme court of the State, or any
other agent of its will, to appoint these electors.
This power is conferred updri the Legisla-
tures of the States by the Constitution of the
United 8tafes, and cannot be taken from them
br modified by their State constitutions any
more than can their power td elect Senators
bf the United States. Whatever provisions
taay be made by statute, or by the State con-
stitution, tdchoose electors by the people, there
is no doubt of the right of the Legislature to
resume the power at any time, for it can
beither be taken away nor abdicated. In the
fearly presidential elections the electors were
chosen in many States by the Legislatures, and
as late as 1824, in Delaware. Georgia, South
Carolina, Louisiana, New York, artd Ver-
mont, they were chosen by the Legislatures,
and South Carolina continued this practice tip
to the war of the rebellion.
NO TRIBUNAL FOE DISPUTED ELECTORS.
It will thus be seen that the mode of choos-
ing the electors Is placed entirely beyond the
power and jurisdiction of the national Gov-
ernment, and whatever disorders, irregular-
ities, or failures in the appointment of elect-
ors may occur in any of the States, they are
entirely without remedy or redress upon the
part of the Government of the United States.
All of the States now by the enactments of
their Legislatures provide that the electors
shall be chosen at large by the qualified voters
of the State ; but in no State, I believe, is
there any legal provision made for the settle-
ment of any contest that may arise in regard
to such election. Though the election of
electors may have been marked by the most
monstrous and palpable frauds, entirely sub-
verting the will of the people, or though a
large portion of the people may have been
prevented from voting or controlled in their
action by violence and disorder, yet, so far as
I know, there is not in any State any provis-
ion for settling such a contest and setting aside
fraudulent returns. Every State provides by
law for contesting the elections for Governor
and other State officers and members of the
Legislature, but no provision is made for con-
testing the election of electors ; and whatever
returns shall be made up, although produced
in whole or in part by fraud or violence, must
stand and the vote be counted upon them if
returned in time.
DANGERS IN FUTURE.
There is imminent danger of revolution to
the nation whenever the result of a presiden-
tial election is to be determined by the vote of
a State in which the choice of electors has
been irregular or is alleged to have been car-
ried by fraud or violence, and where there is
no method of having these questions examined
and settled in advauce—where the choice of
President depends upon the election in a State
which has been publicly characterized by fraud
or violence, aud in which one party is alleged
to have triumphed and secured the certificates
of election by chicanery or the fraudulent in-
terposition of courts. Such a President would
in advance be shorn of his moral power and
authority in his office, would be looked upon
as a usurper, and the consequences that would
result from such a state of things no man can
predict. But it may be compared to what has
so often occurred in history, where the suc-
cessor to the crown in a monarchy was believed
by a large part of the natiou to be illegitimate,
or not to be rightfully entitled thereto under
the laws or usages of the nation. We have
seen how in all ages there have been numerous
bloody and destructive revolutions arising from
such causes, and the conviction on the part of
the people that the reigning monarch was not
entitled lawfully to the crown. It is the part
of wisdom in a monarchy to avoid such contin-
gencies, if possible, by settling definitely the
rightful descent of the crown j and in republics
there ought to be such machinery of govern-
ment provided that it would seem to be impos-
sible that any man should ever reach the pres-
idential chair who was not legitimately chosen
thereto.
THE PRESENT MACHINERY.
The Constitution provides that Congress
may determine the time of choosing the elect-
ors and the day on which they shall meet in
the several States and cast their votes, which
day shall be the same throughout the United
StateB. It further provides that'' the electors
shall meet in their respective States, and vote
by ballot for President aud Vice President,
one of whom at least shall not be an inhabit-
ant of the same State with themselves. They
shall name in their ballots the person voted for
as President, aud in distinct ballots the person
voted for as Vice President, and they shall
make distinct lists of all persons voted for as
President, and of all persons voted for as Vice
President, and of the number of votes for each,
Which lists they shall sign and certify, aud
transmit sealed to the seat of the Government
of the United States, directed to the President
of the Senate. The President of the Senate
shall, in the presence of the Senate and House
of Representatives, open all the certificates,
and the votes shall then be counted.
THE HOUSES MERE WITNESSES.
The Constitution provides that the President
of the Senate shall be the depositary of the
electoral votes of the States, and that he
"shall, in the presence of the Senate and
House of Representatives, open all the cer-
tificates, and the votes shall then be couuted."
It has been generally conceded that this means
that the two Houses shall be present in their
separate characters, and not as a joint conven-
tion ; that they cannot act and vote as one
body ; that the two bodies cannot deliberate
and act as separate bodies in each others pres-
ence ; that they are simply brought together
to witness the result of the opening and count-
ing of the vote as reported by the President
of the Senate. The fact that tellers have been
generally appointed by the two Houses in no-
wise affects the question, for they are mere
facilities to actually count and make record of
such votes as the Vice President hanAe to them
for that purpose.
THE WISCONSIN OAS®.
Such had been the understanding and prac-
tice, apparently without questioh, until 1857.
When the electoral votes Were counted that
year in the presence of the two Houses an
objection was made by a member of the
Senate to receiving and counting the vote of
Wisconsin, because the record showed that the
electors in that State had not met aud cast
their votes on the day prescribed by law, and
upon which the electors iu all the other States
voted. The objection, it would seem, should
have been fatal, for the Constitution expressly
■ declares that the electors shall meet and vote
j upon the same day in all the States, and the
' history of this clause shows that great impori-
, ance was attached to it by the framers. But
; the President of the Senate, Mr. Masou,
declared that the objection was out of order,
and that nothing was in order but to open and
count the electoral votes returned, and the
vote of Wisconsin was counted, after which he
stated the result of the vote, and declared
James Buchanan and John C. Breckinridge
elected President and Vice President of the
United States. Motions were then made to
correct the count and exclude the vote of
Wisconsin, all of which he decided out of
order, and that the business having been ac-
complished for which the two Houses had
assembled, he declared the meeting dissolved,
and at the head of the Senate returned to the
Senate Chamber.
Upon the retirement of the Senate an elab-
orate debate took place in the House, in which
a variety of opinions was expressed, but the
better one seemed to be that the two Houses
had no jurisdiction over the matter of count-
ing the electoral votes either jointly or separ-
ately, and that the decision of the President
of the Senate was final. So the matter was
dropped. The Senate, upon reassembling in
its Chamber, began the consideration of the
subject, and after a long debate, with about
the same result, it was dropped.
It seemed to be a necessary conclusion from
these discussions that it was a Cisus omissus
in the Constitution, aud that the power of the
President of the Senate to count the vote re-
sulted, ex necessitate rei, from the failure of
the Constitution to give to the two Houses any
jurisdiction over it; but they were to be pre-
sent at the counting as solemn witnesses of its
accuracy and result. In that case the vote of
Wisconsin was not important, because Messrs.
Buchanan and Breckinridge were eleciod
whether it was received or not; but if it had
so happened that the election depended upon
the vote of Wisconsin ; that by counting it
Fr6mont and Dayton would have been electeu,
or by rejecting it Buchanan and Breckinridge
would have been elected, the question beiu^
left to the decision of the President of the
