1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Bonable for all the service they render, and are
to render in the future, we ought to require
them to enter into contracts in the same form
that we impose on private citizens who carry
the mails. I do not care whether they are
large or small railroads ; they ought to be re-
quired in every respect to conform to all the
postal regulations. There has been a differ-
ence of opinion between the railroad compan-
ies and the Postmaster General as to the rate
of compensation, but this has been'now fixed
by a schedule carefully prepared with a view
to meet all the contingencies and all the va-
riations of this service.
It seems to me, then, that in all other respects
they ought to be required to conform to the
rules and to the law. Therefore I am opposed
to the amendment, and shall vote against
concurrence, so as to require the railroad
companies to enter into the ordinary contracts.
If they refuse to do it, and refuse to carry the
mail at this increased compensation, then let
the question be tested whether they are
stronger than the Government, or whether
the Government can compel them to conform.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur in the general
view which has been expressed by the Senator
from Wisconsin, of the power which the Gov-
ernment has over railroads where they are
within the limits of two or more States, but
not where they are entirely within the limits
of a single State. Now, if you propose a law
which gives to the Postmaster General the
right of controlling the time of running the cars
and the rates of speed, I ask any man who has
any knowledge of railroads in this country if
there is a road within the country that can
surrender that power to one not interested in
the road? I have looked to the time, and I do
not think it is far distant, when the hand of
power of this Government is to be laid upon
these roads. But when you lay it upon them,
you must lay it with such conditions and re-
strictions that, as reasonable corporations or
reasonable men, they can comply with.
But can any road surrender to an individual
not a member of the corporation the power
to control that which is vital to its very exist-
ence? Take the road from here to New
York, take the road from hereto Baltimore,
the Postmaster General may designate hours
that are altogether inconvenient for the public
travel and for the benefit of the corporation.
Will a road, I ask again, be found within all
the broad land that will surrender all of its
power that goes to its very existence ?
I will go with Senators, I will go as far as he
that goes farthest in imposing terms which
shall be just, right, and proper, and which
will advance the postal service, that we may
reasonably expect or ask them to execute, but
not one inch beyond that. I know that the
Department has had great trouble with them,
and I have sympathized always with the head
of the Department in his collision, I believe
1 may almost use that term—in his conflict
with them. And yet when you seek by law
to impose terms and conditions that m my
judgment I as an individual cannot assent
to, I certainly would not favor it; and that is
the precise light in which I view this provis-
ion. I do not see how we can reasonably ask
them to enter a contract which puts virtually
the corporation within the control of the Post-
iroriat,Ql
- Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Maine,
it seems to me, misstates, not intentioually,
of course, this question. This is an appro-
priation of $500,000 of the money of the peo-
ple, and the bill authorizes the Postmaster
General to pay it out in a certain way. Now,
if you leave out this clause which the commit-
tee wish to leave out, about making a contract
about it, you still leave the fact that this
money is not to be expended unless the com-
panies conform to the conditions which the
Postmaster General is to impose. One of
these conditions is—not in the clause to be
stricken out as they wish, but that I wish to
have retained—that " the mails shall be con-
veyed with due frequency and speed." YVhat
does that mean ? A mere condition that he
makes to them when they ask him for money,
without any definition as to what "due fre-
quency and speed is?" By no means. He
must make an arrangement with the company
under this bill, which is to provide that the
given company shall do thus and so for the
money that they are to get.
Now, this clause that the committee wish to
strike out provides that when that arrange-
ment is made and the company assent to it,
they shall be bound as other people are by a
contract which will make them liable if they
do not perform it and carry it out. That is all
there is to it. Therefore if you leave out this
elause you leave the Postmaster General or
his successor, if he is to have one, no matter
when it may occur—you are to leave the Post-
master General, whoever he may be, to ar-
range from day to day with these railroad
companies, and he is to do it through subor-
dinates of course—he cannot attend to all this
business personally—and yon open the great-
est possible door fugling, as they call it in the
elections, between these companies and the
subordinates in the Department to cheat the
Treasury and to take more money than they
ought to take out, that can possibly be im-
agined. whereas if you have a contract in
writing in the ordinary way, when the theory
is once agreed upon you know what the rights
of both parties are.
Mr. COLE. I am very glad indeed to hear
the expression from leading Senators in regard
to the power of the Government of the United
States over these large corporations. It is
rather unexpected to me ; it has not been ex-
hibited at former times when I thought such
power ought to have been exhibited. I am
glad to see the progress that is being made
in this direction, and I am not disposed to be
behind any one in asserting the power of the
people and of Congress over the railroads of
the country. The Postmaster General has
found great difficulty growing out of this very
thing. He has not been able to compel the
railroad companies to enter into contracts
heretofore. Many of them, as I understand,
have persistently refused to enter into con-
tracts ; and judging from the very language
of the proposition, I, for one, doubted very
much whether he had the power to compel
the proprietors of railroad routes to execute
such contracts. I do not know that he could
do it. I must in this matter differ with Sen-
ators who are better learned in the law than
myself, and if there is the power I am willing
that he shall try it; I shall not stand in the
way for one.
Mr. MACHEN. I do not propose to go
into the discussion; but it has been announced
here so distinctly that this Government pos-
sesses the right to lay hold of the railroads,
that I wish to enter my entire dissent to any
such proposition. It may be that it possesses
the power to do it, because it is a very difficult
thing to say where power stops; but I deny
entirely the proposition that it possesses the
constitutional power to do it. And we are
yet governed, professedly, by a Constitution.
Individual rights are involved and they are pro-
tected by that instrument. It may be that
circumstances would warrant in some cases
the exercise of this power by the General Gov-
ernment, if it exists. It may be that where
the General Government has been a largecon-
tributor to the construction of roads she
might claim, with some propriety, the right to
exercise a controlling influence even for the
carrying of the mails. But, sir. that she has
the right to enter upon the private property
of corporations to which she has not contrib-
uted and exercise such a power, I utterly deny.
Mr. FKELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to ask the Senator whether he denies that we
have the right to establish post offices and
post roads ?
Mr. MACHEN. I do not deny that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then certaiuly
we have the right to subject an existing road,
whether it is entirely in one State or whether
it is between two States, to the servitude, on
giving compensation for performing that ser-
vice, of making it a post road. We have made
post roads in a great many cases.
Mr. MACHEN. As I understand the au-
thority of the Government of the United
States, you have the power to contract; but
you have not the power to lay hold and use
unless by the consent of the party whose prop-
erty it is that you take to use. It can go no
further, in my opinion, unless it becomes a
despotic Government, subjecting all property
to what may be conceived to be the interests
of the United States.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suppose my colleague
means that Congress cannot touch private
property without just compensation.
Mr. MACHEN. That is what I stated.
Mr. STEVENSON. And I presume that
there will be no Senator on this floor to con-
trovert it; but I assume that if Congress wants
a bridge or a post road, and it is essential to
the exercise of any of the agencies of the Gov-
ernment, it can take it by paying what it is.
worth. I suppose we are all agreed on that.
Mr. MACHEN. I agree to that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think that any
railroad company ought to be required to carry
the mail unless it gets a fair compensation for
the service, and in this bill, as the Senator from
Vermont has so clearly stated, we have appro-
priated an additional compensation of $500,-
000. When the companies enter into a con-
j tract to increase the time and to carry the
! mail, that service being specified in the cou-
! tract, then the Postmaster General is author-
ized to contract with them ; and this proposi-
tion says that that contract shall be evidence
in writing. What objection can there be to
that? We are really, it seems to me, seeing
obstacles which do not exist. It seems to me
that this amendment reported by the commit-
tee ought not to be concurred in, and the Sen-
ator from Vermont has put it so clearly and
stated it so concisely that I am sure I could
not add anything to what he has stated.
Mr. THUBMAN. Mr. President, I shall
not undertake to discuss the constitutional
question that has been mooted here, under a
1 a five-minutes rule. If I had time I should
like to say a word or two on this novel idea of
' servitude that is spoken of here, which con-
' sists not only of a servitude of the thing,
1 but of a servitude of persons, to compel
■ persons who labor in civil employment for
i the Government by a sort of French corvee,
I suppose. But the question I want to put to
my friends who attach so much importance to
this provision in the bill is this: what more
obligation will rest on a railroad company
■ after it has entered into the written contract
; that is spoken of, than would rest upon it
' without such written contract? Railroads are
: common carriers, and they are bound to use
i diligence according to the nature of the thing
that they carry. If they undertake to carry
; the mail, they are bound to use diligence ac-
, cording to the nature of tbat mail ; and for
my own part I am a little at a loss to know
1 what more responsibility you will have imposed
upon them by a written contract than exists
upon them by their simple undertaking to
carry the mail of the United States.
If there is any good to be done by it, I cer-
tainly shall not oppose its adoptiou; but I do
not exactly see where the good is. Is it
intended that the mail shall be run by other
time-tables than those which the railroad com-
panies establish, that it shall be run upon
time-tables established by the Post Office De-
partment? Is that the understanding? Is
the whole business of the country, otherwise
than the transportation of the mail, to be
subjected and subordinated to carrying the
mail ?
