1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator is asking
me, I do not maintain any such proposition.
It simply is that whatever on the appropria-
tion of this additional compensation they agree
to do for it is to be put in the ordinary form
of a contract, so that there shall be no chance
for cheating or misunderstanding.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, I do not see for
my own part that it is likely at all either to
enlarge their liability or to render it one par-
ticle more certain than it now is. It is a
wholly different thing from the ordinary trans-
portation of the mail in stage-coaches, or upon
horses, or the like. The mail is not to sub-
ordinate everything else, all the commerce,
and trade, and business of the country. All
the traffic that passes our railroads is not to
be subordinated to the mail; and it would be
in the worst interest of the people if it were.
I really do not see how you will add one par-
ticle to the responsibility or the certainty of
responsibility by requiring such contracts to
what would exist without them.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Ohio one difficulty we shall pro-
vide against. When the Postmaster General
enters into a contract with a railroad company
which shall provide, perhaps, for an extra
train by which the mail shall be carried, if we
have the contract in writing, Congress will un-
derstand it, and then we shall not have any
more applications for increased compensation.
If we have the contract in writing we shall be
saved a great many applications now in de-
ficiency bills and for increased compensation
upon the express plea that the company un-
derstood the contract one way and the Post-
master General understood it the other. I
think that the plainer the contract is, (and it
could not be more certain than in writing,) the
better; and in consequence of that, this pro-
vision ought to remain as it was originally in
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment
striking out the words.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 6, line one hundred
and twenty-six of section one, to strike out the
word "and" after "thirty;" inlineonehundred
and twenty-seven, after the word " times " to
insert "after June 30, 1873; and;" and after
the word "once" to strike out " each con-
tract term " and insert the words "every four
years;" so that the clause will read :
By the actual weighing of the mails for such a
number of successive working days, not less than
thirty, at such times after June 30, 1873, and not
less frequently than once in every four years, and
theresult to be stated and verified in such form and
manner as the Postmaster General may direct.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 6, to strike out the
following proviso from lines one hundred and
thirty to one hundred and thirty-seven of sec-
tion one:
Provided further. That additional pay may be
allowed at a rate not exceeding twenty-five dollars
per mile per annual for every line of railway post
office cars of sufficient and {suitable size, fixtures,
and furniture, properly lighted and warmed, pro-
vided for railway post office clerks to accompany
and distribute the mails, and run once a day each
way upon such trains as may be satisfactory to the
Post Office Department.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided uho, That in case any railroad company
now furnishing railway post office cars shall refuse
to provide such cars, such company shall not be
entitled to any increase or compensation under any
provision of this act: Provided further, Ibat addi-
tional pay may be allowed for every line comprising
a daily trip each way of railway post office cars, at
a rate not exceeding twenty-five dollars per mile
per annum for cars iorty feet in length, and thirty
dollars per mile per annum for forty-five ieet cars;
and forty dollars per mile per annum tor hfty-feet
cars, and fifty dollars per mile per annum for fifty-
live to six*.y feet cars: A nd provided inat the
l€>i?glh of cars required for such post office railway
car service shall be determined by the Post Omce
Department, and all such cars
fitted up, furnished, warmed, and lighted lor the
accommodation of clerks to accompany and dis-
tribute the mails.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 8, section three,
lines three and four, to strikeout u $5,896,-
602 " and insert" $5,302,002 ; " so as to read :
That if the revenues, of the Post Office Depart-
ment shall be insufficient to meet the appropria-
tions made by this act, then the sum of $5,302,602,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, &o.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was at the end of section three,
to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That all laws and parts of laws permit-
ting the transmission by mail of any free matter
whatever, be, and the same is hereby, repealed from
and after June SO, 18^3.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that proviso
was added in committee to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it will be dis-
agreed to by the Senate. I do not propose to
take much time upon it. It deprives all the
country newspapers of the privilege which
they have of sending their papers within the
bounds of their county free of postage. That
is one thing it does. Another thing it does is
to repeal all those laws or resolutions under
which certain documents are sent free of post-
age, without any frank at all, for instance—and
perhaps that is the most bulky of all—the Con-
gressional Globe goes free through the mails,
without any frank whatsoever. This is a prop-
osition that that shall pay postage. By whom,
pray, is the postage to be paid? We all know
that in the end it must be paid by the Govern-
ment, or you must say that you will suppress
a knowledge among the people of what their
Congress does. Now, I think that the more
complete and thorough the knowledge of the
people is in regard to the doings of Congress
the better it will be for the people. I think
they ought to know what their Representatives
in Congress do, what their Senators do ; and
to say that they shall not know, except through
the very brief reports of the newspapers, or by
the Congressional Globe, when people may send
and buy it, is to say that they shall not know
at all what their Congress does.
Sir, I have no idea at all that you will sup-
press this knowledge. We already see that
we have a bill up for continuing the publica-
tion of the proceedings of Congress. Certainly
some such bill will be passed, and the proceed-
ings of Congress, the speeches and all, will be
published. If published they ought to go
among the people, and if they are to go among
the people they must be carried among them
at the expense of the Government; and there-
fore there is no necessity whatever for chang-
ing the present law, which says that the
debates of Congress shall go free through the
mail.
Mr. STEVENSON. Do I understand the
Senator from Ohio there is such a law? I
was not aware of it?
Mr. THURMAN. There is such a law. The
Congressional Globe goes free without a frank.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is the law.
Mr. COLE. Does the Senator mean the
Daily Globe?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; I mean the
bound volume.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is a
special act for it.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no question
about the law. There is a law that the Con-
gressional Globe, the bound volumes, shall go
free through the mail without a frank, and
they are accordingly printed different from
the other documents on the envelopes. In-
stead of being simply " public document" it
is marked " Congressional Globe."
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question? Is not the agricultural report
marked in the same way, and is not that
printed by the Government for the people?
Mr. THURMAN. I believe it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why should there be a
distinction ?
Mr. THURMAN. I know it is so; and so
is the Patent Office report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So they all are.
Mr. THURMAN. In respect to the Con-
gressional Globe, I know there was such a law,
and I have never heard of its being repealed.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Why should there be a
distinction between the Congressional Globe
and those documents that accumulate informa-
tion for the benefit of the people about the
operations of the Government; the message
of the President of the United States, for in-
stance ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This is the form
in which the labels are issued i " Congressional
Globe and Appendix. Free by act of Con-
gress, August 6, 1862."
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no ground of
distinction.
Mr. SAWYER. Not only is there a special
act for it, but the Congressional Globe is trans-
mitted without a frank. There is no necessity
for franking it. All that is necessary is to
mark it u Congressional Globe."
Mr. THURMAN. I thought that was the
law. And now the question is whether the
people shall know what their Congress does.
It is no use in the world to put this in. Yon
will only make an appropriation, to pay for
transporting it if you put this clause in, and
there will be a little more red-tape about it,
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I opr
posed the abolition of the franking privilege,
so called, upon the ground which the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] makes the founda-
tion of his objection to this amendment which
repeals the law making the Congressional
Globe free matter in the mails. But Congress
has adopted a different policy. It is the
opinion of the Postmaster General that the
deficiency of that Department is owing to the
existence of the franking privilege and the
circulation of free matter in the mails.
And there is great force in the statement
that this theory ought to be put to a fair test
by the exclusion of all free matter from the
mails for one year. Why retain the aet in
relation to the Congressional Globe ? It is
surely not more beneficial to the people than
the agricultural report, the mechanical report,
the message of the President and accompany-
ing documents. In my opinion all these ought
to be circulated among the people freely aad
without any charge of postage. In no other
way can the people be informed of the pro-
ceedings of the Government. Without this
original source of information, the metropolitan
press, the New York Tribune, Times, and
World, can become the dictators of public
opinion, making and breaking the reputation
of any public man at their pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin I see is following his chief, who thinks
the best way to get rid of an obnoxious law is
to execute it with immense severity.
Mr. CARPENTER. Precisely sci. I be-
lieve that within two years the people of this
country will be demanding the repeal of that
law abolishing the franking privilege with far
greater unanimity than they are ever sup-
posed to have demanded that it should be
abolished.
But let us see by actual experiment. Let
each Department and let Congress pay for all
its mails, and then by direct appropriation let
the Government shift from one pocket to the
other the postage charge of the Government,
so we can ascertain exactly what the Govern-
ment loses each year from the circulation of
free matter; and then we shall be able to see
whether the Postmaster General is right oi
wrong in charging the deficiencies of that
Department upon the franking privilege.
The people can well afford to suffer this
inconvenience for one year to settle this prob-
lem in our govermeutal policy. At the same
