1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
time I desire to say that I have ever been, and
shall, as I believe, ever remain in favor of
distributing among the people free from post-
age all the information necesssary to enable
them to judge of the conduct of their servants
in the national administration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Globe is the least
valuable document of any.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think so. I think
the other documents far more beneficial to the
people j though I am in favor of distributing
them all free of postage. When the people
see that this abolition of the franking privi-
lege was a great folly and a great, mistake, they
will, in my judgment, eome back to it.
My five minutes are up, I suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in—ayes
twenty-four; noes not counted.
Mr. RAMSES". I have an amendment to
offer, modified from that which I offered some
time ago, and which was ruled out of order, I
believe. This I think is in order and accept-
able to all who objected to the previous one.
I move at the end of the bill to insert the fol-
lowing additional proviso :
And provided fvrther, That all mail matter of the
first class, when prepaid at least one full letter rate,
shall be forwarded to destination, subject to a charge
of double the unpaid postage.
Mr. TIPTON. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. COLE. I raise a question of order on
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California make the point of
order?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and rules out the
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Did I understand the Chair
to rule out the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustained the point of order. The proposition
was similar to the other.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
how the present bill in the total amount of
appropriation compares with years past, say
last year and the year previous ?
Mr. COLE. I dislike to detain the Senate
by remarks 
Mr. DAVIS. It will only take a moment to
reply to my question. I only want the total
amount.
Mr. COLE. It is something like three mil-
lions more than the appropriations for the
postal service a year ago. The amount of
deficiency for last year was $5,700,970. The
deficiences provided for in this bill are
$5,302,602.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is this a deficiency bill ?
Mr. COLE. There are deficiences provided
for in the bill, deficiences to be taken out of
the Treasury to pay for so "much of the ser-
vice as is not paid for by the revenues of the
Post Office Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A deficiency for the cur-
rent fiscal year? ["No!'' "No!"]
Mr. COLE. 1 will answer the question of
the Senator from West Virginia by stating that
the amount is some three millions more, which
was explained in part this morning by myself
on the ground that the service has been neces-
sarily very considerably extended. During
the last year the railroad service was extended
by over eight thousand miles. The extension
ot the railroad service for next year will prob-
ably amount to ten thousand miles, and of
course the expense of paying for that addi-
tional service on railroads willcost very con-
siderable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it cost more than
to carry it by coaches?
Mr. COLE. I think not; but the mail ser-
vice is increasing all the time.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood that the repeal
of the franking privilege was to lessen the
expenses of the Post Office Department very
much, and yet we have an appropriation of
three millions more than last year or any
former year. Am I right in that ?
Mr. WEST. No.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to know why.
Mr. WEST. There are certain amounts
appropriated by this bill for the service of the
Post Office Department which exceed by three
million dollars the amounts which were appro-
priated last year; but the service to be done
with that three million excess exceeds the
amount of service that was done last year by
$4,500,000; and the deficiency is less this
year than it was last by $1,500,000—by that
very amount which has been saved by the
repeal of the franking privilege.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator undertook to
enlighten us, but he has told us just what the
chairman did, that the appropriation this year
is $3,000,000 more than last year, and he has
given no additional reason.
Mr. WEST. But more service is done.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
message trom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
3088) to extend for four years the act establish-
ing the board of commissioners of claims and
the acts relating thereto, asked for a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Acs-
tin Blair of Michigan, Mr. William P.
Fete of Maine, and Mr. Charles Fosiee of
Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had insisted on its amendment to the concur-
rent resolution of the Senate to print additional
copies of the report and accompanying maps
of the Darien surveying expedition, disagreed
toby the Senate, and agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. James M. Pekdleton of Rhode Island,
Mr. William P. Price of Georgia, and Mr.
Glexni W. Scofield of Pennsylvania, man-
agers at the same on its part.
order of business.
Mr. WEST. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Army ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Louisiana to allow me to call
up the amendment of the House to Senate
bill No. 693. It will not take ten minutes to
dispose of the bill, and I ask merely to have
it taken up.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope not.
Mr. WEST. I would have no hesitation in
yielding to the views of the Senator from Ver-
mont, if the proposition met the approbation
of the Senate ; but I would prefer that the
Senate should take up the Army appropria-
tion bill, subject to be laid aside informally.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That cannot
be done, and this will not take over ten min-
utes. No friend of the bill desires to discuss
it. The object is merely to concur in the
amendment of the House.
Mr. WEST. I must insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana to proceed to the consideration of
the Ax-my appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
it will be voted down.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 17, noes 18 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at sis o'clock
and eighteen minutes p. m.) the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 22, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now call up the
motion I made last evening before the recess,
that the rules be suspended so that the sundry
civil appropriation bill be taken from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and brought before the House, with the
pending amendments for consideration, one
hour being given for debate.
Mr. BANKS. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations what
has become of the amendment in relation to
tho distribution of books ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is still pend-
ing.
judqk charles t. sherman.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I rise to a question
of privilege. The Committee of Ways and
Means desire to report certain evidence taken
before the committee, and to move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
and printed. The committee unanimously rec-
ommend the passage of the resolution which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read of follows:
Resolved. That the evidence taken by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, under their authority to
send for persons and papers in matters under exam-
ination pending before said committee, arising out
of business referred to them by the House, be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to examine so much thereof as relates
to Charles T. Sherman, judge of the district coartof
the United States for the northern district of Ohio,
and determine whether further investigation of the
conduct of said Sherman should not be had with a
view of presenting articles of impeachment, if such
investigation should, in their judgment, justify
such action.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. It is proper to state
that this evidence implicates no member of
either House of Congress. Inquiry was
directed to that point, but each witness em-
phatically exonerated individual members and
committees of both Houses in connection with
the matter before the committee. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.
Mr. BANKS. I again ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations what is the
present condition of the amendment relative
to the distribution of books?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is pending
with an amendment to strike out two words
only.
Mr. BANKS. Will you allow debate on
that question ?
j Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is one
I hour allowed for debate, and I do not think
j there is anything else which will occasion
; debate.
i Mr. BANKS. Then I have no objection to
the gentleman's motion.
Mr. CONGER. I have an objection to it,
and shaft try to prevent its passage.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. If this order
be made, will the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts be subject to
amendment in the House?
The SPEAKER. It will be subject to
amendment during the hour which the gentle-
man proposes to leave open for debate. The
Chair understands the gentleman who has
