1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
lie lives, though it may be strong in other
States. As an illustration : in ISoC, thousands
of men in the southern States were absolutely
deprived of the right ot' voting tor President,
and ^ tee President, because no electoral tick-
ets tor Fieniont and Dayton had there been
put in the tield.
In effect, the electoral system absolutely de-
prives the voter ot' his power to vote tor men
ot" his choice tor President and Vice President
unless there are enough of his way of thinking
in the same State to meet in convention and
nominate electors to represent their views.
Such a system can scarcely be called free or
republican. No system deserves that name
wlr.i ll does not enable the individual voter to
cast his vote for the men of his choice, whether
an} body else m the same State votes for them
or not. The electoral system makes the con-
vention or caucus indispensable in all cases
and everywhere, for the individual voter can-
not give effect to his vote, or give to it moral
or political significance, unless there are others
who will act 111 concert, that is, in convention,
with him in the nomiuatiou of candidates for
electors.
The present requirement of the Constitution
that electors shall meet on the same day in
the'r respective States and cast their votes is
liable to accident and interruption, as in Wis-
consin in 1n37.
THE VOTE BY THE PEOPLE AS ONE COMMUNITY.
1 would prefer that the President should be
elected by the people as one community, giv-
ing the election to the man who received the
highest number of votes, without regard to
State lines or municipal divisions. Under the
present system it is entirely possible that the
President may be elected by a comparatively
small minority of all the votes of the nation.
He may carry enough States to give him a
majority of the electoral votes by an aggregate
majority not exceeding fifty thousand votes,
and his opponent may carry the remaining
States by such majorities as to give him per-
haps half a million majority of the whole vote
of the people. The present mode of choosing
the President is, though not generally so
called, an election by States. It is now gen-
erally agreed that we are a nation ; that, how-
f. ir Mibdivldcd intu States, are in the
,-evt .-.tn-e one people. There should be
some department of the Government which
represents the whole nation. The Senators
are chosen by the State Legislatures, and rep-
resent the States in their municipal character.
Tiie Representatives are chosen by the people
vo'iug in districts; so that, while the House
collectively represents the people of the U ni-
ted States, yet the members individually rep-
resent but a State or a small division ot a State.
But it may happen, and has happened, that
a minority of the people shall eiect a majority
of the House of Representatives, because the
majority of members may be elected by com-
paratively small majoritiesintheirdistricts, and
the minority elected by large majorities m their
districts ; so that, in point of fact, the majority
of the House of Representatives maybe elected
by the minority of the people. In my opinion,
the President should be elccted by the people
of the United States as one community, so
that the national character should be fully
represented in one department of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. Dickerson, of New Jersey, declared in '
this body, fifty years ago:
"The President should be elected by a majority
and not a minority ol the people, and no one should
hold that office who has not with him the physical
Ftrength of the country. If he have it all i- f-nte, for
the power that lias created can protect and defend;
if he have it not his holding the office is an outrage
upon the principles of our Government, and is un-
safe both lor himself and for the country. A strong
majority will not patiently submit, to a weak minor-
ity, who, taking advantage of the faults in our Con-
st. tution. have -uccced°d in placing their man in the
pre.-identia! eh.ui'. The Chief Magistrate ot the
t'nion f-hould be an officer strictly national.^ lie
fcliould be preeminently the man ot the pc pic. ' i
IT 13 JUST TO THE STATES.
Is it true that in electing a President by a
vote of the people of the United States as one
community we should thereby substantially im-
pair the power of the people of the small States?
Ihe present system had its origin in the idea
of preserving as nearly as possible the equal-
ity of the States in the election of the Presi-
dent, and this for the protection of the small
States. But let us look at, the question from a
distance of ninety-five years and with a popu-
lation of over forty millions. Under the pres-
ent apportionment the electoral votes of ten
States out of thirty-seven may elect a Presi-
dent, and as, under the practical working of
our institutions, Ihe vote of each State is cast
solidly, it is the same as if the people of these
ten States had voted unanimously for the same
man, a thing which will be likely never to hap-
pen. In the election of a President by all the
people as one community the votes of all the
States would be more or less divided ; but
especially would the votes of the large States
be divided, and thus the relative power of the
small States would be increased, and espe-
cially as compared with their present mode
of voting by electors.
It is true there would be an apparent dim-
inution of power in the small States by the loss
of the votes of the two electors-at-large, who
are added to the electoral ticket of a State to
represent its Senators, which could not be pre-
served in the vote of the nation as one com-
munity: but this is more than counterbalanced
by the division of the power of the large States,
whose votes given solidly are now a prepon-
derating power that utterly overwhelms the
small States in the presidential election in the
electoral colleges. The comparative or pro-
portional weight of the small States would be
immediately and largely increased.
The dangers of sectionalism are greatly en-
hanced by the present mode of voting. If a
majority of the people in each State iu a par-
ticular section of the Union are in favor of a
particular measure or policy which is or seems
to he in hostility to the rest of the Union, that
majority in each State will cast the vote of that
section solid in favor of a presidential candi-
date who represents that measure or policy;
but if the election of President, was by the
popular vole, there would then he a minority
in each of the New Kngland States voting on
the other side, whose votes would be counted
in the general result.
In whatever way the question may be viewed,
the election of a "President by the States, cast-
ing their votes solidlyas States, tends to weaken
the national idea, to keep alive the notion that
the several States are independent sovereign-
ties, confederated together for particular pur-
poses ; or, in other words, that we are a con-
federacy of nations struggling with each other
as individuals for the ascendancy. Under the
present system the States vote and act as in-
dividuals, and, as among natural persons, each
acting for himself, the strong, the wealthy,
and the powerful acquire undue influence and
power over their weaker neighbors, thus in-
creasing the natnral disparity between them.
Accordingly, we have seen for seventy years in
the political history of this country how par-
ties have courted and directed their blandish-
ments to the people of the large States, com-
paratively neglecting the small ones.
THE VOTE BY DISTRICTS.
But I submit to the inevitable, and assume
that the smaller States will not consent to an
amendment by which the President would be
elected by the people of the United States as
one community. Yet I believe they can have
no objection to such a change as will bring the
election of the President directly to the peo-
ple of the several States, each State to be di-
vided into as many districts as it has Senators
and Representatives, each district to have one
vote in the election of Pre ident and Vice
President, and the vote of that district to be
counted in favor of the candidates for Presi-
dent and Vice President who receive the largest
number of votes in it. This will still give to
each State the same number of votes it now
lias in the election of President and Vice
President, the votes, however, to be given
directly for the candidates by the people with-
out the intervention of electors.
ITS FAIRNESS.
The proposed plan, of having the election
directly by the people voting in districts, is
greatly in favor of giving due weight to the
stnall States ; for under the present system
the vote of each State is cast solidly for a sin-
gle candidate for President, so that it has
happened, and may happen again, that the
solid vote of one of the large States, which
may be determined within itself by a small
majcri'.y of ;he popular vote, will be decisive
of the election, as in the case of New York in
1845, when the small vote of five thousand,
drawn off by Mr. Birney, resulted in giving the
whole electoral vote of that State to Mr. Polk,
and elected him over Mr. Clay ; whereas, if
the vote of the people had been given by dis-
tricts, New York would have been divided,
perhaps nearly equally, so that it might give but
one or two votes to the general majority for the
President.
THE PRESENT INJUSTICE TO STATES.
In this argument I have said nothing as yet
concerning the intrinsic injustice, under the
present system, of requiring the vote of a
State to be cast solidly. In the great State of
New York one party may have a majority over
the other of but one thousand, which carries
with it the vote of the whole State, the one
thousand thus in effect silencing the voice and
suppressing the wishes of more than two mil-
lion people. This result preserves the power
and autonomy of the State as a municipal
body, which is unnecessary and pernicious in
the election of a President; but it is destruc-
tive of the principle of representation, impairs
the nationality of the presidential election,
and makes it more completely an election by
the States. Under the working of the pres-
ent system the election of President is made
more completely an election by States than
was even intended by the framers of the Con-
stitution. As before stated, they intended
that the electoral colleges should be free de-
liberative bodies, the members of which, after
full consideration, were to cast their votes for
whom they pleased ; so that the electoral vote
of a State might be divided up between three
or four persons. But in practice it has turned
out that the electors are pledged in advance
to vote for particular persons for President
and Vice President, and the whole set of elect-
ors pledged to vote for the same persons are
elected; so that the vote of each State is given
in solido. and the President is in effect elected
by the States.
But if the President was elected by the votes
of the people in districts, a part of the districts
in a State might vote for one person and a
part for another, so that the election would
have less of a State character and be more
national. The framers of the Constitution,
intending that the electoral colleges should be
deliberative bodies, of course did not expect,
them to vote solidly for President, but to divide
up as deliberative bodies are apt to do ; and
therefore, in dividing up the vote of the peo-
ple of the State by having the President elected
by districts, we are but carrying out their
notions.
HOW IT WAS BROUGHT ABOUT.
It is somewhat curious to note in this con-
nection that while the doctrine of State sov-
ereignty has been generally insisted upon as a
protection to the dialler States, yet this par-
ticular feature of it has been preserved and
strengthened by the large States at the expense
of the small ones. As before stated, the
electors were at first generally chosen by dis-
