1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1681
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. There is nothing in this bill about
civil service reform. There is nothing in it to
hinge the amendment upon. There is nothing
here about the civil service, bat an amend-
ment offered last night and not acted on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's point
might have been a good one if made in Com-
mittee of the Whole. But the Chair knows
nothing about it here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is only occu-
pying the time of the House on a matter not
pertinent to the bill.
Mr. McKEE. What I have said applies to
all the States around here. Virginia is over-
slaughed, like the rest of us, by this little
District of Columbia; but she does better, be-
cause under the shadow of the Capitol, and
she holds far higher rank at the Departments
than States of far greater population. Vir-
ginia and Iowa are of about the same popula-
tion. yet Virginia has fourteen appointments
and Iowa only three. I hope the Represent-
atives from that growing young giant of the
West are satisfied with the results of civil ser-
vice reform. They should be, for Texas, the
empire State of the Southwest, with nearly a
million people, has had no appointment at all.
Certainly Iowa must not complain, for she is
better off than Texas. It is somewhat com-
iorting to a poor man to know that there is
some miserable wretch even poorer than he.
And the little State of Delaware, because it
lies right here.' though not much bigger than
a cavalry boot,' [laughter,] has more than the
mighty but distant State of Kentucky. Ihis
great State has a population of 1,321,000, while
the entire State of Delaware has only a few
more people than are contained in the city oi
Louisville alone.
And, Mr. Speaker, if you will look over these
tables, you will find that when you consider
those appointed by direct action of the civil
service rules the result is even worse still jor
the far-off States. Excepting Virginia, which
ou account of her proximity should not be con-
sidered, out of all the southern States only one
appointment was secured under these civil ser-
vice rules. Will southern members support
such a system, which thus ostracises and ex-
cludes their constituents from all share in the
shaping of public sentiment of the nation?
Yet such is the working of the system we
are called upon to sustain. I am not speaking
here for place and position for constituents.
It is a broader and greater question than that.
You will remember, Mr. Speaker, and the
House will remember, how m_ olden time the
pro-slavery influence of the District of Colum-
bia, Maryland, and Virginia tinged and shad-
owed the whole national policy of this Gov-
ernment. And so it is now, and so it will be
in this matter, if we let this little District and
the States around control it. These emp oy£
grow up to be chiefs of bureaus and heads
of divisions, and higher. And what I am con-
tending for is, that the far away States ot the
West and South shall have a chance to have an
influence in the capital. If we do not break
down this system, we never will have much
chance of influencing governmental senti-
m When the war was over, the South had
nothing. The officers of Government told us,
" We shall soon give you your fair
But. instead of doing so, they got up this sham
humbug of civil service reform, and distr&D
chised the whole of us. I had a consent
here who knew more than your whole crni
service board. He was brought up here.from
Mississippi and they found him
for the lowest grade of de'ksbip; and yet, he
is now cashier or teller of one of 'the
banks on the Pacific slope. And they gave the
appointment to a spectacled pedagogues iiom
Maine, who. as tar as business capacity and
common sense was concerned, was not tit to
be clerk to a boot-black. [Laughter.] That is
the way it has been all along.
Mr. Speaker, I am sick of this sort of thing.
How can our constituents be expected to come
up here from the South, pay $150 for railroad
expenses from Mississippi and return and pay
fifty dollars expenses in this city, only to be
rejected by the workings of a system which
gives all the chances against them. I am with
civil service reform about with "Jim Bled-
son" on religion, where he says: "I don't go
much on religion, I hain't had no show." " I
hain't had no show" under the civil service
reform, nor my constituents either; and they
never will have so long as these abominable
rules operate.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the " adventures of
Japhet in search of a father" were tame com-
pared with mine in search of a "place" for
one of my Mississippi constituents. When I
would ask some honorable Secretary he would
give me a little five or six page pamphlet,
which I took to be a religious tract, and, of
course, stuck it in my pocket without reading
it. But after a while I found that these '' tracts''
were not " tracts" at all. They were civil ser-
vice rules; there is nothing religious about
them. In fact they are the greatest incentive
to profanity in th'e District ot Columbia, (un-
less for the benefit of the " old residentsI
except the Board of Public Works.) These
tracts are jocularly headed " rules governing
admission to Departments."
In fact they are " rules governing rejec-
tions from the Departments." A member of
Congress goes up to a Department to procure
a clerkship for a constituent whom he may
know is superior to most clerks. He thinks
his State or his district is_ entitled to some
consideration. But alas 1 his constituent does
not live in this sweet District of Columbia, ana
has no kinsfolk already fattening on the inside,
in " soft places," who could help his protege.
So, instead of getting the position for his con-
stituent, the member is merely treated very
courteously by some "venerable public func-
tionary" who sits there, and, like some kinu
old mother in Israel, piously gives him a tract
on u civil service." Only this, a-nd nothing
more, and the member "goes on his way_re-
joicing," or otherwise. Generally otherwise.
At least that is my experience.
But if vou recklessly persist, and tile an ap-
plication'under the rules, you will soon see
what a burlesque on common sense are these
rules, and the examining boards attached
thereto. Under the awe-inspiring mandate ot
this powerful Government they set all their
mighty machinery at work to find out, it a
seventeen-year-old damsel can write a letter or
make a copy. Why not reverse the process,
and send Professor Taylor,our bug-mvesu-
gating microscopist, across the seas to inspect
with his microscope the eternal pyramids ot
E^vpt' We hear of the "eternal fitness ot
thlnes." Surely this system is not ot them.
There is neither sense nor justice in it. Neither
sense for the Government nor justice to the tar
off States. Suppose some wild mustang girl
from New Mexico comes here for position, and
it may be that she does not kuow whether the
Gulf stream runs north or south, or perhaps she
thinks it stands on end, and she may answer
that the" Japan current" is closely aUiedto
the English gooseberry, yet, although thor
oughly competent for the minor position she
seeks; yet she is sent back home rejected, and
the place is given to some spectacled school
ma'am who probably has not half as much
native^ sense aS the New Mexican,
opDOi mnities of obtaining finished education-
The whole South is thus ignored, is ow, I do not
oppose this a^itcacy rule ol'estabhshingmco
petency, when it does not establish anything
of the kind.
There is no real " civil service reform" in
it, so long as the head of a Department can
turn any cierk out of it because the clerk sees
fit to differ in politics from his superior.
After passing triumphantly through the ordeals
of examining boards, &c., and achieving his
position, the clerk may be turned out by the
head of his Department, even before he draws
his first month's salary,
And there is no real reform in it unless it
binds all alike. The President himself must
submit to the rules, else the system is a fraud.
I am informed that a few weeks ago the Pres-
ident ignored the rules and bad a lady ap-
pointed without competitive examination.
The lady's father had served this Government
in high official positions for thirty-five years
faithfully and honestly. He died poor, leaving
a large family. This lady, his daughter, thongh
having a good education, failed to pass at one
of these "examining boards," which appear
desirous of establishing the well-known fact
that " fools can ask questions which wise men
cannot answer." The President, neverthe-
less, had her appointed, and the nation will
honor him for obeying the generous impulses
of his heart, instead of being bound downby
the civil service rules, imported from China,
at Government expense, for the benefit of the
District of Columbia and Maryland.
As the business of old Virginia was in
former times maliciously said to be slavebreed-
ing for the southern market, as Belgium rears
most of the priests for the Catholic church, so
now does the District of Columbia rear clerks
for Government service. I asked a chubby
little six-year old youngster the other day
what he intended doing when he was a man.
He answered, "I'm going to be a clerk, and
to have a gold pen like pa's." What a glorious
aspiration for the youth of the District 1 How
well they "teach the young idea how to
shoot"—straight for a Government clerkship 1
But it is not the people of this District alone,
but all the country immediately surrounding,
that claim clerkships by right of vicinage.
Across yonder, just over the river, trora Vir-
ginia's sacred soil," throng a noble army pi
office-seekers, at every day set for civil service
examination, and whenever a ' vacancy _ is
heard of. But although their near proximity
enables them to get in ahead of more distant
States, yet often they find that before they can
come from Alexandria or cross the Long
Bridge the sharp set Marylanders and Colum-
bians, who had no river to cross, have already
secured the prize, and so this new army or
northern Virginia" again sadly recrosses the
Potomac. " History repeats itself.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the results simply show
that, as far as improvement of the civil service
is concerned, this " reform" is a delusion and
a humbug. So far as the rights of the people m
a people's Government is concerned, it is a
swindling sham, and to those who, under it,
aspire to serve the Government, it is a fraud
and a snare. Let it be tolerated no longer.
[Here the hammer fell.] _
Mr. McKEE. I ask the indulgence ot the
House for a few moments more.
Mr. L. MYERS. I hope there will be
unanimous consent that the gentleman s time
betot6FARNSW0RTH. I object. ,
Mr SUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise
to a question of order. There is not a single
thing in this bill about books, and nothing
ahnnt nrmtiDg books? not one word.
Mr FARNSWORTH. The House by a
two-thirds vote, however, made that m order.
The House has not by a two-thirds vote made
anything about civil service m order. 1 do
not propose to talk about civil service. .
Mr. McKEE. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] took up half of my five
minutes with his point of order.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
