1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
have referred; but even then some tribunal
should be appointed to settle contested and
doubtful results in districts or at the disputed
poll?, and this tribunal should be removed
as far as possible from the control of excited
parties. This naturally suggests the Supreme
Coin" of the 1 nited States, or the circuit and
d'S'rict judge* of the courts of the United
S'ates, tor snch tribunal. Whatever tribunal
might be created would require much consid-
eration in regard to details and method of
operation, into which it is not important that
1 should now attempt to enter.
The injustice and danger of another election
of President by the House of Representatives,
voting by States, are so glaring that it seems
to me Congress should never rest until it has
constitutionally presented to the several States
for their adoption some plan by which it may
hereafter be avoided.
I have therefore proposed that a committee
shall take the whole subject into consideration,
■with leave to sit during vacation and report to
the next session of Congress the result of their
deliberations, and to bring forward such meas-
ures as may be deemed necessary, whether in
the form of statutes or amendments to the
Constitution of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
one suggestion to make in regard to the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Indiana.
It provides that a committee be appointed to
sit during the recess. The Senator from In-
diana will of course remember that this Con-
gress expires on the 4th of March and that a
committee appointed now could not be con-
tinued beyond that time. The members of
Congress change and a committee cannot be
appointed now to Sit during the recess, for it
i.s not a recess after the 4th of March. It
strikes me there would be a difficulty in ap-
pointing a committee iu that way.
As I am on my feet and as this subject will
robably pass from the consideration of the
■^iiate and perhaps may not be brought up for
discussion again during the present session, I
will say a word or two lest by silence my con-
sent might seem to be given to some of the
positions assumed by the Senator from Indiana
in his very able speech, which I am glad that
he has made. With much that he has said I
entirely concur. In the apprehensions that
he has expressed in regard to the dangers that
may arise from an election of President under
our present system I entirely concur; but he
has laid down some positions which do not
have my acquiescence.
In the first place, I do not agree with the
Senator from Indiana as to the power of the
Presiding OtBcer of the Senate over the elect-
oral vote. The Constitution of the United States
directs that the President of the Senate shall
open the votes in the presence of the two
Houses, and then says, "and the votes shall"
then be counted." That is not such language,
it seems to me, as the framers of the Consti-
tution would have used, who were very precise
and particular in every phrase in ail the instru-
ment, if they had intended that the President
of the Senate should determine as to the
validity of those votes. The language then
would be, not that the President of the Sen
ate shall open the votes, but that he shall open
and count the votes in the presence of the two
Houses. That is not it; but the language is
that he shall open the votes. I have the very
words here, and it is important to have the
exact language :
"The President of the Senate shall, in the pres-
ence of the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives, open all the certificates and the votes shall
then be counted."
Showing that it was not intended, as is
claimed, that he should count the votes, but
leaving it perhaps somewhat ambiguous as to
how the votes should be counted.
£
I think we may learn what was intended by
the language used, by the practice which was
adopted. The practice at the first presidential
election, which has been followed from that
day to this, was for the two Houses of Con-
gress to exercise some control over this count-
ing of votes. The Senator from Indiana says
that the fact that the Houses appointed tellers
to count these votes has no significance; they
were mere clerks. But it has significance. If
this subject was entirely under the control of
the President of the Senate he would have
appointed the tellers, if tellers as a matter of
convenience were necessary. But at the start
each House, before it assembled in joint con-
vention for the purpose of counting these votes
or for the purpose of seeing them counted, if
you please, took action without consulting the
President of the Senate and appointed for
themselves these tellers with certain duties to
perform. This is inconsistent with the idea
that the opening and counting of the vote wa8
to be left exclusively in the hands of the Pres-
ident of the Senate.
I was called out of the Chamber during a
portion of the argument of the Senator from
Indiana, but I understood him to say that the
control of this whole subject was iu the Pres-
ident of the Senate. I think there is a con-
clusive answer to that m the history of the
early legislation of the country. I have already
adverted to the fact that each House took
action on the subject. But they went further.
In 1800 a bill passed the Senate of the United
States, was considered and amended in the
House, returned to the Senate, and the Senate
concurred in the House amendments with an
amendment which was subsequently disagreed
to, and the bill failed. But that bill which
passed both Houses of Congress by decided
majorities, lifter long debate, participated in
by the very men who made the Constitution of
the United States, and who were then holding
seats in Congress, provided the machinery for
disposing ot a contested question in regard to
a presidential election.
Somebody must decide this question, and
where could this decision better be left than
with the two Houses of Congress? The Senator
from Indiana says that is dangerous; that
under a joint rule which has been adopted one
House may reject the vote of a State. That
is true ; but under the other theory the power
is left to the single person who happens to be
President of the Senate, who may not be the
Vice President of the United States and often
is not, for it is not the Vice President that is
to open the certificates, but it is the President
of the Senate, whoever he may happen to be ;
and since I have had the honor of holding a
seat here, the votes for President and Vice
President have twice been opened by the
President of the Senate who was not the Vice
President of the United States. So that the
Senate may elect a person who would have
this vast power, if it is to be reposed and is
reposed by the Constitution of the United
States in that officer. The Vice President
need but retire and allow the President of
the Senate to be chosen by a partisan major-
ity, if you please, in this body, and that officer
can reject or count the votes of States as he
may think proper. That would be a more
dangerous power than any that is to be anti-
cipated by allowing the two Houses of Con-
gress to control the question. I think it is
safer that the vote should be counted under
the direction of the two Houses of Congress
than to leave it to a single person who may
happen at the time to be President of the
Senate ; and I think that is the fair construc-
tion of the Constitution.
A word as to the mode of electing the Pres-
ident. The Senator from Indiana advocates
a change of the Constitution of the United
States so that the President shall be elected
by a popular vote of the whole people without
regard to State lines, and says that the election
now is virtually ati election by States. That
is true ; and so the framers of the Constitution
intended it should be. It is possible that it
would be better to change the character of
our Government and make it one consolidated
Government with all power at the center; but,
sir, the framers of the Constitution of the
United States did not think so. I do not think
so. I believe that liberty can only be preserved
to any people by a division of the power of
the Government. It is by reasoti of this divis-
ion of power, first between the national and
the State governments, and then a division of
the powers of the national Government into
legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments, that we are to preserve the Govern-
ment; and when you vest all power in the
hands of one set of meti, you establish a des-
potism ; and it makes no difference whether
you have one body or many. It is only by
the division of powers that you can preserve
liberty.
Our Government is not and was not intended
to be a pure democracy. It is a republic and
not a democracy. It was not intended that
the majority should have all the power in this
country, and it will be a change of the Gov-
ment when it shall be established upon that
principle, and will very soon, I apprehend,
run into a despotism. Governments, in fact,
are for the protection of the weak, and con-
stitutions are for the protection of minorities ;
and our Government is formed with wonder-
ful wisdom by the division of powers among
the States, and by dividing those powers among
the different departments of Government.
I am not, therefore, Mr. President, prepared
at this time to give my assent to the proposi-
tion that it would be better to elect the Presi-
dent of the United States by the Whole people
as one body, and although the Senator avers
that our manner now of electing the President
weakens the national idea, I think that was
intended. We know that Presidents have been
elected without having a majority of the popu-
lar vote. Mr. Lincoln was elected in I860
with a large majority of the popular Vote
against him, but still he was elected according
to the constitutional form, in the mode ap-
pointed by the Constitution. The people
are represented in the other House of Con-
gress ; the States are represented here; and
the President is elected by a combination of
the two—the popular vote as represented in
the House, and the States as represented in
this body.
Now, it may be well to dispense with the
Electoral Callege. I think possibly it would be
an improvement. I see no use of these elect-
ors under the present practice when the elect-
ors are committed in advance, before they are
chosen, to vote in a particular way; but still
it would not relieve us of the difficulty in
determining for whom the people of a State
voted. You may have the same trouble in
regard to frauds at an election or as to the
result in a State without electors as when the
votes are cast for electors. So we do not really
get rid of that difficulty.
My object is not to enter upon any discus-
sion of this subject, and I should not have
risen at all but to throw out these suggestions,
as to the points in which I differ in some re-
spects from the Senator from Indiana. I have
no objection at all to the adoption of this reso-
lution ; but its practicability in appointing a
committee to si' during the recess is a ques-
tion that I think ought to be rl < : lnrl by the
body.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Indiana that there is some practical
difficulty about the resolution in the view pre-
sented by the Senator from Illinois. I think
the object would be better accomplished by
sending the resolution to the Committee on
Privileges and Elec'ions. Our committees
expire with the session as a matter of coursc,
and I do not think Congress has the power to
