332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42b Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
To John H. Mason, three hundred and
eighty-five dollars.
To Daniel Massy, one hundred and sixty-
five dollars and ninety cents.
To John G. Miller, one thousand two bun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
To Isaiah Miller, one hundred and twenty-
six dollars.
To Hugh Morson, seven thousand and sixty-
seven dollars.
To John P. Murray, six hundred and fifty-
two dollars.
To John Murray, two hundred and forty-
eight dollars.
To Jacob Myers, of Loudoun county, one
hundred and sixty-two dollars. *
To Rhodam McKie, three hundred and
thirty-five dollars.
To Alexander Kericher, three hundred
dollars.
To D. 0. Munson, administrator of the
estate of T. B. Munson, two thousand three
hundred and twenty-five dollars.
To Samuel H. Nichols, three hundred and
.eighty-eight dollars.
To John North, two hundred and six dol-
lars.
To Alfred W. Nourse, Ella J. Nourse, and
Emma L. Galpin, three hundred and twenty
dollars.
To James Oliver, two hundred and sixty-
three dollars and fifty cents.
To Amos D. Osgood, two handrfed dol-
lars.
To David D. Palmer, six hundred and forty
dollars.
To Thomas Parham, one, hundred and eighty-
four dollars.
To Charles W. Payne, one hundred and
fifty dollars.
To Albert Peacock, two hundred and two
dollars and fifty cents.
To James Pearee, one hundred and fifteen
dollars.
To Thomas Pearman, four hundred and
twenty-seven dollars and twenty-five cents.
To John Peden, nine hundred and eighty-
seven dollars and fifty cents.
To Eli Peterson, two hundred dollars.
To Mary A. Peyton, Eugene C. Peyton,
John F. Peyton, J. W. Tuttle, Laura M. Tut-
tle nee Peyton, two thousand one hundred and
eighty dollars.
To Samuel C, Phillips, three hundred and
ten dollars.
To John W. Pierpont, two hundred and fifty
•dollars.
To Hannah J. Piggott, two hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
To .James A. Pingley, two hundred and
sixty-two dollars.
To George Pitkin, one thousand two hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars and twenty cents.
To Emily F. Post, six hundred dollars.
To Elizabeth Price, administratrix of the
estate of Asa Price, six hundred and thirty
dollars.
To Samuel Pulman, one thousand three hun-
dred and forty-two dollars.
To Enos Pursel, one hundred and forty
dollars.
To Charlotte "P. Reed, administratrix, of
the estate of J. D, "eed, two thousand two
hundred and fifty doilai s.
To Robert Reather, six hundred and twenty
dollars.
To Elias Rees, three hundred and sixty-nine
dollars and nine cents.
To Dempsey Reid,faur hundred and twenty-
one dollars.
To John Q. A. Reid, two hundred dollars.
To Mary A. Richardson, two hundred and
seven dollars.
To Perez Richmond, one hundred dollars.
To Alfred Riker, one huadued and eighty-
eight dollars.
_ To George W. Roberts, three hundred and
eighty-four dollars.
To Bailey Robertson, two hundred and
ninety-two dollars and fifty cents.
To Michael M. Roseberry, five thousand six
hundred and twenty-nine dollars and fifty cents.
To William S. Rowley, two hundred and
eighty dollars.
To Harry Roy, seven hundred and forty
dollars.
To Isaac Richard and Jacob Richard, two
thousand one hundred and four dollars and
twenty-five cents.
To Martha E. Riekard, administratrix of the
estate of David Riekard, three hundred and
forty-six dollars and fifty cents.
To William Reed, two hundred dollars.
To Janngs Robinson, one thousand two hun-
dred-arid forty-nine dollars.
To Matthew Sawyer, one hundred and fifteen
dollars.
To tenuel J. Sawyer, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
To Jacob Scott, sixty-five dollars.
To C. R. F. Seay, four hundred and eighty-
five dollars.
To Samuel Senger, six dollars.
To Frank Settle, .three hundred dollars.
To John H. Settle, two hundred and sixty
dollars.
To Chester C. Gaver, administrator of the
■estate of David Shriver, three hundred and
seventy-one dollars.
To Mrs. Treca A. Simmons, three hundred
and seventy-one dollars.
To Henry H. Snapp, four hundred and ten
dollars.
To J. F. Snyder, four hundred and ninety
dollars.
To Abraham Spencer, one hundred and
fifty dollars.
To G. M. Starbuck, three hundred and
ninety-three dollars and fifty cents.
To Richard Stokes, five hundred and thirty-
four dollars.
To Warner Stokes, oa« hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
To Daniel Stoner, two hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
To Susannah H. Storms, administratrix of
the estate of Alonzo Storms, nine hundred and
fifty-six dollars..
To Robert -Strong, one thousand one hun-
dred and four dollars.
To the loyal creditors of John EL Skinker,
deceased, two thousand three hundred and
seveaty-sevea dollars; and if that sum shall
be-more than sufficient to pay their just claims,
then the balance to his sisters, Mrs. Knox,
resident in Ohio, and Mrs. Clark, resident in
Kentucky.
To Janet Studds, administratrix of -the estate
of Henry Studds, one thousand six hundred
and forty-one dollars.
To Andrew Seitz, eight hundred and sixty-
six dollars.
To Henry Setszer, one thousand eight hun-
dred and sixty-two dollars aad thirteen cents.
To William Swank, one thousand two hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars.
To William Thompson, fifty-five dollars.
To Lewis Taylor, two hundred and twenty-
six dollars and forty-four cents.
To Jack Thompson, one hundred and twenty-
one dollars.
To David Thornton, three hundred and ten
dollars.
To Lucinda Ti-mson, three hundred and
ninety-eight dollars.
To Satnuel Torreysoh, three hundred and
.ninety-four dollars.
To P. Hillman Troth, one hundred and
thirty-six dollars.
To S. F. Teasdale, twenty-five dollars.
To John E. Turner, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
To Martha A. F. Terret, three haadred sand
eighty-seven dollars.
To Bennett Thompson, forty dollars. *
To Hiram Thompson, one hundred and
seventy-five dollars. -
To John W. Veitch, two hundred ated forty
dollars. ' '
To Mary A. Walker, thaee haadred Jaad
seventy-nine dollars and fifty cents. :
To Richard Wallaeh, trustee of Mr-s. Mar-
garet Wailach, four thousand eight hatwteed
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-six cents.
To Rachel Watkins, seven hundred and .fi%-
one dollars.
To Eve Wenger, seventy-five dollars.
To Henry Wenger, five hundred and seven
dollars and twenty cents.
To Camilla E. Whipple, administratrix of
the estate of Edward A. Whipple, one «ho -
sand one hundred and ninety-three dollars.
To Joseph Whittaker, one hundred and
eighty dollars.
To Isaac Wibert, thirty-six dollars.
To Joseph L. Williams, ninety-five dollars.
To Daniel Williamson, three hundred dol-
lars.
To Sally Ann Witherite, two hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
To John Wolford, two hundred and eighty-
four dollars and fifteen cents.
To Samuel Wolverton, ninety dollars.
To Jaquelin M. Wood, two thousand nine
hundred and thirty-two dollars and fifty cents.
To Charles Woodhouse, one hundred and
fifty dollars.
To John B. Wyatt, two hundred and sixty
dollars.
To Andrew Wylie, one thousand three hun-
dred and fifty-five dollars.
To Abraham Young, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
To Matthias Zehring, six hao'dred and eigh'
dollars and twenty-five eents.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXL.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs-at-Law and next o,f Kin of James B.
Armstrong, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate-tmdS&meaf Sie^j-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of *he
Treasury be, and he hereby is, direeted, out
of any money in the Treasury not ©Itemise
appropriated, to pay to the heirs at4aw, and
next of kin, of James B. Armstrong, late ®f
Gameron county, Texas, ia su.eh proportion,
as, under the Statute of distribution, or
of Texas, they may be entitled to the same,
the sum of thirteen thousand, three hundred
and eighty-five dollars and nine cents in fall
for all sums due the estate of said deceased,
as damages for breach of contract entered into
by the said James B, Armstrong with the Bui-
ted States, on the fourteenth day of June A.
D. eighteen hundred and fifty-five, for trans-
portation of men, provisions, nnsoifions of
war, &c., upon the Rio Grande, for wfcieh sum
aforesaid the Court of Claims reported a bill
to Congress on the eighteenth day <j'f Decem-
ber A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty: ■Pro-
vided, That before any such payment be made
proof shall be made satisfactory to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that said heirs-at-iaw and
next of kin or such thereof as .shall demand
their aliquot shares under and by virtue of-this
act, remained loyal adherents to the cause and
Government of the United States during the
war of the rebellion : And provided further
That if proofs shall be made satisfactory to the
Secretary of the Treasury, that sueh heirs-at-
law and next of kin are entitled ito said sum,
or any part thereof, as aforesaid, and lhat the
administrators of the said JamesB. Armstrong,
deceased, heretofore, to wit, on .the twenty-
fifth of January eighteen hundred and -fifty-
