1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
of gold coins in the Treasury which are below stand-
ard weight, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe, $150,000."
The Government makes provision for the
restoration of the coins when they have been
reduced by natural wear, and I should think
that this part of the section ought to be left in
the bill. 1 see no reason why it should be
stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say I have
here a number of documents, not only from
the Director of the Mint in Philadelphia, but
from Professor Barnard and the Comptroller
of the Currency, calling our attention to this
very important feature of the bill, and the
Committee on Finance, after a patient exam-
ination of the whole matter, decided that it
was clearly inexpedient and wrong to put in
this provision for the recoinage of all the
present gold coins of the United States.
It is true, as the Senator says, we have pro-
vided for recoining the coin in the Treasury
of the United States; but we go no further
than that. No nation in the world has gone
further than that. I do not wish to delay the
Senate by reading these documents, but I sug-
gest to the Senator whether he had not better
let this proposition go to a committee of con-
ference rather than undertake to discuss it
here, because if we are compelled to discuss
it here I shall be obliged to have these letters
read, which entirely convinced the Committee
on Finance that the United States dare not
assume the loss of abrasion beyond the legal
standard.
There is a legal standard within which the
United States make the coin good, but when
coin depreciates below the standard of abra-
sion, then neither the United States nor any
other nation in the world undertakes to make
the coins good except for their intrinsic value.
The ways in which these coins might be abraded
by fraud were shown to us, and it would be I
utterly impossible for any regulation of the
Secretary to prevent great loss to the Govern-
ment if we attempt to maintain these coins
when they fall below the limit of abrasion and
redeem them at the nominal instead of the 1
real value. It is a delicate question, and it
will only be necessary to read these papers in
order to convince the Senator himself that it
would not be wise for the United States to
undertake to do what the House proposes.
Mr. COLE. I should like it better if the
chairman of the Conmittee on Finance would
give us some reasons why this amendment
should be made. This clause. protects the
Government fully. The degree of abrasion is
prescribed in this clause not to exceed one
half of one per cent, on double eagles and
eagles, and not to exceed one per cent, upon
coins of lesser denomination. If it would
involve the Government in some expense to
restore these coins after they had been received
in the ordinary business of the ec'a try, received
at the custom-houses and in the Treasury, it
is very proper that the Government should bear
that expense. And let me again remind the
Senator that we have entered upon that busi-
ness, and at the last session made an appro-
priation of $150,000 to do this very thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was for the coin
belonging to the United States.
Mr. COLE. Exactly. This clause pro-
vides that when the coin reaches the Treasury
it may be so treated, and that this coin shall be
received by the United States at the Treasury
and other offices.
Mr. CASSERLY. I had risen to ask a
question of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] which my colleague has anticipated.
Authority is valuable only in proportion to the
reason which goes with it. The names_ men-
tioned are of course names of authority in
coinage and minting. But when it is said that
we ought to strike out a provision such as that
which we are now considering because men of
authority say it would be dangerous to enact
it, we ought to know what reason they have
for so saying.
In the first place, everybody knows that it
is almost a mechanical impossibility to manu-
facture a coin that is exactly of the standard.
The coin will be a little above or below the
standard in weight, but generally it is below
it. So that when you fix the limit of the
abrasion as here at one half of one per cent,
on the double eagle and eagle, and one per
cent, on the other coins, you make your limit
exceedingly narrow. In addition to that, the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
make such rules as he sees fit for the pro-
tection of the Government against fraud.
Now, what danger can there be to the Treas-
ury of the United States under such a pro-
vision ? Why should any respectable Gov-
ernment consent to permit its gold coins to
remain in circulation after they have suffered |
by abrasion so as to fall much below the legal .
standard ? The loss by abrasion has to fail j
somewhere in the end, and it certainly ought ,
to fall upon the whole people rather than upon
the innocent holder who has taken the coin of
the Government at its face, on the faith of
the Government, without being aware of the
reduction from its standard value.
I insist that it is the duty of the Government
to make its coins of the standard value in the
first place, and in the next place to keep them
up to the standard value. The citizen is
obliged by law to receive them for their full
standard value, and as the loss must fall some-
where, it ought to fall on the Government, and
not upon the citizen. It is hard enough that
the innocent holder of a coin which has been
fraudulently abraded, or reduced as by what
they call *' sweating." or any other fraudulent
process, must lose by the fraud to which he :
was no party. It is ever so much worse when
you make him bear the loss of the natural and
inevitable wear of the metal. Every such loss
should be the loss of the Government, for it
is the duty of the Government to keep its coin
at the standard value at its own expense.
I do not understand the last two lines of
this amendment as the Senator from Ohio
understands them. If I understand them
aright, he would not press his objection so
strongly as he does. The language is :
And any gold coins in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States reduced in weight below this limit of
abrasion shall be recoined.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason that those
words are proposed to be stricken out is that
the coins in the Treasury have already been
provided for. The law now provides for re-
coining abraded coin in the Treasury of the
United States. There is no necessity, there-
fore, for putting it in here again. Indeed,
when this clause was inserted in the House
the law providing for that recoinage had not
been passed. It was passed in an appropri-
ation bill on my own motion, I think, at the
last session of Congress. The Mint was
authorized to recoin the abraded coins in
the Treasury of the United States, some of
which were taken at their reduced value.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course, if the Sen-
ator says the clause is unnecessary because it
is the law now, there is nothing more to be
said.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator's colleague
referred to the law a moment ago.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am content to take
what the Senator from Ohio says on that point.
But that only corroborates what I say, that the
Government recognizes it as its duty to re-
store its coins to the standard value after they
have fallen below a certain limit of abrasion.
Now, all that is asked is that before they fall
below the limit of abrasion and while passing
current in the business transactions of the
country, they shall be received at their denom-
inational value by the United States Treasury,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe. I fully recognize
what the Senator from Ohio says, that the
whole subject of specie coinage is one of great
intricacy, so that what appears a very small
matter in itself may have very wide spread con-
sequences. But this provision now under con-
sideration is so plain, so reasonable, and so
perfectly guarded that I had very strong hopes
the Senator from Ohio would consent to allow
it to remain.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think after a full explan-
ation of this matter the Senators from Cali-
fornia themselves would vote for this proposi-
tion. I do not desire to take up time, but will
say a few words in explanation of the amend-
ment proposed by the committee striking out
this clause.
All nations retain the nominal value of
abraded coin to a certain standard, but when
it falls below that, the loss falls on the individ-
ual who holds it. That has been the custom
of all countries. The coin that is held by the
Treasury of the United States is received at
its nominal value if it is within the limits of
abrasion fixed by the law, but if it falls below
the limits the loss falls on the holder of the
coin, and much of that which is now being re-
coined in the United States was taken at the
abraded value, that is, reduced value. It was
not taken at the full nominal value, but at the
reduced value. Consequently, when we issue
it again, we issue it in the form of coin up to
the standard. Therefore, the question as to
whether we shall recoin our own coin and the
question whether we shall recoin the coin in
the hands of citizens are very different things.
Upon this identical point I will read a letter
of Mr. Comptroller Knox. I may say that this
clause was put in in the House, I believe,
without the consent of the committee, and
upon some motion made in the House; at
least I am so informed, although I have not
looked at the Globe to ascertain the fact. Mr.
Knox writes this to the committee:
" I inclose herewith copy of a portion of a letter
recently received from him, (Professor Barnard,) in
which you will be interested. I desire to call your
especial attention to his criticisms upon sections
fourteen and fifteen in reference to abrasion. So
far as I can learn, no nation in the world has laws
which offer inducements to wrong-doers to lighten
the coins which are in circulation. If I had charge
of the bill now before the Senate I should certainly
much prefer its defeat to its passage, unless section
fourteen from line twenty, and section fifteen, could
be stricken from the bill."
That is what he says. Then I have here
the letter of Professor Barnard, which is very
interesting. I will read a paragraph from it:
" Section fourteen of the bill provides that any
gold coin, if reduced in weight not more than one
half of one per cent, on the double eagle and eagle,
and one per cent, on the other coins, below the
standard weight and limit of tolerance, shall be
received at their denominational value by the
United States Treasury and its offices, under such
regulations, &c. This one half of one per cent.,
with the tolerance, makes on the double eagle
about six tenths of one per cent.; that is to say,
twelve cents on every such double eagle, and on the
eagle seven tenths of one per cent., or seven cents
on every such eagle. This is an enormous sacrifice
for the Government to propose to make, and one
which will insure the return to the Treasury of a
vast number of gold coins much reduced in weight
by means which cannot be proved to be fraudulent.
A coin, or a lot of coins, which has been to some
extent reduced by honest abrasion will be a God-
send to a rogue, for this may be still' sweated' down
to the limit named in this section, without sensibly
altering its appearance. Coins may moreover be
abr.ided by rubbing them with rouge powder or
with prepared chalk, by hand or by mechanical
means, so as seriously to reduce them without leav-
ing any traces of violence. I am at a loss to know
on what grounds the proposition is defended to
receive ' at their nominal value' at all coins depre-
ciated by abrasion below the limits of legal tol-
erance. ,
" It is true that this section authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to 'prescribe regulations
under which such coins shall be received. If this
authority extends so far as to permit himto refuse
to receive them at all 'at their denominational
value,' it may prove a safeguard; otherwise the
provision seems to me extremely dangerous."
Here is another and a later letter from Pro-
fessor Barnard to the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency under date of December 24 :
"My Dear Sib: Dr. Torrey has just told me a
very important faot. There is a manufactory of
