1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
Lams of the United States.
42d Cons....3d Sess.
eight, appointed by the probate court of Cam-
eron county, Texas, have not been discharged
from their said trust as administrators, and
have given adequate security for the funds of
said estate collected by them which are a sub-
sisting and valid security to said heirs and next
of kin for the sum which shall be received by
them under this act, then the sum to which
said heirs and next of kin may be entitled
lender the provisions of this act may be paid
to such administrators.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLI.—An Act for the Relief of
Miles Greenwood.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the claim of Miles
Greenwood, of Cincinnati, Ohio, for further
compensation for the construction of the iron-
clad monitor Tippecanoe may be submitted
by said Greenwood, within six months'after
the passage of this act, to the Court of Claims,
under and in compliance with the rules and
regulations of said court; and said court shall
have jurisdiction to hear and determine and
render judgment upon the same: Provided,
however, That the investigation of said claim
shall be made upon the following basis: the
said court shall ascertain the additional cost
which was necessarily incurred by,the con-
tractor for building the iron-clad monitor Tip-
pecanoe, in the completion of the same, by
reason of any changes or alterations in the
plans and specifications required, and delays
in the prosecution of the work, which were
not provided for in the original contract; but
no allowance for any advance in the price of
labor or material shall be considered, unless
such advance occurred during the prolonged
term for completing the work rendered neces-
sary by the delay resulting from the action of
the Government aforesaid, and then only when
such advance could not have been avoided by
the exercise of ordinary prudence and dili-
gence on the part of the contractor: And pro-
vided further, That the compensation fixed by
the contract between the contractor and the
Government for specific alterations shall be
conclusive as to the compensation to be made
therefor: And provided further, That all
moneys paid to said contractor by the Govern-
ment over and above the _ original contract
price for the building of said vessel shall be
deducted from any amounts allowed by said
court, by reason of the matters hereinbefore
stated: And provided further, That if any of
such changes caused less_work and expense to
the contractor than the original plans and speci-
fications, a corresponding reduction shall be
made from the contract price, and the amount
thereof be deducted from any allowance to be
made by said court to said claimant.
Approved, March 8, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLIL—An Act for the Belief of
Thomas E. Tutt & Co.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary^ of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Thomas E. U utt &
Co., assignees of Smith & Vernon, the amount
not exceeding two thousand seven hundred and
ninety-five dollars and seventy-eight cents, de-
ducted from the pay of the officers and men
of the Osage regiment of Missouri volunteers,
for goods furnished said regiment by sal<J
Smith & Vernon in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, on satisfactory proof of such
supply and deduction.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLIII.—An Act for the Relief of
• William Selden.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America In
Congress assembled, That the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury of the United States be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to reexamine the accounts of William Selden,
late marshal of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the maintenance and
support by him of public prisoners confined
in the jail of said District from the thirtieth
of July, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, to
and until the seventeenth day of May, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, both inclusive,
and to adjust and pay the said accounts in con-
formity with the allowance thereon, not ex-
ceeding, however, the rate of thirty-four cents
per diem for the maintenance and support by
him of each public prisoner confined in the
said jail during the period aforesaid, certified
by the judge of the criminal court for said
District, at the time or times when the s^id
accounts accrued; and the sum necessary to
pay the balance that may be found due the
said William Selden on such reexamination
and adjustment, not exceeding eleven thou-
sand two hundred and twenty dollars, is here-
by appropriated.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCXLIV.—An Act for the Relief of
. Dr. W. J. C. Duhamel.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to Dr. W. J.
C. Duhamel, of Washington, D. C., the sum
of six hundred dollars., which shall be in full
discharge of all claims against the United
Slates on account of professional services ren-
dered by the said Duhamel to the United
States military prisoners confined in the city
jail at Washington, D. C., during the ye^rs
eighteen hundred and sixty-one and eighteen
hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLV.—An Act for the Relief of
Kreel and Miller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury of the United
States are hereby authorized, in the settle-
ment of the accounts of Kreel aad Miller, on
their contract with the United States for the
delivery of commissary stores to the posls of
the United States in the Territory of New
Mcxico, to settle and allow to them the sum
of five hundred and eighty-two dollars and
seventy csots. b^ing 8.0 amount assssssd
against them for their failure to deliyer cer-
tain stores which had been destroyed in their
hands by hostile Indians.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLVL— An Act to refund to
Thomas C. Magruder certain Moneys stolen
from him in eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay to Thomas C. Magruder, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of twelve hundred and
fifty dollars, for Government moneys stolen
from him and refunded by him to the Govern-
ment, in eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Peter Dunn apd others.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Tha,t the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authqri^ed %nd directed to
compromise the cl^im of the United States
against Peter Dunn, J. B. Lowing, 0. V.
Whitcomb, B. P. Bristol, David Taggart, Jo-
seph Ingham, L. B. Crego, John Renwick,
Benson Tallman, Christopher Post, A. Hop-
son, S. S. Hammond, William Bristol, M. W.
Wilner, Lucius May, Levi Madison and
Charles B. Briggs, and Levi Truesdell, sur-
viving obligors upon the official bond of John
B. Halsted, late collector of internal revenue
in and for the twenty-ninth district of New
York, and the personal representatives of the
deceased obligors upon said official bond, and
to satisfy, or cause to be satisfied of record
the judgment recently recovered in the dis-
trict couct of the northern district of New
York against the sureties upon said official
bond, up.on the payment, within ninety days
after the passage of this act, of the amount
of the defalcation of the said collector Hal-
sted, together with the cost of the legal pro-
ceedings thereon; the intention of this act
being to remit the interest whether included
in the judgment, or accruing since, upon such
defalcation.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLVIII—An Act for the Relief of
Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) adminis-
tratrix.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to indem-
nify Mrs. Ann Marble, (now Strong,) admin-
istratrix of William D. Marble, deceased, for
losses by depredations committed by Cheyenne
Indians in August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXLIX.—An Act to relieve Williaiji
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, of his
Political Disabilities.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabil-
ities imposed upon William Smith, of the
county of Fauquier, Virginia, by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States be, and the same are
hereby removed.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCC1.—An Act for the Relief of Julia
P. Lynde, minor child of R. D. Lynde, late
Surgeon of United States volunteers, de-
ceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby authorised to pay out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the duly authorized guardian of Julia P. Lynde,
minor child of Surgeon R. D. Lynde, United
States volunteers, deceased, the three months'
