670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
watch cases in Brooklyn. The workmen put the
last polish on the cases with fine paper and rouge
powder. Some time since the proprietor applied at
the assay office for advice as to some method of
burning these papers so as to prevent gold from
being carried away mechanically in the smoke. He
said their loss from this cause was serious, but that
in spite of this they recovered $5,000 worth of gold
from these papers per annum.
"The establishment is a large one it is true ; but,
on the other hand, the workmen do not work with
the design to polish off as much gold as they conven-
iently can, but just as little as the object in view
will allow.
" I mention this to show you how easy it would be
for a designing man to live off the coin of the coun-
try, setting up with a capital of a few thousand dol-
lars. It is needless to say that the coins so abased
could not be deteotable by their brightness, for
nothing is easier than to tarnish them."
Within a certain degree, one thousandth per
cent., a small degree, the Government main-
tains the coins at their nominal value even if
abraded, but when they are abraded below
that, the loss falls on the holder, and every
man who receives a coin must look to it that
it has not been abraded beyond the legal
amount. If it is so abraded, he can refuse to
take it, or if he takes it at all, he should take
it for what it is intrinsically worth. The re-
coinage of the gold coin now in circulation,
although not very large, would amount to
one or two million dollars. As a matter of
course, as soon as our attention was called to
this fact we struck out this clause. I do not
wish to go any further into the details of the
matter. I think the action of the Committee
on Finance was clearly right, and it would be
very wrong indeed to undertake in this am-
biguous way to make good all the coin now out-
standing. |
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to be tena- '
cious about this matter, still less pertinacious, i
I am very glad that the Senator from Ohio has i
read the letters on which he relies. I think !
they speak for themselves, The burden of them
is that gold coin may be abraded or reduced
fraudulently with such skill as to make it almost
impossible of detection at the Treasury, The
last letter from Professor Barnard conjures up
a phantom to terrify Senators withal. It is
that if this provision should become a law a !
man might with a capital of a few thousand
dollars, by fraudulent abrasion, make a good
living out of the Treasury. I ask the Senator
trom Ohio, what does such an argument
amount to ? If a man can ipake a good living
out of the Treasury by fraudulent abrasion of
the coin, so skillfully made as to defy the de-
tection of the officers, how' is it to be with
the community?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my friend
from California that any citizen can at any
time test it by weight.
Mr, CASSERLY. I was just coming to
that. The Senator says any one can weigh
each piece as he takes it. Just imagine a
merchant in large business in the city of San
Francisco going about with a pair of scales in
his pocket to weigh gold coin hourly as he re-
ceives it I The Senator surely is not serious
when he gays so. We are legislating for the
American people, a rapid if not a fast people
in their enterprises; a people whose energies
are impatient of pause, still less of delay.
To suppose that such a people are to go about
with scales at their button-holes to weigh
coins is to suppose something which, wishing
well to the Senator, I hope he may live long
enough to see,
Mr. President, we cannot carry on a great
Government like this without running some
risk. I am sure that nobody ought to put the
whole risk of coinage upon the citizens. As I
said, the citizen has no choice. He must take
the lawful money of the country in the course
of his lawful transactions, and at its denom
inational value. If there roust be loss even by
fraud, I am not sure that it ought not to be
borne by the Government in the case of an
innocent holder, but I do not wish to raise
that question now.
The portion of the clause proposed to be
stricken out for which I am contending .is that
which provides for the natural and lawful abra-
sion of the coins. I am surprised that these
learned and scientific men make such objec-
tions as those which the Senator has read,
although I think they pretty much answer
themselves.
Before I take my seat I wish to observe to
the Senator from Ohio that this appears to be
a bill for the codification of all the laws on
this subject. Consequently, the fact that there
is another statute which covers the ground
covered by lines twenty-eight, twenty-nine,
and thirty of this clause woulr" not be a good
reasou for striking them out. They should
therefore be retained.
Mr, SHERMAN. I will say to the Sen-
ator from California that the amount hereto-
fore appropriated will probably be sufficient
to haye that recoinage done before this bill
will take effect; at all events there will be no
trouble about that, and I do not care whether
the clause is retained or stricken out. The
thing is provided for already by an appropria-
tion as a distinct matter.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a codified law,
and repeals all other laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is willing
to compromise on that, I aui perfectly willing
to allow those lines to remain in the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall vote to retain the
whole clause; but I shall not debate it any
further.
Mr, SHERMAN. I have no objection at
all to the gold coin in the Treasury, that which
i has fallen below the standard, being recoined;
! but that will be done under the present law,
under an appropriation which I moved myself.
Mr, CASSERLY. To save any question
about that, probably the Senator will consent
to let those words remain.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. COLE. I shall not detain the Senate
from a vote on this question more than a
minute or two.
By the Constitution of the United States it
is the duty of the Government to furnish the
circulating medium, the material which is the
price of values in business transactions, the
currency of the country. That they assume
to do in one form or another. Gold i3 a legal
tender for all debts, and it is presumed when
the gold is presented with the stamp of the
United States upon it, so indorsed by the
Government of the United States, that it is
of a certain value and weight. Now, what are
the facts so far as the Pacific coast is con-
cerned? There is a quantity of coin there
that has been in circulation for more than a
score of years, and of course it has become
more or less abraded by natural wear. It has
become so in its use in business, and the dates
upon these coins will show that they have been
in use a long time.
I hear it said about me, sotto voce, that we
ought on that coast to have paper money, and
in that way avoid this difficulty of having coins
which are worn used in business transactions.
What are the facts so far as that is concerned?
Why, sir, in the first place, in California there
never was any bank of issue, there never was
a dollar of paper money issued by any bank in
that State; but before the late rebellion gold
and silver were the circulating mediums exclu-
sively. When the nation adopted as a legal
tender the United States notes, it was, as it will
be well remembered, a long time before they
were made to replace the bank notes that were
in circulation throughout, the various States.
It occurred by slow degrees, and by the time
you were ready to dispense with the State
banking institutions the legal tenders had fallen
in value below the value of gold. They were
worth perhaps but ninety, or eighty, or sev-
enty cents on the dollar, and before they had
decreased in .value there was no supply pos-
sible to be obtained in the community which
I have the honor in part to represent. There
was no possibility before that, time to receive
enough there to supply as circulating medium
the place that was filled by gold and silver.
California never resisted the acceptance of
paper money, but from the force of circum-
stances it could not be adopted there.
In the States on the Atlantic side the United
States notes very naturally came into use a?
money. They took the place of the bank
notes at first circulated with them and at the
same value, and from one description of paper
money they very naturally fell into the use of
another. Those circumstances never existed
on the Pacific coast, and we never have had
any banks of issue or paper money there.
The United States notes or greenbacks never
were furnished in sufficient numbers or quan-
tity to supply the wants of the country, and
they never could circulate as the money of
the country. It is owing to these facts, and
not to any unfriendly disposition on the part
of the State of California or her people, that
the United States notes have never come into
general use there. It is owing to the fact that
gold and silver were all the currency there
before the issuance of United States notes.
It is a great misfortune to us, and we realize
it, that we have not the use of United States
notes there the same as here. That fact is
realized by our business community very gen-
erally. But we have never seen the time
when we could use them or adopt them
in place of gold and silver as the measure
of value for the reasons I have mentioned.
And now, since there is in use there this
abraded coin, it is very proper that it should
be received when not much abraded, when
not abraded below the amount specified in
this bill by the United States for the various
uses for which they accept that sort of cur-
rency, and I think this bill ought not to be
amended as proposed by the Finance Commit-
tee of this body.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that the law has been for a course of years
that the Government would always receive at
the nominal value coin that was not abraded
more than one half of one per eent. So I do
not see the hardship which the Senator from
California complains of. The people of that
State and of that community that use coin
could under that law at any time have had the
abraded coin redeemed.
Mr. COLE. Let me correct the Senator.
I do not understand, at all events, that the
coin is receivable now when abraded, as speci-
fied in this section, to the amount of one half
of one percent, upon eagles and double eagles,
and one per cent, upon coins of lesser denom-
ination. I do not understand that that is the
case.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that the law has been for a course of years
that if the coin was not abraded more than the
rate fixed by the law, such a law as existed,
the Government received it at its nominal and
not at its actual value. Therefore I do not see
the difficulty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will read the Senator
a paragraph on that subject in this very bill.
These coins are receivable now. The lan-
guage is:
Which ooina shall be a legal tender in all pay-
ments at their nominal value when not below the
standard weight and limit of tolerance.
Mr. COLE. What is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is one thousandth per
cent. And another section provides that when
they do fall below the limit of tolerance, they
shall be received at their actual value.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And that is
only a reenactment of a preexisting statute.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly ; it is the law
now.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Therefore I do
not see that there is any hardship on the com-
munity that the Senator represents, inasmuch
