334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March.. 3,
4 2d Gong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
pay and allpwance for transportation to which
her father was entitled at the time of his death.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCLI.—An Act for the Relief of Jona-
than Diehl and George Blymer, sureties on
the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor
for carrying the United States mails on post
route No. 4249.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That Jonathan Diehl and
George Blymer, of Bedford, Pennsylvania,
sureties on the bond of Josiah S. Diehl, late
contractor for carrying the mails of the United
States on post-route numbered four thousand
two hundred and forty-nine, be, and are hereby,
released from liability on said bond; and the
Postmaster-General is hereby authorized and
directed to cancel the same.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLII.—An Act for the Relief of Mar-
geret Merklein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States'of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to
pay to Margeret Merklein the sum of six hun-
dred dollars, being for the payment of loss of
property incurred by said Margeret Merklein,
at the hands of the public enemy during the
war of the rebellion, and of services of said
Margeret Merklein to the Government of the
United States in saving stores of the United
States Army from destruction by the public
enemy, and in attending upon the sick and
wounded of the United States Army; the said
payment to be made out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLIII.—An Act to pay Charles
Probst, i>X,J^w..Mexic£U.iiac..§,upplies fur-
nished the New Mexico Militia during the
late Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury is authorized, and
he is hereby directed, to pay out of any moneys
appropriated, or that may hereafter be appro-
priated, for the support of the Army, to Charles
Probst, of New Mexico, the amount which
shall, upon proof satisfactory to the Commis-
sary-General,*be shown to be due him for sub-
sistence stores furnished the militia of New
Mexico, in the year eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCLIY.—An Act for the Relief of
George Washington, and Sallie Washington
his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, empowered and
directed, out of any money not otherwise ap-
propriated by law, to pay to George Washing-
ton, and Sallie Washington his wife, of Alex-
andria, Virginia, without interest, the amount
of the proceeds of the sale, for direct taxes due
to the United States, of house and lot numbered
t wo hundred and twenty-one, King street, Alex-
andria, as evidenced, by direct tax sale certifi-
cate number one hu..dred and thirty-four, less
all taxes, costs, and legal charges accrued
by reason of the sale thereof for said direct
taxes, by the tax commissioners of the United
States under the laws for the collection of
direct taxes: Provided, That said George
Washington and Sallie Washington, their heirs
orpersonal representatives, shall, before receiv-
ing such payment, duly execute and deliver a
full and complete quitclaim conveyance of
said property to the purchaser thereof, his
heirs, assigns, or legal representatives, as the
Secretary may require.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLV.—An Act to relieve Francis E.
Spinner, Treasurer of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers be, and they hereby are, authorized
and directed to allow Francis E. Spincer,
Treasurer of the United States, in the settle-
ment of his general account of receipts and
expenditures for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
the sum of two hundred and fifty-one dollars and
seventy cents, being the amount paid by him
for certain mutilated, partially destroyed, and
defective compound-interest, five per centum,
and-national bank notes, namely:
Compound Interest Notes.
Part of note, no number, paid in full by
order of the Treasurer, fifty dollars; one half
of note, numbered two hundred and twenty-
two thousand nine hundred and thirty-one, B,
dated May fifteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, affidavit of destruction of missing
part attached, paid by order of the Treasurer,
fifty-nine dollars and seventy cents; one note,
no seal, date or number, face value paid, ten
dollars; one mutilated note, numbered ninetv-
one thousand two hundred and sixty-five, affi-
davit attached, ten dollars; five notes of ten
dollars each, no seal, date, or number, fifty
dollars; one note, numbered twenty-three
thousand five hundred and forty-five, no seal
or date, twenty dollars."
Five per centum Notes.
One note, no seal, date, or number, supposed
one of four stolen from Printing Bureau, paid
by order of the Secretary of the Treasury,
twenty-one dollars; a part of note, numbered
one hundred and ninety-five thousand four
hundred and fifty-three, dated May fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, two-thirds
of note burned and missing, and affidavit
attached of the destruction of missing part,
twenty-one dollars.
National Bank Notes.
One note of Rockport National Bank, Mas-
sachusetts, appears to have been one of a sheet
stolen from Printing Bureau, paid by order of
the Secretary of the Treasury, June twelfth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, ten dollars;
in all, two hundred and fifty-one dollars and
seventy cents.
Sec. 2. That the sum of sixty-one thousand
one hundred and seventy-four dollars and fifty-
two cents, lawful money, be, and it hereby is,
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to reimburse Fran-
cis E. Spinner for losses incurred in his office
as Treasurer of the United States, through
embezzlement on the part of employes and
otherwise, without negligence or fault on his
part, namely: loss by the embezzlement of
Seth Johnson, late interest teller, thirty-seven
thousand eight hundred and ninety-four dollars
and twenty cents; loss by the embezzlement
of F. A. Marden, late chief of division of
accounts, eleven thousand four hundred and
thirteen dollars and ninety-seven cents; part
of a package of new notes stolen from the
division of issues, eleven thousand five hun-
dred dollars; amount found short in an actual
count of one hundred and thirty-one thousand
dollars, specimen currency, seventy-one dol-
lars & seventy-seven cents; amount found
short in an actual count of the paying'teller's
cash, twenty cents; amount found short in an
actual count of a package of new notes, one
dollar; amount found short in an actual-count
of a package of new notes, temporarily made
good by the original counter, twenty dollars?
amount found short in an actual count of the
funds of the redemption division, one hundred
and thirty-one dollars and thirty-seven cents;
amount found short in an actual count of the
funds of the cash division, one hundred and
forty-two dollars and one cent; in all, sixty-
one thousand one hundred and seventy-four
dollars and fifty-two cents.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLVI.—An Act for the Relief of E.
H. Jarrett.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ho/use of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Eli H. Jarrett, late
private company C, third North Carolina
mounted infantry volunteers, be entitled to
receive the same pay and pension as if he had
been mustered in, as of date September fif-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLVII.—An Act for the Relief of
Edmund Jussen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury in settling and adjusting the revenue,
disbursing and other accounts of Edmund
Jussen, late collector of internal revenue, first
district of Illinois, is hereby authorized to
allow and pay him such sum as may appear
due and owing him upon his salary and disburs-
ing account, not to exceed the sum of six
thousand seven hundred and forty-two dollars
and eight cents; and in making said adjust-
ment and settlement the said Edmund Jussen
is not to be charged for any liability growing
out of the failure to take bonds from Bass and
Powell upon their distillery destroyed by fire,
or the whisky therein, or in their warehouse,,
nor any matter connected therewith.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Jesse E. Peyton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay to Jesse E. Peyton, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the amount of a judgment, with
costs, recovered by John E. Hopkins against
said Jesse E. Peyton in the supreme court of
New Jersey, on account of the use of camp-
ground and buildings by the one hundred and
eightieth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers,
and for fuel furnished to said regiment.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCLIX.—An Act for the Relief of
Frederick Walter, Company A, fourth United
States Artillery.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he hereby is, authorized and
required to place the name of Frederick Wal-
ter, late private company A, fourth United.
States artillery, on the list of invalid pen-
sioners, and to cause him to be paid at the rate
of eight dollars per month from the passage of
this act.
Approved, March 3,1873.
