1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
aa they have had the right at any time to have
that coin received at its nominal value within
the limit fixed by the existing law, and it is
absolutely necessary that the Government
should have such a law. If this Government
is to receive at its nominal value coin that
has been reduced, abraded, it is a premium
on fraud at once. Men will go to work with
this process of sweating, and make money by
it, and come and get the nominal value for the
coin. This provision seems to me to be a
very essential feature in our laws. The Gov-
ernuiei.t will of course receive the coin at its
actual value ; but if we should now pass a
law that the Government would receive at its
nominal value abraded coin, this coin that is
in circulation in California, for instance
Mr. COLE. How much abraded ?
Mr. KRELINGHUYSEN. I do not remem-
ber the limit.
Mr. COLE. One tenth of oue per cent.
Mr. F11ELINGI1UYSEN. The rate now
ia one half of one percent.
Mr. COLE. No, sir, one tenth of one per
cent.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very well. It
is altogether immaterial what the rate is, The
point of difference is that which is insisted on
as covering the coin in California and that
which is provided by this bill, and that is the
mint to which I am directing my remarks.
They could have gone and had that coin
made anew, but they did not do go. Now
they w nt the rate increased, so as to cover
the abrasion which has taken place there, and
that very provision any person who was dis-
posed to commit a fraud upon the Treasury
could avail himself of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance, striking out the
words which have been read.
The question being put, it was declared
that the ayes appeared to have it,
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have a
decision on that.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have \iQt got a
quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator call for a division?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir, or the yeas
and nays in order that we may have the sense
of the Senate on the question. By the sound
the noes had it, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think no one voted but
the Senators from California. I suppose if
the question is put again and Senators respond
"ay '' or "no," there will be no difficulty in
deciding it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put tbe question again on striking out the
words which have been read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio was willing to permit the last
two lines to remain.
Mr. SEERMAN. I have no objection to
that clause, because it is in according with
existing law :
And any gold coins in the Treasury of the United
States reduced in weight below this limit of abrasion
shall be recoined.
That is the law now, and I have no objection
to retaining those words if it is desired.
Mr. CASSERLY. That means, abraded
below this limit of one half of one per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; we struck out
all about that.
Mr. CASSERLY. Tbe meaning of the
language is to be taken according to the place
in which it is put.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is fixed above. If
we strike out all between lines nineteen and
twenty-seven, then this clause will relate to the
language before line nineteen, which reads:
Which coins shall be a legal tender in all pay-
ments at their nominal value when not below the
standard weight and limit of tolerance provided by
this act for the single pipce, and, when reduced in
weight below said standard and tolerance, shall be
a leg.il tender at valuation in proportion to their
actual weight.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Sena-
tor to be willing to keep those words in the last
clause of the section just in the meaning they
had in that place : but, of course if he has a
different view of it I shall not contest it with
liim, because it is evident very few Senators
are paving attention to this subject.
The" PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment will be read.
The next amendment- was to strike out the
fifteenth section of the bill in the following
words :
Skc. 15. That any gold coin now in circulation the
weight of which is below the limit of abrasion pre-
scribed in this uct may be reoeived at the mints in
Philadelphia ami San Francisco at par in exchange
for silver coins: Provided, That the circulation of
such gold coin, as shown by the date of coinage, has
been sufficient to produce such loss by natural abra-
sion; and the coins so received shall be recoined;
but no gold coins which appear to have been artifi-
cially -educed shall come within the provisions of
this section.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that
secon is one which should be retained not
only for the general reasons applicable to the
other section which I stated, but for the fur-
ther reason that there ia a protection provided
by the express language of this section which
it seems to me is absolutely sufficient. The
language ia:
That any gold coin now in circulation the weight
of which is below the limit of abrasion prescribed
in this act may be received at the mints in Phila-
delphia and San Francisco at par in exchange for
silver coins: Provided, That the circulation of such
gold coin, as shown by the date of coinage, hasbeen
sufficient to produco such loss by natural abrasion;
and the coins so received shall be recoined; but no
gold coins which appear to have been artificially
reduced shall come within the provisions of this
section.
Of course that section, if it is to remain in
the sense in which I desire it to remain, should
be modified so as to refer to the limit of abra-
sion just stricken out, that is, not more than
one half of one per cent, on the double eagle
and eagle, and one per cent, on other coins.
I presumed, after the amendment the Senate
has just adopted, the Senator from Ohio would
be willing to retain the fifteenth section.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the fifteenth section
is the one I have been debating all the time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I must have the
wrong bill before me.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ia the same bill that
the Senator has before him: but the two
amendments go together. If one falls the
other falls. Is it right, is it just that the
people of the United States should maintain
the gold in circulation in California against
the abrasion of honest people as well as the
abrasion of rogues, when it refuses to main-
tain its own paper currency against the abra-
sion of accident? When our paper currency
is reduced in value by being mutilated to the
amount of one sixteenth, the holder of the bill
loses to the extent of that mutilation, and the
[ Treasury redeems the paper at so much less,
in proportion to the loss of the bill. A uiuti-
I lated bill presented to the Treasury is not re-
, deemed at its nominal value. It is reduced
; in proportion to the amount presented. In
i order to avoid fraud, it is indispensably
necessary to have such a provision. Indeed
the Senators from California aud their con-
stituents are much more interested in the pas-
sage of this bill than the people of Ohio ; and
I hope, therefore, if they want the sense of
the Senate on this question they will take it
by yeas and nays, and let us go on with (hp
bill. I believe this is the only controverted
point in the bill. I think the people of the
Pacific coast who persist in circulating gold
coin rather than paper money should not
seek to get the people of the United States at
large to make good their abraded coin, not
only against honest abrasion, but against dis-
honest abrasion; aud, as Professor Barnard
has told us, it is utterly impossible to distin-
guish between honest and dishonest abrasion.
Mr. COLE. Before the Senator takes his
seat, I should like to ask him who pays for
printing the United States notes? Do not the
people ol the United States at large pay for
it, the people of California as well as the peo-
ple everywhere else ? And as to this other
point about the notes being torn, what we are
providing for is equivalent to furnishing notes
that have been effaced without being torn. It
is provided here thaj, if the coin is not abraded
beyond a certain extent it shall be recoined at
the expense of the United States. That is the
effect of the proposition, but if it is reduced
beyond that, as if a bill were torn one sixteenth
or one fourth, then there shall be no relief for
the party holding it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on striking out the fifteenth section.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not propose to
debate this bill at any length; but it is quite
impossible for me to do my duty, as I under-
stand it, to the people of California, or iudeed
of the United States who uBe gold coin, with-
out suggesting the objections to it that occur
to me. I understand the natural desire of the
Senator from Ohio to get the bill passed with
expedition. At the same time, each one of
us here has to do his duty according to his
lights.
I see no kind of analogy in the compari-
son which the Senator makes between gold
coin that is abraded and a legal-tender note
which is reduced in size to the extent of one
sixteenth. In the case of the note the reduc-
tion is visible, it is easily ascertained. In the
case of the coin, it not only is not easily
ascertainable, but the whole argument of the
Senator is it is so difficult to be ascertained
as to make it dangerous to receive them at
the Treasury,
The Senator aims to make some point in
what he says of the people of California,
namely, that they insisted on retaining a
specie currency. Why, Mr. President, the
people there had no choice about it. There
never was a period of time between the going
out of gold coin in the country at large and
the coming in of paper as the sole currency
when we could have made any such change,
in California. Our whole system of values
: was based upon gold coin. We could not
■ have changed it if we had tried without such a
] disturbance as would have been a calamity to
i the State, from which, perhaps, she would not
have recovered for years. We never have dis-
! credited the paper of the country. On the
| contrary, we have always given from three
J fourths of one per cent, to one aud a half per
I cent, more for it than was paid for it in the
State of the Senator from Ohio. The green-
backs of the Government, in reference to which
so much is thrown out here against California,
! are now and always have been in better credit
| to-day in the city of San Francisco than in
I any city this side of the Rocky mountains.
You can get fewer of them for the same amount
in gold in San Francisco than you can in Phil-
adelphia, New York, Cincinnati, or Chicago.
Yet we are constantly met when we seek to do
anything to relieve the people of California in
reference to the condition of the coinage there
by the reproach that we insisted on keeping in
California the gold coin of the country. Why,
Mr. President, was it wrong for a State when
s£ie had the right to choose between two kinds
of lawful money to choose that kind which
formed her currency, and more than that,
which formed her entire standard and basis
of value?
Our situation in California in regard to our
gold currency is one of very considerable diffi-
culty, an*} may become one of danger at any
time, By the practice of the Federal officers
there, all the new coin is systematically sent
out of the country and the old coin is re-
tained. The miner who takes his bullion to
the mint in San Francisco to have it coined is,
in nine cases out of ten, paid for it in the old
coin of the country, abraaed and reduced in
