672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
value as it is. The result is that the old worn I
coin, instead of being taken up by the officers '
of the Government, as in the custom-house,
and sent 011 here to the Treasury, is returned
into the circulation of the State, to be more
aud more abraded and reduced, and the new
twenty-dollar coins are sent forward to the
Treasury at this side. It is not hard to see
what must one day be the result of this state
of things.
It seems to me, sir, that when we provide
as we do in this section for the redemption of
gold coins when the abrasion is no more than
might honestly have taken place in the time
during which, as the figures on their face show,
they must have been in circulation, and when
the section is further guarded for the protec-
tion of the Government against any sort of
fraudulent or wrongful abrasion, there ought
to be no unwillingness to retain the section as
it came from the House.
I have proceeded all through upon the theory
that these fraudulent abrasions were very diffi-
cult of detection, because that is the argument
of the Senator from Ohio. My recollection of
a number of criminal cases in England on the
subject of sweating coin and similar offenses
in the nature of fraudulent abrasions is that
the crime is not so very difficult of detection,
and that the condition of the coin will exhibit
it to any person who inspects it closely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment striking out the
fifteenth section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion [seventeen] sixteen, in the following
words :
Sec. [17] 16. That the minor coins of the United
States shall be a five-cent piece, a three-cent piece,
and a one-cent piece; and the alloy for minor coin-
age shall be of copper and nickel, to be composed
of three fourths copper and one fourth nickel; the
weight of the piece of five cents shall be five grams,
or seventy-seven and sixteen hundredths grains
troy; of the three-cent piece, three grams, or forty-
six and thirty hundredths grains; and of the one-
cent piece, one and one naif grams, or twenty-
three and fifteen hundredths grains; which coins
shall be legal tender, at their nominal value, for
any amount not exceeding twenty-five cents in any
* one payment.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the minor coins of the United States shall be
a five-cent piece, a three-cent piece, and a one-cent
piece: and the alloy lor the five and three-cent pieces
shall be of copper and nickel, to be composed of
three fourths copper and one fourth nickel; and the
alloy of the one-cent piece shall be ninety-five per
cent, of copper and five per cent, of tin and zinc,
in such proportions as shall be determined by the
Director of the Mint. The weight of the piece of
five cents shall be seventy-seven and sixteen hun-
dredths grains troy: of the three-cent piece, thirty
grains; and of the one-cent piece, forty-eight grains ;
which coins shall be a leg.il tender, at their nominal
value, for any amount not exceeding twenty-five
cents in any one payment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an omission in
the matter proposed to be inserted by the com-
mittee. I move to insert in line eleven, after
the words '' twenty-five cent piece," the words
"and a dime or ten-cent piece."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was in section [eight-
teon] nineteen, line nine, to insert after the
words "three-dollar piece" the words "the
silver dollar, half dollar, quarter dollar," and
also to insert in line eleven, after the wortl
"omitted," the words "and on the reverse
of the silver dollar, half dollar, quarter dollar,
and the dime respectively, there shall be in-
scribed the weight and the fineness of the
coin so that the section will read :
Sec. [19] 18. That upon the coins of the United
States there shall be the following devices and
legends: upon one side there shall be an impression
emblematic of liberty, with an inscription of the
word "Liberty"and the year of the coinage, and
upon the reverse shall be the figure or representation
of an eagle, with the inscriptions " United States of
America" and " E Huribus Ununi," and a designa-
tion of the value of the coin ; but on the gold dollar
and three-dollar pieca, the silverdollar, half dollar,
quarter dollar, the dime, five, three, and one-cent
piece the figure of the eagle shall be omitted ; and
on the reverse of the silver dollar, half dollar, quar-
terdollar, and the dime, respectively, there shall be
inscribed the weight and fineness of the coin: and the
Director of the Mint, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, may cause the motto " In
God we trust" to be inscribed upon such coins as
shall admit of such motto ; and any one of the fore-
going inscriptions may be on the rim of the gold
and silver coins.
Mr. CASSERLY. It may be a matter of
sentiment, but sentiment sometimes goes a
great way, especially in thoge cases where it
is difficult to reduce the action of men to a
mere logical standard. I regret that the eagle
is to disappear from the dollar, half dollar,
and quarter dollar of our coinage. It will
hardly be possible to think of a half dollar
or a quarter dollar as being such a coin without
the eagle upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see
that the reason is because it is necessary to
describe the weight and fineness of the coin.
This amendment has been proposed by the
officers of the Mint. They have adopted a
plan of describing on each coin its weight and
fineness.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the use of that
when we know that the weight of the coin is
constantly being reduced ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason given to us
is because it has been adopted as a mode of
international coinage. This method has been
adopted in the corresponding coins of France
and all the countries of Europe, pretty much,
of describing upon the face of the coin its
intrinsic weight and fineness.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must say I never saw
a coin marked in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the reason the
officers of the Mint give for this change.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator whether
he is very strenuoas in his advocacy of this
amendment. I should like to save the Amer-
ican eagle on the half dollar and quarter
dollar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The eagle is preserved
on all the gold coins in a size large enough to
be caged. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. But the half dollar and
quarter dollar are the money of the people,
and they are the leading coins of our entire
silver coinage. I do not think it is of so
much importance to put the fineness or the
weight upon a half dollar or a quarter dollar
as it might be upon a gold coin. I have never
seen any foreign coin, and of course no Amer-
ican coin, marked in that way. To have the
weight of the coin upon gold coin may be a
useful thing because of the great preciousness
of the metal; but what is the importance of
having the weight inscribed upon the half
dollar or quarter dollar ? Does anybody ever
weigh half dollars or quarter dollars in
business ?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, he will see that the preceding section pro-
vides for coin which is exactly interchangeable
with the English shilling and the five-franc
piece of France ; that is, a five-franc piece of
France will be the exact equivalent of a dollar
of the United States in our silver coinage; and
in order to show this wherever our silver coin
shall float—and we are providing that it shall
float all over the world—we propose to stamp
upon it, instead of our eagle, which foreigners
may not understand, and which they may not
distinguish from a buzzard, or some other bird,
the intrinsic fineness and weight of the coin.
In this practical utilitarian age the officers of
the Mint seemed to think it would be better to
do that than to put the eagle on our silver
coins. I must confess I do not think it is very
important; but I think the Senator ought to
be willing to defer in these matters to the prac-
tical knowledge of the officers who have charge
of this branch of the Government service. I
will say that Mr. Linderman, whom the Sen-
ator must know, has suggested this as being a
convenient mode of promoting international
, coinage.
Mr. CASSERLY. We cannot have an in-
ternational coinage on the basis of our silver
coin unless our silver coin is up to the standard
of all the nations with which we expect to have
relations. Now, I ask the Senator whether
this bill proposes a, silver coinage of that
character ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill proposes a
silver coinage exactly the same as the French,
and what are called the associated nations of
Europe, who have adopted the international
standard of silver coinage; that is, the dollar
provided for by this bill is the precise equiva-
lent ot the five-franc piece. It contains the
same number of grams of silver ; and we have
adopted the international gram instead of the
grain for the standard of our silver coinage.
The "trade dollar" has been adopted mainly
for the benefit of the people of California, and
others engaged in trade with China. That is
the only coin measured by the grain instead of
by the gram. The intrinsic value of each is to
be stamped upon the coin.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand the
Senator to say then that the intrinsic value of
the dollar, half dollar, and quarter dollar is
raised by this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. There Is a difference of
about one half of one per cent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose it must be
raised to the basis of international exchange.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is slightly
raised, so as to conform with foreign coins.
The Chamber of Commerce of New York
first recommended this change, and it has been
adopted, I believe, by all the learned societies
who have given attention to coinage, and has
been recommended to us I believe as the gen-
eral desire. That is embodied in these three
or four sections of amendment, to make our
silver coinage correspond in exact form and
dimensions, and shape and stamp, with the
coinage of the associated nations of Europe,
who have adopted an international silver coin-
age. I do not like myself to break in upon
this plan, or to change it in the slightestdegree,
but prefer to leave it to the proper officers of
the Mint. Indeed I would be perfectly willing
to leave the whole thing to the officers of the
Mint rather than to fix it by law. That was
not deemed convenient, and therefore we had
to drop the American eagle from these minor
silver coins.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not prepared to go
as far as that. I would not leave it to any-
body to remove from the eyes and the thoughts
ofthe people those symbols of nationality which
have stood this country in such good stead on
many a hard-fought day by land and sea ; and
which may have to do the same service in the
same way for many generations to come.
While we laugh a good deal about the Ameri-
can eagle and the uses to which he is put by
orators, political and otherwise, on the Fourth
of July and other days, we must all feel that the
associations that cluster around the American
eagle are associations that make him a symbol
of power, and I am not at all satisfied, because
we desire to put the weight and fineness upon
our half dollar and our quarter dollar, that,
therefore, it is necessary to abolish the Amer-
ican eagle. The eagle, it is said, suffers little
birds to sing, and the eagle will not object to
having his value in the countries of the world
put under his wing on the coin. I say retain
the eagle and put whatever marks you like
upon the face of your coin to indicate itsweight
and fineness. I do not think they will be of any
value in regard to the silver coins of the de-
nomination of half dollar and quarter dollar;
but if the Senator is strongly ot' opinion that
they ought to be there, let them be there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose to strike out
the words in italics in line nine of section
[nineteen] eighteen, "the silver dollar, half
dollar, quarter dollar.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
