1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
Laios of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Elvira A. Maxey,
widow of Joshua C. Maxey, late sergeant in
company I, forty eighth regiment, Illinois vol-
unteers, and to pay her a pension from the
passage of this act, for herself and for her minor
children under sixteen years of age.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXIX.'—An Act granting a Pension
to liliza J. Humphrey, widow of James R.
Humphrey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Eliza J. Humphrey,
widow of James R. Humphrey, late a private
in company H, in the eighty-first regiment
Indiana volunteer infantry, and to pay her a
pension from the passage of this act as a pri-
vate's widow, and in respect to her minor
children under sixteen years of age.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXX.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act granting a Pension to Cap-
tain Henry M. Scott," approved April nine,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Am,erica in
Congress assembled, That the act granting a
pension to Captain Henry M. Scott, approved
April ninth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, be and the same is hereby so amended as
to substitute "seventieth" for "seventeenth"
so that the concluding clause shall read,
"Henry M. Scott, late a captain in company
A, seventieth regiment, of Indiana volun-
teers."
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXXt.—An Act to remove the
Political Disabilities of David Coleman, of
Buncombe county, North Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two-thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That the political dis-
bilities imposed 'on David Coleman, of Bun-
combe county, North Carolina, by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution, be, and
they are hereby, removed.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXXIL— An Act to remove the
Political Disabilities of James D. Halybur-
ton, of Virginia, and Thomas G. Williams,
of San Antonio, in the State of Texas.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, (two thirds of each House
concurring therein,) That all political disabili-
ties imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States be, and the same are hereby,
removed from James D. Halyburton, of Vir-
ginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of San Anto-
nio, in the State of Texas.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of
John Paine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
required to pay, out of any moneys not other-
wise appropriated in the Treasury, to John
Paine the sum of four hundred and ten dol-
lars, which has been found to be due to him by
reason of the unjust seizure and detention of
twenty thousand five hundred cigars, and which
were consumed by accidental fire while in the
care and custody of the internal revenue offi-
cers who made the seizure aforesaid.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
the Heirs and Legal Representatives of Lcon-
idas Haskell, deceased.
Be it enactedby the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That jurisdiction and
authority are hereby conferred on the Court
of Claims to adjudicate, on terms of equity
and justice, the claims of the heirs and legal
representatives of Leonidas Haskell, deceased,
for stores furnished the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the Army of the United States in the
year eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and there-
after; and there shall be the right of appeal
from the finding and judgment of said Court
of Claims to the Supreme Court of the United
States, as iu other cases.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CDLXXV.—An Act granting a Pension
to Mrs. Mollie L. Roberts.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Mollie L.
Roberts, widow of John S. Roberts, late first
lieutenant in the twenty-second regiment of
Indiana volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month from tho death
of her husband, who at the time of his death
was receiving a pension as such lieutenant, and
to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, March 3, 187S.
