THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2nd Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1852.
New Series....No. 1.
This is tile first number of the Congressional Globe for
the second session of the Thirty Second Congress. It will
contain all the Proceedings ot Congress, except such as may
be withheld bv Members several days for revision, which
will be printed in the .Ippcnlix, with the Message of the
President of the United States and the Reports of the Ex-
ecutive Departments. All the Laws that may be passed
during the session will be published in the same form, so
that they may be bound up with the Congressional Globe
and Appendix.
Subscription price of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix and the Laws for this session, (payable in advance,)
03 00.
THIRTY-SECOND CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 6, 1852.
This being the day set apart by the Constitution
for the meeting; of Congress, the Senators assem-
bled in their Chamber at twelve o'clock, m., when
the Hon. William R. King, President of the Sen-
ate, called the body to order.
The following Senators were present: From the
State of
Maine—Messrs. Bradbury and Hamlin.
Vermont—Messrs. Upham and Foot.
Massachusetts—Messrs. Davis and Sumner.
Rhode Island—Messrs. Clarke and James.
Connecticut—Messrs. Smith and Toucey.
«,Yeic York—Messrs. Seward and Fish.
„\>to Jersey—Mr. Miller.
Pennsylvania—Messrs. Brodhead and Cooper.
Delaware—Messrs. Spruance and Bayard.
Maryland—Mr. Pratt.
Virginia—Mr. Mason.
North Carolina—Mr. Mangum.
Georgia—Messrs. Dawson and Charlton.
Florida—mr. Morton.
Jllabama—Messrs. King and Clemens.
Mississippi—Messrs. Brooke and Adams.
Louisiana—mr. Downs.
Texas—Mr. Rusk.
«Arkansas—Mr. Borland.
Missouri—Messrs. Atchison and Geyer.
Tennessee—Mr. Jones.
Kentucky—Mr. Dixon appeared, and his creden-
tials were presented. i
Ohio—Messrs. Chase and Wade. j
Indiana—Messrs. Bright and Cathcart.
IUincns—Messrs. Douglas and Shields. j
Michigan—Messrs. Cass and Felclt. !
Wisconsin—Mr. Dodge.
Iowa—Mr. Dodge. j
California—Messrs. Uwin and Weller. i
Prayer by the Rev. c. M. Buti.er, Chaplain to
the Senate.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. bright presented the credentials of the
Hon. Charles W. Cathcart, appointed by the
Governor of Indiana to fill the vacancy occasioned
by the death of the Hon. James Whitcomb. !
The credentials were read, and Mr. Cathcart [
was qualified and took his seat.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TWO HOUSES.
a message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Forney, its Clerk: i
"Mr. President: I am directed to inform the Senate
that a quorum of the Hoilse of Representatives has assem- !
bled, and the House of Representatives are ready to proceed
to business.
"The House of Representatives have passed a resolution
to appoint a committee, to join such committee as may be
appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait on the Presi-
dent of the United States and inform him that a quorum
of the two Houses has assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication he may be pleased to j
make; and Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, Mr. Haven,and Mr. ]
Rob it ins have been appointed the committee on the part of
the House." j
On motion by Mr. bright, it was
Resolved, That a committee of two be appointed by the
President of the Senate, jointly with the committee ap-
pointed on the part of the House of Representatives, to wait
on the President of the United States and inform him that
a quorum of each House has assembled, and that Congress
is ready to receive any communication he may be pleased
to make.
Mr. Bright and Mr. Davis were appointed the
committee.
SUCCESSOR TO MR. CLAY.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
beg leave to present the credentials of the Hon.
Archibald Dixon, Senator elect from the State of
Kentucky, and I ask that they may be read.
The credentials were accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
Kentucky, set:
The Legislature of this Commonwealth, on the 30th of
December, 1851, having chosen Archibald Dixon, Esq., a
Senator in the Congress of the United States from the State
of Kentucky, to serve fbr the unexpired term rendered va-
cant by the resignation of Henry Clay, which has been made
and accepted to take effect from the first Monday of Sep-
tember, 1852, until the end of the term for which the said'
Henry Clay was elected—I, Lazarus W. Powell, being Gov-
ernor or Chief Magistrate of the Commonwealth ot Ken-
tucky, do hereby certify the same to the Senate of the
United States.
Given under my hand and the seal of this Com-
[t. s.] inonwealth, this 6th day of January, 1852, and
the sixtieth year of the Commonwealth.
L. VV. POWELL.
By the Governor:
David Meriwether, Secretary of State.
A. P. Metcalf, Assistant Secretary of State.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I do not think
there is a vacancy in the Senate from Kentucky,
and I wish that question to be now brought up.
There were two Senators at the close of the last
session filling the two seats from the State of Ken-
tucky, and 1 know of no law and no provision of
the Constitution that has created a vacancy in the
seat occupied by one of the Senators from Ken-
tucky since the last session. I therefore raise the
question whether or not there is a vacancy for the
gentleman, whose credentials have been presented,
to fill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, 1
do not know what question the Senator from Cal-
' ifornia makes. Does he propose a reference, or
does he propose that the gentleman presenting his
credentials shall not be sworn in?
Mr. GWIN. That is it.
Mr. JONES. I hope the honorable Senator
from California will make some motion in refer-
ence to this question, and then I shall know what
he proposes.
Mr. GWIN. ' I object to the gentleman's being
sworn in. I say there is no vacancy. I say there
is no seat from Kentucky vacant which the gentle-
man can fill, and therefore he cannot be sworn in.
Mr. JONES. Then the Senator from Califor-
nia objects to the gentleman named in these cre-
dentials taking his seat. I would inquire if there
is any gentleman upon this floor claiming to be a
Senatorfrom Kentuckyfor the vacancy occasioned
by the death or resingnation ofMr. Clay? If there
isanysuch contestant here, I desire to know it. If
there is no contestant, then the objection made by
the Senator from California, it seems to me, cannot
be maintained. If there were a contestant there
might be some propriety in his position; but I am
not aware that there is any gentleman claiming
the seat except the gentleman mentioned in the
certificate of election which I have presented. I
do not understand that the gentleman who was
here, by an appointment from the Governor of
Kentucky, at the last session of the Senate, is here
now claiming this seat; but, on the contrary, I
understand that he disclaims any contest for it;
that he is not here asking for the seat; that he does
not appear in the Senate to take the seat, and is
not demanding to be heard on the subject. In the
absence of any contest, it seems to me plain—ac-
cording to every precedent established by the
Senate, as far as I nave been able to inquire, with
but one solitary exception—that the gentleman
presenting his credentials, is to be admitted to the
seat for the time being. There has been but one
solitary case where a seat has been denied under
such circumstances. There have been very many
cases of contest where the credentials were pre-
sented and the gentlemen holding them permitted
to take seats and afterwards those credentials were
referred to committees and reported upon. In
some instances a gentleman has been ousted, in
others, retained in his seat. There was, as I have
said, a solitary exception.
Mr. MANGUM. What was that? Was it
the case of Lanman ?
Mr. JONES. It is not material as to the name.
There was but one case, and in that the Journal
does not state the ground on which he was refused
to be admitted to his seat. The simple statement
is, that a motion was made to refer his creden-
tials to a committee, which reference was made
before the oath of office was administered. There
are many other cases which I might mention, and
will mention, if the subject be pressed, showing
that where there is no contestant the gentleman
presenting his credentials is entitled to take his
seat. The commission is prima facie evidence,
and theSenate have acted upon that as satisfactory,
and given the party holding it his seat; afterward*
making inquiry if there was any question to be
made. I admit, if there were a gentleman here
claiming the seat which this commission gives, or
purports to give to Mr. Dixon, that gentleman
might come here and ask for an examination of
the subject by a committee; but I repeat again,
that I am authorized to say, there is no gentleman
here contesting this seat. If there is any one
here contesting it, why is he not present? or why
does he not authorize some gentleman to say that
he is contesting it? I make thatquestion. If the
matter be pressed, I will go on with the present-
ation of precedents as they have occurred in the
history of the Senate. I put this question to the
Senate: I ask them to consider whether they will
refuse Mr. Dixon the oath of office when there ia
nobody here claiming his seat? If there is any-
thing informal, anything illegal, anything uncon-
stitutional in his election, how are you to get at it?
You must get at it by memorial, petition, or con-
test. No man is here memorializing; no man is
petitioning; no man is contesting the seat; find
without the slightest shadow of pretext, you pro-
pose to refuse to permit Mr. Dixon to take the
seat; thereby disfranchising one of the States of
this Union; thereby setting aside the broad seal of
one of the sovereign States, without even present-
ing to the Senate the ground upon which you do it;
If another man be entitled to the seat, namehim.
let him stand up here, and present his claim, and
I will consider it impartially; and if 1 should find
that he was entitled to the seat over Mr. Dixon, I
would vote to give it to him; but if there is no-
body asking for the seat, how can we refuse to
give it to the party who comes with prima facie
evidence that he is entitled to it? All men will ad-
mit that Kentucky is entitled to two Senators upon
this floor, and she has but one Senator on the floor
now,as far as we know; and if you reject this com-
mission, she will have but one Senator, because no
other man is here asking for the place. If the gen-
tleman from California persists in this objection, I
shall be able, I think, to present divers cases where
the question has been clearly settled, that the
commission is prima facie evidence; and that,
where there is no contest, he who holds it is to be
admitted to take his seat, as a matter of course.
In this case, there is no contest, and therefore I
cannot see why there should be any objection to
allowing Mr. Dixon to be sworn.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the Senator from
Tennessee has certainly taken strange ground in
regard to this question. He talks about a vacancy.
I say there is no vacancy. I say that the vacancy
in the Senate from the State of Kentucky, origin-
ating upon the death of Mr. Clay, has been filled,
was filled at the time referred to in these creden-
tials, and is now filled. I objected to the creden-
tials given to the party who, I contend, fills the
seat, at the time they were presented. I objected
to them because they contained a limit which the
Governor had no right to place there, and I say
that Mr. Meriwether, having taken his seat to
fill the vacancy until it is filled by the Legislature
of Kentucky, is the Senator. This is a new ques-
tion, I will acknowledge. Such a one has never
before occurred in the history of the country. It
is a new one in the history of the Senate.
