THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
Mr. MANGUM. In that the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. GWIN. I insist there is no vacancy from
Kentucky; and I object to this gentleman being
sworn in as Senator until the Judiciary Commit-
tee act upon it. I am willing to let the question
be referred to that committee for investigation.
Mr. COOPER. It seems to me that if the
honorable Senator from California [Mr. Givim]
had carefully read the provision of the Constitu-
tion providing for the filling of vacancies in this
body, he would not have objected to the swearing
of the Senator elect from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon.]
The language of the Constitution is, that " if
• vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise,
' during the recess of the Legislature of any State,
' the Executive thereof may make temporary ap-
' pointments until the next meeting of the Legisla-
' ture of such State."
By this clause of the Constitution, it will be
seen that the power of the Executive of a State to
make temporary appointments to fill vacancies,
is limited to cases in which the vacancy occurs
during the recess of the Legislature.
The history of this case is briefly this: Mr.
Clay, during the last session of the Senate, re-
signed his seat, to take effect at a future day, be-
fore which he died. At the time his resignation
took effect, the Legislature of Kentucky was in
session, and proceeded to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by such resignation by the election of Mr.
Dixon, whose credentials have just been pre-
sented. That the Legislature of Kentucky had
power to elect a Senator to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of Mr. Clay, is scarcely
to be doubted. It has certainly been the univer-
sal practice for the Legislatures of the several
States to fill vacancies occasioned by resignations
before the period at which such resignations took
effect. If, then, the Legislature of Kentucky had
the power to elect Mr. Dixon before the resigna-
tion of Mr. Clay took effect, no subsequent act of
the Executive could impair or invalidate such elec-
tion; and that the Executive thought so himself,
is apparent from the terms of Mr. Meriwether's
commission.
If Mr. Clay had lived to the first day of Sep-
tember, the period fixed for his resignation, no ]
one would question, I presume, the right of Mr. !.
Dixon to his seat. How, then, did his death af- l|
feet the question ? It could not surely invalidate'
it if it were originally constitutional and legal.
I have said the practice was universal for the
Le gislatures of the several States to fill vacancies
to take effect in futuro. Not long since, if I re-
member right, there was an example of this kind
in my own State. I refer to the election of Gen- '
eral Cameron, on the resignation of Mr. Buchanan
at the time he was appointed Secretary of State.
He resigned to take effect, I think, on the third
of March, and General Cameron was elected in
the interim, between the period of the resignation
and the time at which it was to take effect.
In this case, the term of the Senator appointed
by the Governor of Kentucky to fill the vacancy
existing between the period of the death of Mr.
Clay and the commencement of the term of his
successor, elected by the Legislature, was limited
to the period fixed by Mr. Clay for his resigna-
tion to take effect. This, I admit, is of no im-
portance, except in so far as it goes to show how
this question is understood in Kentucky. If the
limitation of the Executive of Kentucky is in con-
travention of the Constitution, such limitation is
void; and void, in my judgment, without avoiding
the commission. Some of my friends on this side
of the Chamber think differently; but I have little
or no doubt on the subject. I repeat, that I have
no doubt whatever that Mr. Dixon is entitled to
his sent, and entitled to it now; and he is so be- ,
cause if the act. of the Legislature in electing him 1
was constitutional and valid at the time of his |
e'ection, no act of the Governor, or of anybody I
else, could invalidate it subsequently. •
Mr. MANGUM. The honorable Senator from
California [Mr. Giviv] is mistaken in the allega-
tion that there is no precedent of this description
in the history of this Government. So far from
that assertion being correct, there is a precedent
exactly in point, and, as lawyers say, in every
part of it in quatuor pedibus. I looked at it this '
morning. Mr. Clay, in the month of January,
1842, or the December preceding, resigned nis
seat in the Senate, the resignation to take effect on '
the 31st of March, or the 1st of April following, I
do not remember which. Mr. Crittenden was
elected to fill the vacancy. No official notification
of that resignation was given to this body, but a
notification was given to the Executive of Ken-
tucky. In this case, in the month of December
last, Mr. Clay sent his resignation to the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky, to take effect on the first Mon-
day of last September. No official notification
was furnished to this body of that resignation, in
which respect both resignations were exactly
alike. In the first instance, Mr. Crittenden was
elected the successor of Mr. Clay. He arrived in
the city of Washington on the first day of April,
1842. Prom his seat Mr. Clay presented his own
resignation, and before he sat down presented the
certificate of the election of Mr. Crittenden, who
was admitted and sworn. On that occasion Mr.
Clay made his farewell address to the Senate.
Both thosegentlemen occupied a seat in this body.
In that instance there was not a whisper of objec-
tion from any quarter. It passed—and thus stands
as a precedent—with perfect unanimity, not only
. on the part of the Government of Kentucky, but
on the part of the Senate of the United States.
Sir, 1 had hardly expected to live to see us re-
enact the scenes of the New Jersey case, which
happened some years ago in the House of Rep-
resentatives, which was burned with a brand that
was heated to a white heat by the public reproba-
tion of the whole United States—by men of all
parties. Sir, when credentials are presented here
under the proper signature, and with the proper
accompaniments, they are regarded as prima facie
evidence, as I have always understood since I have
had a seat on this floor, and always accepted. That
by no means forecloses investigation afterwards;
but the State, in the mean time, is entitled to be
represented; and by whom represented, except by
him who presents the prima facie case? If upon
examination it should turn out that it is not a good
case, another will be substituted. No instance to
the contrary has happened in my knowledge. I
do not know what the precedent is to which the
honorable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
alludes; certainly, sir, none has occurred, I im-
agine, in yourtimeof servicein this body, or mine
—yours is longer than mine. If it is designed to
make a question about the filling of this vacancy,
let the Senator who makes the prima facie present-
ation be received; let the oath of office be admin-
istered to him; and then refer his credentials to a
committee to be examined; and m the mean time
Kentucky will have the full representation to which
she is entitled.
Sir, unlesa you can invalidate a resignation to
take effect in the future, it is almost impossible to
make anything out of this case. Many, many
resignations have been made in this body to take
effect at a future day. The former case of Mr.
Clay's resignation passed nem. con., without a
dissenting voice either in the State of Kentucky,
or in the Senate Chamber, and you will find upon
the very credentials presented by the honorable
Mr. Meriwether here at the last session, that
they proceed on the assumption that Mr. Clay
had an undoubted right to resign, and his resigna-
tion to take effect in futuro. I do not know what
may be made out of the idea of filling vacancies,
there being no vacancy. Under certain contin-
gencies, the Executive has a right to appoint one
who is merely a locum lenens; and it is for the
purpose of carrying out that cardinal view, that
every State may be represented until the Legisla-
ture shall supply it by the regularly-organized,
constitutional authority. If the proposition can
be maintained that any Senator here cannot resign
to take effect ten or twenty days hence, something
may be made out of the objection now raised to
these credentials. There is no instance, I under-
take to say,—and I say it, without examining fur-
ther, upon the supposition that the Senate, have
always acted upon sound principles of common
sense,—upon the records of the Senate in which
that proposition has been maintained. The regu-
lar couse, I apprehend, here would be that the
gentleman presenting the prima facie case of elec-
tion, should be admitted to take his oath of office.
The State will then be fully represented. If, how-
ever, there are thought to be solid objections to
his taking his seat, let the matter go to a commit-
tee, which may report upon the facts and principles
connected with the case, upon which report we
may decide who should occupy the seat. I con-
sider that there is a good deal in the objection pre-
sented by the honorable Senator from "Tennessee.
I should like to see the honorable gentleman in
whose favor this claim is made, present himself
here and take the responsibility of claiming a seat
against the sovereign authority of the Legislature
of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Sir, it is certainly true that we have fallen upon
strange times, political convulsions, political earth-
quakes, and all that. We find gentlemen collected
here from all points of the compass, of every stripe
of principle and hue, acting in loving and harmo-
nious concert. That brotherhood must be grati-
fying to every philanthropist; and indeed I have
seen nothing in the world, nothing in animated na-
ture that seems to be assimilated in character with
it, unless it be a case of which I have read from
a report made by a very intelligent and scientific
officer of the Government, published within the last
year,—I allude to Captain Stansbury's R.eport. It
is stated that in his travels in the Southwest with his
scientific corps for the exploration of the Great Salt
Lake, they fell upon a region in which prairie dogs,
rattlesnakes, and even the owl, all sought shelter in
the same nests, and lived harmoniously and lov-
ingly together; the fang of the snake was never
stricken upon either of his good friends. That,
sir, seems to be perfectly parallel to the case which
we have seen presented in the recent political can-
vass. Asl shall not have liberty to speak in this
body after the expiration of this Congress, I desire
now to make a prediction; and probably I may
rise to the dignity of a prophet m this respect.
Though this union and harmony is very much like
that in the prairie to which I have alluded,! under-
take to predict, that in less than twenty months the
rattlesnake of the South will strike his fangs into
the prairie dog of the North, and that the blind owl
| of some portions of the West will also receive a
1 stroke. That prediction will go for what it is
i worth. If I get from it the reputation of a prophet
it may console me, somewhat und eservedly though
it may be, in my retirement.
At all events, coming back to the business be-
fore us in the Senate of the United States, we
I never can act a second drama of that odious New
Jersey case. Every State must be represented on
this floor,when it presents the prima fade evidence
of the election of erny one. Examine it afterwards,
and if anything can be made of it, well and good.
I, sir, shall stand here, as I always havedoneupon
j questions of this sort, to give a fair and impartial
j decision upon the case, as far as my judgment en-
ables me to form it, without reference either to the
prairie-dog, the rattlesnake, or to the bhnd owl, in
i politics.
Mr. WELLER. I have no disposition to en-
gage in the discussion of the question which is
now presented to the Senate. It is enough for me
to know that there are such doubts as require that
it should be made the subject of investigation by a
committee. But I rise for the purpose of making
one remark in answer to what has fallen from the
distinguished Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangum.] He says he is afraid that an attempt
is now to be made to revive the scenes which were
enacted in the House of Representatives, in regard
to the New Jersey contested-election case; and
that this country, without distinction of party, has
passed reprobation upon the conduct of the majori-
ty in that House. It is the first time I have ever
ascertained that fact. I was one of the actors in
those scenes. I was one of the party who believed
that those who presented the certificates of elec-
tion were not entitled to their seats, until a com-
| mittee had passed upon them. What were the
j facts there ? Why, sir, there was one set of mem-
I bers claiming the right to their seats by virtue of a
j certificate under the broad' seal of the Governor
of the State; and there was another set of men
j who laid upon the table of the Clerk of the House
I an officially-certified copy of the poll-book, which
showed that the men who presented the certifi-
! cate of the Governor were not entitled to seats,
j not having received a majority of the legal votes,
j Therefore, although the certificate gave a prima
, facie right to a seat, there waS"evidence lying upon
1 the table of the Clerk which rebutted that prima
facie evidence, by showing that the certificate had
not been issued in accordance with the poll-book.
I say, therefore, that the honorable Senator from
North Carolina is mistaken, when he assumes that
the country has passed condemnation upon that act.
The facts will not warrant any such declaration.
