1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I undertake to say that no such judgment has ever
been rendered by the country.
Mr. MANGL'M. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him? I was nolan actor upon the
public theater at that time: I spoke from general
recollection only. I remember to have heard the
trumpet in 1840, immediately after the event to
which reference has been made, sound as loudly as
the Whigs have heard it sounded during the past
November, and the Administration then in power
went out with a storm of public reprobation such
as was received by no Administration that ever
left power in this country since the year 1801. I
did not mean to discuss the merits of that question;
but I knew that in the canvass of 1840, amongst
a mountain of charges and allegations of iniquity
piled upon the Administration of Mr. VanBuren,
who is now in the same nest with the rattlesnake
of the South, few were more effective than the
violent i^as it was esteemed) course of the House
of Representatives in resisting and overruling the
prime facie evidence of the broad seal of New Jer-
sey, with a view to political advantage.
Mr. WELLER. I am very glad to learn an-
other fact from the Senator from North Carolina—
that the great contest of 1840, which resulted in
the defeat of the Democratic party, turned upon the
question of who were entitled to seats in the House
of Representatives from the State of New Jersey !
I say, sir, I have learned that; but I am a young
man, and I trust I shall continue to learn. I have
no objection to learn even from the Senator from
North Carolina, who says that his counsels are
aoon to be withdrawn from this Chamber. That,
sir, is a misfortune, and will be a loss to the Sen-
ate, though I trust the country will survive it. But
I desired simply, because 1 had been an actor in,
and had made my first appearance upon, the case
on which the honorable Senator says the country
has passed judgment, to present it in its proper as-
pect. I was not aware that that was even one of
the causes which contributed to the defeat of the
Democratic party in the ever-memorable contest of
1840.
And now, in regard to the recent contest; I have
no disposition to enter into a discussion with the
Senator from North Carolina, of the questions
which were involved in it. I trusted that he would
have come here in a more amiable mood. It is
true that his party has been defeated. ft attempted
by a system of humbuggery to deceive the coun-
try. It has most signally failed in that deception;
and my friend from North Carolina ought to take
it with a better grace than he does. [Laughter.]
I trust- that in the retirement of private life, he
will find ample time to repent of all his political
pins, numerous though they may be. There is
Still hope even for him; for, in the language of
the psalmist,
" While the lamp holds out to burn,
TJie vilest sinner may return." [Laughter.]
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following resolution,
which will present the question in its proper form:
Resolved, That tlie credentials of Archibald Dtxon, Eeq.,
be referred to a select committee of five, who shall consider
aiid report thereon.
Mr. MAN GUM. I move to amend that resolu-
tion by adding to it the following:
And that pending the action of said committee, the said
Archibald Dixon be now qualified, and permitted to take
his seat in the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the question of the
legality of the appointment of the gentleman men-
tioned in the credentials as Senator from the State
of Kentucky, though I have on that a clear and
fixed opinion, formed after much reflection and
consideration. I wish simply to answer the idea
suggested by the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, and the further argument of the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, as to the propriety
of the objection being made now, without any con-
testant being present before the Senate. It is said
that there should be no objection to the gentleman's
being sworn in as a Senator. It is said that ordi-
narily, in case of a contest, a party, when he
presents his credentials here, should l?e sworn in,
and take his seat until the question is determined.
I have n« doubt of that; but in this case the dis-
tinction is very apparent on the face of the creden-
tials themselves. There the objection arises; and
if the objection arises on the face of the credentials
themselves, do not the Senate owe it to the country
and the body, that they should determine whether
the party presenting these credentials is entitled to
take his seat?
The whole question in this case turns upon the
point whether the Legislature of the State could
appoint to a vacancy while the seat was actually
filled, and whether, when that vacancy in fact
took place, during the recess of the Legislature,
the Constitution of the United States did or did
not vest in the Governor the right to appoint; and
if it did, what was the tenure of office of the
person so appointed. These are grave questions,
Mr. President. To my mind both clauses of the
Constitution, with reference to the election of
Senators, seem to be perfectly clear and free from
doubt, though there may be precedents which
have passed sub silentio, which may interfere with
them; but the question here is, whether the objec-
tion should not be made now? The credentials
which have been presented show that there was an
election. They mustbe taken in connection with
the facts, of which the Senate must take notice as
a body, because they are matters within theirown
knowledge; such as the fact that a vacancy oc-
curred in this body by the death of Mr. Clay in
the month of June last, and the fact that on the
face of the credentials the party was appointed in
December last, long before that vacancy occurred.
Then the question necessarily arises whether,
under the Constitution, the Legislature can appoint
to that vacancy antecedent to its occurrence? The
fact that you have on this floor a Senator repre-
senting the State of Kentucky by appointment
as filling that vacancy, and the tenure of his
office, are not questions depending upon the will
of the individual contestant. They are questions
to be determined by the Senate with a proper re-
gard to the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States. Therefore, they owe it to them-
selves, when so grave a question appears on the
face of the credentials of the party presenting him-
self here to take his seat, to make a question as
to the power and right of the appointing power to
. send him here in the mode in which he was
appointed; and the proper course is to raise that
I question now.
j If this were a light and trivial question; if it
! were one that did not involve a point of constitu-
tional construction, we might pass it over as a
j matter of courtesy; but it is a dangerous doctrine
j to trifle with the Constitution of the United States
I on any ground of courtesy. This case is essen-
j tially distinct, in my mind, even from the case
i cited by the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina of the difficulty which occurred in the other
House in reference to the representation of the
Stale of New Jersey. There the credentials, if
you so choose to consider them, under the broad
seal of theState, were prima facie correct; here on
the face of the credentials they are not prima facie
correct, because the objection goes to the authority
of the appointing power. Th^ Legislature of Ken-
tucky have no authority to appoint other than
what they derive from the Constitution of the
United States. The same Constitution which
gives them a right to choose Senators for the full
term, provides, in a subsequent clause, for cases of
vacancy, and under that clause it makes provision
that in one event the Executive may fill the vacan-
cy, and that in another event the Legislature shall
fill it. If, on the face of the appointment, it appears
that a question arises as to the appointing power
to fill that vacancy, the objection may not only be
well taken, but it ought to be taken by any Sena-
tor upon this floor, and it ought to be determined
before the party presenting himself under such
credentials takes his seat.
Mr. TOUCEY. It is not my intention to be
drawn into the expression of any opinion upon
the various questions that are now necessarily pre-
! sented to the Senate. I should regret extremely
| that .the members of this body, without debate,
, without investigation, without hearing the parties
! interested, should express an opinion upon agr^ve
constitutional question, affecting its organization,
or the right of a member. For one, I shall not be
\ willing to do so.
As I understand there are two persons who do
or may claim the seat recently occupied by the
lamented Mr. Clay. One has been admitted to it;
\ the other claims to be admitted. There is pre-
sented, therefore, in the first place, the question
alluded to by the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
I Cooper,] whether it is competent for the Gov-
I /ernor of « State, wheo he makes an appointment,
to limit the constitutional effect of that appoint-
ment? He admits, in his opinion, there is no
such power, I will not express any opinion upon
that point, though my impression certainly is,
that whenever, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, power is given to any public agent to
do a constitutional act, and the act is according-
ly done, the Constitution must necessarily pre-
scribe the entire effect of that act. The volition
of the agent imposing any restriction or limitation
can have no influence upon that result.
At the last session of this body we admitted to
the seat the Senator, [Mr. Meriwether,] who was
appointed by the Governor of Kentucky; and he
was appointed upon the death of his predecessor,
Mr. Clay, to fill the vacancy which was occasioned
by that event. That Senator has been sworn
in and has acted with us, and according to the
views of the honorable Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Cooper,] he is the Senator to the full ex-
tent q{ the constitutional appointment then made.
What is the full extent of that appointment under '
and by force of the Constitution, is one of the
questions to be considered.
There is still another question. Can there be
two vacancies in one office occupied by one in-
cumbent who goes but once out of office? Can
there be a vacancy by death, and then another
vacanay created months after by resignation ? If
there can be but one vacancy, and that vacancy
was occasioned by death, it would seem to follow
that it was filled by the Governor of Kentucky.
If, on the other hand, there can be two successive
vacancies, one by death, and still another accruing
by resignation, taking effect after death, then the
latter vacancy could be filled by the Legislature. I
must acknowledge that the subject presents some
very grave questions to my mind, especially after
the confident opinions which have been expressed
by several Senators, and questions which ought
to be deliberately considered by a committee of
the Senate, whether by a select committee, or by
the Judiciary Committee, is not very important.
I desire only that the questions may be delib-
erately considered by a committee, and reported
upon. And in the mean time, I do not see how,
without deciding the question in advance, we can
admit the gentleman who presents himself here
to-day, because, in one view, the member who
took his seat at the last session not having re-
signed , there is no vacancy, and there was none
when the Legislature made the appointment. It)
that view this gentleman cannot be admitted, or
we shall have two Senators here occupying the
same seat, and equally entitled to act. I therefore
must say that 1 do not see any possible course to
be pursued hy which the Senate can reserve it 
Opinion deliberately to be formed, and so as to
constitute a precedent that may be followed here-
after, except by referring the whole matter to a
committee. And I rejoice that the position of the
question is such that no political consideration can
be supposed to influence the decision, whatever it
may be; as there is no necessity for changing the
state of parties in the Senate, and they cannot be
materially affected by the result. I have regretted
that there should have been any allusion, upon a
question of this kind, even incidentally in debate,
to any party considerations, when the Senate is
about to sit as constitutional judges upon a consti-
tutional question. I hope, sir, that the proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator from California will
prevail, and that the subject will be referred to
some committee of this body.
Mr. BROOKE. Mr. President, it appears .to
me the only question that comes up now in this
preliminary stage of the case is, as to the power
of the Governor of Kentucky to limit his com-
mission to Mr. Meriwether. The objection made
by the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] is, that
there is no vacancy—that there is already upon
this floor a Senator from the State of Kentucky.
True, he is not bodily here present to claim a con-
tinuance of his functions, but tljere is his commis-
sion on file. On reference to Jhat commission, it
will be seen that its extent is limited to the firs#
Monday of September, 1852. It is, however,
maintained that the Governor had no power to
limit the commission; and in this way the only
question now before th e Senate comes up; because,
if he had such a power, Mr. Meriwether is no
longer a Senator; and the gentleman who now
claims the seat should be s.worn in on the prim*
facie case presented by him. It i# contended tfctt
