1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
March, 133?, to restrain unlawful military expe- !
iiitions asrnmst the inhabitants of conterminous !
Stales or Territories; tor the preservation and pro-
tection from mutilation or theft of the papers,
records, aiid archives of the nation; for authorizing
the surplus revenue to be applied to the payment
of the pulilic debt in advance of the time when it
will become due; for the establishment of land
offices for the sale of the public lands in California
and the Territory of Oregon; for the construction
of a road from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific
ocean; for the establishment of a Bureau of Agri-
culture for the promotion of that interest, perhaps
the most important in the country; for.the preven-
tion of frauds upon the Government in applications
for pensions and bounty lands; for the establish-
ment of a uniform fee bill, prescribing a specific
compensation for every service required of clerks,
district attorneys, and marshals; for authorizing
an additional regiment of mounted men, for the de-
fense of our frontiers against the Indians, and for
fulfilling our treaty stipulations with Mexico to
defend her citizens against the Indians "with equal
diligence and energy as our own;" for determining
the relative rank between the naval and civil officers
in our public ships, and between the officers of the
Army and Navy in the various grades of each; for
reorganizing the naval establishment by fixing the
number of officers in each grade, and providing for
a retired lift upon reduced pay of those unlit for
active duty ; for prescribing and regulating punish-
ments in the Navy; for the appointment of a com-
mission to revise the public statutes of the United
States, by arranging them in order, supplying
deficiencies, correcting incongruities, simplifying
their language, and reporting tnem to Congress for
its final action ; and for the establishment of a
commission to adjudicate and settle private claims
against the United States. I am not aware, how-
ever, that any of these subjects have been finally
acted upon by Congress. Without Repeating the
reasons for legislation on these subjects which
have been assigned in former messages, I respect-
fully recomnjf nd them again to your favorable con-
sideration. j
I think it due to the several Executive Depatt- I
ments of this Government, to bear testimony to
the efficiency and integrity with which they are
conducted. With a!! the careful superintendence
which it is possible for the heads of those Depart- -
ments to exercise, stifl the due administration and :
guardianship of the public money must very much 1
depend on the vigilance, intelligence, and fidelity
of the subordinate officers and clerks, and espe- I
ciallv on those intrusted with the settlement and
adjustment of claims and accounts. I am gratified
to believe that they have generally performed their
duties faithfully and well. They are appointed to
guard the approaches to the public Treasury, and
they occupy positions that expose them to fltl the
temptations and seductions which the cupidity of
peculators and fraudulent claimants can prompt
them to employ. It will be but a wise precaution
to protect the Government against that source of
mischief and corruption, as far as it can be done,
by the enactment of all proper legal penalties. The
laws, in this respect, are supposed to be defective,
and 1 therefore deem it my duty to call your atten-
tion to the subject, and to recommend that pro-
vision be made by law for the punishment not
only of those who shall accept bribes, but also of
those who shall either promise, give, or offer to
give to any of those officers or clerks a bribe or
reward touching or relating to any matter of their
official action or duty.
It has been the uniform policy of this Govern-
ment, from its foundation to the present day, to
abstain from all interference in the domestic affairs
of other nations. The consequence has been, that
while the nations of Europe have been engaged in
desolating wars, our country has pursued its peace-
ful course to unexampled prosperity and happi-
ness. The wars in which we have been com-
pelled to engage, in defense of the rights and honor
of the country, have been fortunately of short du-
ration. During the terrific contest of natron against
nation, which succeeded the French Revolution,
we were enabled, by the wisdota and firmness of
President Washington,to maintain oorneutrality.
While other nations were drawn into this wide
sweeping whirlpool, we sat quiet and unmoved 1
upon our own shores. While the flower of their
numerous armies Was wasted by disease, or per-
illed by hmidrerfa of thdusand* -vqxyn the battle- ii
field, the youth of this favorWl land were permitted
to enjoy the blessings of peace beneath the pa-
ternal roof. While the States of Europe incurred
enormous debts, under the burden of which their
subjects still groan, and which must absorb no
small part of the product of the honest industry
of those countries for generations to come, the
United States have once been enabled to exhibit
the proud spectacle of a nation free from public
debt ; and, if permitted to pursue our prosperous
way for a few years longer in peace, we may do
the same again.
But it is now said by some that this policy must
be changed. Europe is no longer separated from
us by a voyage of months, but steam navigation
has brought her within a few days' sail of our
shores. We see more of her movements, and take
a deeper interest in her controversies. Although
no one proposes that we should join the fraternity
of potentates who have for ages lavished the blood
and treasure of their subjects in maintaining "the
balance of power," yet it is said that we ought to
interfere between contending sovereigns and their
subjects, for the purpose of overthrowing the mon-
archies of Europe and establishing in their place
republican institutions. It is alleged that we have
heretofore pursued a different course from a sense
of our weakness, but that now our conscious
strength dictates a change of policy, and that it is
consequently our duty to mingle in these contests
and aid those who are struggling for liberty.
This is a most seductive but dangerous appeal to
the generous sympathies of freemen. Enjoying as
we do the blessings of a free Government, there
is no man who has an American heart that would
not rejoice to see these blessings extended to all
other nations. We cannot Witness the struggle
between the oppressed and his oppressor anywhere
without the deepest sympathy for the former, and
the most anxious desirfe for his triumph. Never-
theless, is it prudent or is it wise to involve our-
selves in these foreign wars? Is it indeed true that
we have heretofore refrained froin doing so merely
from the degrading motivejof a conscious weakness?
For the honor of the patriots who have gone before
us, 1 cannot admit it. Men of the Revolution -who
drew the sword against the oppressions of the
mother country, and pledged to Heaven "their
lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor" to
maintain their freedorti, could never have been
actuated by so unworthy a motive. They knew no
weakness or fear where right or duty pointed the
way, and it is a libel upon their fair fame for us,
while we enjoy the blessingsfor which they so nobly
fought and bled, to insinuate it. The truth is, that
the course which they pursued was dictated by a
stern sense of international justice; by a statesman-
like prudence and a far-seeing Wisdom, looking not
merely to the present necessities, but to the perma-
nent safety and interest of the country. They
knew that the world il governed less by sympathy
than by reason and force; that it was not possible
for this natiorl to become a " propagandist" of
free principles without arraying against it the com- >
bined Powers of Europe; and that the result was
more likely to be the overthrow of republican lib-
erty here than its establishment there. History
has been written in vain for those who can doubt
this. France had no sooner established a repub-
lican form of government than she manifested a :
desire to force its blessings on all the world. Her
own historian informs us that, hearing of some
petty acts of tyranny rn a neighboring principal- !
lty, "The National Convention declared that she
' would afford succor and fraternity to all nations
' who wished to recover th'eir liberty; and she
' gave it in charge of the executive power to give j
' orders to the generals of the French armies to aid j
' all citizens who might have been or should be
' oppressed in the cause of liberty." Here was
the false step which led to her subsequent misfor-
tunes. She soon found herself involved in war with
all the rest of Europe. In less than ten years her !
government was changed from a Republic to an j
Empire; and finally, after shedding rivers of blood,
foreign Powers restored her exiled dynasty, and
exhausted Europe sought peace and repose in
the unquestioned ascendency of monarchial prin-
ciples. Let us learn wisdom from her example.
Let us remember that revolutions do not always
establish freedom. Our own free institutions were
not the offspring of our Revolution. They ex-
isted before. They were planted in the free char-
ters of self-government under which <he -English
colonies grew up, and our Revolution only freed
us from the dominion of a foreign Power, whose
government was at variance with those institu-
tions. But European nations have had no such
training for self-government, and every effort to
establish it by bloody revolutions has been, and
must, without that preparation, continue to be a
failure. Liberty, unregulated by law, degenerates
into anarchy, which soon becomes the most horrid
of all despotisms. Our policy is wisely to govern
ourselves, and thereby to set such an example of
national justice, prosperity, and true glory, as
shall teach to all nations the blessings of self-gov-
ernment, and the unparalleled enterprise and suc-
cess of a free people.
We live in an age of progress, and ours is em-
phatically a country of progress.. Within the last
half century the number of States in this Union
has nearly doubled, the population has almost
quadrupled, and our boundaries have been ex-
tended from the Mississippi to the Pacific. Our
territory is chequered over with railroads, and
furrowed with canals. The inventive talent of
our country is excited to the highest pitch, and
the numerous applications for patents for valuable
improvements distinguish this age and this people
from all others. The genius of one American
has enabled our commerce to move against wind
and tide, and that of another has annihilated dis-
tance in the transmission of intelligence. The
whole country is full of enterprise. Our common
schools are diffusing intelligence among the people,
and our ind ustry is fast accumulating the comforts
and luxuries of life. This is in part owing to our
peculiar position, to our fertile soil, and compara-
tively sparse population; but much of it is also
owing to the popular institutions under which we
live, to the freedom which every man feels to
engage in any useful pursuit, according to his taste
or inclination, and to the entire confidence that
his person and property will be protected by the
laws. But whatever may be the cause of this
unparalleled growth in population, intelligence,
and wealth, one thing is clear, that the Govern-
ment must keep pace with the progress of the
people. It must participate in their spirit of en-
terprise, and while it exacts obedience to the laws,
and restrains all unauthorized invasions of the
rights of neighboring States, it should foster and
protect home industry, and lend its powerful
strength to the improvement of such means of
intercommunication as are necessary to promote
our internal commerce and strengthen the ties
which bind us together as a people.
It iB not strange, however much it may be re-
gretted, that such an exuberance of enterprise
should cause som e individuals to mistake change for
progress, and the invasion of the rights of others
for national prowess and glory. The former are
constantly agitating for some change in the organic
law, oj urging new and untried theories of human
rights. The latter are ever ready to engage in
any wild crusade against a neighboring people,
regardless of the justice of the enterprise, and
without looking at the fatal consequences to our-
selves and to the cause of popular government.
Such expeditions, however, are often stimulated
by mercenary individuals, who expect to share
the plunder or profit of the enterprise without ex-
posing themselves to danger, and are led on by
some irresponsible foreigner, who abuses the
hospitality of our own Government by seducing
the young and ignorant to join in his scheme of
personal ambition or revenge, under the false and
delusive pretense of extending the area of free-
dom. These reprehensible aggressions but retard
the true progress of our nation and tarnish its fair
fame. They should, therefore, receive the indig-
nant frowns of every good citizen who sincerely
loves his country and takes a pride in its pros-
perity and honor.
Our Constitution, though not perfect, is doubt-
less the best that ever was formed. Therefore,
let every proposition to change it be well weighed,
and if found beneficial, cautiously adopted. Every
patriot will rejoice to see its authority so exerted
as to advance the prosperity and honor of the na-
tion, whilst he will watch with jealousy any at-
tempt to mutilate this charter of our liberties, or
pervert its powers to acts of aggression or injus-
tice. Thus shail conservatism and progress blend
their harmonious action in preserving the form
and spirit of the Constitution, and at th« same
time carry forward the great improvements of the
