12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7,
country with a rapidity and energy which free-
men only can display.
In closing (his, my last annual communication,
permit me, tellow-cinzens, to congratulate you on
the prosperous i-ondiiwn of our beloved country.
Abroad its relations with all foreign Powers are
friendly; its rights are respected, and its high
place in the family of nations cheerfully recog-
nized. At home we enjoy an amount of happi-
ness, public and private, which has probably never
fallen to the lot of any other people. Besides at-
lordin  to our own citizens a degree of prosperity,
of which on so large a scale I know of 110 other
instance, our country is annually affording a ref-
use and a home to multitudes, altogether without
example, from the Old World.
We owe these blessings, under Heaven, to the
happy Constitution and Government which were
bequeathed to us by our fathers, and which it is
our sacred duty to transmit in all their integrity to
our children. We must all consider it a great dis-
tinction and privilege to have been chosen by the
people to bear a part in the administration of such
a Government. Called by an unexpected dispen-
sation to its highest trust, at a season of embarrass-
ment and alarm, I entered upon its arduous duties
with extreme dimdence. I claim only to have dis-
charged them to the best of an humble ability, with
a single eye to the public good; and it is with de-
vout gratitude, in retiring from office, that I leave
the country in a state of peace and prosperity.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washikctosj, December 6, 1852.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
message be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, acd that it be printed;
and that fifteen thousand extra copies, with the ac-
companying documents, be printed for the use of
the House. That has been the usual number of
extra copies ordered for several sessions past. I
hope there will be no objection to the motion.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN.- I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee. I move
that five thousand copies of the President's message
without^ the accompanying documents be printed
in the Spanish language.
(Cries of "I object "I object!"]
Mr- WEIGHTAlAJf. Mr. Speaker, I am
aware of the fact, that during previous sessions of
Congress, resolutions to print the President's mes-
sage and accompanying documents in other lan-
guages than the English have been voted down;
yet, humbly conceiving that the amendment I have
just otfered stands on different and higher ground
than any heretofore proposed of a similar charac-
ter, 1 ask the attention of the House to the few
remarks I shall submit.
Mr. McMULLlN. I desire to know whether
it is competent for the gentleman to submit his
amendment now?
The SPEAKER. It is; and debate is in order.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. The object of the very
proper practice of both Houses of Congress in or-
dering the printing of the President's message and
accompanying documents at all, is to give inform-
ation to the people, who created this Government,
and whose servants we are, how their Government
is administered. In order that this object may be
effectually accomplished, it is necessary that the
information should be communicated in language
understood by the people. And why cannot that
be done? The principal argument in favor of
printing communications in no other language than
the Ln^lish is, that it will promote homogeneous-
ness among our people; and here the argument
stops, it being assumed that every one will readily ,
appreciate the advantages of homogeneousness.
1 tie message we have just heard Tead assumes, ,
111 like manner, as an axiom, that homogeneousness
is to be desired in the parts of our Government-
and while admitting that Cuba, peopled by a race
homogeneous in character with our own, would be
a desirable addition to the Union, at the same time
expresses theconviction that, peopled as it is with
a diverse race, its annexation would be fraught
with danger to our institutions.
This assumption of the desirableness of homo-
geneousness, is ari axiom eliminated from the ex-
perience of European Governments, but, like other
political axioms drawn from the same source, can-
not, with certainty of fitness, be applied to our
system. I assert, that so far from being an advan-
tage, itis the danger against which, of all others,
wevshould guard.
j| Homogeneousness is the centripetal,as diversity
! is the centrifugal, force in our Government. The
former tends towards consolidation—the latter pre-
serves the rights of the States. Look to the history
of the settlement of our country, and what do we
find? Cotemporaneously, without concert one col-
ony with another, our Atlantic coast was settled
by Roundheads and Cavaliers, Catholics and Hu-
guenots. In the different colonies separate gov-
ernments were established, under which diverse
interests grew up. A common danger induced
temporary combination, and independence was
achieved.
Subsequently prudence and experience dictated
the formation of a more perfect and perpetual
Union.
When this event, big with the fate of liberty
for the world, was being considered, diverse were
the elements to be united, and watchful and wary
were those elements as to the power to be granted
to the General Government.
Pet interests, peculiarities, and religions were
to be cared for in the different localities, and
these incidents stamped upon our Government
the characteristics which, distinguish it from all
others.
Had no diversities existed in the colonies at
the time of the framing of the Constitution, the
result would have been a consolidated republic
like that adopted by homogeneous France; but as
it was, they came together granting only so much
power to the General Government as was neces-
sary to carry out the specified objects for which
it was created.
The colonial governments, under the new name
of States, were kept up to care for and protect the
local interests. All powers not specifically granted
to the General Government, nor prohibited to the
States, were reserved to the States or people. In
one branch of Congress the States, as sovereigns
and equals, are represented, and the representa-
tives in the other branch chosen by electors pre-
scribed by the State Legislatures.
The then existing diverse religions caused that
feature in our Constitution which insures freedom
of conscience to ail, and which prohibits the Gen-
eral Government from making any law concerning
an established religion. Had homogeneousness i
in this particular, then existed, an established re- ;
ligion would have b*en the resulf. This is no idle j
opinion, hastily formed. When the CatholicMa- 1
rylanders attempted to settle in Virginia tliey were
met with and required to take the oath of suprem-
acy as the condition of their remaining.
When the Puritans obtained possession of the
government in Maryland they persecuted the Cath-
olics. These last, the Catholics, to their honor
be it spoken, when Lord Baltimore reobtained
possession of the Government, were the first to de-
clare universal liberty of conscience—an act which
earned for Maryland the pi-oud title of " Land of
the Sanctuary."
Not then to homogeneousness, but to diversity,
do we owe it that we live under our wonder of a
Government—a Government powerful enough to
resist a world in arms, yet incapable of oppressing
its humblest citizen.
Mr. SMART. As it is rather late in the day,
with the gentleman's permission,I will move an
adjournment.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I will yield the floor for
the motion.
Mr. SMART. Then I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken and agreed to, and the
House ad journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, ,
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, gave notice that he would On to-
monw, or 011 some subsequent day, ask leave to introduce
fantieuencoura*e ««riculture and to secure homes to the
MEMORIAL AND PETITION.
A.^to^h.CABL,E' °f °hio: The memorial ofEbenezer
Also, a petition of citizens of Wayneaburg, Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 7, 1852.
..fcSnJj."" C' M' B""*-
■PI"""1
'! Mr. Hunter, of Virginia; Mr. Pearce, of Ma-
ryland; Mr. Butler, of South Carolina; Mr.
Badukr, of North Carolina.
CHAPLAINS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. P. B. Hayes, announcing
that the House had adopted the following resolu-
tion, in which they asked the concurrence of the
Senate:
" Resolrcil, (the Senate concurring,) That l\m Chap-
lains hi' elected, one by the Senate and tile other hy the
House nf Representatives, and that they officiate alternately
during the present session of Congress."
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the resolution
was concurred in, and the Senate proceeded to
elect a Chaplain for the Senate. Tne Rev. Dr.
C. M. Butler, of the Episcopal Church, was re-
elected. The vote was as follows:
Rev. C. M. Butler received 27
Rev. T. C. Teasdale, of Illinois 5
Rev. W. M. Daley  3
Rev. H. Slicer...' 2
Rev. R. W. Cushman  1
Rev. H. H. Tucker, of Georgia 1"
Rev. Mr. Gallagher  1
Whole number of votes 40
Necessary to a choice 21.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, made
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in
relation to the classification of clerks in the Execu-
tive Departments; which was read,and ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy, of
the result of an examination, made in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, of the property
offered by R. B. Sumner and others, as a site for
a navy-yard and depot at New Orleans; which
was read, anil ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a copy of the laws of the Territory of
New Mexico, passed by the first Legislative As-
sembly at a session begun and held" the second
day of June,. 1851.
Also, a letter from the Secretary pro tem. of the
Territory of Utah, communicating copies of the
acts of the Legislative Assembly of that Territo-
ry, which was read.
I PETITION.
Mr. CLEMEN'S presented the petition of Ann
Downing, praying compensation for services in
attending the sick of a company in the Army of
the United States during the late war with Mexi-
co; which was ordered to lie on the table, the
committees not having been appointed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. CLEMENS, it was
Ordered, That Whitemarsh b. Scahrook, Joseph Wha-
ley, and others, have leave to withdraw their peution and
papers. 1
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ADAMS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to prevent
unauthorized banking in the District of Columbia;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
LIEUTENANT GENERALSHIP.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to confer
lera"K°/Rrevet Lieutenant General on General
Winiield Scott.
SUCCESSOR TO MR. CLAY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, which was submitted by
Mr. Gwin on Monday:
"Retolved, That the credentials of Archibald Dixon,
c.sq., be referred to a select committee of five, who shall
consider and report thereon."
cT/r6 Tiestion Per,ding being on the amendment
ot Mr. Mangum, to add to it the following:
, ",^5"'Pending the action of said committee, the said
hi  I  ?• .>"<? now Qna'ified, and permitted to take
his seat in the Senate."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question be-
ore the Senate, sir, is whether the Hon. Archibald
Dixon, the Senator elect from the State of Ken-
tucky , shall be admitted to take his seat. Objec-
lonisi made to the acceptance of this commission,
or rather to permitting Mr. Dixon to take his seat,
ana a resolution has been offered by the Senator
Irom California [Mr. Gwin] to refer the question
