1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
to a committee. What good is to result from that
reference, I confess I am at a loss to determine.
The question for the Senate to determine, as it
seems to me, which each individual Senator must
decidefor himself, and upon his own responsibility,
is, whether the claimant is entitled to his seat or
not? I am persuaded there is not a Senator on
this floor that is at all disposed to deny him the
enjoyment of this right if he has a claim to it
justly founded. But it is said that there are doubts;
and 1 propose briefly to inquire into those doubts,
and remove them if 1 can.
The question of doubt arises upon the assump-
tion that there is no vacancy. If it shall be es-
tablished as a fact that there is no vacancy, all
will concur in the opinion that it is not proper to
admit to a seat in the Senate the gentleman who
brings these credentials. But is there not a va-
cancy, Mr. President? Call the roll of Senators,
and who responds for Kentucky? It is self-evi-
dent, it is obvious to the mind of every Senator,
that there is a vacancy, because there is but one
man claiming to be a Senator from Kentucky
■who is entitled to a seat upon this floor. Then,
bo far as that evidence goes, there being no one
here claiming the seat other than the gentleman
bearing the credentials which have been presented
to the Senate, is it not going very far to assume
that there is no vacancy, and that some unknown
personage, not within the walls of the Senate
Chamber, is really and in fact the Senator for
Kentucky ? If that be true, why does not some
one come here and claim to fill that seat for the
State of Kentucky ? No man corryng here and
asserting such a claim, the evidence is conclusive,
as far as that fact can make it so, that there is a
vacancy. But, sir, I might go on, and establish
that fact by testimony which will be conclusive in
the minds of some Senators at least. When, in
July last, the Hon. David Meriwether came here
and presented his claim to a seat in the Senate of
the United States from the State of Kentucky, the
question was mooted as to the validity of his claim.
The question was then presented, not formally I
admit; but suggestions were made by honorable
Senators as to the extent of his claim. The hon-
orable Senator from California [Mr. Gwm] as-
serts now that there js no vacancy. If there be
no vacancy, who is filling the seat that Kentucky
is entitled to occupy? I remember that when the
credentials of the Hon. Mr. Meriwether were pre-
sented, my distinguished friend from California
raised the question, and I think he took strong
ground; and if his positions then were correct, his
positions now are certainly incorrect; for accord-
ing to my reading of them, they are wholly incon-
sistent. When the question was before the Senate
in July last, the Senator [Mr. Gwin] arose and
said, "I differ entirely from the Senator from In-
' diana. 1 think this paper ought to be referred
•to the Judiciary Committee. If it is not in
• accordance with the requirements of the Consti-
' tution, it ought to be so declared. It is no ap-
' pointment at all, if the Governor has put an
' improper limitation upon it. Certainly the Sen-
' ator who has just taken a seat in this body, can-
' not hold his seat longer than the period specified
' in the commission, which is until the time when
' Mr. Dixon's commission is to take effect." That
is precisely the ground which I occupy to-day;
and having that distinguished Senator as authority
to sustain me in that position, I shall go on and
endeavor to remove some other difficulties that lie
in my way.
It is not controverted by any one that each of
the sovereign States of this Union—if they may
be termed sovereign, and they are called sovereign,
at least by acquiescence—is entitled to two Sena-
tors upon this floor. .No man controverts that
point; all concede it. Then, I put the question to
Senators to determine by what evidence gentlemen
are to be admitted to seats upon this floor. How
are we to determine who are entitled to seats?
The history of the Senate, from its organization
down to this hour, is clear and indisputable upon
that point. Does the individual presenting a claim
here to a seat in the Senate, come with such evi-
dences of title as are usual—such as are in con-
formity with the requirements of the Constitution,
and such as have been recognized from the foun-
dation of the Government to the present time? If
the individual coming here claiming to be a Sena-
tor from any one of the States of this Union, comes
with these powers, or authorities, or testimonials, ]
asserting a claim, does it not become the duty of
the Senate, according to invariable usage, to accept
such testimonials, such evidences of title, and
accord to the claimant &1I the rights, powers, and
privileges that are accorded to others who come
with like evidences?
That, Mr. President, brings up the question
whether the applicant shall be received upon the
presentation of his credentials—whether his cre-
dentials are, or are not, prima facie evidence? That
is the point. No one upon this floor has at-
tempted, as yet, I believe, to show that the claim
of Mr. Dixon is illegal, informal, or at variance
with the requirements of the Constitution. He
comes here with a commission made out accord-
ing to the forms and usages of the Legislature of
his State. He comes here with the seal of its
highest functionaries. He comes here with all
the indorsements which the laws require. He
comes here claiming to be a Senator, and no man
controverts or questions the validity of the title
which he presents. No man asserts that his com-
mission does not bear the seal of Kentucky. No
man asserts that it is not made out in due form
of law. All these questions are waived. And
then I come to inquire how it is that that honor-
able gentleman is denied the privilege of taking his
seat upon this floor? Are we to go beyond those
testimonials? Are we to go behind them, and im-
agine that some other gentleman is entitled to
them? If so, how, I ask, can any Senator take
his seat upon this floor? May not the same con-
jectures arise in the case of every individual who
presents his credentials here claiming a seat in the
Senate? When I had the honor to come here and
present the credentials furnished me by the State
of Tennessee, why did not some Senator rise in
his place, and move that my credentials be referred
to a committee for investigation ? You had as
much right to do it in my case as you have to do
it in the cases now before the Senate. You had
the same right to do it in the case of every Sena-
tor occupying a seat upon this floor, as you have
in the case of Mr. Dixon.
Mr. Dixon comes with all the forms of law upon
his side, and we are asked to refer the whole ques-
! tion to a committee for investigation upon some
imaginary case of a claim outside the Capitol, for
no man is standing here and claiming the seat.
The certificate of election is the highest testimonial
that can be presented. It makes out a prima facie
case, and has been so held by the Senate from its
organization to the present day with but one soli-
tary exception that I have been enabled to find in
the Journals. Then, if these testimonials are to
be taken as prima facie evidence, why not permit
Mr, Dixon to take his seat and enjoy the rights
guarantied to him by the broad seal of Kentucky?
Why not permit Kentucky to enjoy the rights !
which the Constitution confer upon her? And if
gentlemen want to go out in quest of doubts, there
will be time enough to do so, and to settle any
question that may arise, while Kentucky shall en-
joy an equal participation in all the immunities
which our glorious Constitution guaranties to her
in common with all the States of this Union. By
a different course you disfranchise Kentucky—
you deny Kentucky her proper voice in the delib-
erations of the Senate. You may keep this ques-
tion before a committee until the close of the ses-
sion; and during that whole time, one of the
sovereign States of this Union will have been
divested, improperly, as I believe, of the highest
political boon that has ever been conferred upon 1
it. Are Senators prepared to take that step ? Are
we prepared, upon imaginary cases, to set aside
the seal of the State of Kentucky—to deny her an
equal participation in the rights, and powers, and i
privileges which the Constitution secures and guar- 1
anties to her? I hope not, Mr. President; but ■
that remains to be seen.
But, sir, while gentlemen admit that the com-
mission is prima facie evidence, they say it is not
conclusive. Well, it may not be conclusive in
every instance that may possibly arise; but is it :
not somewhat remarkable that in all the cases \
which have arisen from the formation of the Gov- \
ernment of the United States, it has been regarded j
as conclusive, except in one solitary case? I will
state that case:
" Stanley Griswold, of Ohio, appointed by the Exec- ;
utive of the State, appeared, and on the 9th of June, 3809,
it was ordered that his credentials should he referred to the i
Committee on Elections. On the 15th of June, the com- I
mittee reported favorably thereupon, and he was admitted
to his seat."
That is all that is said about this case; and it is
the only one I have been able to find, where the
Senator was not permitted to take his seat when
he presented his credentials. What were the mo-
tives which operated upon the minds of the Sen-
ate in that case, we are not informed. On that
point we are left in doubt; for what I have read is
all that is said about it. But all of us can think
of many cases, yea, they are innumerable, where
the certificate of election is held to be not only
prima facie, but conclusive evidence of title, so far
as holding the seat is concerned. Who does not
remember that the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Mallory] came here and presented his credentials
or certificate of election from the Legislature of
Florida, and asked to be permitted to take his seat
on this floor, and that that seat was contested?
What was done? Does not every Senator know
that the certificate of election was held to be valid ?
and that Mr. Mallory was permitted to occupy a
seat, although that seat was contested, and con-
tested for six months before a decision was made?
I appeal to Senators to tell me how they can make
a distinction between that case, and the case now
before the Senate? If there be any distinction
whatever, that distinction goes in favor of the claim
of Mr. Dixon, because no one is contesting his
claim to a seat, while in the case of Mr. Mallory
there was a contestant; and yet the Senate permit-
ted him to take his seat.
Then again, I illustrate this point by another
case which occurred upon the floor of the Senate
in relation to the claim of the distinguished Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] Who will not
remember that when he came here, bearing the
broad seal of the State of Illinois, and asking a
seat on this floor, a Senator rose and asked that his
credentials should be referred to a committee for
examination; and who will fail to remember with
pleasure, as I do, that the Senate refused to refer
them to a committee, and granted him a seat on
this floor? Why will you make a distinction be-
tween the cases of the Senators from Florida and
Illinois, and that of the Senator elect from the
State of Kentucky?
But, sir,go furtherback. Here is the contested-
election case of" Potterus. Robbins." Here were
two gentlemen standing before the Senate of the
United States, each claiming to be a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, and each holding a
commission from the Legislature of that State.
That is a stronger case, if possible, than any which
I have presented. Here are two gentlemen, coming
before the Senate, each bearing a certificate of
election from the Legislature of the State to which
they belong, and each claiming to be a Senator
from the State of Rhode Island. What was the
decision of the Senate in that case ? It seems to my
mind perfectly clear, that the decision of the Sen-
ate in that case is conclusive, if any decision what-
ever can be conclusive, as a precedent in this body.
It was decided, alter debate, that Mr. Robbins
was entitled to be sworn in and take his seat in
the first instance, leaving his election to be deter-
mined by the investigation ofa committee; and he
was ultimately confirmed in his seat in the Senate.
Mr. Robbins came here, and presented his creden-
tials, and afterwards another gentleman came and
presented his credentials, and the Senate, instead
of referring them to a committee, asserted that
Robbins's claim was good, and permitted him to
take his seat, and then the contest was referred to a
committee and adjudicated.
There is still another case. On the 4th of
March, 1801, Uriah Tracy, of Connecticut, having
presented his credentials "under an appointment
by the Governor and the seal of the State, an ex-
ception was taken to his credentials, and debate
ensued thereon; hut on the motion that he be
permitted to take the oath required by the Constitu-
tion, it was decided in the affirmative. This was
a question with regard to the validity of the cre-
dentials, but still the claim to a seat was allowed
by the Senate, and the seat was taken in advance
of the adjudication of the question. I repeat, that
so far as I have been enabled to examine this
question, I find but one solitary case where a
member, who has come here with the regular cre-
dentials of election, has been refused permission
to take his seat.
But the further objection is urged, that if he i>
permitted to take his seat now it will prejudge the
