16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec, 1.
ecutive of that State, and to the Executives of the
other Suites of this Confederacy, that they can
exercise the power of appointing Senators only in
accordance with the Constitution of the United
States. I was opposed to the admission of the gen-
tleman who presented the paper, because it was,
in my opinion, a defective, an objectionable, or at
least such a commission as had never been pre-
sented More, and I wished the Governor of Ken-
tucky to be notified of our opinion that he had no
power to fill the vacancy, evcept in accordance
with the provisions of the Constitution. The Sen-
ate overruled my objection at the time. It was
stated that the proper time to bring up the question
would be at this session, and I acquiesced, not
wishms to continue the discussion.
The Senator from Tennessee has gone into this
question at large, and I submit to the Senate
■whether he has touched it at all. I submit to the
Senate whether or not he has presented the ques-
tion that is now before us for our action. I certainly
did not so understand his argument. The question
is, when a resignation creates a vacancy? Why,
Mr. President, it cannot be contended that the seat
of Mr. Clay was vacant when Mr. Dixon was
elected by the Legislature of Kentucky. 11 cannot
be contended that there was a vacancy in the Sen-
ate from the State of Kentucky at that period; and
if a resignation is not a vacancy, how had the
Legislature the right to fill that vacancy? I have
before me a statement from the Secretary of the
Senate, showing that Mr. Clay received his per
diem as a member of the Senate up to the 29th day
of June, 1652, the day of his death. He was a
Senator from Kentucky, and we paid him from
the Treasury of the United States as a Senator up
to that period. At his death, the seat which he had
occupied became vacant; but was the Legislature
of Kentucky then in session ? Nobody pretends
that it was. Therefore, that provision of the Con-
stitution which gives to the Governors of the dif-
ferent States the power to fill vacancies occurring
in the representation of their State, gave the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky the power, and he was com-
pelled to fill that vacancy, if he filled it at all, until
the next meeting of the Legislature. Has the pres-
ent applicant for the seat in the Senate from Ken-
tucky been elected by a Legislature that convened
after the vacancy by death occurred ? Nobody
pretends that he has. Suppose that Mr. Dixon
had been elected upon the letter of Mr. Clay re-
signing his seat prospectively. Suppose further,
that Mr. Clay, his health failing him more rapid-
ly, had written a second letter to the Legislature
resigning his seat at that moment, and another gen-
tleman had been elected,—suppose Mr. J. J. Crit-
tenden had been elected instead of Mr. Dixon,—I
should like to know for what period the gentleman
elected on the second resignation of Mr. Clay
would have taken his seat—whether he would not
have taken it for the entire balance of the term for
which Mr. Clay was originally elected?
I will state another case. Suppose Mr. Clay
had died last January, after Mr. Dixon had been
elected. Suppose he had died during the session
of the Legislature, and the Legislature had pro-
ceeded, in accordance with the vacancy thus cre-
ated, to elect a Senator, and that the person elected
had not been Mr. Dixon, who would have been
the Senator in the place of Mr. Clay? No one
can pretend to say, in the face of the Senate, that
Mr. Dixon, if he had not been reelected to this
vacancy, ever would have taken his seat as Mr.
Clay's successor until the whole term expired,
when he might be elected for a new term. Sup-
pose, ngain, that Mr. Clay had died in January
last, and Mr. Dixon had been elected to fill the
vacancy occasioned by his death, with what cre-
dentials would he have presented himself here?
Should we ever have heard of the paper that was
presented yesterday? Never. It would never
have been seen here.
I insist upon it, that the Governor of Kentucky
had no right to put any limitation in his commis-
sion to Mr. Meriwether. I insisted upon it before, '
and it is the ground that 1 now occupy. I do not {
wish to prejudge this question. I do not believe !
there is a vacancy in the Senate from the State of
Kentucky,as I said before. As to Mr. Meriwether
not being present here, is the Senator from Ten-
nessee prepared to say, that if it is declared that
he is the Senator from Kentucky, he has resigned
• his seat—that he will not come here and take his
seat? Can the Senator say—is he prepared to
say—that if Mr. Dixon's election is declared to
be an invalid one, Mr. Meriwether will not come
here and claim the seat that has been conferred
upon him by the Executive appointment of the
Governor of Kentucky? Certainly he has no
such power. Whether Mr. Meriwether is con-
testing the seat or not, if he is declared to be a
Senator from Kentucky, you will very soon see
him in his seat. There is no mistake about that.
As the Senator from Virginia says, I do not
wish to occupy the time of the Senate in discuss-
ing this question now. 1 want to vote. I am pre-
pared to vote, and I hope the Senate is prepared to
vote, whether or not it will let the gentleman who
now applies be sworn in, or whether they will
send the case to a committee for investigation.
Mr. SEWARD asked for the yeas and nays
upon the pending question; and they were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the question is taken
I have a word more to say upon it. The honor-
able Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] seems
to me to concede the whole case in the hypothesis
which he presents. He concedes to the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee, who has so very
ably and fully argued the question this morning,
that where there is an admitted vacancy, a person
who presents credentials from the Legislature au-
thorizing him to take the seat, thus admitted to be
vacant, should be received and sworn in as a mem-
ber of the Senate, subject, however, to the reser-
vation that his right to retain it against some
other claimant, shall always be open to the exam-
ination of the Senate. But he says that this
principle is confined to the case where there is an
admitted vacancy. Now, sir, I ask what consti-
tutes an admitted vacancy ? What constitutes the
admission of a vacancy? An admission implies a
party qualified to admit, with a title to admit or to
deny, and an act of admission, as opposed to an
act or declaration of denial. I ask for the party
who denies in this case. Let him stand forth in the
presence of the Senate of the United States, and
of the American people. I ask, I challenge him
to come upon the floor of the Senate of the United
States, and deny that there is a vacancy. Who
is he ? Let him stand forth and heshall be heard.
He comes not. There is no man here that is qual- ;
ified to deny. Then, when no man appears who i
is qualified to deny, the world admits or regards [
the case an admitted.
But we are told that there is somebody some-
where who is qualified to deny, and that we must
prove a negative, and prove that no such person
does deny, or can deny. Well, sir, the nonor-
able gentleman who presents his credentials here,
takes that burden of proof voluntarily upon him-
He takes it upon himself, and does show
self.
that any person who'it is alleged might make this
denial, fails to come and make it, and therefore
admits that the seat is vacant. Yes, sir, he shows
that; and how does he show it? There, in the
place in which the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Chase] is sitting temporarily, [pointing to
the seat occupied by Mr. Meriwether at the close
of the last session,] is the seat which was filled by
the Senator who represented the State of Kentucky
in this Senate on the first day of September last.
That seat is vacant. There is the evidence that
the place is vacant. It is prima facie evidence. It
is sufficient, because we are upon a question of an I
admitted case upon prima facie evidence.
But there is more, sir, in this case. Not only is
the seat vacant—not only is the person who it is
alleged might challenge this place, called, and he
comes not—but there is a still further fact, that
when you refer to the records of the Senate to see
whether that or any other person on earth can set
up a claim to this place, or can be allowed to come
here and deny that it is vacant, you find the com-
mission which that honorable Senator, and all
honorable Senators from the State of Kentucky,
have had. And what are they ? In the first place,
there is the commission of the Hon. Henry Clay.
Will he come? No; he resigned. His resignation
was made to take effect on a certain day fixed.
That day has elapsed, and he comes no more.
What then? That honorable and distinguished
Senator died before the day fixed for his resigna-
tion to take effect; and then the Hon. Mr. Meri-
wether appeared here, with a commission to take
the place which had thus become vacant by that
lamented death. There is his commission before
you. It is open to the whole world; and what
does it say ? It is a commission which authorized
I and required him to take that seat, thus vacated
upon the death of the Hon. Henry Clay, and hold
it—until when, sir? Until the first Monday ofSep-
temlier, 1852, and no longer—the very day fixed by
the Hon. Mr. Clay, before his death, for his resig-
nation to take effect. No\tf, sir, here is not oniy
the fact that the person who it is alleged might
deny that this vacancy exists, does- not deny it,
and that he does not appear here to deny it, but
there is the other fact that he has no title to deny
it; and it would be just as violent a presumption
for the Senate, on the 4th day of March next,
when the successor of the other honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Undk.rivood,] whose time
then expires, appears to take his place in the Sen-
ate, to refuse to admit that successor, upon the
ground that the Hon. Mr. Underwood might,after
all, come back and claim to fill the seat, as it is to
make it in this case. It would be exactly the
same kind of a case as that of supposing that the
Hon. Mr. Meriwether will appear here on the 7th
of December, 1852, to take a seat which he was
authorized to occupy only until the first Monday
of September, 1852.
I forbear, as I did yesterday, from going into
the merits of the question which lies beyond; but
1 cannot omit to say, that it is a question which
touches the rightand interest, not only of the State
of Kentucky, but of all the States of the Union.
There is no claim on the part of Kentucky that
this place shall be kept vacant. Kentucky would
be qualified to deny,w((jild have the right to deny,
this vacancy; and nobody but Kentucky has a
right to deny it, or the Senators disputing upon a
title derived under her. Now, there is no oppos-
ing, claim; and the State of Kentucky appears
here in the only manner she can appear, and de-
mands, in the person of her Senator here, that he
shall be received and allowed to take his place. If
you deny him upon the ground which has been
urged,,you may equally well in any other case,
when a Senator shall come to fill a regular vacancy,
of a full term, insist upon it that you will make
him stand outside the bar, and his State outside
the Senate Chamber, until you have canvassed his
credentials and ascertained whether they are final
and conclusive. And in that case, if you can
keep out the State of Kentucky, you can keep out
any other State you please; and a majority here
may determine, for the-passage of given measures,
to nave tC Senate consisting of such Senators, rep-
resentingsuch States, as shall favorsuch measures.
I rejoice that there is no circumstance, nothing in
the state of existing circumstances, which would
give rise to the supposition that any such purpose
can be entertained here now; and it is because the
circumstances are propitious to having this case
decided upon its merits, without a bias on the part
of any Senator, or any other motive or circum-
stance, which could justify the indulgence of such
a suspicion, that I do most sincerely hope that
there may be no departure now from what has
been the customary practice of the Senate; that
the honorable gentleman who presents himself
with his credentials may be allowed to take his
seat; and that the investigation which it may be
necessary to have about his title to the seat may
result in a proper regard for the rights of Ken-
tucky and all other parties interested in the ques-
tion.
Mr. BRADBURY. The amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] pro-
poses the admission of the claimant to a seatprior
to the decision of the question of right. There
seems to be, in this case, a serious objection to
this course, arising from the fact, that in the event
the Senate should, determine that he was not en-
titled to the seat, there would, for the time being,
be three persons who would have seats in the Sen-
ate from the State of Kentucky at the same time.
This anomaly would seem to require us to deter-
mine the question of right before we admit to the
seat. It is a constitutional question that arises,
and will not admit of being changed by courtesy.
The honorable Senator from New York re-
marked that this is a question touching the rights
and interests of the sovereign State of Kentucky.
It appears to me that the true question is, whether
the Legislature of a State has a tight to elect a Senator
to Jill a contemplated vacancy to happen during a re-
cess of the Legislature, prior to the time when such
vacancy shall happen. When did the vacancy arise
in this case? The resignation did not create a va- )
cancy until it took effect. It will not be contended \
