THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2nd /Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1852.
New Series....No. 2.
that there was any vacancy in the seat-in question,
until the time when Mr. Clay ceased to fill it.
The resignation made in December, to take effect
in future, did not leave that seat vacant until the
first Monday of September. The Legislature had
adjourned prior to that time. The question then
arises, if indeed it arises to a question, was this
not a vacancy which, in the language of the Con-
stitution, " happened" "during tke recess of the
Legislature?" It will hardly be questioned, 1
think, that it was. It arose during such recess.
If 1 am correct in this, the Constitution prescribes
a mode by which such vacancies shall be filled?
The language of the Constitution would seem to
be too plain and explicit upon this point to admit
•of doubt. It declares that " if vacancies happen
* by resignation or otherwise, during the recess of
* the Legislature ofany State, the Executive thereof
' may make temporary appointments until the next
* meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill
4 such vacancies." In the first place, the Consti-
tution devolves upon the Executive the power to
Jill such vacancy. But in this case, it is said the
Legislature undertook to fill it. The Legislature
is authorized, in one contingency, to fill a vacancy
happening during a recess; but when? Can the
Legislature, under the Constitution, fill the va-
-cancy in advance of the time when it happens ?
Has the power of filling it in advance been con-
ferred by the Constitution ? The Constitution pre-
scribes that the Executive " may make temporary
appointments until the next meeting of the Legisla-
ture, which shall then fill such vacancies.'' So that
neither the Executive nor the Legislature are au-
thorized by the Constitution, it would seem, to fill a
vacancy happening during a recess of the Legisla-
ture until o^erthe vacancy shall happen; and there-
fore, if this were a vacancy arising during the re-
cess , and one that the Legislature might fill, it must
be at a meeting subsequent to the happening of the
vacancy. But on the face of these credentials, it
appears that the Legislature of Kentucky under-
took to fill the vacancy in advance, so that the
question is presented upon the face of the creden-
tials; and we are to inquire whether the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky has followed the authority
conferred by the Constitution. I have felt called
upon to say this much in reply to suggestions
thrown out by the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee and the honorable Senator from New York,
who have gone at length into the discussion of the
general question, lest it should be supposed their
views were assented to as correct and unanswer-
able.
But when did the vacancy in question first oc-
cur ? Did it in fart, happen on the first Monday of
September? The death of Henry Clay, deplored
by the whole nation, occurred on the 29th of
June last, and that death created a vacancy which
may be regarded as covering the whole unex-
pired term of Mr. Clay. Can that vacancy which
first occurred, be divided and cut up into parts,
■except so far as the Constitution prescribes?
The Executive can fill that part of it which occurs
before the first meeting of the Legislature; butcan
he divide such portion into parts ? If so, is there
anything to prevent his appointing a new Senator
fqr each day of the periodJie is authorized to fill ?
Has he any other authority than to fill the vacan-
cy, without imposing other limitations than those
prescribed by trie charter under which he acts ?
It would seem, then, that two difficulties are pre-
sented : first, whether this was not one of those
vacancies that must be filled by the Executive; and
■secondly, if it was not a vacancy to be filled by
the Executive—whether it was not one that must
be filled hy the Legislature, subsequent to the time
■when it happened. And it makes no difference in
my mind whether there is or is not any one pres-
ent to claim the seat. The question is whether the
Legislature of Kentucky, at the time it undertook
to make this election, possessed that power. It
has already been decided in one case—the case of
■ Mr. Lanman, who claimed a seat as Senator from
Connecticut under Executive'appointment—that
the Executive has no authority to make an ap-
pointment to fill a vacancy prior to the time such
vacancy has actually arisen. It remains to be
determined whether the Legislature possess such
power Story, in his Commentaries upon the Con-
stitution, vol. 2, page 204, adverts to this subject,
and says:
" There seem to have been three courses presented for
the consideration of the Convention; either to leave the va-
cancies unfilled until the meeting of the State Legislature;
or to allow the State Legislatures to provide at their pleas-
ure, prospectively, for their occurrence: or to confide a
temporary appointment to some select State functionary or
body."
It would seem, therefore, that the great question
is, whether the Constitution conferred upon the
Legislature authority to fill this vacancy in ad-
vance ? It is unlike the case of electing a Senator
to fill a term which is to commence at a future day,
for in such case the Constitution does not prescribe
the time when the election shall be had, while it
does so in explicit terms when a vacancy happens
during a recess of the Legislature.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, this subject
ought to take one course or the other. We ought
either to discuss it now, as in Committee of the
Whole, and decide upon it as a Senate, or we ought
to refer it to a committee. ' I confess that I have
n0#efinite opinion upon the subject. I think the
question resolves itself into this: what is a vacan-
cy within the contemplation of the Constitution ?
Mr. Clay agreed to hold his seat for about nine
months after the date of his letter, until his resig-
nation became perfect by the expiration of that
time. There might have been a vacancy during
that time, as there was one occasioned by his
death; and then the question was, whether there
was a vacancy after that time with regard to the
residue of the six years for which Mr. Clay was
originally elected. And then a question occurs
upon that: whether it was competent for the Le-
gislature, before the expiration of the time, to fill
the place?
These are questions which necessarily come up
for decision; and I confess that the whole subject
turns upon the question of what is a vacancy. If
it-is to be discussed by the Senate now, I am will-
ing to go into the discussion; if it is to be referred,
I must be permitted to say that I should dislike
that any gentleman should commit himself before-
hand by the expression of an opinion. I will not
commit myself by expressing any opinion upon
the subject.
I wish, however, to gay one word in reference
to a remark of the honorable Senator frpm Ten-
nessee. If it were not perfectly clear that this
seat is contested, I should be in favor of the gen-
tleman who brings credentials from the State of
Kentucky taking his seat; but it is perfectly appa-
rent that the seat is to be filled by one, and that
the momeht it is filled by one, you exclude an-
other who claims it. The seat cannot be filled by
more than one; and if we admit this claimant, we
exclude another who claims under a different title.
Under this state of affairs, I think it but right to
both, but justice to the State of Kentucky, whose
constitutional rights are to be affected, and to the
people of Kentucky, that we should decide, as be-
tween these two gentlemen, which of them shall
fill the seat; because, if we decide that one shall
fill it, the other will have to make a contest in or-
der to get his rights considered. If M>. Meri-
wether nil the seat, Mr. Dixon must contest it. If
Mr. Dixon fill the seat, you force it on Mr. Meri-
wether to contest. All the facts are before the
Senate, and I think we ought to decide between
them without eitherapparentlycontestingthe seat.
This is my view of the subject; but I am free
to say, that it is one of those subjects which it
might be as well for the Senate to discuss and de-
cide without a reference, as to refer it to a com-
mittee. I am perfectly willing that it should take
that course; but if it does take that course, I think
we ought to understand it fully. We ought to
discuss it fairly, and give our opinions with all the
light which may be before us. I am free to say,
that I have not any very definite judgment upon
the subject. It is a very nice question. I repeat
again, it is a question as to whether it was compe-
tent for the Legislature, prospectively, to fill the
vacancy,—for I can regard it as a vacancy,—from
the time which he himself limited for his Bervice,
until the expiration of the term for which he was
elected. I can regard that as a vacancy; and an-
other vacancy occurred by his death. But the whole  
question turns upon that point—as to the compe-
tency of the Legislature to exercise that function;
and that, sir, is a questionupon which I am not pre-
pared, from anything which has yet been said, to
form a satisfactory opinion. 1 would prefer to hear
discussion from other sources, upon that. I should
like to hear the precedents cited. I am satisfied,
however, of one thing : that from the precedents
which have been read, Mr. Clay's resignation was
an executed deed. I had rather a different opinion
until I heard the precedents read. But now, I
think that from the time he signed that paper, it
was an executed deed, irrevocable by him. It
seems to me to be so. But then the question is,
whether the Legislature, in anticipation, could fill
the vacancy before the time arrived at which it
was to occur, and I should like to hear gentlemen
argue that point before I give an opinion.
Mr. DAWSON. I would make a suggestion
to my friend from South Carolina. The question
is not now who is entitled to hold this seat. The
question is one more of courtesy towards the State
as to who shall take the seat for the present. The
precedents are all before us, uniform, with a sin-
gle exception,showing the propriety ofthis course,
t do not intend to argue the question now; nor do
I intend to commit myself as to the course I shall
pursue in regard to the final vote. But here are
credentials presented by a Senator said to be elected
by the Legislature of the State of Kentucky. They
have been read at your table, sir; and the question
is, what force are they to have before this body?
Are they not prima facie evidence that the appli-
cant for the seat has been elected according to the
Constitutiorf of the Union and the laws of the
State of Kentucky ? Is not that true ? Certainly
it is. Will he not, therefore, be entitled to his seat
unless there is some opposition presented from some
other source ? Who presents any opposition to the
truth of these credentials? Let us ask ourselves the
question honestly. Is there a Senator upon this
floor who presents a protest or an-objection, or .
who raises the constitutional right of this gen-
tleman to take his seat ? Not one.
But it is said that at the adjournment of the last
session of Congress, there was a Senator in the
seat which is sought to be filled by the gentleman
whose credentials have been presented. Where is
that Senator? He is absent. Why absent? Upon
our record are his credentials. They were read
here when he took the oath of office, and they
show that he was entitled to fill the seat only until
the first Monday of September last. The evidence
under which he took that seat was received by
you, and in conformity to it, he filled the seat, and
in obedience to it he has retired. Can any man,
then, honestly rise here, and say to Kentucky, that
there is a contest for this seat between two gentle-
men presenting themselves as the proper Senators
from that State ? No one can say it. How, then,
do gentlemen undertake to distinguish between Mr.
Dixon and my colleague, [Mr. Charlton,] who
took his seat precisely under the same circumstan-
ces, and, as I am inclined to think, took his seat
correctly. Now, let me present to the Senate the
condition of these cases. Mr. Clay resigned in
anticipation. He did not notify the Senate of the ,
United States of his intention. He sent his resig-
nation to the elective power—the Legislature of
Kentucky. Judge Berrien, the distinguished pre-
decessor of my present colleague, resigned in anti-
cipation. These are two distinguished men, known
to the country as great constitutional lawyers, and
distinguished for the soundness and correctness of
their constitutional opinions. They believed that
they had the right to resign in anticipation. They
both resigned. The Legislature in Kentucky filled
the vacancy. No Legislature being in session in
Georgia, the Governor of that State filled the va-
cancy. The power of the Governor of the State of
Georgjp, and the power of the Legislature of the
State of Kentucky, depend upon the Constitution
