18 SSt.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
would therefore move that the Senate ilo now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Toksday, Decembtr 7,1852.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The following gentlemen, in addition to those
who answered to their names yesterday, appeared
in their seats to-day, viz: Messrs. Polk, John-
son of Arkansas, Harris of Alabama, Edger-
ton, Russell, Hart, Houston, Cabell of
Floods, Breckinridge, White of Alabama,
Chcrciiwell, McCorkle, Price, Schermer-
horn, Flotd, and Chastain.
The SPEAKER. When the House adjourned
on yesterday, the proposition to refer the Presi-
dent's message to the Committee of the Whole
on the Btate of the Union was under discussion.
Under the rules, the call of the States for peti-
tions will be first in order, unless, by the unani-
mous consent, the House proceed to the further
consideration of the proposition to refer the Pres-
ident's message. i
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia. There are, ac-
cording to our rules, now no standing committees.
They have yet to be appointed; and if the States
be called for petitions and resolutions, as a matter
of course they will have to be referred to commit-
tees, when there are no such committees in exist-
ence. This subject I desire to bring to the con-
sideration of the House. I do not think it at all
important now to call the States for petitions. I
move that the Speaker proceed to the appoint-
ment of the regular standing committees of this
House under the 76th rule; and I trust that it
will be done.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ste-
phens's motion, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the proposition to refer the President's
message will be in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is no
standing committee to which it can be referred.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to refer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Upon that proposition the gentleman
from New Mexico [Mr. Weichtman] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. Mr. Speaker, when I
gave way on yesterday to a motion to adjourn, I
was engaged in advocating the printing of 5,000
copies of the President's message—without the
accompanying documents—in the Spanish lan-
guage.
In the course of my remarks, I called attention
to the (act that the object for which the message
and documents have been printed at all, is that
information concerning the state of the country,
and the mode in which the Government is carried
on, may be communicated to the people of the
States; and that in order to do this, it is necessary
to print in such languages as the people can un-
derstand ,
I combated the idea which hw heretofore been
made to printing in other languages than the
English, viz: that printing in the one language
promoted homogeneousness. I showed, by ref-
erence to the history of the colonies at the time
of and before the formation of the Constitution,
that so far from being indebted to homogeneous-
ness for any beneficial effect on our Constitution,
all the distinguishing characteristics which make !
it unlike and superior to that of all other govern-
ments, grew oiit of the diverse interests which ex-
isted in the colonies. Diverse interests, diverse
peculiarities, diverse religions stamped upon our
Government its peculiar characteristics. I at-
tempted to show that homogeneousness is the
centripetal force which tends towards consolida-
tion in our Government; diverseness, the centrif- ■
ijgal force which sustains the authority of the
States; and that homogeneousness being baneful
rather than, as it had been assumed to be, ben-
eficial, objection based on its supposed merits,
fails. _ j
The next objection to printing in other languages
than the English, which I was considering at the
time I gave way, was, that the language of the
United States was English, and that this fact fur- i
nished a reason why we should print the message
in that language alone. True it is, English is the
language of the Constitution of the United States
and of the General Government. In that language
alt its business is transacted; but it is not true that
it is the language of the people of the States or of
the States themselves. The object of printing the
President's message at all is to give information,
not to the General Government, for the General
Government is the giver, not the seeker of this kind
of information; but it is intended for the people of
the States as well as the States themselves. One
of the States of this Union, Louisiana, has for its
established language the French, and another,
California, has for its established language the
Spanish; and though both of these States have
English also as their language, there is no consti-
tutional objection to each of them adopting re-
spectively the French and Spanish as their sole
State languages. Each State has the right to
make its own local laws, and to declare what
shall be the language of those laws.
The probability that States, with languages
other than English as their sole Stale languages,
will hereafter be admitted into the Union, is, I
think, extremely probable. When we look at the
progress of our Government from the year 1783,
the date of our treaty with England, its progress
in population and in extent of territory are most
remarkable; and if we judge by the past what we
may expect in the future, the conclusion is inevit-
able that we must have States with established
languages other than the English. In 1783 the
territory of the United States comprised one mil-
lion square miles; fifty-six years afterwards it
comprised three and a half millions. Any one
can make the .calculation how mueh it will be in
fifty-six years from this time. I have made a
rough estimate of it, and the calculation, based
upon authentic statistics, is, that in the year 1915
the population of the United States will be more
than one hundred and fifty millions, and the area
of our territory greater than all .Vori/i .America; and
the probability is that many new States, with
other languages than the English, will be members
of the Union before the termination of the present
century.
Our Government is capable of making happy
more than one race of people.
Its capacity for extension is without limit: for
as new and diverse elements are brought into the
Union, its bonds are strengthened, strengthened
by increasing the supporters of that great principle
of harmony—non-intervention of theGeneral Gov-
ernment in the local legislation of its parts; and
without the maintenance of this principle, our life
as a nation is short.
But without going to the future for cases in
point, we have now two States and one Territory
(Louisiana, California, and New Mexico) which
have established languages, other than English.
In New Mexico, out of a population of 65,000
souls, ther% are not more than 500 who understand
the English.
I am at a loss to discover any good reason why
they, too, should not have light, and I think that
sound policy and justice require the adoption of
the amendment I have offered.
Mr. BROOKS. I would inquire of the Chair,
whether it is in order to submit an amendment to
the amendment? I believe it is an amendment, we
are now discussing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] moved to refer the message to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and So have it printed, and the gentleman
from New Mexico [Mr. Weightman! moved as
an amendment that five thousand copies extra be
printed in the Spanish language. A motion, there-
fore, to amend is in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] with
the following amendment:
R ennlved, That so much of the mexmge as relates to the
subject of the tariff and revenue from customs be referred
to a "select committee, with power to examine witnesses
and collect testimony here and elsewhere, with instructions
to report as soon as "possible the same, with a bill reducing
the duty on imports to such an amount an may be required
for au. economical administration of the Government.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order, that it is not germane to the proposition as
an amendment.
. The SPEAKER. It has been the ciptom of
this body to divide the President's, message, and
refer its different parts tothe various committees
of the House. I think it has been done in the
House as well as in the Committee of the Whole,
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the Chair to de-
cide that my amendment is in order.
The SPEAKER. TheChair has not yet made
his decision.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the Chair whether
the question before the House is not a motion to
print the message? The gentleman from New
Mexico, as I understand, has offered an amend-
ment to the motion to print.
The SPEAKER. The question is to commit
and print.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] then
comes in as a proposition to amend that part of it
which is to print.
The SPEAKER. It is to amend that portion
which is to commit.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Ifit were merely a prop-
osition to commit, then the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] would be
in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to have my amend-
ment read in its proper order.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
original proposition.
The proposition was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the message be. referred to the Cnmmitte*
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be print-
ed ; and that fifteen thousand extra copies, with the accom-
panying documents, be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to>make a sin-
fle point. The proposition of the gentleman from
lew York [Mr. Brooks] is to amend the propo-
sition of the gentleman from New Mexico, [Mr.
Weightman]—which is not to lay the message
upon the table, but to print it jn the Spanish lan-
guage. Now, I submit to the Chair, whether the
oroposition of the gentleman from New York [Mr,
Brooks] is germane?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] can com«
in as an amendment to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New Mexico, [Mr,
Weightman.] The only question Vith the Chair
is this: The proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is twofold: One propo-
sition is to commit. That, as a substantive prop-
osition, is amendable; and the Chair is disposed
io think, that the amendment of the gentleman from
New Yprk [Mr. Brooks] would be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The proposition
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
I conceive, would be in order after we had dis-
posed of the amendment of the gentleman from
New Mexico, [Mr. Weightman,]—after we had
disposed of all that part of my motion which re-
lates to the printing of the message.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman allow
the Chair to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. Is it not within the recollec-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee that the
House has usually disposed first of the motion: to
commit, and then of the motion to print? Thfe
decision of the Chair will be, that the motion to
commit must first be disposed of. -
Mr. JONES. My recollection of the practice
of the House is, that an amendment to the motion
to print must first be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide that
the motion of the gentleman from New York is not
in order as an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not propose it as an
amendment to the amendment. In order to avoid
all technicalities, I will propose it as a substitute
for the amendment of the gentleman from New-
Mexico.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to that. The
proposition of the gentleman from New Mexico
must first be disposed of. No proposition is in
order but a motion to amend that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] and decides that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] is not in order in the form in which it is
now offered.
Mr. BROOKS. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that I have no right to amend either the
original proposition or the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New Mexico ?
