20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7,
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman's proposition to amend the amendment
is not in order. The Chair is of opinion—and so
stated—that the proposition to commit is amend-
able, and that that is the first proposition to be de-
cided, if a division is asked.
Mr. BROOKS. That is the point to which I
drew the attention of the Chair. I wish to amend
the motion to commit the message, by excepting
that part of it which relates to the revenue from
customs.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks, as modified,
was then read by the Clerk, as follows: i
" Lxcept so much of the message as relates to the tariff '
and revenue from customs, which shall be referred to a se-
lect committee, with power to examine witnesses and to
collect testimony here and el-ewhere ; and witli mstniotions '
to report as soon as possible upon the same, with a bill re-
ducing the duties on imports to such an amount as may he
required for an economical administration of the Govern-
ment."
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that that
amendment is in-order, and that it takes prece-
dence of the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from New Mexico, [Mr. YVi'.ightman.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. Do I understand the Chair to decide that,
pending the proposition of the gentleman from
New Mexico, [Mr. Weigiitm^n,! the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Urooks] can make a prop-
osition to amend also, and that you can have two
propositions to amend pending at the same time?
The SPEAKER. 1 lie Chair begs leave to ex-
plain.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is to commit
and to print. The Chairdecides that the question
on the motion to commit must first be taken, and
that the motion to commit is amendable. When
that proposition is disposed of, the question of
printing will arise. That will also be amendable,
and the amendment of the gentleman from New
Mexico will then be pending. That is the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I believe the question
of order is debatable.
Air. BROOKS. I should not occupy half the
time with my remarks that the gentleman is con-
suming by these questions of order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am very glad to hear
that; but I think the rules of the House ought to
be adhered to, and that we had better start out
understanding our position. I think that, under
that decision of the Chair, we shall get into inter-
minable difficulty with this message, and from
that decision I appeal.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman refer to
the rule on which he relies?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I refer to all the rules,
Mr. Speaker. [Laughter.] I think the Chair
had better refer to some rule on which he relies.
I just desire to say that, if the decision of the
Speaker is sustained by the House, we never can
get clear of this question, or arrive at a vote
upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
that is the only possible mode by which we can
avoid interminable difficulty. That is his opinion.
The House, however, can correct the Chair, if he
is in error.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As I under-
hand the question of order, it is this: A motion
is made to commit the message and print it, and
the Speaker holds that that motion is divisible
and that when divided, a proposition to amend'
the motion to commit takes precedence of an
amendment to the motion to print.
C™6 SPEAKER. That is the decision of the
STEPHENS. Then I move that the ap- i
peal be laid upon the table. v
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state in addi- !
tion to what has been said by the gentleman from I
(jeorgia, that the uniform practice of the House
lias been to divide propositions such as that made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones 1
and the vote has been uniformly taken first upon
committing, and secondly upon printing Both
ofXSChair ^ amendable'in the opinion ;
Mr RICHARDSON. Both are amendable, !
but the question is as to the order in which amend-
ments are to be proposed. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] had proposed his amend- I,
ment before the gentleman from New Mexico
[Mr. Weightman] offered his, it would have been
first in order. The gendeman from New Mexico
having made his proposition first, it must first be
disposed of. That is the difference between the
Chair and myself.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit,
however, uniformly takes precedence, and must
be disposed of first. And if amendable at all,
must be amendable at this stage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Weil, sir, L withdraw
the appeal.
The appeal was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. I submit to the Chair whether a motion
to commit, referring one part to one committee,
and another part to another committee, can be
made at all. I submit to the Chair whether the
i rules do not prescribe the .order in which motions
to commit shall be put. If a motion is made to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and then 
Mr. BROOKS, (interrupting.) I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] is upon the floor to a question
of order.
Mr. BROOKS. Is the appeal debatable?
Mr. JONES. There is no appeal pending.
The SPEAKER. A new question of order is
being raised by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES,, of Tennessee, (resuming.) I
cannot at this moment turn to the precise rule, but
I think the rules prescribe the order in which mo-
tions to refer shall be put—first, to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, then to a
; standing committee, and then to a select commit-
tee.
The SPEAKER. Certainly, the rules pre-
scribe the order in which motions to refer shall be
put. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. JONES. But the proposition before the
House refers one part to one committee, and
another part to another. Now, that is uni-
formly done in Committee of the Whole. When
the whole message is referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union we can
parcel it out, and then come into the House and
adopt resolutions referring the different parts to
the different standing committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule
the question of order, on the ground that it is as
competent for the House to send the various parts
of the message to the several committees of the
body as it is for the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to do so.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
agreed to the joint resolution of the House in ref-
erence to the appointment of Chaplains to Con-
gress, and had appointed, on their part, the Rev-
erend C. M. Butler.] . ,
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to makeafew
remarks in connection with the proposed reference,
and they will be very few. Tile original proposition
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is
to refer the whole message to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The exception
which I propose to make is of that part of the
message which relates !o the revenue derived from
■I the House and the country to be mindful of the
fact, thatthere was in July last between $14,000,000
and $15,000,000 of surplus revenue, and that there
are now probably in the Treasury $20,000,000 of
surplus revenue. I do notwish to begin to make
appropriations at all—I do not wish to begin to
take deliberate action upon any of the appropri-
ation bills until this surplus revenue business is
first disposed of, or, if not disposed of, until some
means be taken to guard against its accumulation
in the Treasury. For with ^20,000,000 of sur-
plus revenue at thedisposal of this Contrress, how-
ever well-disposed we may be, it is quite impossi-
ble for us to administer the Government with
economy and wisdom in the general scramble there
must be and will be for those $20,000,000 rolling
up and accumulating more and more. It is on
this account that I have proposed to except that
particular part of the message relating to the reve-
nue derived from customs, from the genera] dis-
position of the message, ar.d to have it referred to
a select, committee who, sitting immediately, shall
immediately examine and act upon so important
a subject. I have separated this part of the mes-
sage from its ordinary course of reference—the
Committee of Ways and Means—in whose mael-
strom this, as all other subjects, have hitherto
been ingulfed in this House—for a variety of rea-
sons. My first reason is, that no one committee
of this House should have about the whole dis-
customs. I have several reasons for making that
exception, and I will submit a few of them for the
consideration of the House. The first is, that,
under the old, and I must say, bad habits of doin<"
business in this House, it is not at all Certain that
'{. reference of this whole message is made to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, any action can be had upon an important
part of it until Jong after the 1st of January, and
that when that action is had it must be had with
so much rapidity that it will be quite impossible
for the members of the House to have a fair and
lull investigation of the subject upon which thev
are to give their votes. My object, therefore, is
to present a proposition in the earlier days of the
session,and during the holidays to have that sort
of investigation which will provide the House
w-lt,J ,a(jtF'a,n(^ tl,en immediately, upon the closing
of the holidays, to have the deliberate action of
the House upon those facts which shall have been
brought to their attention.
I have excepted this subject of revenue because,
before we begin to pass any law whatever, I want
posal of its legislation, as that committee is obliged
to have under our present mode of doing busi-
ness; and, secondly, because if the Committee of
Ways and Means devote all their time, as they
must, to do the work well, from now until the 1st
of February, to the preparation of the appropri-
ation bills, it will be quite impossible for them
well to prepare and sufficiently to digest so im-
portant and intricate an act as a revenue bill, for
the consideration of the House. I know from
my experience upon that committee that, with the
most assiduous and devoted work, there will not
be sufficient time for the committee to prepare the
appropriation bills alone. If, in addition to all
that, this whole subject of revenue from customs
is thrown upon the committee, either the appro-
i priation bills or this revenue bill will not be ready
to be acted on until sometime near midnight on
the 3d of March, when its reading will be dis-
pensed with, because nobody in the sleepy hours
of the night, and in the noise and confusion then
prevailing, can either hear, understand, or even
guess, what is going on.
I have, therefore, sir, at this early period of the
I session, made this move, in order that, like wise
men, we may prepare ourselves now, to act here-
after. I have my own views upon the subject of
| the best mode of correcting this accumulation of
i surplus revenue, and in a speech which I made at
m the last session of Congress, I, in some degree,
I, expressed those views in pointing out the errors of
the existing act. I do not propose to repeat those
remarks at the present time, nor to enter upon any
I discussion of the tariff at all, further than to pre-
! pare the way for accommodating this tariff to the
| present imperious demands of the times.*
This surplus revenue, I must say, however, is
not accruing under the tariff act of 1846, but un-
der the tariff which we made two years ago; and
: the Jreasury circulars on which that act was
founded, passed, I think, on some night in March,
amid the closing scenes of the then short session.
A bill then came to us from the Senate, and we
found it necessary to precipitately urge it through
the House, because the Supreme Court of the
clij had al>r°gate'l the Treasury circulars
of Mr. Walker, and other Secretaries, and thus
Congress was compelled to override by legislation
ese judicial decisions, which had overthrown
about all of the action of the Treasury under the
, teriff of 1846' Thls act of March, 1850, legaliz-
' tli a mi',?, mr" bro°ks's remarks last year, was,
184® ™:xs no« the tariff under which duties
lf£n " . '•.ollL'cte,d> bu' a« (Hunter's act) of March,
s,.reaJ tariff law of the land. The Supreme
HrnnLI ^e.- « C, ates hav'ns " nullified" the Treasury
unHe! Xhi L becrfitary Walker, and other circulars
, „r„K.y, ' , revenues had been illegally collected, and
' Cmiere" ^a\er i, S C"a''"es beyond the act of 1817,
i Tra™,?,. March, 18o0, ,na(je ,|H. prjncjp]cs of |tl<,se
crease y,?''x rs ",e 'aw 'he laud, and caused the in-
ll! f revenue now going on. These Treasury eireu-
innr'e= Confess legalizing their principles, had
, revemL ™ rcV,>"ue ""'lions, and had led to this surplus
to !,, ,k f""''50"1 Iariff act, Mr. Brooks then con-
j tended, vv as, therefore, the act of 1850, not the act of 1846.
