1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
credentials were until the first Monday of Septem-
ber last. That period has passed. What author-
ity then lias the Presiding Officer or the Secretary
to keep Mr. Meriwether's name on the rqji ? The
Senate cannot order a man's name to be placed
upon the roll, except according to the credentials
before them, unless there be a contested election,
and then the Senate must settle the right between
the parties. I did not wish to change the issue.
The only object I had in view was to give the «a-
sons why I thought Mr. Meriwether's name ought
not to be called. I called for the reading of his cre-
dentials in order that every one might see that his
term of service expired on the first Monday of
September last, and that therefore his name is not
now entitled to be upon the roll.
Mr. CASS. It appears to me that either case
brings the same question before this body. If in
calling the names of the members as they stood
on the first of September last, the Secretary should
come to the name of Mr. Meriwether, and any-
body should object to his name being called, that
would bring up thequestion. You have to deter-
mine whether Mr. Meriwether is now a member
of your body. So that in either case the effect
will be precisely the same. I do not see that it
makes any difference which course we pursue.
Nor do I see that the limitation which the Gov-
ernor affixed to the tenure of the office affects the
question. If the Legislature elects a Senator for
six years and the Governor gives him a certificate
for only three years, it would not produce the
slightest effect unon the tenure of office of the per-
son elected. When the Governor appointed Mr.
Meriwether he fulfilled his constitutional duty; but
the tenure of office does not depend upon the opin-
ion of the Governor. He does not preclude that
question at all. The tenure of the appointment,
when it is once made, depends on the Constitution,
and of that we are necessarily the judges. I there-
fore consider the certificate of the Governor as con-
clusive evidence as to the appointment of Mr.
Meriwether for the time being. But how long
Mr. Meriwether shall retain his seat in this body,
is a question entirely beyond the jurisdiction of
the Governor; so it seems to me.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would inform
honorable Senators, that he had no disposition to
bring up any discussion whatever. He wished the
Senate to understand the precise position in which
the matter stood. Inasmuch as the question is
pending, he did not feel at liberty, without the au-
thority of the Senate, to strike Mr. Meriwether's
name from the roll, because the very question
pending is as to whether he is oris not entitled.
And therefore, the Chair brought the point to the
view of the Senate, wilh the hope and expectation
that they would devise some mode by which to
get clear of the difficulty without prejudicing the
claim of the individual who presents credentials
showing the action of the Legislature, or the claim
of Mr. Meriwether, who before occupied the seat.
The suggestion of the Senator from Virginia is
that, by unanimous consent, the name of Mr. Mer-
iwether, for the present, be omitted from the roll
until there shall be a decision by the Senate of the
constitutional question.
Mr. CASS. I understood that that was objected
to by the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. HUNTER. I had no desire to say anything
in reference to the merits of the question. The
time has not come for that. I spoke only as to
the proper mode of getting at it. Now, contested
elections may present two classes of cases. One
is as to who has the return; another as to who is
elected; and precedents may be found where the
body have given one man the return, thinking him
prima facie entitled upon the question of creden-
tials, and have afterwards, upon an examination
of the question of election, ousted that man, and
put in another. Therefore, sir, it is perfectly
competent to the Senate, if they choose, to refer
not only the question of election, but the question
of credentials, to the committee which it is pro-
posed to raise. And, sir, there is a question of
credentials. The one Senator presents credentials
founded upon the action of the Legislature. An-
other has presented a certificate, which, it is con-
tended here, extends beyond and does constitute a
credential, for the whole term, until another Legis-
lature . shall elect. So that there is a question as
to credentials; and it seems to me perfectly proper
and perfectly consonant with previous precedent
to refer that question, as well as the other, to a
select committee of the Senate, if the Senate should
determine to raise one. My only object was to
get along with the public business, ana get rid of
any embarrassment in the mode of getting at the
question. It seems to me that the best mode would
be, by unanimous consent, to drop Mr. Meri-
wether's name from the roll, and let the whole
matter be referred to a committee for examination.
Mr. BRIGHT. I apprehend that if Mr. Meri-
wether were in his seat, he would not be entitled
to vote in this case, upon general parliamentary
principles. It is a matter in which he is directly
; interested; and every principle of parliamentary
law excludes a member, situated as he is, from
voting on such a question. He is absent, for two
reasons: A sense of delicacy would prevent his
j "occupying a place to which he believes he is en-
titled under the circumstances that surround this
; case; and it is due to him to say, that he is not
claiming this place. He sets up no claim to it. I
| understand him to occupy this attitude: that if he
I be declared entitled to it under an order of the Sen-
1 ate, carrying out the Constitution according to its
j letter and its spirit, he is willing to take it; not
otherwise. I believe that he is now the sitting
' member, and as such, would be entitled to vote upon
| ordinary subjects—upon any other business than
that which directly interests him. But in this
case, I apprehend he would not be entitled to vote."
I will read from Jefferson's Manual on this point;
for I believe the general principles laid down by
parliamentary authors are in force in the Senate, 1
and are observed here:
" Where the private interests of a member are concerned, [
in a bill or question, he is to withdraw. And where such
an interest has appeared, his roice has been disallowed, 1
even after a division, [n a case so contrary, not only to
the laws of decency, but to the f undamental principle of
the social compact, which denies to any man to be a judge
in his own cause, it is for the honor of the House that this
rule, of immemorial observance, should be strictly adhered
to."
As I said before, if Mr. Meriwether were now
in his seat, he would not be entitled to vote, there-
fore it is a waste of time to discuss that question.
The PRESIDENT. But that will not prevent ;
his name being called unless the Senate make some
order to the contrary. ;
Mr. BRIGHT. As a matter of course his
name will be called if it be upon the roll; but he
cannot vote on the question.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Virginia !
misunderstands me and misunderstands the quesr
tion before the Senate. The question now pend-
ing is not upon the resolution to refer the creden-
tials of Mr. Dixon to a committee, but it is upon
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] that in the mean
time Mr. Dixon be sworn in as a member of this
body. Therefore I say, that the decision of the
question whether Mr. Meriwether's name be
called or not, determines my vote. If Mr. Meri-
wether presents no prima facie case, if his name is
blotted from the roll of the Senate, then the gen-
tleman presenting credentials is entitled to. be
sworn in, and I shall vote to have him sworn in.
But if Mr. Meriwether claims to be a member of
the Senate, he has the prima, facie case, and the
other gentleman is not entitled to be sworn in.
This point brings up the whole case. Its decision
settles my vote at all events.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be gov-
erned by the disposition of the Senate in this mat-
ter.
Mr. CASS. I take it for granted that if the
Clerk proceeds to call the roll, and comes to the
name of Mr. Meriwether, and the calling of his
name is objected to, it will bring up the whole
question. The roll now stands precisely as it did
on the last day of August when we ad journed. If
Mr. Meriwether's term has since expired, there is
an end to the question before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. Unless it is otherwise or-
dered, the Chair will direct the roll to be called,
with a perfect understanding on the part of Sena-
tors, that the Secretary shall call the nameof Mr.
Meriwether.
Mr. CLEMENS. If so, I have no objection to
the roll being called; but wherf his name is called,
I shall object to it. I shall wish to ascertain
whether he is a member of the Senate, and that
will raise the whole question. I think it better to
settle the matter before the roll is called.
The PRESIDENT. It will certainly be much
better to decide, before the commencement of the i
calling of the roll, whether Mr. Meriwether's name
shall be called or not. It would be very embar-
rassing to have the call interfered with in the way
suggested.
Mr. BUTTER. If we are to have an impartial
decision upon these questions on the issue made
by the call of Mr. Meriwether's name, many gen-
tlemen will be committed without a full under-
standing of the subject.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair was aware of
that, and therefore it was that he wished the de-
cision of the Senate as to that point.
Mr. BUTLER. I say that this is a form of a
decision unfavorable to truth. The result will be
that we shall have the decision first, and the dis-
cussion afterwards.
Mr. CASS. There seems to be no help for it.
Mr. BUTLER. If the honorable Senator from
Alabama should object, as he intimates that he
will, it will bring up the whole question. I con-
fess that for one, I am like him. My vote will
depend very much upon the question of whether
Mr. Meriwether is, or is not, entitled to be called
as a Senator.
Mr. MANGUM. I would inquire how the
name of Mr. Meriwether comes to be upon the
roll ? The making out of the roll is a mere clerical
duty; and if the Secretary confines himself to the
mere prima facie case upon the certificate the name
of Mr. Meriwether could not be upon the roll. I
would therefore inquire by what authority that
name is upon the roll ?
The PRES1 DENT. The authority is very ap-
parent. Mr. Meriwether was a member of the
Senate at the last session. His name appeared on
the list of Senators as such, and there is no decis-
ion made that he is not entitled to his seat at this
session. That is the question now pending, and
until that is decided the Secretary has no alterna-
tive but to keep his name upon the list. There-
fore it was that the Chair brought the matter to
the attention of the Senate, with the hope that
they would take immediate action without preju-
dicing the Claim of either of the gentlemen, so as to
get clear of the difficulty, and by general consent
let the name be passed over for the present, which
would not prejudice Mr. Meriwether or any one
else; and that was the suggestion of the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, *1 would ask
whether it would be in order to move, in answer
to the suggestion of the Presiding Officer, that the
Secretary be directed, in calling the roil on the
?resent occasion, to omit Mr. Meriwether's name?
f that motion is in order it will meet the whole
difficulty, and answer the object of the Senator
from Virginia.
The PRESIDENT. That can be done by
general consent.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be done by general con-
sent, we reserve Mr. Meriwether's right; but if
his name be stricken off by order of the Senate,
his right would seem to be gone.
Mr. CASS. The proposition suggested by the
Senator from Ohio would not remove the difficulty.
It still brings up the old question before us.
Mr. HUNTER. I think I was not precisely
understood in the suggestion which I made. This
case, if I understand it in its present position, as-
similates itself more nearly to the case of a double
return>han any other in relation to which we have
precedents. Suppose two members present them-
selves, each with a return. In such a case, would
we  wear either of them in? No, sir; but we
would refer the matter to a committee to see which
of them was entitled to the return—to see which
had the right return; and until then, neither of
them would be sworn. It seems to me that it
would be regular and legitimate to refer this whole
question to a committee, because, as it now stands,
it assimilates itself more nearly to a case of that
sort than to any other. One party maintains that
the certificate which Mr. Meriwether did present,
although limited by the Governor, was yet in fact
a return, or an appointment up to the time when
another Legislature, or the same Legislature at a
subsequent meeting, should elect. Another por-
tion of the Senate believe that it was no return—
that the only return for the present vacancy is that
presented by the member who has credentials un-
der the authority of the Legislature. It is, there-
fore, a dispute in relation to the very question of
return—a dispute which is eminently fitted for a
committee to examine and to settle; and it was
