56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLpBE.
Dec. 8,
for that reason that I proposed that, by general
consent, without pretending to decide the question
now, the whole subject should be referred to a
committee—not merely the question of election,
but of return.
Mr. G WIN. Mr. President, if a resolution be
offered that when the Secretary comes to the name
of Mr. Meriwether, he shall call it as a member
of the Senate, will it not bring up the whole ques-
tion'
Mr. BUTLER. That is the question now
pending.
The PRESIDENT. The suggestion of the
Senator from Virginia was, that, by unanimous
consent, the name of Mr. Meriwether should be
passed over for the present.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of that, if it can be
done.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Chair hear any
objection to that course?
'Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Alabamasaid
he would object.
Mr. CHASE. I understood him to say that
he would object to calling the name.
Mr. MILLER. What is the proposition?
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is, that
in order to get clear of any difficulty, the name of
Mr. Meriwether, by unanimous consent, be omit-
ted in the present call.
Mr. CLEMENS. That is the very question
which involves me in difficulty. If we consent to
that, I must vote for the amendment. If Mr. Mer-
iwether is claiming the seat, I insist that he has a
prima facie title; because I admit, as contended by
his friends, that, under ordinary circumstances,
the Governor had no right to limit him; therefore,
I say, he has the prima facie title, if he does not
himself acknowledge that he is out. If he is out,
then we must swear in the man presenting a prima
facie claim. That is the very point which 1 wish
to ascertain before I vote.
Mr. MASON. I have no disposition in the world
to throw difficulties in the way of the inquiry which
must be made, but I cannot agree with the sug-
gestion of my colleague to omit the name of this
gentleman from the roll. The question undoubt-
edly stands thus: Mr. Meriwether took his seat
at the last session under a commission from the
Governor of JCentucky, which was valid, and his
name must remain upon the roll until it is stricken
from it by competent authority. Now, the ques-
tion arises—and it is a very direct one—whether
Mr. Meriwether is or is not a Senator. If he be
a Senator, we have no right by any consent to
strike his name from the roll. But the Senate can
determine, by judicial action, whether hebea Sen-
ator or not, because the duty devolves upon them
under the Constitution of determining as to the
election, return, and qualification of its members.
All three duties are conferred upon the Senate.
This is a preliminary question that must be met,
I apprehend, at this stage. I submit, therefore, to
Senators, that it would be better to refer the mat-
ter to a select committee to determine directly the
question whether Mr. Meriwether is or is not now
a Senator. That will determine whether there be
or be not a vacancy in the Senate. Mr. Meri-
wether, of course, can vote upon no question in
which he has an interest; but he is, I apprehend,
entitled now prima facie to vote upon any question
except such as any one is excluded from voting
upon by the rules of the Senate. I think, there-
fore, we should refer to a committee the prelimin-
ary question, whether there be a vacancy. That
question will be included in the inquiry whether
that honorable gentleman [Mr. Meriwether] is now
a Senator.
Mr. GWIN. In order to meet the question, I
have a resolution which I wish to offer.
Mr. BADGER. I rise to a question of order.
We must first dispose of the resolution before the
Senate, before another can be offered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that the resolution cannot be received,
inasmuch as the question pending is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Mangom] to the resolution of the Senator from
California.
Mr. BADGER. I think there is some fallacy
in the view which has been suggested by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, who has just taken his seat.
He says that the name of Mr. Meriwether, who
was sworn in under a commission of the Governor
at the last session of the Senate, must continue on
! the roll until by some competent authority it shall
be displaced from it. Now, sir, it will be recol-
lected that Mr. Meriwether took his seat in the
Senate under an appointment, which by the very
terms of it was limited to a day which has already
expired. It therefore does not follow from the
state of the case, that Mr. Meriwether is still a
member of this body. In order to ascertain that,
we have to determine the other questions that are
raisetftipon the credentials of the person elected by
the Legislature of Kentucky; so that the whole mat-
ter must be decided by the vote which decides any
part of it; for if Mr. Meriwether is now a mem-
ber of this body, then the honorable gentleman who
presents credentials, and asks to be sworn, is not a
member, and so far as I can see, cannot become a
member. That brings us back to the question as to
the power of appointment of the Governor; as to the
effect of the resignation of Mr. Clay to take effect
at a future day; and of course involves all the
questions that arise upon the decision of the case.
It seems to me, then, sir, that there is no prelimin-
ary inquiry which we can decide here which will
leave the main subject behind. Mr. Meriwether
having taken his seat under an appointment which
was to expire on the first Monday of September,
unless something to the contrary is shown, he
.ceased to be a memberon that day. Well, the con-
trary that is shown, is the construction put upon
this clause of the Constitution, that his appoint-
ment must endure. Now, that involves several
serious inquiries, and brings us back agatn, as I
remarked, to the original investigation, as to the
right of the gentleman who offers credentials from
the Legislature of Kentucky, and it therefore opens
up the whole discussion.
I intimated yesterday that it seemed to me that
there was no necessity for a reference to a com-
mittee; that there were no facts to be ascertained
making such a reference necessary. Everything
' is in possession of the Senate as a Senate, upon
which any and all the questions involved must be
decided. The credentials of both gentlemen show
the fact upon their face of a resignation in Decem-
ber, to take effect in the September following; and
therefore there is no necessity for a reference.
The credentials of Mr. Dixon show every fact
except the fact of the death of Mr. Clay, which
fact appears upon -the records of the Senate. 1
observed last night, and wai pleased to do so, on
looking over the discussion that took place in the
Senate on the day before, that my friend from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] had taken the same view
which I did, that there was no necessity for a
reference to a committee. I still retain that opin-
ion. I think the Senate is entirely competent,
without the aid of a committee, to decide this
question; and so far as I can see, a committee
could not afford them any aid, which individual
members cannot, in discussion upon this floor. 1
see no reason to suppose that this is not the true
state of the case. But, at the same time, this is a
very important matter. It is one which should
be fully investigated, and I think gentlemen should
have an opportunity of looking into it and prepar-
ing for discussion, in order that their opinions
may be finally made up. Therefore, if it meets the
approbation of the Senate, I would suggest, and
with their concurrence would move, thatVe post-
pone the further consideration of this subject until
Monday next. Let us take it up then and decide
and finish it. I see no necessity for the interpo-
sition of a committee, and I am very sure that
we cannot decide a part of the question without
deciding the whole. j
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the course which has '
been suggested by the honorable Senator from
North Carolina will be adopted. I find myself
called upon to vote on the amendment proposed
by his colleague, [Mr. Mangum;] and I cannot
discuss that amendment without discussing the
merits of the whole question. I had determined j
| to intimate no opinion, and to form no definite I
I and final opinion until the subject had been con- (
I sidered. I discover that there is a disposition in '
! the Senate to go into this discussion, and it has \
| been gone into; and we have reached the point of i
j voting, of acting, and the very vote we are to
1 ?ive. in my judgment, settles the whole question,
j Before it is settled by a vote of the Senate, I, for
j one, shall be very glad of an opportunity to ex-
j press my views upon it. ;
1 Now, if it is understood that the question shall
I remain until Monday—that it shall then be dis- i
cussed in the Senate, and that the members of
this body shall themselves look into it and exam-
ine the precedents instead of having a committee
do it for them, I see no reason why the whole
question may not as well be disposed of by the
Senate on Monday as by referring it to a commit-
tee, that seeming to betne pleasure of the Senate.
Prom the impossibility of discussing the question
on one side, and not discussing it on the other,
partly discussing it, and partly not discussing it,
and still the debate going on, I think the only
practicable mode is to open the subject and to go
into it on Monday, when Senators shall be ready
to vote finally upon every question that arises. I
hope, therefore, that course will be taken.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
North Carolina move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the resolution until Monday next?
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall vote for that motion;
not, however, for the purpose of going into the dis-
cussion of the question on Monday next, but with
the expectation that by that time, our committees
will be organized, and that the subject will be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, where I
think it ought to go, so that we may have a report
from it before we are called upon to vote on the main
question.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
BARQUE QUEEN OF DUNDEE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announcing
that they had passed the bill of the Senate, author-
izingthe Secretary of t'neTreasury to issue a regis-
ter to the barque " dueen of Dundee," with amend-
ments; in which they requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House.
They are to insert in the bill the words " said ves-
sel to be called, in the register to be issued,' Kate
Wheeler;' " and also to add to the title the words
" to be called ' Kate Wheeler.' "
The amendments were concurred in.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTE.
A message was received from the Houseof Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Hates, ChiefClerk, announ-
cing that they had passed an act making an appro-
priation for bringing to the seat of Government the
votes for President and Vice President of the United
States; in which they requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
i On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
a first and second time by unanimous consent,
and considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs that a sum not exceeding
$20,000 be appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pay-
ment of the sums due by law to the several mes-
sengers of the respective States, as compensation
for conveying to the seat of Government the votes
of the electors of said States for President and
, Vice President of the United States,
j Mr. BADGER. I desire to ask the Senator
! from Virginia one question. He will recollect
that four years ago some provision was adopted
by which the compensation was reduced.
| The PRESIDENT. It has been reinstated.
I Mr. BADGER. Then it is all right.
1 The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. HUNTER. I fiope, by unanimous con-
! sent, it will be read a third time now.
No objection'was made, and the bill was read a
third time and passed.
| APPROPRIATION BILLS.
| Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resoled, Tbat the Committee on Finance be directed
to prepare, awd report to the Senate on or before the first
Monday in January next, all the general appropriation bills,
except the one providing for tlie civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 8, 1852.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
Prayer by the Rev. Mr. Butler.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The following gentlemen, in addition to those
heretofore announced, appeared in their seats to-
