30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 9,
Senate upon that occasion, that there were but
threfe or four Senators who spoke upon that ques-
tion. One of them was Mr. Clay, since deceased;
the others were Mr. Dickinson, of New York, and
Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, not now members of
the Senate, and myself, all of whom, with the ex-
ception of Mr. Clay, were decidedly opposed to
the resolution. With the indulgence of the Sen-
ate, I will read the remarks of Mr. Davis, of Mis-
sissippi, as they are very brief and exceedingly
pertinent. He says:
" I am sorry, sir, that no one else has offered any objec-
tion lo tins resolution. i took upon these ceremonies as an
outward exhibition of respect, costing us a very few days
during a session, and interiering very little with the transac-
tion of public business. I look upon the custom as a sign
of that fraternity winch should e\i>t among members of
Congress. When there is so much strife and schism, I like
to preserve it as the last sign of that fraternity. We meet
liere as the representatives of States—as agents of the
Federal Government. Whether a member dies a day after
the adjournment of the session of Congress, or a day be-
fore it.' meeting—whethera member should die here in the
Halls of Congress, or in Ills own residence—I still would
make public demonstration of the regret which it would be
a shame to us not to feel, and do think the injury to the
public service is so small, that it is well to preserve this out-
ward show of respect to his memory."
There can be, sir, ordinarily, but two or three
of these occasions occurring during the vacation,
and the announcements will usually be made dur-
ing the first week of the session, when the Senate
have nothing to do, and generally adjourn over
from Thursday to Monday. There are Wit sixty-
two members of the Senate in the whole Union;
and it seems to me that if one or two of those ,
who were associated with us in the discharge of
those high duties which the people have devolved
upon us, should fall from our midst, even though
they might not be standing by our side at the
time, it is due to that fraternal regard which the
members of this body ought to hold and entertain
for one another, that they should take some brief,
some passing notice of an event so well calculated
to arrest attention. •
Sir, it is the great effort of the moral teachers of >
our religion to endeavor to impress upon the heart
and mind of man the great lesson of mortality, i
which such an event is calculated to teach; and it
seems to me that it ill becomes the American Sen-
ate, by a formal resolve placed upon their Journal,
to say that the great Teacher may come and knock
at our doors, and take from our midst one of our
number, and that we will take no notice of it.
Sir, if by passing such a resolution of stolid in-
difference to the admonitions of Death, we could
induce the " grim messenger" to turn aside and
not pay his accustomed visits here, there might be
some wisdom and some propriety in such a course.
For myself, without affecting aryr great degree of
sympathy above that of those by whom I am
surrounded, I confess that the fact that an indi-
vidual who has been for years associated with me
here in the discharge of duties, falls by death,
although I might not be immediately present with
him, is one that is calculated to impress most
seriously and most solemnly upon my heart and
upon my mind a great fesson; and I do not feel
that it is appropriate for me deliberately to resolve
that I will disregard a custom which has been
coeval with the history of the Senate. I thought
at the time that the adoption of the resolution was
ill-timed and inexpedient, and I do hope that now
we will return to the old and honored custom, and
will tender to the surviving relatives of our de-
ceased brethren this very slight testimony of the
respect which we entertained for them while living,
and of the affection with which we cherish their
memories when dead.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have but one
word to say. I thought the resolution, which it
is proposed to rescind, a very wise and proper
one when it was adopted, and I have seen nothing
to induce me to change my opinion. When a
death occurs here in the midst of the session, and
takes away one of our co-laborers in the public
service, it is altogether proper that we should
pause in our labors; for it is a lesson that ought
not to be permitted to pass without its proper in-
fluence upon us. But when that death takes place
in a vacation, which is an ordinary occurrence, it
seems to me that such a formal notice of it as
is usual under other circumstances, would cause
the custom to degenerate into an idle and useless
ceremony, rather than anything else. I approved
of the resolution when it was introduced by our
distinguished colleague, that most eminent Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] and I still approve
The question being taken, on a division there
were—ayes 16, noes 22.
So the resolution was rejected.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Gwin, was taken up for consideration:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be directed to
prepare and report to the Senate, on or before the first Mon-
day in January next, all the general appropriation bills,
except the one providing for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government."
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see the Senator from
California, who submitted that resolution, in his
place. I therefore move that its further consid-
eration be postponed until Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF AN EXECUTIVE DOCUMENT.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, a report from the
Secretary of the Navy, in relation to the classifica-
tion and appointment of clerks in the executive
departments, which had been laid on the table,
was ordered to be printed.
RECESS.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business, and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 9, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallagher, Chap-
lain of the House.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved .
The following gentlemen, in addition to those
heretofore announced, appeared in their seats to-
day, viz: Messrs. Clark, Caldwell, Ficklin,
and Grat.
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, an-
nouncing the passage, by that body, of a bill
making an appropriation for bringing to the seat
j of Government the votes for President and Vice
! President of the United States; also, that it had
concurred in the amendment of the House to an
act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the barque Kate Wheeler.
DEATH OF MR. THOMPSON.
Mr. DUNCAN rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: The members of the delegation
from Massachusetts have assigned to me the sad
office of announcing to the House the death of
our lamented friend and colleague, the honorable
Benjamin Thompson, late a Representative in this
body from the Fourth Cougressional district in
that State. At the close of the late protracted ses-
sion, he returned, accompanied by his family, to
his home in Charlestown, to enjoy for a week of
apparent health, the cordial welcome of his friends,
when he was attacked with severe illness, which,
after two weeks, terminated his life on the 24th of
September last. He was permitted to die at home, \
solaced in his parting days by the presence and de- 1
votion of an affectionate wife, an only daughter, !
and of sympathizing friends. His remains rest in
that hallowed repository of the dead, Mount Au-
burn. The sincere expressions of respect, affection,
and grief, paid by those who knew him best, are
his best eulogy.
Massachusetts, Mr. Speaker, has been espe- 1
cially called to mourn the loss of her distinguished
citizens. Thrice, in a few brief weeks, have the
unerring shafts of Death fallen upon her delega-
tion in this body. Rantoul, Fowler, Thomp-
son, in the midst of usefulness and honor, with !
hopes of protracted life as fair as our own, have
in rapid succession been made his victims; and, i
as if to present to a nation's gaze the most signal 1
exhibition of his power, he has more recently i
struck down that distinguished statesman whom ;
not Massachusetts only, but the nation, honors i
and mourns. These repeated and signal conquests i
of Death speak to us, in moat impressive tones, |j
of our duties and our destiny—of our mortality
and our immortality. May we heed their sad and
solemn lessons!
Mr. Thompson was born in Charlestown, Au-
gust 5th, 1798, and was therefore past fifty-four
years of age at his decease. He always resided
in his native town, and his fellow-citizens, justly
appieciating his sterling integrity, judgment, and
fidelity, and his high capacity for public service,
called him early in life to fill their most important
public trusts. He was at different times placed at
the head of each department of the municipal
affairs of the town, before it was created a city.
He presided over the Board of Overseers of the
Poor, over the Committee of Public Schools, and
over the Board of Selectmen, and in all those po-
sitions commanded the confidence of his fellow-
citizens. He was frequently chosen to represent
the town in the Legislature of Massachusetts, and
was twice elected by the county of Middlesex a
Senator in that body.
Mr. Thompson was bred to mercantile pursuits,
and while he pursued these with industry and
success, he yet found time to indulge his love of
reading and to store his mind extensively with
useful knowledge. And he evinced his love of
literature by collecting a library of the most in-
structive books, to which he looked forward as a
resource when he should retire, as he had deter-
mined to do, from active business. This intellect-
ual taste and culture qualified him to preside, for
many years, with eminent propriety, over the
Charlestown Lyceum, and led the city govern-
ment to select him to deliver an eulogy upon Pres-
ident Taylor. Mr. Thompson possessed all those
virtues and practical qualifications which consti-
tute the good citizen and useful public servant.
Good sense—discrimination—the most conscien-
| tious integrity—amiability of temper united with
i a firm adherence to the right—the ability to per-
i form well whatever he undertook—marked him aa
l a man fitted for responsible trusts. And hence,
I while he avoided rather than sought office, his
fellow-citizens selected him to represent their dis-
trict, and elected him a member of theTwenty-
; ninth Congress. At the close of that Congress,
having fulfilled his trust to the entire satisfaction
of his constituents, they yielded to his strongly-
expressed desire to be permitted to return to pri-
vate life. He was subsequently induced, against
his own wishes, by the urgent entreaties of his
numerous friends, again to become a candidate,
I and was elected a member of the present Congress.
Of the intelligence, moderation, and fidelity to
duty of Mr. Thompson, I will not speak to you,
sir, and to these his associates who knew his
worth. In him his district and the Common wealth
have lost an able and an honorable Representa-
i tiye. His place in this House may be filled; but
his death has made a void in the hearts of that
little family circle, and of those relatives " to whom
he was an object of the most affectionate pride and
love," which cannot be filled. He was the delight
of his home, for he possessed those traits of char-
acter which render home delightful. It would
naturally be expected that the foundation of a
character so upright and pure should rest on
Christian principle. And we are assured that he
cherished a profound reverence for the Gospel and
its institutions—that he was a sincere and devout
worshiper at the altar of truth—in a word, that
he' feared and loved God.
Possessing and exemplifying such principles of
action and such dispositions of heart, may we not
hope that the rewards of virtue and piety are his;
that death was to him an entrance into that rest
revealed in the Gospel, the fruition of which should
be the ultimate object of all our actions here and
our daily aspirations?
I move, sir, the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has received with deep sensi-
bility the announcement of the death of Hon. Bekjahw
Thompson, a member of this House from the State oi'Maa-
sachusetts.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the family of the
deceased its sympathy on ttiis afflictive event; and as a
testimony of respect for his memory, the members and offi-
cers of the House will wear the usual badge of mourning
for thirty days. s
Resolred, That the Clerk of the House be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased, and also to the Senate.
Resolred, That as a further testimonial of respect for the
deceased this House do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER said: Mr. Speaker, if I
believed that any word which I might offer on
