1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
this occasion would delay the public business of
this House a single moment, I should hesitate to
comply with the wishes of one or two friends, that
1 should add a few words to what would be and
now has been better uttered by the colleagues and
earlier friends of Mr. Thompson. But 1 know that
the House will adopt the appropriate resolutions
now upon the Clerk's table, and by that adoption
will adjourn for the day.
It was my gocd fortune, as it was that of sev-
eral other members of this House, to have asso-
ciated in a mess with Mr. Thompson, and have
thus possessed and improved an opportunity to
judge of his character—to measure his abilities, so
far as my own standard extended—and to obtain
a full comprehension of his habit of thought, and
his motive of action.
Who Mr. Thompson was, the honorable gen-
tleman who preceded me informed the House.
His character as a legislator, his associates in the
last session of the present Congress, and in for-
mer Congresses of which he was a member, had
means to judge so far as his advocacy of, or his
votes upon a question could indicate. And justice
has been done to him, as a citizen and represent-
ative of that Commonwealth that, supplying to her
children the examples of virtue and the means of
education, is scrupulous in her exactions of her
representatives. If he came up to the standard
erected there, and met the approval of his intellect-
ual constituents, he accomplished an object which
it was a virtue to undertake, a fame to achieve.
That he rose to that standard his election and his
reelection to this House under the peculiar cir-
cumstances that marked the canvass amply prove.
His colleague asserts it, sir, and that is ample tes-
timony.
It is not my purpose to speak of the social re-
lations of Mr. Thompson, of his course of life, or
his public services. I knew him only for the nine
months in which he was in the present Congress,
but I was privileged to hold a close communion
with his heart, and to find that the seat of all manly
honors and of all gentle affections. A stern sense
of duty led him to give his time and his studies to
the discharge of those public trusts with which the
suffrages of his neighbors and party friends had
clothed him. But no hour of the day ever saw
him unobservant of the closer tie and more cher-
ished affinities of domestic association. His first
earthly duty was connected with his highest earthly
affection; and every commission which called him
from the constant associations of home, was a sac-
rifice. But, Mr. Speaker, it was a sacrifice never
avoided from weakness; and perhaps, sir, the ex-
perience of life will enable you and others to sus-
tain the assertion, that love of country, and lofty
patriotic duties, are most reliable when they are
links in that chain of which social attachment and
domestic affection form a part. The reliable pa-
triot must be a good man; and he only is good,
largely, extensively,permanently good, whose af-
fections well forth from the domestic source to
irrigate and bless public life. The general con-
currence of the vote of Mr. Thompson with that
of the gentlemen with whom he took political rank,
might lead the inconsiderate to imagine that he
had yielded his suffrage to party influences. Those
who knew him well, can bear testimony to the
fact that he gave his vote upon reasonable conclu-
sions, and that he reached these conclusions by
careful, and often painful investigations. And
whatever may have been his personal predilec-
tions or party proclivity, His first inquiry on ques-
tions of private or public interest was, " Is it
right?" To these sound qualities of head and
heart, Mr. Thompson added the amenities of a
gentleman, from the exercise of which no rude-
ness could for a moment startle him. The great
beauty of his life, which though it had its best
illustrations and most ample reward in the bosom
of an almost idolizing family, should not be with-
out its effect on those who labored with him in
public.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that the modest, retiring
man, hewever important the situation he may oc-
cupy. presents fewer " salient points" upon which
the satirist or the eulogist can seize, and his vir-
tues seem buried in the diffidence by which they
are surrounded. But conspicuousness, striking
characteristics, are not the only qualities to be ap-
proved in a public man. Those have their time,
their object, and their admirers; but m the ingre-
dients of a legislative hall, the thoughtful gtudent,
the careful investigator, the gentle spirited, and
the upright, must be regarded as essential to the
proper exercise of diverse talents and qualifica-
tions in others. And hence, while the domestic
circle is convulsed with an irreparable bereave-
ment and social life disturbed by the loss of so
good a man, this House may well mourn its de-
privation by the death of so thoughtful, so pure a
man as our late fellow-member.
And, sir, since sorrow for the dead and eulogies
upon their virtues avail little without some well-
defined end, this House will pardon me, I hope,
if I venture to offer the lesson of that good man's
life as the imitable model of legislative morals.
The resolutions were then unanimously adopted;
and the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 10, 1852.
, The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
; The Jou rnal of yesterday was read and approved.
j Mr. W1LDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to is-
I sue a register to the barque Queen of Dundee, to
be called Kate Wheeler; which thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker.
private business.
Mr. EDGERTON. Is it in order, Mr. Speak-
er, to move to proceed to the consideration of the
Private Calendar, and private bills upon the Speak- |
;; er's table, this being Friday? '
The SPEAKER. It would be in order, but
there is no private business before the House, nor
can there be, according to the rule, until after the
first six days of the session.
president's message.
i! Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, will it be in |
! order to move that the rules be suspended arid that
| the House resolve itself into the Committee of
j the Whole on the state of the Union, with a view j
| to refer the President's message? 'r j
| The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in !
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I make that motion,
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the sub-
ject of the President's message, which has been
referred to this committee.
j The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
| Mr. HOUSTON. In connection with that sub-
ject, I offer the resolutions which I now send to
the Clerk's table.
The resolutions were then read, as follows:
1. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress at the present session as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence in relation
thereto; to further legislation lor the protection and pun-
lshmentof foreign consuls residing in the United Slates; to
a revival, with modifications, of the aet of ]0th March,
1838; to restrain unlawful military expeditions against the
inhabitants of conterminous Slates or Territories; to the
totalling our treaty stipulations with Mexico,—be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
2. That so much of said message as relates to the exist-
ing tariff, and recommends a revisiou and change of its pro-
visions ; so much as relates to the general condition of the
Treasury and finances of the Government; to the revenue
and the prevention of frauds in its collection ; the public
debt and its payment; the esumated receipts and expendi-
tures for the ensuing fiscal year,—be referred to the Com-,
mittee on Ways and Means.
3. That soniuch of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the condition and operation of the
Army of the United States, and recommends an increase of
the same; as relates to a revision of the present system of
fortifications; to a retired list of officers who may be unfit
for duty, together with the report of the Secretaryof War, 
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
4. That so much of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to the Navy of the United States; its
condnion and operation; to the establishment of a perma-
nent corps of seamen ; to the reorganization of the Naval
Academy; to the establishment of a corps of apprentices
for the Navy; to a retired list, together with the report of
the -Secretary of the Navy,—be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
5. That so much of said message as relates to the appoint-
ment of a commission to revise the public statutes of the
United State;; to tlie establishment of a uniform fe« bill;
to the appointment of a comrrtBsion to settle all private
claims against the United States; to the preservation and
protection trom mutilation or theft of the papers, records,
and archives of the nation ; to the prevention of frauds upon
the Government in applications for pensions and bounty
lands; as recommends that provision be made by law for the
punishment, not only of those who shall accept bribes, but
also of those who shall either promise, eive, or offer to
give, to any officers or clerks, a bribe or reward, relating to
any matter of their officii action or duty; to the publica-
tion ot the results of the Seventh Census,—be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
f>. That so much of said message and accompanying
documents as relates to our intercourse with the Tndian
tribes, be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
7. That so much of said message and accompanying
documeuts as relates to the Post Office Department its
condition and operation, together with the report of'the
Postmaster General, be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
8. That so much of said message as relates to commerce
and the improvement of harbors, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
9. That so much of said message and aecompanying
documents as relates to the public lands ; their survey and
sale; to the establishment of land offices for the sale ot pub-
lic lands in California and the Territory of Oregon, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
10. That so much of said message as relates to the im-
provement of the navigation of rivers, be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
11. That so niuch of said message as relates to the estab-
lishment of an Agricultural Bureau, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
12. That so much of said message as relates to the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
13. That so much of said message as relates to the public
buildings, be referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds. .
14. That so much of said message as relates to patPnts ;
a periodical publication and distribution of an analytical
digest of all the patents which have been or may hereafter
be granted for useful inventions and discoveries, be referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. HOUSTON I do not propose to occupy
the attention of the committee in the discussion
growing out of these resolutions, and especially o'f
their adoption. I believe that they are, with one
exception, the usual resolutions, and give, in my
opinion, the proper direction to the various portions
of the President's message. I trust that the com-
mittee will give them its immediate action, in order
that the standing cQmmittees may have full oppor-
tunity of investigation.
Mr. BRO0KS. I move to amend the second
resolution by substituting the following therefor,
viz:
Except so much of the message as relates to the tariff and
revenue from customs, which shall be referred to a select
committee of seven, with power to examine witnesses, and
to collect testimony here and elsewhere, and with instruc-
tions to report by bill or otherwise, on or before the 25th of
January next.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
submit a very few remarks, in addition to those I
submitted the other day. I do not desire to enter
into a discussion on the tariff, or the principles
ufon which the revenue should be collected, for
such a discussion at this time I should deem pre-
mature. Nevertheless, I do not like the chairman
of the Ways and Means [Mr. Houston] to dep-
recate debate at this early period of the session;
for it is far better and wiser that the House of
Representatives be employed in the discussion of
grave and great subjects, in which the whole coun-
try is interested, than adjourning from day to day
without the performance of any public business
whatsoever. If, then, there should be a discussion,
there will be no actual waste of time, but rather a
preparation of the minds of members for action on
a subject which cannot be weM avoided, now or
hereatter. I will repeat my objections to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means havingthe custody of
the whole subject of. the revenue: First, that it
is not a subject legitimately within their control;
and secondly, that if it were legitimately within
their control, it is not wise on the part of the
House to throw into the hands of that committee
more power over the legislation of the House than
it has had, or rt^ist have under our present system
of transacting business. And in the next place,
I will repeat what ( stated the other day, that it is
utterly impossible for the Committee on Ways and
Means, vith the deficiency, the Army and Navy,
the Post Office, the I ndian, and civil and diplomatic
approoriation bills, with all the complicated inter-
ests of this vast and growing country there in-
volved,—it is utterly impossible, 1 say, for the
Committee on Ways and Means, laboring assid-
uously, properly to prepare in the ninety days of
this session, those appropriation bills, if it had
nothing else to do. It is, therefore, no injustice
to the Way# and Means—no distrust of their
