32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10.
abilities, to propose to separate this from other
subjects; but it is to leave to that committee the
performance of its legitimate functions, and to
transfer to some other committee, which shall
o-ive it its exclusive attention, the subject of the
revenue and the tariff. If the matter be delayed
till the preparation of the deficiency and other ne-
cessary appropriation bills, jiwill then be too late
for action this session at all; or if not too late,
such action must be had without discussion, with-
out investigation into the proper facts, and with-
out a knowledge of the details on which members
will be called to vote; or if that knowledge be
possessed by ourselves, without information and
response from our constituents; I have accordingly
in my proposition instructed the select committee
to collect their facts forthwith, and to report to
the House on or before the 20lh day of January.
The proposition is a fair one at the start, and I
say that there were no good reasons advanced the
other day against its adoption. Why it was voted
down by the other side, it passes my comprehen-
sion to understand. Undoubtedly, gentlemen sus-
pected that, coming from me, no good would result
from it. I disclosed my hand. I told them what
I was seeking. I made a proposition which ought
to have met with their undivided and willing sup-
port; and when the details of it came up for action,
it would have been for them, as well as this side
of the House, to act in the manner they deemed
proper. Nevertheless, the proposition was re-
jected in the form in which.it was then presented,
and which form I have to-day somewhat varied,
without entering into any details of instruction
further than to order a report forthwith.
I say to gentlemen on all sides, that something
must be done. As a representative of the com-
mercial and trading interests of the country I do
not feel easy, nor do my constituents feel easy,
with $15,000,000 or $20,000,000 of surplus revenue
accumulating in the Treasury, and that accumu-
lation likely to goon. The sub-treasury is at best
a miser, hoarding up the treasures of the Govern-
ment, and can be no more trusted to hoard up and
keep idle the gold and silver of the Government
from trade and commerce, than amis^rof a county
or town can be trusted with the hoarding up of
the treasures of that county or town. When there
are $6,000,000 or £8,000,000 accumulating in the
sub-treasury at New York, with corresponding
sums in other portions of the country, and the
whole currency of the Union is affected more or
less, there is and must be, to some extent, panic
when $6,000,000 or $8,000,000 in the great mart of
commerce is withdrawn from the operations of
trade and commerce, and hoarded idly in the
Treasury. Therefore it is I have thrown my
proposition at this early hour before the House.
If Congress intends that this surplus shall go An
accumulating, I shall go for every just and hon-
- orable project for the disbursement of the public
money presented to us. 1 do not mean, so far as my
votesgo, to let $20,000,000 rest idly in theTreasury.
I shall go for voting it out in every possible way that
can be of general benefit and interest to the coun-
try. I would rather vote for the largest and wildest
system of internal improvements; I would rather
vote to double the Navy and Army, then allow
$20,000,000 to lay idly and hoarded up, withdrawn
from the trade and commerce of the country. In-
deed it would be wiser for us to be extravagant,
rather than be miserly. It would be wiser for us
to vote the most wasteful appropriations, than to
have trade and manufactures injured by the accu-
mulation of an immense surplus revenue in the
Treasury, to be rolled up into a yet larger sum in
December next, when Congress meets again. If
it is intended to keep the House within the usual
and proper limits of expenditure, to induce it to be
economical, 1 want to know before I vote for a
single appropriation bill, how much there is, and
how much there is likely to be for a year to come,
in the Treasury. I shall then vote with my eyes
open, and with an understanding; and I cannot thus
vote till then. The gentleman from Mississippi
fMr. Brown] said, the other day, pay the public
debt with the surplus revenue. The Government
has been discharging the public debt to the amount
of nearly $11,000,000, inclusive of the Mexican
indemnity and other debts which could be paid.
And if it had been known that the Federal
Government was in the market buying: up the
public debt, the United States stocks, which were
and have been available for purchase, would
! have gone up from 10 to 15 per cent. more. If
! a law be passed by the United States Congress,
' compelling the purchase of the public debt, the
holders of that debt will put up their stocks from
! 5 to 20 per cent. The United States sixes of
1848, redeemable in 1867, are now 121 and 122 in
the New York market asked, [see quotations from
New York Journal of Commerce, December 2,]
which, so soon as it is understood the Government
must purchase, will rise to 130, and over, perhaps.
It is, therefore, for us to decide at the start whether
we will or will not purchase these stocks; and we
should know before we begin on the appropriation
bills at all. If that is to be the mode of expendi-
ture, let us know it now. It is a wild investment
of capital, it seems to me, for the United States
Government to enter the stock market and pur-
chase its stocks at any price,—such an investment
as no prudent man would make; but if it is to be
done, let it be done at once, and let some commit-
, tee investigate and give the word. Thegentleman
from Mississippi remarked the other day that we
owed Mexico a large sum of money under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo for the incursions of
Indians upon Mexican territory. I am not aware
of that. I am not willing to recognize any such
debt. I do not, if he does, understand such to be
the stipulations of that treaty respecting the aggres-
sions of Indians from our frontier, or rather the
aggressions of these Indians upon themselves, as
well as upon us. I want the force of the obliga-
tion to be brought home to me by some logic not
yet brought home to the people. What, then, is
to be done with this surplus revenue? This is an
ever-recurring question, and must be met.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from New
York whether the resolution he submitted this
morning does not differ from the one which he in-
troduced a day or two ago, and for which I then
very cheerfully voted, in omitting any instructions
to the committee to reduce the taxes?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly; I changed the phrase-
ology of my resolution, because, voted down as
I then was by nineteen majority, I did not defcm it
decorous or proper on my part to present them
again to the same body, totidem verbis. I have
submitted this morning a resolution which I hope
and trust will meet with a majority of votes in this
House—nay, which I believe and feel sure would
win that majority, so just is it, if it did not come
from a Whig.
Mr. MILLSON. It differs from the first reso-
lution; that required a reduction, whilst this only
; directs the committee to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. BROOKS. I was obliged to make it dif-
1 ferent. Parliamentary courtesy would forbid me
offering the same proposition day after day; and
I have no idea of so doing. My object in the in-
troduction of the present resolution is the same
that I had in view the other day. I want to have
less revenue. I want less sums of money to'go
in the public Treasury. I want a change of tariff
in some form or the other. I say now, what I
said then, that this reduction of revenue must be
made by all sides of the House—by my Whig
friends as well as by my Democratic friends. It
will not do for us to wait and say that now the
tariff shall not be touched, whilst there are $20,-
000,000 of surplus revenue coming into theTreas-
ury, and daily increasing, and which, when it
reaches $40,000,000, will sweep away in the storm
the whole system of discrimination or protection
at once. I say to my Whig friends, then, the
proposition must be met now, at an early hour;
and it is wise that such a proposition should come
, from our side of the House—that we should ten-'
der it to the other side of the House; and if they
are not disposed to take it, upon them must be the
responsibility.
Mr. SWEETSER. I desire to ask my friend to
! point out to this House and the country what par-
j ticular reduction he desires to make in the tariff;
because it seems to me that the gentleman at this
early hour of the session has an object in view, or
undoubtedly he would not trouble the House. If
he is prepared to point out either generally or spe-
cially what reduction he desires in the tariff, let
him do so, and let that instruction, so far as the
influence of that member is concerned, go to the
committee, that the House may be prepared by a
definite report to act upon it.
Mr. BROOKS. I am sorry that the gentleman
; did not hear, nor read the remarks I made the
other day in the House, when, at some length, I
unfolded what my objects were. I remarked at
the time that I would submit my propositions in
detail to the reporters. I did submit them, and
they were laid before the House in detail in the
Congressional Globe.
There is, Mr. Chairman, a variety of proposi-
tions before the country—fivein all. I havenoted
them down here, and I think they are all the propo-
sitions which are before both sides of the House
and all parts of the country. The first proposi-
tion is the reduction of duties on raw materials
entering into the composition of manufactured
articles. It seems to me that to this proposition
there should be no objection. And I hope that
there will be no objection on any side of the House
to an enlargement of the list of free articles and
a reduction or abolition of duty upon many of the
articles which enter into the composition of manu-
factures; for, in the first place, my Whig friends
are aware that that will be a species of incidental,
legitimate protection, of which the other side of
the House cannot complain; and my Democratic
friends will be aware that whatever contemplates
a reduction of the revenue in any form, if it be to
reduce the price of the manufactured article con-
sumed, as they contend it does, is a proposition
which has already met with favor, and which in
its details cannot but be admitted into favor by
them again. If a yard of woolen cloth or muslin-
de-laine can be made cheaper by reducing the duty
on raw materials which compose those manufac-
tured articles, and thus be made cheaper to the con-
sumer, it is a proposition which must be as favor-
able to them as it is to us; and hence I see no reason
why that proposition should not prevail uno animo.
Another proposition before the country is, the re-
peal of the duty on railroad iron. I say, what I
said the other nay, I have no desire to express an
opinion on this proposition now. If within the
rules of order—and it will require some ingenious
man to get it within these rules—there be some
such proposition as this brought before the House,
it will be powerfully pressed out doors and in
doors;—out doors by contractors who are to de-
liver railroad iron at low prices, now when it bears
high prices, and in doors by the Representatives
of those States which have not yet begun their
railroad works, and which wish to -begin them at
the lowest rate of duties upon railroad iron. Upon
that subject, I avoided expressing any opinion,
because I did not wish to enter upon this discus-
sion, and because there is a great conflict of opin-
ion in regard to this matter throughout the coun-
try. There are those who are unfavorable to this
repeal who suppose and seem to think—and many
of them are upon the other side of the House—that
if they avoid this opportunity of action upon
the tariff, that it cannot be reached again under
our rules and orders throughout the whole session
in any manner and form whatever. It will require
an ingenious man, I admit, to bring it here within
the rules of order under our ordinary mode of
doing business; but if from the other branch of the
Government there come down and is presented
to us such a proposition, eo nomine, it must be met
directly, and in front, and it cannot be avoided at
all. Another proposition before the country, and
which has had support especially upon this side
of the House, is the better protection of certain
articles of home manufacture. There is on this
side of the House almost an unanimity of opinion
upon that subject. There is not upon the other
side of the House anything like an unanimity upon
the subject, when you approach to a direct vote,
because we have allies, and powerful allies, there
who act with us, whenever this subject is presented
in a proper form. In this House at the last ses-
sion, in Committee of the Whole, I remember
there was carried at one time some such proposition
as this; but by drumming up forces from the lobby,
the conclusion was reversed only by a very small
vote, two or three, if I remember aright.
On the other side of the House there is a de-
mand for less protection on certain manufactured
articles than that which now exists. That is a
proposition which has had support from the Demo-
cratic party of the country, and which is not alto-
gether without some support on this side of the
House.
There is yet another proposition,—I may state
it as the fifth,—and that is, to have more specific
duties than we now have, and less of the ad valorem.
1 forbear entering upon the discussion of this com-
