34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 10,
nection wilh the remarks 1 made the other day, I
have felt it necessary to say thus much. I do not
deprecate a discussion of this subject if gentlemen
choose to enter into it. I do not consider it a misfor-
tune to the country that its whole system of revenue
should be thoroughly canvassed here in this House.
It is certainly wiser, in the month of December,
for us to be discussing these subjects—elaborately
discussing them—than to be doing nothing but
adjourning, so that when we come to the 4th of
March next we should have to pass a measure, as
we passed the act of 1850, without one word of
discussion and under the high pressure of the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LOCKHART I offer the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
That so much of tile President's message as relates to the
tariff, be referred to a select committee of seven, which
committee be, and the same is hereby, instructed lo report
a bill on or before the fourth Monday in January next, to
graduate and reduce the tariff to a revenue standard.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I
approve of the practice which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] would seem to desire
to introduce here by his amendment. It is bor-
rowed from the British Parliament, where they /
never undertake to legislate upon any great subject
of policy affecting individual pursuits without first
instituting a commission of inquiry in respect to it.
And so far as^the tariff is concerned, I especially
would favor that practice, because the manufac-
turers are comparatively few in number, and can
always act in concert, and, by thus acting, can
always present their views in the most plausible
manner to the country; whereas the great body of
the community, including the agriculturists, are
left to individual industry to combat this com-
bined action. I would go for such a resolution as
the gentleman from New York has proposed with
great pleasure, if it was proposed at the proper
time, and when we had time; but the very reason
•which would prompt me to go for such a commit-
tee, when we had time, would cause me to oppose
it now. The combined powers would be ready
at a moment's warning; we would not. But, sir,
there is another practice of the British Parliament
that is equally as wise as that to which I have re-
ferred—one that is more becoming to us even than
to them, because here greater deference is sup-
posed to be paid to public sentiment—ajid that
practice is, for an outgoing Parliament and an out-
going Administration to propose no radical reform
in the policy of the country upon the eve of their
going out. When a Minister has been defeated
in Parliament, and an appeal to the country is de-
termined upon, they always regard it as becoming j
them to propose nothing but the usual appropri-
ation bills, and to attempt no radical change of
policy.
Well now, sir, thisHouse and this Administra-
tion stand somewhat in that attitude at this time.
The Whig party has gone upon an appeal before
the country, and they have been defeated. In a
little more than two months we will have a new
President installed. Already nearly half of this
House have been passed upon by the people.
Some of the members of this House who are now r
called upon to institute new legislation in respect
to the tariff that has prevailed during the greater
part of a Democratic Administration, and which
has even survived a Whig Administration, have
been changed. Some have gone out in conse-
quence of the reduction of the number of members
in some of the older States; others have gone out
because they have been dismissed from public ser-
vice by their constituents; still others have been
superseded by conventions;'and yet still others :
have voluntarily resigned. The next Congress
has been and will be elected under a new census,
under which there is a new distribution of political
power. In this precise eondition of things, itdoes 'i
seem tome that this House,during this very short ll
session, can have its time sufficiently occupied II
with the ordinary appropriation bills and other 'I
pressing measures which will not admit of delav.
without opening the interminable subiect of the
1 the necessity of preventing its still further accumu- U
| lation. Now, sir, I have not seen the estimates i:
ot the Treasury Department. 1 am told that they
have not been sent to the printer; if so, very likely
they are not printed. The reportofthe Secretary of
the Treasury has not yet been s'ent in to us. There-
fore, any estimate by me as to the precise condition
of our finances at present, or their prospective con-
dition, would be entirely premature. But we have
enough already, however, to satisfy the House
that no inconvenience will result from a delay in
reducing the revenue, if an outgoing party should
propose such a thing as they had not proposed
before. Now, in the first place, the gentleman
exaggerates the surplus on hand, if the Piesident
states it correctly. The President, in his annual
message, states it at about $14,500,(100.
Mr. BROOKS. That was in July last.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I did not anticipate
this debate; and I am speaking without documents
subject of the [
But, sir, the gentleman from New York TMr
Brooks] seemed to see the'force of these con- !
siderations, for he justifies this movement of his i
to induce an outgoing Congress during an outgo- I1
ing Administration to interfere with a measure of
such vital importance, by referring to the large and
inconvenient surplus now in the Treasury, |„d to
before me, therefore 1 speak in round numbers. I
hsve not seen the returns since that time, but my
impression is that the surplus has not been in-
creased since *hat time; but the documents will
show when we get them. But be that as it may,
under the existing law the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized to purchase a portion of our
stocks; and 1 know of no better use a debtor can
make of his surplus money than to pay his debts.
Tiie gentleman says, however, the stocks are at 120
in New York, and he thinks it not a desirable
arrangement to purchase our stocks at that rate.
Why, sir, a 6 per cent, stock, redeemable in 1868,
at 120, is only a little more than 5 percent, stocks
redeemable at the same time; and Government
5 per cents, with that time to run, would be above
par. Therefore, there is no loss in buying up
these 6 per cents at 120. To say nothing about
our surplus of revenue, which is idle, I do not
know that we would lose by negotiating fives to
redeem them; and besides that, we have a loan
payable in six months. 1 do not pretend to speak
with precise accuracy, because the estimates have
not been sent in, and I have not referred to those
of last year since they appeared; but on the 1st of
July next, upwards of six millions of our loan of
March, 1843, will be due. My impression is that
more than six millions and a quarter will be due
at that time, but I know there will be more than
six millions due by the 30th of June next.
A Member. That has been anticipated.
Mr. BAYLY. We are somewhat in the dark
upon this point, as we have not the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury nor the official estimates;
but I take it for granted that the loan I refer to has
not been redeemed, because the President, in his
message, states that about nine millions and a half
of the public debt had been redeemed in the lastfis-
cal year, including; the Mexican indemnity and the
interest upon the public debt—the two together
making upwards of seven millions. I think there
has been only a little more than two millions of
the public debt paid within the last fiscal year,
and that the loan due 1st July, 1853, of upwards
ot six millions, remains yet to be paid.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The President's
message says that some $7,000,000 of the public
foloaon«eun ffid in the last y^> that about
$2,000,000 had been paid since the commencement
of the present fiscal year.
Mr, BAYLY. That is very true; but he states
the amount redeemed at about nine and a half mil-
lions; but still to make that out he includes what
has been paid of the Mexican indemnity and the
interest on the public debt—the two amounting to
upwards of $7,000,000. But as to the stock of 3d
March, 184J, payable in July, 1853, mv impres-
sion is that no great amount has been redeemed.
1 his will remain to be seen when we set the doc-
uments, when this discussion will be better timed,
lhe Secretary of the Treasury has authority of
law, however, to redeem the stock of 1847, and I
..n 'IT "I" U iW0U'd be bad P°!iey t0 purchase it
up at its market value, when the Government
n^ch tn if 8-rplUS m lts,coffers- it IS worth as 1
much to it as it is to anybody else; and it is not '
discreditable to the Government, in my opinion,
for it, when it has a surplus on hand, to purchase
its own stock at its current market rate.
But the gentleman from New York says, if the '■
Government of the United States is known to be
will rfnH 88 Purchaser of its stocks, it
will run them up too high. Why, sir, does not
every stock-broker w the United States know that I
the Government is in the market purchasing its
own stocks at a premium, just as well as he or I
know it?—and yet the price has gone but a little
above the par value of a 5 per cent, stock! If
we werecompelled to purchase them, we might be
unduly put up by the brokers; but we are not.
Besides the loan of $6,250,000 due next July, there
is a debt of near $5,000,000 due in 1856. These
loans cannot be much above par, as they have so
short a time to run; and if the present law does
not authorize the purchase of these loans in ad-
vance, we can easily pass a law to authorize it,
and thus make the best disposition of our surplus
means, by paying with it our debts.
Under all these circumstances, considering that
our debt is to be paid, and considering that the
Government can expend this surplus revenue in
the purchase of its own stock, and thus leave it
free for investment in State and other stocks, I do
not think this outgoing Congress and the outgoing
Administration are under such an imperative duty
to undertake, at the short session, the work of
remodeling a tariff which, as I have already stated,
not only the product of a Democratic Administra-
tion, but has also survived untouched, a Whig
Administration.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks}
says, in reference to the predictions of a deficiency
of revenue, which were so confidently made by the
enemies of the tariff of 1846, that that tariff was
never executed in a bona fide manner. He says
that by an amendment to an appropriation bill in
1847, and by Walker's Treasury circulars, the
amount of revenue derived from that tariff was
nearly doubled. The predictions, therefore, that
that act would not produce a sufficient amount of
revenue to carry on the expenses of the Govern-
ment have never been fairly tested. Now, sir,
although the Supreme Court of the United States
decided that these Treasury circulars put a con-
struction upon the tariff of 1846 which, techni-
cally, it would not bear, yet we know that Mr.
Meredith, who was Mr. Walker's successor, put
the same construction upon that act which Mr.
Walker put upon it; and we know still further—
and nobody knows it better than the gentleman
from New \ ork himself, because he cooperated
with me in carrying the act of 1850" through this
House—that we based our support of the act of
1850, affirming Walker's circular and virtually
reversing the decision of the Supreme Court, upon
the ground that Walker's circulars did give the
construction which Congress intended when they
passed the tariff of 1846; and the act of 1850 was
urged and carried through this House by me, as
it was carried through the Senate by a colleague
of mine, [Mr. Hunter,] upon the same ground.
I speak with confidence with regard to this House,
because I presented the bill here myself, and with
the aid of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] carried it through; and it was carried
through the Senate upon the same ground, as I
am nearly quite as confident.
But the gentleman is strangely at fault in respect
to the predictions of the inadequacy of the tariff
of 1846 to bring a sufficient amount of revenue
into the Treasury to meet the expenditures of the
Government; for he must bear in mind that those
predictions were never made so confidently as by
Mr. Meredith in his report of 1849, after these
circulars had been put into execution, and when
the tariff act was being administered under the
construction put upon it by them. He predicted
that at the end of the fiscal year 1851 there would
be a deficiency of upwards of #16,000,000 in our
; revenue, and called upon us to authorize a loan.
i *Je':>or' wen' before the Committee on Ways
and Means, of which I, at that time, was chair-
r?aniJan was listened to with incredulity by
v?6 t,°?Se RePreeer>tati ves when I said that
! the whole of this calculation would be shown by
1 exPe"e"ce 10 be utterly fallacious, and that we
.would have a surplus in place of a deficiency.
] lhe error of all those calculations was founded
I upon an apprehension of a commercial revulsion
from excessive importations, and a consequent
falling off of imports and revenue. That was the
j fundamental error which lay at the bottom of all
i these calculations and estimates. Sufficient allow-
ance was not made for the fact, that under the
stimulus of comparative free trade, our exports
would augment as fast as our imports. And now,
sir, we have similar unfounded alarms and calcu-
lations. We are told that but for the production
