36
tlllS CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
Dec. 10,
vnncing. American profits are lowering. Amer-
ican economy is improving. Machinery, which
makes everything now—the hands of man^do but
little—is as skillful in the United States as in Eng-
land. There are very few things we cannot make
almost as cheap as they are made abroad. But
just in proportion as our capacity to manufacture
cheaply ad ranees, so must duties fall progressively.
The principle of low duties must be as progressive
aa American skill and American machinery, or
else your tariff will become prohibitory.
Now, sir, 1 lay it down as an undeniable prop-
osition—and I am willing, in the course of this
discussion, which I hope will go on, to be met
upon the proposition—that the tariff of 1846 is at
this time more prohibitory than the tariff of 1842
was at that time; and I maintain that if the tariff of
1842 were now the tariff of the country, your rev-
enue would be less than $35,000,000, and if the
tariff of 1828 were now the tariff of the United
States, your revenue would notexceed $25,000,000,
because with the advancing skill of American art-
ists, foreign competition could not pay the duties
imposed at that time, and come into competition
with us.
As to agricultural articles, look at the extent of
this country. We are the producers of almost
everything. What that is produced in any other
country is not produced, or capable of being pro-
duced, in the United States? Tell me what articles
of manufacture abroad, or what of the agricultural
products of foreign climes, are not also produced
in the United States, or likely soon to beCoffee,
tea, and some few tropical fruits, are not, I be-
lieve, found in the United States, but almost every
pther production is. The United States is a great
Zoll-verein, extending from the highest northern
to the lowest southern latitude. Should Cuba be-
come a portion of them, there will be almost noth-
ing produced throughout the world that will not
have its representative or analogue in the United
States. I am told that in the deserts of California
they actually find the gum acasia, a commodity
thought indigenous only in the sand seas of Af-
rica.
In our day, almost everything is manufactured I
by means of machinery. A railroad locomotive,
of five-horse power, inferior in quality and uncer-
tain in its operation, and requiring to be tinkered
every trip of fifty or one hundred miles, fifteen
years ago, to my knowledge, cost $10,000. You i
now get an engine of six times that power, three j
times the speed, and as reliable for its operation
as the rising of the sun and moon, for $6,000 or
$7,000. Who will pretend that permanent duties
are appropriate for t'.at article? If a strict estimate
be made, it will be found that railroad locomotives
have been cheapened ninety per cent., and that is
the reason why railroad stock, which was sold a
few years back for thirty per cent., is now one
hundred and twenty-five and one hundred and
thirty. I state this to illustrate the fact that Amer-
ican skill is progressing. It is hard on the heels l
of European skill, and so long as the difference be-
tween the two diminishes, which difference is the
only thing which makes revenue by impost possi- :
We, your duties must be reduced progressively. '
A permanent system is an absurdity, if revenue
be the object. Can any gentleman say what arti-
cles are not subject to the laws I hav$ laid down ?
Takebreadstufls: What reason have weto imagine
any description of breadstuff^ will long remain
cheaper elsewhere than jo the United States? This
great country has the greatest amount of waste
land and the most genial climates on the face of
the earth. Are we to become dependent on for-
eign countries for breadstuffs? Never! Are we
to become dependent on them for anything having |i
relation to live-stock, or for animal products ? j
It is only because th« people of the United
States can live on half labor, and the whole people ' i
can live by the labor of one half, and because you 1
fet your land for nothing, that we do not drive i
lurope out of every market. When the popula-
tion of the United States becomes a liflle more
compact we will want to sell everything; for, !
taking in the northern region of Maine, the north-
west division of our territory this and the other ■'
side of the Rocky Mountains, and Texas, with
the countries which can hardly fail to come under
the operation of our institutions before many
years, we will have (so to speak) an analogue to
every country in the universe. A nation limited
to a particular region, like thatof England, capable
of having only a few descriptions of minerals, and
producing only a limited number of vegetable com-
modities and raising a limited number of cattle,
: may be thus dependent, because there are a great
many things she needs not produced within her
boundaries; butto think of this great Zoll-Verein—
this great free-trade alliance of States, covering
every clime of the world, resting their revenue
system upon no broader a basis than their de-
ficient capacity for home production, is absurd.
Suppose the States of Europe, like the Stntes of
America, were united on the principle of a Zoll-
Verein,(and to complete the comparison you should
include the northern States of Africa,) with free
trade among them as there is by the Constitution
among these States, and without any other reliance
for revenue than on trade external to the whole of
them, what would be the consequence? Royalty
| and nobility, armies and navies, would starve on
any possible revenue under the case supposed.
That is not yet our condition, but we are coming
to it rapidly. Wood is cheaper in the United
States than in England, and why cannot we
make wooden fabrics cheaper? A laborer buys his
meal for fifty cents a bushel here, and there for
$1 50, and why cannot the laborer here, working
ten hours a day, live better than the laborer there
working fourteen hours a day ? The half of a dol-
lar is four times as much to a man in Ohio, Indiana,
or Illinois, as to a man in Manchester, because he
can.get four times as much to eat with it. If he
can live so much cheaper, and if the materials
for manufacture, mineral and vegetable, are also
. cheaper, why cannot he manufacture cheaper?
He can do it. He does not do it, because he can
live comfortably without hard labor; while in Eu-
rope the operative must uSe diligent and hard labor
or perish There is there a necessity to do it.
Were our operatives to undergo the same labor, a
man in Ohio would break down his competitor in
' England, because he obtains his raw material a
vast deal cheaper, and his bread and meal at less
than half price.
j But this is not to continue always. The popu-
i lation of the United States is becoming dense.
The northern and middle States will not always
have the alternative of high wages at home or
public land in the West. The alternative of flee-
ing to the West to cultivate the soil instead of work-
ing for wages below certain rates, disables manu-
facturing in the older States; but that disability
is continually being reduced. The new country is
settling up, land is increasing in value, and every
day your manufacturer acquires a new facility to
bring his labor to cheap wages. I do not desire
cheap wages. I am not speaking according to
any sentiment of mind, but according to the laws
of political economy. They will rule. Wages
will be regulated by supply and demand, and you
may as well try to repeal the laws of chemis-
try as to repeal that law. They are all the laws
of God. And I shall never hope by progressive
political science, to substitute abetter law for it.
rhe tariff of 1846 is this moment a more protect-
ive one than when it was passed, because there
are articles which the United States can now man-
ufacture and send abroad she could not then.
Why, sir, you have a card teeth-setting machine
that has cut off one half of the revenue of the
United States on that article. A machine can
work as cheap in the United States as in England.
It does not matter whether it be run among a
crowded or sparse population. A pin-making
machine will work as rapidly in a wilderness as
in a dense population. Take your machine for
making percussion caps, and your machine for
moulding bullets, (and I speak of these as curios-
ities familiar to every one,) will they make fewer
caps or fewer bullets in the United States because
we have a sparse population? They are con-
structed mathematically, to run so fast, and in that
proportion is their product.
This is an age of machines, not eating each
other up like the Kilkenny cats, but making each
other. Everything is made by them. There is
not a solitary day that we are not astonished by
some new development in the arts and sciences.
Go look at the list of patents in the Patent Office,
and you will find that some mechanical contri-
vance has every month in the year taken labor out
of. the hands of men. The whole cost of produc-
tion, I will venture to say, has diminished 30 per
cent, since the tariff of 1846. If «o, and the for-
eign cost has diminished only 10 per cent., then
your capacity for duties on foreign merchandise
j] fias diminished 20 per cent. It is the absent arti-
cle you tax in an impost system, and not what is
present.
When yon find a domestic substitute for the
foreign article equal to the consumption of the
country, your capacity for duty is gone. I already
foresee, looking to the lifetime of a nation, that
the time is near at hand, when an impost system
cannot furnish the United States with revenue.
The tariff of 1846 would not have furnished you
sufficient revenue but for the discovery of gold
mines in California; for the discovery of these
, mines, throwing a vast amount of specie in cir-
culation, or in trade, triplicating the paper cur-
rency of the country, has added to your foreign
I trade $50,000,000 or §60,000,000. The commer-
cial basis upon which your duties are estimated
is $50,000,000 greater than it would have been
had not the mines in California been discovered.
The discovery of these mines, by the by, and
their yield, has saved this country from a com-
mercial revulsion. We are now in the midst of
the period when that revulsion would have oc-
curred, but for the finding of. these mines. Your
commerce runs to about 4200,000,000. In 1846,
it was very little over $100,000,000. My opin-
ion is, that the commercial basis was less than
$100,000,000. These gold mines have added not
only to the means of purchasing, but they have
greatly enhanced our credit abroad. They have
given us credit, and for every dollar dug up in
California we can buy two dollars' worth abroad
—one for cash and the other upon credit. That
is the reason your revenue is so high at this time;
but it cannot last. The gentleman has referred td
the estimates of the tariff of 1846, showing how
we were then disappointed. Now, I happened
not to be disappointed. I had been for several
years on the Committee on Manufactures, and 1
felt it my duty to look into that matter. I did not
know but that the question of revenue would come
before that committee. I recollect perfectly well
! that my estimates, at the time most carefully
1 made, gave $28,000,000. I remember distinctly
three or four friends coming to me and asking me
whether we had not better put off the whole mat-
ter, saying there was danger that we would reduce
the revenue so much that the whole country would
become disgusted with the free-trade party. I
said to these gentlemen, "If this tariff does not
give us $28,000,000, take my head off at the
Block." I was not deceived in my estimates.
I am persuaded that the first proposition of the
fentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] would
ave been voted for by every sincere free-trade
man upon this side of the House, had it not been
sprung upon us unawares. They were afraid of
some trap set for them. They thought it extraor-
dinary that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] should be the author of such a proposi-
tion. It never once occurred to them that that
gentleman was capable of making a mistake. I
could see plainly that he had made a mistake in
submitting that proposition; that the parliamentary
rule would give us the committee, and that the >
whole thing would result in a thorough investiga-
tion of the question, and result in a discussion not
upon the abstract question of philosophical politi-
cal economy, but upon the existing crisis now be-
fore the country. It would have been a specific
inquiry as to the present revenue, the present com-
merce, the present surplus, laying aside all phil-
osophical abstractions.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If there be a com-
mercial revulsion in prospect, would it not beibet-
ter, since we have a surplus, to provide for our
debt, which will not embarrass us when the re-
vulsion comes?
Mr. WOODWARD. That was a part of the
argument which I overlooked. I have shown that
duties are progressively advancing towards the
prohibitory point. There are articles now im-
ported into the United States under a duty, which
under that same tariff will not be capable of im-
portation hereafter, and by reducing the duty you
will greatly increase revenue.
I do not believe in a horizontal tariff in any
sense, and I am not going to sustain a maxim be-
cause the Democratic party is the author of that
maxim. There is a great variety of articles that
will not bear more than 5 per cent. . If you put 20
per cent, upon them they are prohibited. There
are other commodities that will bear a duty of 20
