1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
production, and the circumstances of the high and
oppressive ra'e of duty, has, to a great extent, dis-
couraged the manufacture of flax in this country.
If the duty be diminished it would give a stimulus
to the manufacture of linen, and thus by increas-
ing the consumption of flax would induce the flax-
growers of this country to extend the cultivation
•nil improve the quality of their flax, and make its
production profitable.
The gentleman who preceded me [Mr. Cliyi-
lavd] adverted to the article of silk. It is true,
eta he states, and as every gentleman in this House
knows, that we pay millions every year to foreign
nations for silk. It is true that the manufacture
of silk has, in some instances, been successfully
begun. Ribbons, handkerchiefs, vestings, and
some other articles have been made with success,
but the raising of silk-worms is not a favorite
pursuit with the people of this country; and I am
informed that those who are engaged in the man-
ufacture of silk are compelled to import the raw
material- Now, it would obviously tend to in-
crease the manufacture of silk provided the man-
ufacturers could obtain the raw material free of
duty, at the same time it would tend, by the
quantity of silk manufactured in this country, to
diminish the foreign importation of the article,
and therefore would reduce the surplus revenues
of the country, which have become two large for
theiust expenses of Government.
There is still another point. While England
admits the articles which enter into her manufac-
tures Tree of duty, the drugs and dye-stuffs which
are of necessity used ill the manufacture of cloths
in this country, are taxed with a duty of from 5
to 20 per cent., and the amount paid by some es-
tablishments within my knowledge isastonishingly
large. The duties upon these materials, which
are not the production of this country, operate
to depress the successful prosecution of our man-
ufactures. Why then should they be continued?
By admitting these articles free of duty, the
amount of revenue would be decreased without
prejudice to any producing interests of this coun-
try,and the manufacturers having occasion to use
these raw materials, would be greatly benefited.
At the same time it would operate to benefit not
the manufacturer alone, but also the consumers, by
reducing the price of the manufactured articles.
I shall therefore vote for the proposition of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and if
it is thought that the present session does not af-
ford sufficient time to admit of any extensive alter-
ation of the tariff, I am content that any errors
which may be found in it shall be corrected, and
any partial amendments which may commend
themselves to the jndgment of this House, shall
be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, here obtained
the floor, but yielded to—
Mr. ORR, who moved that the committee rise;
which motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee [Mr. StcartI reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the annual message of
the President of the United States, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. ORR. I move that when this House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire to give notice that I
will on to-morrow, or on some early day there-
after, ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize the
President of the United States to confer the rank
of lieutenant general 
[Cries of " 1 object!" " I object!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman has
no right to give such a notice, and 1 object.
The SPEAKER, (Mr.stawtom, of Tennessee,
in the chair.) It is not in order to give this notice
if it is objected to.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DARBY gave notice that on to-morrow, or some
ssbsequent day, lie would ask leave tn introduce "A bill
to defile dispute* and difficulties in relation to certain land
title* in ttie State of Missouri."
Mr. HASOALL gave notice that on to-morrow, or some
subsequent day, he would ask leave to introduce •' A bill
(ranting a pension to the widow of General Pbineas Stan-
ton, deceased."
PETITIONS, &c*
The following petition*, memorials, &.C., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. AIKEN: The memorial of the Charleston, Soulh
Carolina, Chamber of Commerce, fhr metal buoys and a
bell buoy fur the harbor, in the place of those now used;
also, h light ship to be placed on the Rattlesnake Shoal,
and a third-class tower to be erected in front of the light-
house on Morris's Island.
Also, the petition of H. W. Kuhtmann, "praying that the
name or the ship " Prentice of Beverly" be changed to that
ot " Leonir," and for a register.
Also, the memorial of the Charleston, South Carolina,
Chamber of Commerce, asking further appropriation for
deepening the bar and improving the harbor of Charleston,
South Carolina.
By Mr. BKRNH13EL: The memorial of the Governor
and Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, asking
Congress for an appropriation to defray Uie expenses ol' re-
pelling incimioMs of Indians.
Also, the memorial of the Governor and Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah, asking Congress for an
appropriation of sixty thousand dollars lor the erection of a
territorial prison.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The memorial of Thomas Cow-
perthwait & Co., and others, and resolutions ol' the State
Legislature, prating for a distribution by Congress of the
Decisious of Rie Supreme Court of the L'uited States.
By Mr. CLEMENS: The petition ol' J nines Bennett,
with Uieaceompauying papers, claiming pay tor his services
as a soldier in the war ol' ltS12.
By Mr. ROBIE: For a mail route from Naples, Ontario
county, New York, by Riker Hollow, to Pratuburg, Steu-
ben county, New York.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of Mrs.
Louise Pintard Sereute, widow of Lieutenaul-Colonel Se-
rvure, deceased, asking for a pension.
By Mr. KING, of New York : The petitioa of Rebecca
Hyde, for a pension or other relief.
By Mr. MILLSON: The petition of B. & I. Baker, ask-
ing that American papers uiay be granted to brig Commerce,
a British vessel purchased and repaired by them.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 13, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Messrs. Underwood and Soule appeared and
took their seats.
pre8ident of the senate,
j Mr. ATCHISON. I have received the follow-
ing note from the President pro tern, of the Senate,
which the Secretary will be pleased to read:
To the Hon. r. A. Atchison, U. S. Senate:
Din Si* : Will you have the goodness to preside over
tbe Senate lor me to day ? Yours, respectfully,
W>. K. King, President pro fem.
WAsatneTos, D. C., December 13(A, 1853.
Mr. ATCHISON. If there be no objection, I
will comply with the request of the President pro
tern.
Unanimous consent being given, Mr. Atchison
took the chair.
president's message.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to give notice that to-
morrow I shall move to take up the President's
message, with a view to have it referred to appro-
priate committees.
\ deaths of members of congress.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
1 resentatives, by Mr. P. 6. Hayes, Chief Clerk,
communicating to the Senate intelligence of the
decease of the Hon. Orin Fowler and Hon. Bem-
! jamin ThompsO >, late members of the House from
the State of Massachusetts, and the proceedings
t of the House thereon.
{ Mr.DAVlS. Mr. President, I ask for the read-
| ing of the messages from the House.
| The proceedings of the House were accordingly
| read as follows:
Is House or Representatives, Dee. 8th, 1852.
Resol ed, That this Howe baa received with deep sensi-
bility tbe announcement ol" the death of the Hon. Orim
Fowui,a member of this House from the State ofMassa-
chuselts, which occurred on the 3d of September I ant.
Resolced, That tllis House tenders to the family of the
deceased the expression of its sympathy on this event, and
as a testimony of respect for hi  memory, the members and
officers of tins House will wear the usual badge of mourn-
ing for thirty days.
Res >lred, Tliat the Clerk of this House be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased, and also to the Senate.
Reeolced, That as a furth'-r testimony of respect for the
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
In Hocse or IUpbicbentjitives, Dec. 9lh, 1853.
Resolveil, That this House has received with deep sensi-.
bilny the announcement of ihe death of Hon. Benjamin
Thompson, a member of this House from the State of Mas-
sachusetts.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the iamily of the
deceased its sympathy on this afflictive event; and as a
testimony of respect for his memory, the members and offi-
cers of the House will wear the usual badge of mourning
for thirty davs.
Resolved,' That the Clerk of the House be directed to
communicate a copy of these proceedings to the family of
the deceased, and also to the Senate.
Resolved, That as a further testimonial of respect for the
deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I now ask for the reading of the
resolution adopted some two years ago upon this
subject by the Senatejand being desirous oflearn-
in§ what construction is given to it, I would in-
quire of the Chair whether, in its opinion, the res-
olution is designed to discontinue the usages which
have previously existed ?
The resolution of March 28th, 1850, -was read
as follows:
" Resolved, That in future when a member of Congress
dies, and has been buried in the vacation, the Senate will
not feel itself called upon to extend to the memory of the
deceased the honors and ceremonies which have been of
late years usually awarded, but will restrict itself hereafter
in the appropriation of those honors and ceremonies to cases
of the death of members during the session of Congress."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has requested the opinion
of the Chair in relation to the effect of that res-
olution, 1 will give it. My opinion is, that it sus-
pends the former usages of the Senate upon such
occasions.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me that we can do
nothing on this subject but lay on the table the
message of the House. We have refused to re-
peal the resolution of 1850, and therefore we can,
properly, take no action on the matter.
Mr. DAVIS. Such being the tenor of the
resolution, and such the opinion of the Chair, the
Senators of Massachusetts will forbear to offer
those testimonials of respect to the memory of
their lamented associates which have been usual
upon such occasions.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, only a short
month before tfle close of our last session, Massa-
chusetts was called to mourn one of her sons in
the other House, suddenly removed from sharing
our duties here. This bereavement was com-
memorated by formal proceedings at the time,
according to the usage of Congress. Since then
—during our brief recess—two more of the repre-
sentatives of Massachusetts have been successively
singled out by Death.
Insatiate Archer! would not one suffice !
Tby shaft flew thrice, and tlirice our peace was slain.
To dwell on their memory and to claim forthem
also the passing tribute of Congress would be a
grateful task. But I submit to the rule of the
Senate, which, in just regard to other concerns,
has restricted such testimony to the more touching
occasions, where our brethren have been snatched
from our side while engaged in the very business
of legislation.
The resolutions from the House of Representa-
tives were then laid upon the table without further
action.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to move to dispense
with so much of the rules of the Senate as provides
that the standing committees of this body shall be
chosen by ballot, so that we may agree to the com-
mittees that have been already agreed to, in part.
This motion requires unanimous consent, as it is
a motion Jo suspend a standing rule. I hope
unanimous consent will be given.
Mr. HALE. Does it require the unanimous
consent of the Senate in order to suspend the
rule ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Atchisoh
in thechair.) It does require unanimous consent.
Mr. BADGER. I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I shall inter-
pose any objection; I do not know that 1 shall say
anything to prevent the adoption of this motion;
but I understand that the Senator from Indiana,
who makes the motion, holds in his hand a list
of persons which he proposes to submit to the
Senate as the committees to be chosen by this
unanimous consent. It would afford me some
satisfaction, and possibly those whom I am bound
to represent here, if the honorable Senator would
state, simply for the information of the public
more than for the information of the Senate, the
mode and manner by which these committee*
have been selected, by which he intends to super-
sede the mode provided for by the rules. I make
