1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
Mr. Walker 2 votes.
Mr. Mason 1 "
Mr. Toucey   1 "
Mr. Butler  1 "
Mr. Brooke  fr "
There were three blank votes.
The PRESl DING OFFICER. There are only
thirty votes cast; there is, therefore, no quorum
voting.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that now, by com-
nn n consent, the Chair will be authorized to fill
the vacancies on these several committees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can only
be done by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
If there be no objection, that course will be pur-
sued.
There being no objection, that course was pur-
sued.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Physicians
and Surgeons, and of the Trustees of the Massa-
chusetts General Hospital, and a petition of the
Massachusetts Charitable Eye and Ear Infirmary,
and members of the Massachusetts Medical So-
ciety, praying that Dr. William F. G. Morton
may be liberally rewarded for the discovery of the
use of ether to produce insensibility to pain in sur-
gical operations; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Charles El let, jr., praying the payment of a bal-
ance due him for the survey of the delta of the
Mississippi; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance. *
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of A.
Hays, late a Surgeon in the Army, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Mississippi, praying that the office of
Chaplain in the public service may be abolished;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Theodore
S. Fay, praying to be allowed the difference be-
tween the salary of the Secretary of Legation and
that of a Charge d'Affaires for the time he acted
in the latter capacity; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petition of J. Hosford
Smith, Un ted States Consul at Beirout, Syria,
praying that the salary of that office may be in-
creased, and its rank raised to that of a Consulate
General; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of Wil-
liam Alexander, praying that a register may be
issued for the barque May, of Baltimore; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also,a memorial of the American Medical Asso-
ciation, adopted at its late meeting at Richmond,
Virginia, praying that the medical statistics fur-
nished by the census of 1850, be published in a
separate form for distribution among the medical ;
profession; which was ordered to lie on the table. !
Also, the petition of John Carlton, 2d, a sol-
dier in the last war with Great Britain, praying to
be allowed a pension from the 3d of September, i
1813, the day he was wounded, up to the time he ]
first received a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions. I
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Ann Da-
vis. widow of Samuel B. Davis, a revolutionary
soldier, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committetfcon Pensions.
Also, the petition of Thomas Foster and others, '
praying that the pensions allowed by the act of |
July 7, 1838, to a certain class of widows, and '
subsequently continued for life, may be allowed
for an interval of two years, omitted in continuing
the pensions; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of James j
Corrigan, a soldier in the late war with Mexico,
praying an increase of pension; which was referred j
to the Committee on Pensions. I
Mr. CLARKE presented the petition of John I
J. De Wolf, praying to be indemnified for losses
sustained in consequenceof having been suspended
in the performance of his duties as United States
Consul at Sidney, Nova Scotia; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of Thos.
Ap Catesby Jones, praying to be relieved from a
I judgment obtained against him as surety of W.
F. Jones, deceased, late postmaster at Norfolk,
Virginia; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BU l'LER presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South Car-
olina, praying certain alterations in the buoys, bea-
cons, and lights for facilitating the safe and easy
ingress and egress of shipping to the harboj of
Charleston; winch was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented a peti'ion of residents of
the township of Ontonagan, Michigan, praying
that James K. Paul may be allowed to purchase, at
the minimum price, a certain tract of land upon
which he has settled and made improvements;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
ANN DOWNING.
Mr. CLEMENS. I presented the other day,
before thestanding committees were appointed, the
petition of Ann Downing. 1 move that it be taken
from the table, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
[i It was so referred.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
[ On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
1 Ordered, Tliat the petition of Meigs D. Benjamin, pray-
1 ing the return of duties illegally exacted, on the tiles of tlie
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Amos liawe, for relieffrom
ail overpayment lor a tract of laud, on the tiles of the Sen-
ate, be relerred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
1 On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Order* rf, That the petition of Joseph Loranger, for re-
- numeration tor property destroyed by the enemy duiing the
late war with Great Britain, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend the act usually
called *' the civil and diplomatic appropriation
I bill," passed the 31st August, 1852, in the clause
j| making an appropriation for continuing the survey
|! of the Mexican boundary.
CONSUL AT ACAPULCO.
Mr. GW1N submitted the following resolution
1 for consideration; which was agreed to:
I Resolved, That the President of the United States be
: requested U) coimnuuicate to the Senate any documents in
addition to those transmitted to the Senate at the last res-
I sion, trom the Uuited [States Consul at Acapulco, and from
i our late and present Minifter to Mexico, in relation to the
I imprisonment of the Consul; and aKo any documents he
' may have in his possession from said CoiimiI in regard to
; the seizure and confiscation of the American steamship
Commodore Stockton; as also any documents in regard
■ to the imprisonment of American citizens in the Castle of
Acapulco.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was'received by Mr. P. B. Hates, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed " An act granting
to the Sackett's Harbor and Ellisburg Railroad
Company the right of way through the military
reservation at Sackett's Harbor, New York;"
also, that it had passed a joint resolution from the
Senate explanatory of an act supplementary to an
act approved the 23d day of May, 1850.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There were various sub-
jects pending before the several standing commit-
tees during the-last session of the Senate, which
were not then reported upon. If it meets the ap-
probation of the Senate, I will make a general
motion to refer those matters to the committees
respectively which had them in charge at the last
session. If a general motion is not satisfactory to
the Senate, there are particular cases which I shall
move to recommit.
Several Senators. Make a general motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I move that all
subjects which were pending before die standing
committees at the last session, and which have not
been reported upon, be recommitted to the com-
mittees respectively which had them in charge.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND FOR THE LANDLESS.
Mr. CHASE. I present joint resolutions of
the Legislature of Ohio, in favor of the enactment
of a law granting land to actual settlers, and pro-
hibiting the sale of lands to non-residents; which
1 ask may be read.
The resolutions were accordingly read.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, the bill which
has passed the House of Representatives, known
as the " homestead bill," is perhaps the nearest
approximation to the wish of the Legislature of
Ohio, which is attainable during the present ses-
sion. That bill has been reporied from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and now lies upon the
table of the Senate. I wish merely to Say, upon
presenting these resolutions, that I have submitted
none during my service here with more unfeigned
pleasure. I fully accord with their whole doctrine,
although I believe it is not contained in the plat-
form of any national political party, except that
whose convention met at Pittsburg. The resolu-
tions propose to arrest the disposition of the public
lands by sale. They propose, also, what is of
more importance at the present moment, the free
grant of the public lands to actual settlers in the
several States where the lands lie. A more benef-
icent, a more wise, a more just measure, in my
judgment, has never been commended to the con-
sideration of the American Congress. CJpon all
occasions I shall give it my hearty support; and I
rejoice that the Legislature of my own great State
has been the first to recommend it, by a strong
vote, to the National Legislature.
Mr. WALKER. ^Wisconsin is ahead of you.
Mr. CHASE. My friend from Wisconsin sug-
gests that his State is ahead of Ohio in this respect.
I am not sorry to hear it. I hope that land reform
is not one of those doctrines which have been
modified, in that State, by lapse of time and other
influences, under which, as the Senator told us
awhile since, the condition of public sentiment in
Wisconsin has been changed on other questions.
As the subject of these resolutions is already be-
fore us, I move that they be laid upon' the table,
and printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
REAPPOINTMENT OF SELECT COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER. At the last session of Con-
gress a select committee was appointed to which
were referred the charges "preferred by Colonel
McClellan against Mr. Bartlett, Commissioner to
run and mark the boundary line between the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Mexico. In con-
sequence of the fact that the papers in regard to
the subject were not transmitted to the Senate until
a very late day in the session, that committee was
unable then to organize or to proceed to the inves-
tigation of those charges. As there are several
witnesses in the city who belong to the Army, and
who are now under orders to leave the city, I hope
the Senate will agree to appoint a new committee
at once, or to reappoint the committee for the last
session for the purpose of proceeding with the in-
vestigation of this subject, and I make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves that the select committee
raised at the last session of Congress, in relation
to the Mexican boundary question, consisting of
Messrs. Weller, Clarke, Rusk, Cooper, and
Todcey, be continued, and that the subject be
again referred to them.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. There was another committee
in the same situation—the select committee on the
subjectof Mexican claims. I move that that com-
mittee be continued in charge of the matters sub-
mitted to their consideration at the last session.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee consists of Messrs. Sople, Brod-
head, Bayard, Pratt, and Clarke.
SUCCESSOR TO MR. CLAY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, which was submitted by Mr.
Gwin, on Monday, the 6th instant;
"Resolved, That the credentials of Archibald Dixon, Esq.,
be referred to a select committee of five, who shall consider
and report thereon."
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Mangum, to add to it the following:
" And that pending the action of said committee, the said
Archibald Dixon be now qualified, and permitted to take
his seat in the Senate."
Upon that question the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the consent of the Senate
to amend the resolution which I offered, so as to
have the credentials referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. It was tny intention originally to
have the subject referred to that committee, but
