44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
the standing committees had not At that time been >
nf>,The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, that alteration will be made.
Mr. MAXGUM. Mr. President, it will be per-
ceived that these very resolutions bring up the
principal and the main question. We are here
called upon to give a vote which determines the
question, and yet a reference is to be made to a
committee, and the examination is to go on in the
future. If it be the sense of the body that the
subject shall be referred, would it not be better to
let the resolution and amendment lie on the table,
and to refer the credentials merely? The whole
subject would then come up on the report of the
committee. Now, the preliminary vote settles the
whole question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the modifi-
cation now made by the Senator from California
affect the amendment proposed by the Senator
from North Carolina?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at all. It
is only a modification of the original resolution,
referring to the Committee on the Judiciary instead
of a select committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I had hoped that
the Senator from California might be permitted to
withdraw his proposition entirely, and that the
amendments might all go with it, and that he would
offer an original and distinct proposition, to which
I proposed to offer an amendment which would
bring us directly to vote on the question whether
Mr. Dixon is entitled to his seat or not. If the
Senator would take that course, I would then offer
an amendment which would brine up the question
first, whether Mr. Dixon is entitled to'a seat, and
secondly, whether the question should be referred
to a committee.
Mr. GW1N. I am perfectly willing to have
the matter brought to a direct vote, but I thought
this was the plan which the Senator from Tennes-
see preferred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The difficulty in
that is, that the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina is still pending before the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. To enable gentlemen to come
directly to the question, I will withdraw the amend- j
ment which I offered. ]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will then beg ;i
leave to offer the following, as an amendment to
the proposition of the Senator from California, to !
strike out all after the word " resolved," and in-
sert:
That the Hon. Archibald Dixon was duly elected by
the Legislature of the State of Kentucky, to fill the vacancy
in the°Spnate occasioned by the resignauon of the Hon.
Henry Clay, and is entitled to a seat therein.
Mr. MASON. The proposition of the Senator
from California, as I understand it, was only to
refer to the Judiciary Committee the credentials of
Mr. Dixon, the gentleman who presents himself
as a Senator from Kentucky. It is proposed now
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee to sub-
stitute for that a resolution declaring that, in the
judgment of the Senate, Mr. Dixon is the Senator
from Kentucky to fill the vacancy created by the
resignation of Mr. Clay. That will dispense with
a reference to any committee whatsover, and take
the judgment of the Senate directly. I had designed
to offer an amendment to the proposition of the
•Senator from California, in order to refer to the
Judiciary Committee the further inquiry, whether,
under the existing commission, there is not now a
Senator from Kentucky filling the only vacancy
which has been made. The amendment would
read thus:
And that tlie commission of the Hon. David Meriwether,
under which he was appointed a Senator from Kentucky,
be referred to the same committee, with instructions to in-
quire and report whether lie is a Senator under that com-
mission j and if so, when the same expires.
It seems to me, sir, that the Senate ought to de-
cide with great deliberation upon the question now
presented; that it would be immature to take the
judgment of the Senate without a previous refer-
ence to a committee. It certainly would be a very
unusual course, and the Senate might thus unfor-
tunately commit themselves to a precedent which
would prove injurious. The question that is pend-
ing is presented in a somewhat difficult and tan-
gled form. The Senator from Kentucky who
resigned prospectively contemplated that his resig-
nation would create a vacancy; the Legislature
that acted on that resignation contemplated that
the vacancy which they were to fill was a vacancy
created by that resignation; yet it is manifest that
an act of Providence disappointed the expectations
of both, and created the only vacancy which has
been created in the representation from Kentucky.
I think it would be better to have the matter re-
ferred to a committee, and if the Senate think it
better not to adopt the amendment of the Senator
from Tennessee, I will offer what I have read as
an amendment to the proposition of the Senator
from California, and then the whole matter may
be brought before the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I regret that I was not
here at the commencement of the session, so that
I could have witnessed and participated in the dis-
cussion which has been had on this, to me, very
interesting subject. My absence was a necessary
one, and now 1 present myself, perhaps, in the at-
titude of an intruder into a matter which has been
discussed until gentlemen have formed their opin-
ions upon the subject. But, sir, I owe it to the State
of which I am now the sole representative, to vin-
dicate her proceedings, believing conscientiously
as I do that they catL.be sustained by the Consti-
tution of the country, by the rules of reason, and
by the facts of the case. Sir, if you commit this
case at all, are we to have a Mallory and Yulee
case of it? Are we to wait until the end of this
session before we get a report? and during the three
months which are to come, are all the interests of
the State that I represent to devolve upon my
single shoulders, when I stand as much in need
of assistance as any other member of this body?
And am I to be deprived of the aid, the consola-
tion, and the advice to be derived from a colleague,
whether he be the gentleman who occupied a seat
on the other side of the Chamber during the last
session, [Mr. Meriwether,] or the gentleman, my
friend,immediatelybeforeme, [Mr. Dixon?] That
is a question of great importance to me, and to my
State. Gentlemen of the Senate ought not to de-
prive any State of this Union of one of her repre-
sentatives in this body, unless there is some im-
perative necessity for so doing. If this question
assumes the importance which gentlemen have
given to it, and it is to be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, I ask members of the Senate,
in consideration of all the other labors which that
committee have to perform, when may we expect
to have a. report, and when will that report be
finally acted upon; and what is the condition of
Kentucky as regards her position in the Senate of
the United States pending these delays? Sir, I
humbly protest against that state of things. I think
that Mr. Dixon makes out by the presentation of
his credentials a prima facie case; that you ought
to administer to him the oath of office; that you
ought to allow him to take his seat, and act with
me as the representative of the State of Kentucky;
and if there be any objections to his holding the
office lying beyond ana behind his commission,
you ought then to refer that question for investi-
gation to a committee, and if the committee, Upon
finding the fact to be according to the allegation
that he is not entitled to the seat, let them bring in
a report which shall deprive him of the seat. That
course was taken in the case of my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] and that is the ordinary
course in cases of this sort.
I shall now proceed to show that the commission
of Mr. Dixon, which has been read, as I see from
the report in the papers, makes a prima facie case,
upon which you ought to administer the oath of
office, and allow him to take his seat; and then if
he is not entitled to the seat, remove him, by in-
stituting those proceedings which it has been usual
to institute in other cases.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] will withdraw his amendment, to
enable me to do so, I will accept the amendment
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. MASON. I desire that my amendment
may be offered in connection with the proposition
of the Senator from California, and then the Sena-
tor from Tennessee can offer his amendment as a
substitute for the whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is a matter of indiffer-
ence to me, as to the manner in which the subject
, shall be presented, whether with or without the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia. I am
now proceeding to show, in the first instance, that
there ought to be no reference at all, until the
gentleman before me, [Mr. Dixon,] is qualified.
When I shall have shown, as I think I shall, in
the most clear and convincing manner, that there
1 should be no reference until the oath of office is
administered, I shall undertake to show that his
title is so clear and conclusive that no one need
ask for any reference at all, and that upon the
principles of the Constitution, the facts and
papers in the case, no reference ought to take
, place, and thereby to burden a committee with a
question which I shall undertake—I hope I may
say it without egotism—to demonstrate and make
as plain as any mathematical proposition can be
made, if it were a question of figures. In the first
place, 1 insist that Mr. Dixon ought to be qualified,
he having made out a prima facie case, withoutany
reference. This depends entirely upon the records
of the Senate. You must decide this first point
or question, by taking into consideration the cre-
dentials read in behalf of Mr. Meriwether at the
last session of Congress, and the credentials read
in behalf of Mr. Dixon at the present session.
You must, by bringing these two documents in
contrast, and considering the contents of both,
decide whether the piima facie case is made out in
behalf of Mr. Dixon, so that the oath of office
should be administered.
Take the first document. What does that say?
It says that Mr. Meriwether was appointed to
hold a seat in the Senate until the first Monday of
September last. If you test the question upon the
face of that document, it will be seen that he has
no right to hold beyond the first Monday in Sep-
tember. Such is the result, if we are governed by
the positive terms and words of the document.
But gentlemen say—for I have read the debate,
although I had not the pleasure of hearing it—in
order to escape the inevitable conclusion forced
upon them by the contents of the paper, that there
are extrinsic facts to be considered by a commit-
tee. They say, we will not try the case upon
the face of the paper, because there are extrinsic
facts which we want to get at, and by these ex-
trinsic facts we can show that the action of the
Governor was wrong in limiting the appointment
to the first Monday in September. Was it ever
heard of, sir, before this, that the Senate, previous
to administering the oath of office and admitting
the claimant, would depart from the paper, the
commission, which constitutes in all cases the
i prima facie right and title in the case, to go behind
j it and'bring up extrinsic facts, which might show
that the individual was not entitled to the seat?
I Why, sir, did you do that in the case of Mr.
Shields? What was the extrinsic fact which
deprived him of his right to a seat? Alienage;
not a constitutional residence in the country; not
havinga constitutional qualification to hold theseat.
These were the facts extrinsic to the commission;
they were facts which, when brought before the
Senate and established, would and did vacate
that commission. But did you wait in that case
to get at the facts? No, sir, you allowed the
qualification to take place under the commission;
you tried the case in its prima facie aspect, looking
at the face of the paper, and you withheld anything
further, until the facts were fully reported to you.
Why not do the same thing here ? Why refer
this to a committee to bring up the establishment
lof a fact extrinsicto the record, and that fact in ro-
tation to a commission which, according to its own
ace, has expired, which is now a dead letter,
because of the lapse of time which brought it to an
end. This is new ground for the Senate to take;
it is a position entirely new to me. You are not
trying the case, as you always should, upon its
prima facie aspect, tested by the language and
meaning of the commissions; but you are getting
at it by gentlemen rising in their places and say-
ing, not that the paper shows that Mr. Meri-
wether, who was qualified at the last session, has
any right, but that there are facts existing extrinsic
to that paper, which can be brought to the atten-
tion of the committee, which will show that the'
Governor of Kentucky did wrong in limiting Mr.
Meriwether's appointment. Now, I say that the
Senate ought not to listen to such allegations, but
on the contrary, they should take the paper as it
stands; and doing so, they will see it is now in-
operative; it is dead; that the time for which the
gentleman was appointed has passed by and gone
1 forever. In the next place, it will be seen that
Mr. Dixon presents, under the seal of my State,
under the signature of my Governor, a p PeJ"
showing that the Legislature of Kentucky elected
him to a station in this body as a Senator, to rep-
,, resent that State from the very day that the com-
