1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
mission given by the other paper, to which I have j
called your atlention, expired, for the residue of
the term for which Mr. Clay was elected. Take
the two papers, and you find they harmonize.
The one paper shows on its face that it is dead.
The other shows that Mr. Dixon comes herewith
a commission to succeed Mr. Meriwether from
the time that his commission expired. Here,
then, upon the documents, upon the papers
bearing the great seal of the State of Kentucky,
we have made out a prima facie case; and thus
tested by the papers, it is made to appear plain
that you ought to admit Mr. Dixon to a seat. If
afterwards it be found that there are irregularities
—if the returns are wrong—if they are made upon
facts which do not justify them—when those facts
are made to appear upon investigation, you get
clear of the prima facie case, and set it aside. I
hold that you are sacrificing the rights of my
friend, and of my State, by delaying his qualifi-
cation, by refusing to him the right of partici-
pating in the debates of this body, and by refusing
to give Kentucky but one vote here in all the in-
teresting questions that may come before you from
the present time until the end of the session.
Nay, you may not decide the question, if it is re-
ferred to a committee, during the session, and you
may make my friend come again at the next
session and present his paper; and you may
postpone his case from month to month, and from
year to year, during all which time Kentucky will
have but one representative on this floor. Will
the Senate do it ? I hope not. I think, then, that
the proper motion, and that which I shall make
after the discussion is at an end, (I want to allow
full discussion as long as gentlemen wish to dis-
cuss the matter,) will be to lay this resolution upon
he table, and to ask, according to the common
practice in such cases, that the oath of office sjjall
be administered to my colleague, and that he be
allowed to take his seat. And then, if anyone
objects to his constitutional qualifications—his
age, his residence, or any other personal matter,
as in the case of Mr. Shields, or makes any ob-
jection tothelegality of thereturns, or commission,
the legality of the election, or denies the existence
of a vacancy, let him make his objection, and
have the reference made, and then bring up the
facts in the ordinary manner. That would be
dealing out equal justice, as in the case of Mr.
Shields and that of Mr. Mallory and others,
which constitute precedents worthy to be followed
by the Senate.
I hope now to be indulged in presenting some-
thing a little more serious than anything I have
yet advanced. I am laboring under a hoarseness,
sir, but I will perform my task as well as I can.
Mr. President, I have looked into the arguments
upon this case with great anxiety. I mean, sir,
that I have read the debate, and I think I perceive
clearly the untenable nature of the grounds as-
sumed by those who seem to have rejected the
claim of Mr. Dixon and put forward the claim of
Mr. Meriwether. I think that I can present the
points of difference between the two cases in such
a light that " he who runs may read," and under-
stand exactly where the difference between the two
views is to be found. If I understand the argu-
ment of those who oppose the qualification of Mr.
Dixon, and who wish the reference to take place,
it is founded upon a view of this sort: that there
was no vacancy in the office of Senator from Ken-
tucky until Mr. Clay died; that then there became
a vacancy by virtue and by reason of that death,
for the whole residue of the term of Mr. Clay;
that that vacancy, thus occurring during the recess
of the Legislature of Kentucky, could only be filled
constitutionally by the Executive appointment; that
«he Executive having made the appointment of
Mr. Meriwether, his term of service, under the
Constitution, necessarily continues during the
wholeresidueof Mr. Clay's term, unless superseded
by a legislative election to take place after the Ex-
ecutive appointment was made. I have read all
these arguments with very great attention, and I
have given to you the positions which have been
taken, as I understand them, fully and fairly,
without intending to evade anything which has
been urged; and if 1 cannot now show you from
the Constitution, from reason, and from precedent,
that these positions are not tenable, I will give up
thecase. First, as to the Constitution; what does
it say? It provides that Senators shall be elected
for a term of six years. It provides they shall be 1
! divided into three classes, so that the term of one
, class shall expire in two years, that of the second
in four years, and that of the third in six years;
so that one third may be elected every two years.
It then goes on to say, that "if vacancies hap-
pen"—how? "By resignation, or otherwise,"
are the words of the Constitution. " If vacancies
happen, by resignation, or otherwise, during the
recess of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
ecutive thereof may make temporary appoint-
ments." It is "appointments," in the plural,
not in the singular. He may make temporary ap-
pointments to fill any vacancy that may occur
during the recess of the General Assembly. If
the vacancy does not occur during the recess of
the General Assembly, but while the General As-
sembly is in session, then by a clear and direct
inference from the Constitution, the Legislature,
and not the Executive, is to fill that vacancy.
These provisions supply the constitutional princi-
ples which are to regulate this matter; and we
should look at these provisions of the Constitution,
which I have recited substantially, if not literally,
apply them to the facts in the case, and allow them
to control, direct, and govern our judgment.
The first thing to be inquired into is, whether a
vacancy has occurred, and if so, when it hap-
pened. And here we come to a difference of views,
to which I wish to call the attention of Senators.
All admit that a vacancy has occurred. But when
did that vacancy occur ? When did it "happen,"
in the language of the Constitution ? Gentlemen
who differ with me, say it happened upon the
death of Mr. Clay, and not before. I say it hap-
pened upon the resignation of Mr. Clay. Which
of us is right? Look at the fact. If it happened
upon the resignation of Mr. Clay, the vacancy
occurred in December, when the Legislature was
in session. All these facts appear upon the papers,
the documentary evidence upon which we are
arguing, upon the commission of Mr. Dixon. If
the vacancy happened in December, when the
Legislature was in session, I have already shown
' you by the terms of the Constitution that the Gov-
ernor could not fill that vacancy. That by the ■
express language of the Constitution—for it is j
direct, and not inferential—it was to be filled ex-
clusively by the Legislature. But if the vacancy
occurred, and there was but one vacancy, after
i) the Legislature had adjourned, in the month of
'! June last, on the 29th day, when Mr. Clay died,
then I acknowledge that the Constitution is equally \
; clear and imperative that the vacancy may be filled
by Executive appointment, and that Mr. Meri-
wether was properly appointed to fill it.
Let us take another step, and inquire what is a
vacancy? That question has not been asked, nor
have I seen it answered in the argument. It is a
very important question to lead to a correct con-
clusion in this case.
What is a vacancy ? Give me the essence which
constitutes a vacancy; let me know—in the nature
of things, without regard to terms, or words, or
expressions—what it is that constitutes a vacancy.
I will undertake to tell you. It is leaving a por-
tion of the term of six years, during which por-
tion of time there is no officer, no person elected
or appointed by the constitutional authorities to
fill or exercise the functions of the office; that is a
vacancy. If there be no portion of time in the
whole term of six years destitute of an officer or
person qualified to discharge the duties of the
office, there is no vacancy. If, during the whole
six years, there is always an officer ready to per-
form the functions devolving upon him by the
office, ready to step forward and exercise his duty,
and that officer has been constitutionally appoint-
ed, either by the Legislature or the Executive,
there is no vacancy. A vacancy is a portion of
the six years'term when there is no person quali-
fied to discharge the functions of the office. Can
anybody gayisay that position? It seems to me
to be impossible to getaround the definition which
I give. I repeat, if there be an officer qualified to
discharge the duties and exercise the functions of,
the office, always ready, always appointed, always
under commission, there is no vacancy. If there *
be a portion of time when there is no such person
provided, either by the Executive or the Legisla-
ture, to perform the functions of the office, there
is a vacancy.
Under that definition of a vacancy, let me ask
you what was the condition of things when Mr.
Clay, by his letter of resignation, written in De-1
cember last—I do not care in what words that
letter is' couched—informed the Legislature that he
would not discharge the functions and duties of a
Senator from and after the first Monday of Sep-
tember ? What was the condition of things in re-
card to the residue of the full six years for which
he was elected ? The very condition of my defini-
tion presents itself. Here was a portion of the six
years during which there was no officer provided
in any shape or way, constitutional or otherwise,
who could step in and perform those functions
from the first Monday of September to the end of
the term. There was, then, a vacancy for that
time, unless you can get clear of it in one way;
and I will attempt to show you how the attempt
to get clear of it is made, and will show you its
fallacy. It is said that when Mr. Clay informed
the Legislature of Kentucky that he would not
discharge the duties of the office beyond the first
Monday of September, that was a prospective
declaration of his intention. They make it not an
obligatory act upon him—not" an executed deed,"
to borrow the language of the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] whose speech I read with
great pleasure, and who seems to me to have had
a clear conception, while he delivered it, of the
reasons, the nature of the facts, and the essence of
things as I am endeavoring to present them to the
consideration of the Senate. They attempt to get
clear of it by saying that there was no vacancy,
because this was a thing to take effect in futuro,
and being so, it did not make a vacancy from the
first of September to the end of the term, but left
it to occur, provided Mr. Clay lived till the first of
September.
There is the turning point upon this branch of
the argument. If the gentlemen are wrong in that
view, it ends the case. That they are wrong is
just as plain as that two and two make four, both
upon reason and upon precedent. First upon rea-
son: Senators here sometimes like to change their
position. We are shortly to have an incoming
Administration. There may be Senators within
the sound of my voice who would like to be Cab-
inet officers. In any such event it would be very
convenient for such a Senator to say in advance,
! " On the 4th of March next, I go out of office as
Senator, and I will notify the proper authorities
of my State of this intention to change my posi-
tion, so that they may have a man here by the
4th of March ready to go into a called Executive
session to act in behalf of the Slate." That is
one reason why this construction, for which I con-
tend, and which I will show you is fortified by
authority, is a reasonable construction of the Con-
stitution. The whole doctrine, the whole scope,
the whole intention of the Constitution shows that
its framers never intended to allow a legislative
interregnum; and the very fact that the Governors
of the States are permitted to make "temporary
appointments," in the language of the Constitu-
tion, shows that the framers of that instrument
regarded it as a matter of some importance that all
the States should be fully represented in this body.
In order, therefore, to prevent a legislativa inter-
regnum, they gave the States facilities in every
possible shape to be represented here.
Now, if any Senator desires to change his posi-
tion, and become a Cabinet officer, carrying out
this broad object of the Constifution, he may give
notice of it in advance to the Executive or the Le-
islature of his State, so as to give them time to
have a successor here on the 4th of March, pre-
pared to go into an Executive session. There is
reason in all that. We may want to make a
Lieutenant General of a Senator—we may want
to make foreign ambassadors of Senators—we may
want to make judges of them—we may want to
confer upon them all the offices which a citizen
can hold, unless such offices as toave been creatpd
or the emoluments thereof increased during their
senatorial term, which they are prohibited by the
Constitution from holding. In all these cases it
may be wisdom to allow the selection and to let a
Senator prospectively fix the day for his resigna-
tion, and notify the constituted authorities of his
State, that on that day he will resign—that he will
no longer hold the office of a Senator, and thus
allow those constituted authorities to have his
successor ready at the moment he goes out, so as
to give the State a full representation. The whole
system works well. It works admirably, under
this view of the Constitution. It is a reasonable
doctrine, and a reasonable system. The reverse
