46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
of it is unreasonable. The reverse is a fallacious
doctrine. It necessarily produces an interregnum
in the Senate. It necessarily leaves a portion of
ihe term which is against the whole scope of
the Constitution—when Slates are not fully rep-
resented in the Senate. The doctrine upon which
we have been acting from the foundation of the
Government up to the preset t time, is that there
should be no interregnum. It is the doctrine
which all the precedents sustain.
[ will not detain you by referring to the case
which my friend [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee] re-
ferred to the other day, to show that these pro-
spective resignations are obligatory upon the Sena-
tor who makes them, as well as upon all the
functionaries of the Government. That was de-
cided in the case of Jesse Bledsoe, from my own
State. It occurred some forty years ago. Here-
signed prospectively. He then wanted to know
of the Senate whether he could not resume the
functions of the office after the resignation. The
Senate determined that he could not—that, like an
executed deed, his resignation estopped him from
claiming the residue of the term; and that has been
the law of the Senate ever since.
Suppose Mr. Clay had lived after the first Mon-
day in September. That will test this question.
Suppose that, instead of Mr. Dixon presenting
h:mself, Mr. Clay had lived and come forward
and claimed the seat after the first Monday of Sep-
tember. Could he have held it? No, not if the
doctrine in the case of Bledsoe be the parliamentary
law which you intend to enforce. You would
have said to Mr. Clay, " You are estopped by
your deed; you have resigned your office; and
although you did it prospectively, in December
last, it is obligatory on you, and you cannot re-
sume your office " The case would be much
stronger if the proper constitutional authority of
his State had filled prospectively the place which
he had vacated. If it could be said that it was not
obligatory because it was p.-ospective, that could
not be said after the constituted authorities of the
State had accepted the resignation and acted upon
it.
Now, sir, Kentucky has accepted the resigna-
tion of Mr. Clay by her properly-constituted au-
thorities; and afier that acceptance she elected my 1
friend, Mr. Dixon, to fill the vacancy from the j
first Monday of September; and when he p'resents i
himself, he is met by the argument that the pro- \
spective resignation of Mr. Clay was not effectual
to create a vacancy, and that, there being no va-
cancy, his election was void. Mark you, if that
resignation made a vacancy, the vacancy happened
during the session of the Legislature, and no-
body but the Legislature, as I have shown you
from the Constitution, could fill it. The Legisla-
ture said there was a vacancy; the decision of the
Senate in the case of Jesse Bledsoe said there was
a vacancy; and the Legislature, acting upon that
decision, undertook to fill that vacancy by electing
prospectively my friend, Mr. Dixon. Had they
the right to do that? Gentlemen say that the Le-
gislature had no such right—that they could elect
only after there was an actual termination of the
incumbent's holding office by death, by resigna-
tion, or by removal.
There may be various ways of creating a va-
cancy. Death creates it eo instanti; there is a va-
cancy from the time of the last breath. That is
one way. There may be judgment of expulsion
upon impeachment and trial. As soon as the i
judgment is rendered, the official life of the officer
terminates, and there is a vacancy from that pe-
riod. There may be a vacancy by abandonment,
as where a man leaves the State which he was
elected to represent. The time of the abandon-
ment may be uncertain; but still an incumbent
may vacate the office by abandonment. The Con- 1
stitution provides the remedy for filling the office |
again, without regard to the manner or mode of |
creating the vacancy. The only thing necessary !
to be ascertained is, whether a vacancy exists—it
is immaterial from what cause. The Constitu-
tion, however, expressly recognizes the right of
the incumbent to resign; and it does not prohibit
a prospective resignation, or a resignation to take
effect at a future day. The Constitution does not :
prohibit resigning a portion of the term and retain-
ing a portion to a day fixed. In these respects
the incumbent may fix his own time. But what-
ever portion of his term he does resign he has no ,
power to recall. Mr. Clay having resigned pro- I
spectively all of his term to run after the first Mon-
day of September, it was a valid act, there being
nothing to prohibit it; and hence a vacancy was
created, anil happened on the day of the delivery
of his letter of resignation to the Legislature. Va-
cancies may be created in prc&enti or injuturo  I
may hand my resignation to you, sir, put on my
hat, and walk out of the Senate. That would be a
present, instant resignation. Or, according to the
authorities, and according to reason, I may say,
I will resign a month hence, and give notice, so
that my place may be filled. That is prospective;
but it is equally a vacancy, whether it is created
by my instantly walking out of the Chamber, or
whether I tell you that I intend to walk out a
month hence, and notify the Governor or General
Assembly of my State to provide for the event.
The whole fallacy of the argument on the other
side is, that they suppose there cannot be a vacan-
cy created prospectively. They suppose that
there cannot be a vacancy beyond a given day,
which the incumbent fixes when he will retire from
and surrender the functions of the office. Now it
is the fact of fixing such a day, and notifying all
concerned that he will surrender the office upon
its arrival, that renders vacant the residue of the
term; and such vacancy exists before the day ar-
rives, precisely as a vacancy may exist, and would
have existed, in the regular senatorial term com-
mencing on the 4th of March next, when my
period of service ends, had it not already been
filled by the election of my successor.
Now, if a Senator can make a vacancy by put-
ting a period to his own service, and saying, I will
reserve so much time to serve, and beyond that I
am out of office; it is as much a vacancy as if it
was created by an instant withdrawal from the
Senate. Surely, lawyers and Senators can per-
ceive this. Sir, it is like conveying away an estate
—to illustrate it—reserving a term—reserving, if
you please, a year, and conveying away the resi-
due. Suppose I held a lease of six years, the term
for which a Senator is elected—I could surrender
three years to the grantor, and retain three to my-
self. So a Senator elected for six years may sur-
render to the constituent and electing body, the
Legislature, any portion of the six years by resig-
nation. When such surrender is made, there is a
vacancy to that extent. When Mr. Clay said, I
resign from the first Monday of September—when
he said, I will not serve you after the firsi Monday
of September, it was like a conveyance of the res-
idue of the term. He parted with t forever; but
he retained to himself so much of the term as lasted
up to the first Monday of September. He kept
that; and he had a right to keep it; butthe residue
he could not keep, or reclaim, having transferred
and surrendered it to the Legislature. It there-
fore became vacant—it was a positive vacancy thus
created, which the Legislature had a right to fill.
If I am right in this, it did noi, as gentlemen sup-
pose, require the death of Mr. Clay to make a com-
plete and full vacancy which might be filled by
legislative appointment. The argument of the
other side is, that there was no efficient, valid va-
cancy that could be filled by anybody until after
his death. I say, not so. When he resigned, to
take effect on the first Monday in September, and
declared that he would not serve as Senator after
that time, that very fact made the vacancy, and
the Legislature had as much right to proceed and
make an appointment for the remainder of the
term, as they have to fill a new term.
But I have another and a stronger case to pre-
sent. I shall serve here only to the 4th of March
next. My successor has already been elected.
How, under the doctrine which I am combating,
did the Legislature elect another man, while I am
in my place performing the duties of a Senator?
How did they undertake to supersede me in that
way? I am here. My period of service has not
yet expired. My commission is still in full force.
How, then, did the Legislature undertake to put
another person in my place? Why, sir, this has
been the everyday practice from the foundation of
the Government. They did it upon the ground
that my term only continues six years, and be-
yond that there is the commencement of a new
term, which, for all the purposeffof practicaJ legis-
lative life, can he regarded as a vacancy, and that
term can be filled before its actual commencement
takes place. The areument with which we are
met is, you cannot fill this vacancy, created by
resignation, as I have proved, until the incumbent,
the locum tenens, filling the reserved portion of the
term, is out of the way; and he did not get out of
the way until he died. If that be so, here is a
locum fenetts in my own person, holding until the
4th of March next. I am not out of the
way;
how, then, could the Legislature of my State pro-
vide any one to come here—as has been done in
my case, and as has been done in fifty cases since
the foundation of the Government—and take my
place' There are very few instances, since the
foundation of the Government, where the election
of Senators has not taken place exactly in this
way to fill vacancies supposed to exist in senatorial
terms before they commenced running.
My argument is, that when Mr. Clay said to
the Legislature of the State of Kentucky, " I will
serve as a Senator until the first Monday in Sep-
tember and no longer, I resign from that time,"
there was a vacancy created from that day, which
Mr. Clay himself could not fill, as I have proved
from the case of Bledsoe, which nobody had been
prepared in any way to fill; and that that took
place by virtue of the resignation sent forwaid in
December. The Legislature undertook to fill that
vacancy by the election of Mr. Dixon. Why do
you not allow him to be qualified? If you do not
do it, you violate all the analogies of the Consti-
tution which I have shown you in the cases to
which 1 have alluded.
But I will bring forward a precedent for all this.
I will show you what the Senate did in the case
of Mr. Sevier. Mr. Sevier was elected one of the
first Senators from Arkansas, after the admission
of that State into the Union. He was elected in
1836. He came here, and according to the rule
of the Constitution, and according to practice,
he and his colleague had to draw lots to know
what class of Senators they should be assigned to.
In that lottery, Mr. Sevier drew the shnrtest term,
which expired on the 4th of March, 1837; so that
having been elected in 1836, he occupied his seat
but about a year. After he drew the short term,
and before the period arrived at which lie would
have to retire, the Governor of his State, contem-
plating the vacancy which would happen after the
3d of March 1837, appointed Mr. Sevier to fill
that vacancy—that was a regular term, not a va-
cancy created in a portion of a term. The Gov-
ernor appointed him to fill the vacancy of a full
j term. Here is the commission:
Executive Office, Little Rock, Arkansas. •
! State of Arkansas,
Whereas a vacancy will occur in the Senate of the Uni-
ted State*, on the third day of March ne*t, bv the expiration
of the term for which tf.e honorable .Ambrose II. Sevier
wa« elected a Senator from the State of Arkan«a<; and it
being understood that the Senate of the United State* is to
be convened on or immediately after the 4th of March, and
it being desirable that the State should be fully represented :
Therefore, J, James S. Conway,Governor of said State,and
during the recess of the General A««einblv, have thought
fit to appoint Ambrose H. Sevier to fill said vacancy.
Given under my hand and the seal of said State, at Little
[l. s.] Rock, this 17th day of January, A. 0. 1837.
J. S. CONWAY.
By the Governor:
R. A. W ATKINS, Secretary of State.
Now, mark you, Mr. President, the term for
which he was originally appointed did not expire
until March 3,1837. The Governor undertakes,
in January, to appoint him for the next term, be-
fore the expiration of his first term. It was the
regular expiration of a term by its own lapse; and
the Governor, under the circumstances mentioned,
appointed him to fill the vacancy thereafter to oc-
cur. These facts came here and were sanctioned
by the Senate, alter the report cf a committee,
which I shall read to show what the Senate said,
under these facts, was the whole case. Here is
the report made by Mr. Grundy:
" At the la«t session ot" Congrps«, the State of Arkansas
was admitted into the Union; and the Legislature of that
State, in the month of October, 1836, elected Ambrose H.*
Sevier and William S. Fulton. Senators to represent the
State in the Senate of the United ."Hates. Jt aNo appears
that, upon the allotment of the said Arkansas Senators to
their respective clashes, as required by the third section of
the first article of the Constitution, the said Ambrose H.
Sevier, wa-* placed in the class of Seriators whose term of
service expired on the 3d day of March, 1837. and that the
Legislature of Arkansas have had no opportunity of filling
Ihe vacancy, not having been in se >i« n since the fact that
the vacancy would occur could have been known in that
State. The Governorof the State of Arkan«a«. on the 17th
day of January last,commissioned the -aid Sevier, as Sen-
ator. to fill ihe vacancy whi<*h would take place on the 3d
of March. Upon this state of the ca«e, the f|u**Btfon pre-
sented whether the said Ambrose H. Sevier is entitled to his
seal under the appointment made by the Executive of the
State of Arkansas, fu looking into the practice of the
Senate upon the subject of executive appointments, no
