50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 13,
this surplus ?—how shall we act r Because these
things will loom up m the future, the argument is,
that you must not touch the tariff—you must not
reduce it—you must keep a surplus in the Tieas-
ury, on hand to meet exigencies. What shall be
done with it ? W ill you distribute the public lands ?
That measure meets with opposition in this House.
How will you diminish your revenue :' The im-
portations will increase every year, so long as our
population continues to increase. We are at peace
with all the countries in the world, and they are
at peace with each other. Will you distribute the ,
land? If you do not distribute the lands, and by |
that means reduce your income, will you distribute >
this surplus fund? That was done once, but it
met with the opposition of the Democratic, party.
What will we do with it now ? The question is
upon us, and we must act.
It has been said, that this Administration, which
is about to terminate, has been a wasteful and ex-
travagant Administration. 1 have heard that time
and again. Well, suppose it has been wasteful
and extravagant, has a dollar of public money
been appropriated by this Administration which
has not been voted for by this and the other House
of Congress r In other words, has one dollar been
t^ken without the authority of law? If it has been
lavish and extravagant, that extravagant and
lavish expenditure has been authorized and di-
rected by Congress. Upon this body rests the
responsibility, and not upon the Administration. I
am for doing justice to all men. We are respon-
sible for this extravagance; and if we have been
extravagant, it is time for us to commence curtail-
ing our extravagance. Here is the place. It may
be commenced in this body; and for the purpose of
securing thpt object, it is necessary that a discus-
sion should be had, and that the public mind of
the country should be called to the question. If
we shall take off the duty on railroad iron and
make it free, then there will be no necessity.no
pressing necessity, to make two or three millions
of appropriations every year for the purpose of
building snag-boats to remove obstructions in
rivers, &c. I understand that the Democratic
party have been opposed always to a general sys-
tem of internal improvements. How shall you
put it down ? By reducing the tariff and raising
no more than is necessary for an economical ad-
ministration of the Government. I did not at this ,
time expect to enter into any details in reference ,
to the tariff. I desired merely to state my own i
position and a few principles which would regulate j
my own vote on the pending question. I have j
stated all I desired to say upon this subject, and I
will therefore yield the floor. ]
Mr. MOLONY. I voted for the first resolution
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
which contemplated a reference of so much of the
President's message relating to revenues to a se-
ect committee, with instructions to said commit-
tee to report a bill for the reduction of revenues by
a reduction of duties.
I was not a little surprised to see so many of
the Free-trade Democrats of this House opposing
such a resolution. I suppose the source from
which it emanated made them look with suspicion
upon it; and I will confess my surprise to find the
Administration's organ of this House submitting
a resolution close upon the reading: the President's
message so directly in conflict with the recommend-
ations of that message touching the subject of
revenue. Still I looked to the resolution, approved
of it, voted for, believing it to be right, and I shall
hope to have the aid of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] in sustaining the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Lockhart,]
which is substantially the same as his own. It
is admitted by all that we have a surplus revenue
beyond the wants of an economical administration
of this Government of at least $14,000,000. It is
equally true that there are no well-founded antici-
pations in regard to that revenue that will not
warrant us in expecting a continuation of that
surplus; yea, its very great increase under our
existing^ revenue laws. Every Democrat upon
this floor must, I think, if he is consistent with
the principles of his party, recognize the neces-
sity of action upon this subject. Among such
the only question that seems to arise, or that can
arise, is, when shall we act? Since a great sur-
plus already exists, and is sure to increase at a ,
progressive rate under existing laws, and since J
this vast revenue is collected by oppressive tax-1!
ation upon the people, I am for action note, and no
delay, that a future surplus may be prevented,
and that it may be left in the pockets of the peo-
ple, who have a much greater need of it, and who
can make a much better use of it than the Amer-
ican Congress.
1 am also for reducing this revenue, by a reduc-
tion af taxes or duties; and here I am in direct con-
flict with the protective policy—specific duties and
minimum valuations recommended in the last an-
nual message. I have no doubt that a reduction
of revenues can be accomplished by an increase of
taxes or duties as recommended by the President;
but it is equally clear that the same object can be
effected by a diminution of taxes upon the people;
or which is the same thing, a reduction of duties,
as vv^s contemplated by the first resolution of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] which
was substantially the same as that of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Lockhart,] and to which
I give my most cordial approbation. There are
some positions taken by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Jones] who last addressed the com-
mittee, which appear to me not orthodox among
Democrats; and then there are others of which I
cordially approve. If I mistook that gentleman
not, he stated that, in levying duties, he would
have reference to the maximum standard of rev-
enue, that is, that the duties should be laid ad va-
lorem, but in such a way as to collect the greatest
amount of revenue.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, (interrupting.)
The gentleman evidently misapprehends me. I
stated distinctly, as my first proposition, that I was
in favor of reducing the revenue of the Govern-
ment to the lowest possible standard compatible
with an economical administration of the Govern-
ment; and that, as an evidence of that fact, I would
vote now for a reduction of six millions at once.
In reference to my other proposition, the gentle-
man is in error in this particular: I said that, in
adjusting the duties, I would have the revenue
standard in view, imposing burdens in such a way
as to bear most equally upon the masses of the
people, and that it should be distinctly in view—
and in that I concur with the gentleman—of the
lowest amount of revenue compatible with the ad-
ministration of an economical Government.
Mr. MOLONY. If I have misunderstood
the gentleman, I am pleased to be corrected; but ;
certainly the gentleman went into a lengthy show- !
ing of reasons why the existing laws should not j
be altered. Although, according to his own ad-
mission, the expenses of the Government should |
be reduced §6,000,000, which would give us, with |
our present revenue, $20,000,000 surplus in our
Treasury; and his method of disposing of said sur-
plus was, to enter the markets, and purchase the
bonds and securities of the Government at their
present high premiums.
Mr. JONES, (interrupting.) I regret that the
gehtleman still misunderstands me. I was only
opposed to a reduction of the tariff now, to dispose
of the surplus revenue of this time. In one year
from now, if I find a surplus in hand, and the
state of the country at home and abroad is such 1
as to admit of it, I will join the gentleman most
cordially in disposing of that surplus.
^ Mr. MOLONY. Well, sir, I am glad to be
corrected if I was wrong upon that point also; one
difference, then, between the gentleman and my- j
self is this, he will be ready one year hence to j
reduce the revenue down to the standard required \
by the administration of an economical Govern-
ment, while I am ready now, at this moment, to
commence the work. i
But, sir, while I am disposed to vote the modi-
fications indicated in the existing revenue laws, I
am most uncompromisingly opposed to any change
in the principles of that law. As before stated, I
am unalterably against the protective policy, speci- i
fie duties, and minimum valuations, recommended
by the President in his last annual message; and
for this reason, that while they would reduce the
revenues and thus dispose of the surplus, they
propose to increase the duties, and of course in-
crease the burdens of the people.
The principles upon which the tariff of '46
were constructed, are. sound in theory, and have
proved eminently successful in practice; and, sir, at
this time, while the attention of the Ho se and
country is directed to the necessity of a modifica-
tion of this law, it will be interesting, and not un-
profitable, to turn back to the period of its enact- ,
I ment, and pass along through to six years of its
existnece, and e what may have been its effects
upon the great interests of the nation. We all
remember the frightful (almost) predictions of the
Whigs, at the time the tariff of '46 was made to
supersede their favorite protective tariff of '42.
Their forebodings of evil were undoubtedly honest,
for I really believe that they thought the whole
country was about being ruined. I believe so
because they said so, (they are honorable men,
, and would not say what they did not believe;)
, but from their Secretary of the Treasury, and the
great Cotton Lord of New England, down to the
most insignificant country sheet, the predictions
of commercial ruin and national bankruptcy, was
sounded through the land. Your Treasury, sir,
was "to be empty. The country drained of its
specie, to liquidate the balances of trade against
you, caused by ruinous importations. The prices
of wages and property were to be ruinously de-
pressed. Manufactories were to be closed. Fi-
nancial embarrassment and distress was to per-
vade the whole country. In a word, nothing short
of wide-spread ruin was to overtake our every
interest. All of these predictions were made, and
that by men high in the respect and confidence,
then and now, of the whole country, for their in-
telligence and patriotism.
But, sir, a deep and earnest conviction had taken
hold of the popular mind, that the protective char-
acter of the tariff of 1842 was unsound, unjust in
theory, and that in its operation was highly
oppressive to the people, discriminating severely
against them, and in favor of the wealth of the
country. This the Democratic party believed,
and believing it, they came to the rescue of the
country in the campaign of 1844, by inscribing
upon their banner, which wa\fcfl triumphantly a.t
the close of that contest, Repeal of the Tariff of 1842,
and the substitution in the legislative policy of the
country, of the revenue principles and ad valorem
duties, in the place of the protective policy, and
specific duties, and minimum valuations. AVe
have had six years of experience with the work-
ings of this revenue tariff, and what are its results?
Has our Treasury been empty at any time during
its existence? And is it now? On the contrary,
is there not now in it a surplus of $14,000,000,
after defraying all the ordinary expenses of the
Government, besides defraying a great portion of
the extraordinary expenses of a foreign war? Has
the credit of our Government, during all the de-
mands upon it, created by the existence of that
war, suffered one moment in the markets of the
world ? On the contrary, is it not a proud fact,
' that during the whole of the war, when the de-
! mands upon our Treasury were not less than
| $60,000,000 a year, that the bonds of our Govern-
I ment were bought at a premium ? The two last
years the tariff of 1846 has yielded a revenue of
about $50,000,000, while the last year of the tariff
of 1842 yielded but $26,000,000, or about that.
The average yield of revenue, under the Whig
, tariff of 1842, from 1842 to 1846, was $23,000,000,
while the average of revenue for six years, from
1846 to 1852, from the revenue tariff of 1846, has
been about $40,000,000., and that $40,000,000 has
been raised by a rate of duty or tax upon the
people, of about half the burden that was imposed
| by the Whig protective tariff of 1842, which only
j yielded a revenue a trifle more than half of that
j raised by the tariff of low duties. Has your coun-
I try been drained of its specie? On the contrary,
did it not flow into the country, at a most unpar-
| alleled rate of increase, in consequence of the re-
| vival of our foreign commerce immediately upon
I the enactment of the tariff of 1846, and continue
J so to do until the discovery of the California mines,
since which gold has been rapidly accumulating in
our banks, and in the hands of capitalists, and the
| channels of trade, supplying the home demand, and
affording a large surplus for exportation ? If I
| mistake not, the first year of the tariff of 1846,
j about $23,000,000 flowed into the country from
j abroad, an amount, if my memory serves me right,
; nearly double the whole amount gained during the
four years of the tariff of 1842. So much for
! draining the country of its specfe!
i Look at the effect of the revenue tariff upon the
foreign commerce of the country at the expiration
of the tariff of 1842. Our exports and imports were
about $200,000,000; now, in 1852, after the rev-
enue tariff has been in operation only six years,
that commerce has swelled to the vast amount of
