1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
51
$430,000,000. Our foreign tonnage which, at the
commencement of the present tiriff, was 9,500,000
tons, how is 4,000,00f); nearly, if not quite equal
to that of England, whose boast has ever been that
she rode the undisputed mistress of the wave—
a proud distinction which she is soon doomed to ]
yield to a much younger, but more energetic and
progressive people. One of the results of the
tariff of 1646 is especially interesting to the con-
stituency which 1 have the honor to represent,
and th*t is, one item of our great expectations has
been, for the last six years, about $20,000,000
annually, on the average (that of breadstuff's and
provisions) over and above what was exported
from the farms of the American farmer under the
protective, and to a graat extent prohibitory tariff
of 184:2; and of the results to the American farmer
of this increased market abroad for the produce
of his farm, one has been, and is that he has been
producing more, selling more at far better prices
than under the tariff of 1842; and it may, in truth,
be said, what at! agriculturists will assent to, that
the present is to them a season of great and uni-
versal prosperity.
But some contend that while you stimulate and
foster foreign commerce, create markets abroad
by low duties, you cripple internal commerce, de-
stroy the home market, by ruining the manufactures
of the country. Has such been the effect of the
tariff of 1346? Look at the growth of your man-
ufacturiftg villages, at the prosperity of the towns
and villages that have sprung up, and are now
nourishing along all the channels of your internal
commerce. Look at the multiplications of those
channels during the last six or eight years. About
the time that the tariff of 1842 was going out of
operation, the Erie canal was the only channel
connecting the trade of the great lakes with New
York city; (1 think that the Buffalo.and Albany
Railroad v^as not then complete;) but such has
been the vast increase of that internal trade for the
last six years between New York, Boston, and the
manufacturing towns and cities of New York and
New England, and the great agricultural West,
tlMt Boston has built her Ogdensburg and Boston
road, the Albany and Boston, New York, the
New York and Erie, and the New York and Al-
bany roads. Nor is this all: Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Charleston, are vying with New York
and Boston in the construction of railroads over
the Alieghanies for the purpose of accommodating
the wants of the great valley of the Mississippi,
and sharing in the profits of her already vast but
rapidly increasing trade. At the expiration of
1842 there were in the United States about five
thousand miles of railroad; now there are not less
than twelve thousand miles; and during the next
four years, if no revulsion overtakes the currency
and business of thi country, (for which 1 see no
well-grounded apprehension within that time,)
there will be more miles of railroads mad&than in
the previous four yea re; and as an evidence of the
-necessity of these works to meet the wants of our
great and rapidly growing commerce, thedividends
which they Ire declaring u conclusive. They are
regarded by capitalists as among the best paying
and safest investments of the day. Hence, Mr.
Chairman, we see, in reviewing the operation of
the tariff of 1846 upon the foreign internal com-
-merce of the country, no an tag nism between
those interests; on the contrary, v hile one has
signally prospered, the other has equally-so; and
from the review,that has been taken of our condi-
tion and progress at home and abroad for the last
six years, it is clear to every one who may review
the facts, that all of the predictions of the oppo-
nents of low duties have most signally failed, and
that the most flattering anticipations of their
friends have been more than realized.
There is nothing, then, sir, in our experience to
commend to the favor of the American people, and
to the adoption by the American Congress, of the
protective policy recommended by the President
in his last annual message, with his specific duties
and minimum valuations in place of the ad valorems
in the present Democratic tariff. The views of
the President, as applied to the reduction of the
present surplus revenues, would result in-un in-
crease of taxes Hpon the people, whose burdens
are already too great; for how can the increased
protection that he calls for for the American man-
ufacturer be attained, unless by an increase of du-
ties, or ub increase of taxes upon, the people ?
I therefore, in the name of the constituency
which I immediately represent, protest now against
that change in our revenue laws as now existing,
which shall involve a departure from the revenue
standard or principle of the tariff of '46, and a
return to the protective policy of the tariff of '42,
as recommended in the last annual message. The
agriculturists of the West have a vast interest in
the preservation of the foreign markets that they
now have, and in the further extension of their
markets by a liberal commercial policy on our
part, until to our breadstuff's and provisions the
markets of all the world shall be thrown wide
open. The principle or principles upon which the
tariff of '46 was formed to as right, and should be
permanent as long as it shall be the policy of this
Government to collect its revenues by imposts.
Those great principles are, no more revenue than
may be required to sustain an economical Govern-
ment, and those duties collected equally as can be
from all, ad valorem. Now, that principle was
right in '46, is now, and should remain the policy
of the Government as long as we collect imposts;
and the application of that principle, as applied
and carried out in detail in the tariff of *46, was
probably nearly right in view of the then condi-
tion of the country. But the exigencies of our
Treasury has changed. There is now a surplus;
then a deficit. Now we have an importation of
$200,000,000 and over; then of $100,000,000; and
if we would now modify the present tariff with
the dame object in view as at its formation, viz:
revenue only, and the prevention of a surplus, we
must reduce the rates, while you should adhere to
the principle. One of two things must be done, if
we would prevent the accumulation of a surplus
revenue, either reduce your revenue Tates, or else
diminish your importations, and lose our foreign
markets. To the latter alternative the Whig policy
leads. The former expedient, viz: the reduction
of taxes, and the fostering of our foreign com-
merce, commends itself to the ftfvor of the De-
mocracy.
Sir, while speaking of the modification of the
tariff (existing) by a reduction of duties, to the
, extent of reducing the revenue to the wants of the
; Treasury, 1 have not, and shall not indicate on
! what articles (nor the percentage) the reduction
should be made. I content myself with the dec-
i Jaration, that, in my opinion, it is highly expe-
| dient to reduce the revenue to the wants of the
Treasury, and that that reduction should be effected
by reducing the duties, and lessening the burdens
of the people.
There is, however, one article for which there is
great demand in every section of the country, and
in the purchase of which, at fair and living prices,
every interest in thi« wide-extended country has a
great interest: I allude to railroad iron. In the re-
duction or abolition of duties on this article, the
people of the West, have, an especial interest.
Great portions of the people of Illinois, Wiscon-
sin, Iowa, and Indiana, although placed in a coun-
try of unequaled agricultural resources, yet such
is the distance of great portions of these States
from market, that a living can only be obtained
from that rich, virgin soil, by the severest hard-
ships, and that unremitting too; the transportation
of his products to market at a distance of seventy
or to one hundred miles^ionsumes the most of the
produce of the hard pioneer's toil. Now, over
these prairies there is every natural facility for the
construction of railroads. Upon them such roads
can be constructed at about one half the cost of
any other section of the Union; whifeh, when con-
structed, yield the greatest dividends of any roads
in the country. The hardy, enterprising, and pa-
triotic western pioneer has not money for the con-
struction of these roads; but he has labor, and of
that labor he will contribute most liberally for the
construction, of railroads. That will grade the
road and furnish the ties; but money, an item that
never abounds among the pioneer farmers of the
West, must be had for the purchase of the rails.
Some of the best paying roads of the West—
one in particular, viz:, the Chieago and Galena
raifroad—was delayed for years for want of money
for t}je purchase of the rails, long after the country
contained a large population, and would have paid
high dividends on the money invested. The farm-
ers along the track of that road were ready—
yes, anxious—to contribute of anything that they
had for the construction of the said road; but
money they had not, and as Jong as the matter
was an experiment, no eastern capitalist would
lit vest in it. It was, however, started by the farm*
ers themselves, materially &nies,itnliaUy aided by
the cities i f Chicago and Galena. Still the effort
was at a great sacrifice of the farmer, the bonds of
the road at its start (three years ago) selling for
seventy-five cents, and now at one dollar and a
quarter, the road having declared, for the last
fifteen months, twenty-seven per cent, dividend.
Such are the difficulties that a new country has
to encounter in the construction of railroads.
Money is the great want a«d desideratum with
them; and hence for the construction of such roads,
so important to your agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures, of every section and of the whole
country, the American Congress should lend every
aid in its power. Give us railroad iron free of
duty, and we will make, in the next four years,
in Illinois alone, twelve hundred miles of the best
railroad in the world. They will add immensely
to our surplus products, which will effect a corre-
sponding increase in our dgjnand for and purchase
of the fabrics of your manufactories and work-
shops, as well as for the wares and merchandise
of our commercial emporiums, thus swelling the
tide of our foreign and internal trade, and benefit-
ing all the great interests of the Union. I hope,
therefore, Since this article is of such great im-
portance to the whole country, and since it is now
so high, that this Congress will make the impor-
tation of this article free.
Sir, the Government of the Union is now at a
point upon the scale of duties from toMefcall parties
are agreed there should be progress. The Whigs
are usually called the stana-still party, but in this
matter ofrevenue, our President, who may be fairly
regarded as the exponent of the views of the na-
tional Whig party upon this matter, and for whom
and whose opinions I entertain the highest respect
—the President, I say, in this matter certainly has
progress, but it is a progress backwards, from the
revenue principle to the protective policy of the tariff
of '42. Our progress is not a departure from the
revenue principle of the tariff of '46, but a pro-
gression forward in the application of the princi-
ple, by a reduS^on of duties and taxes, demanded
by the accumulating surplus of revenue.
Sir, it is to the instrumentality of the Dem-
ocratic policy, that the country owes its past
progress, present greatness, and through it is to
realize its glorious future! Of unequaled agricul-
tural, commercial, and mineral resources, pos-
sessed of a country of vast extent, ranging almost
through every clime, possessing every variety of
soil, climate, and production, with a race inhab-
iting it whose energy and inventive genius was
never surpassed, if equaled.
And above and beyond all, blessed with free re-
ligious and civil institutions, under which man's
moral, intellectual, and physical powers tan alone "
be fully developed, what may we not hope for our
beloved country if the free, liberal principles of
Democratic policy shall continue permanently in
the ascendency in the administration of our for-
eign relations? From the continuation of such a
policy, we may expect a position in the family of
nations for wealth and power, physical and moral,
and in all things that constitute true greatness and
glory far in advance of any other nation of modern
or ancient times.
Mr. MGADE having obtained the floor, moved
that the committee rise.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would ask
i the gentleman from Virginia to waive that motion
for a moment, that I may present an amendment
to the eighth resolution.
Mr. MEADE. 1 will waive it for a moment.
Let the gentleman hand his resolution to the Clerk,
that it may be read.
The amendment was then read,as follows:
Amend, by inserting in the eighth resolution, after the
word "harbors," tbe words "and rivers," and strike out
po much of the tenth resolution as refers the same to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
[Cries of" No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. MEADE. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to. ^
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Stuart] reported that the Committee
of the Wholeon the state of the Union had had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the annual meyag* of the
