1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
with Great Britain; -which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. ADAMS presented a memorial of a Com-
mittee of the Mississippi Baptist State Conven-
tion, hel<F at Clinton, praying that provision be
made by treaty to secure to American citizens
residing in foreign countries the same liberty in
religious worship as is allowed citizens of other
nations in the United States; which was read, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTER presented three memorials of
citizens of Virginia, praying that the office of
chaplain in the public service may be abolished;
which were referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I am requested to present the
petition of McAllister & Co., and many others in-
terested in steamboats, at St. Louis. They rep-
resent that the law which was passed at the last
session, for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of steamboats, ought not to go
into operation so soon as is required by that law.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. It was so referred. 1
Mr. DAVIS. I also present the petition of
Selina C. Sumner. She represents that her hus-
band, Thomas H. Sumner, was a ship-master, j
While in that service, he made an important dis-
covery, by which could be ascertained, in a new-
way, the position of a ship on the ocean, the de-
tails of wnich I need not go into: but she further
represents that her husband has become insane, ;
and she asks, for the reasons set forth at large in
the petition, that Congress would adopt such
measures as are suggested for the relief of this
individual. I more that the petition, and testi- :
monials which accompany it, be printed, not !
knowing any other way in my power to lay a I
subject, somewhat complicated in its character, [
and yet represented as quite meritorious, before ,
the Senate and the other House. That question,
I suppose, will be referred to the Committee on !
Printing, and I throw out these suggestions that
they may takeit into consideration. I move, also,
that the petition and the papers be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
They were so referred, and the motion to print
went to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GWIN presented sixty-one memorials of
postmasters in California, and Oregon, praying an
increase of their salaries and allowances; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to present the
petition of John C. McFarran, a lieutenant in the
Army of the United States. He makes a peculiar
statement, whieh I will very briefly present to the
Senate. He says he was employed in New Mex-
ico as an assistant commissary, and while in that
employment another assistant commissary by the
name of Thomas, handed over to him a large
amount of money in specie; that a good deal of it
was counted—some one hundred thousand dollars
probably—hut becoming very much fatigued with
the operation, some six or eight boxes of the money
were not counted. Thomas assured him that they
contained so much, and that if they were deficient
when counted, he would make up the mon ey. He
says that Thomas further represented to him that
he was obliged to leave very soon, and under these
representations, my young friend McFarran—for
he was my appointee at West Point—gave him a
receipt for the whole amount, which Thomas rep-
resented to be in the boxes, but which proved to
be deficient $1,265 when the money was counted.
In the mean time, Thomasgot off. The petitioner
then says, apprehending a fraud had been prac-
ticed upon him, that he filed a bill in the court of
the United States, in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, to attach some property which Thomas had
there. To that there was a demurrer put in; and
the judge decided in favor of Thomas, upon the
ground that the money did not belong to McFar-
ran, but was the property of the United States,
and that the United States must look to Thomas
to get it. But in the mean time, Thomas has his
accounts settled here at the Treasury Department,
and gets a credit for die $1,265, and a charge is
made against McFarran as assistant commissary
for that sum. Thus the court dismissed his sntt
to get indemnity against Thomas, who he says is
insolvent, and the Government holds him respon-
sible for the 1,265. I know that the petitioner is
a poor, and worthy young man, and can ill afford
to lose this money. 1 suppose that the memorial
and accompanying papers, proving the facts, ought
to go to the Committee on Military Affairs. 1
will therefore move that reference.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor, that they should go to the Committee on
Claims. It is a claim for relief; and although the
transaction occurred in the Army, it does not alter
the nature or character of the claim. There is
nothing in it which connects it with military af-
fairs except that the transaction happened in the
service.
.Mr. UNDERWOOD. There may be some
peculiarities about it which should send it to the
Committee on Claims. I therefore move that it
be referred to that committee.
It w s so referred. *
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the representativesof R. S. Dix have leave
to withdraw their petition.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary transmit to the Navy Depart-
ment, the original record of the proceedings of a court of
inquiry, in the case of Captain WiHiani K. Latimer of the
Navy, communicated to the Senate by that Department, at
the last session of Congress.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill amendatory of an
act supplemental to " An act entitled an act grant-
ing boiyity land to certain officers and soldiers who
were engaged in the military service of the United
States, approved September 28, 1850.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMI8SION.
Mr. MASON, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leavfe to introduce a bill to
amend the act usually called "The civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill," approved 31st of Au-
gust, 1852, in the clause making an appropriation
for continuing the survey of the Mexican bound-
ary; which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
gelations.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The following appointments were made by the
Presiding Officer, to £11 vacancies in the Standing
Committees:
Revolutionary Claims—Mr. Toucey (chairman)
and Mr. Charlton.
AgrieuUme—Mr. Hale.
Private Land Claims—Mr. Seward.
Contingent Expenses of the Senate—Mr. Bright.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the finances of the country, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the foreign relations, of the country, be jeterred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
fers to naval affairs, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
fers to military aftairs, be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to commerce, and the improvement of rivers, lakes,
and harbors, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re
lates to Indian affairs, be referred (0 the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the public lands, be referred to the Committee on ,
Public Lands. I
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE. I
Mr. HAMLIN. I submitted a resolution yes- !
terday week, in relation to printing an extra num- 1
ber of the President's message ana accompanying !
documents. The message and documents are noto :
in press. I therefore move that that resolution be I
taken up, simply for the purpose of referring it to I
the Committee bn Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolution is as follows:
Retthtd, That tea thousand additional copies oftli* mes-
sage and accompanying documents, in addition to the usual
number, be printed for the use of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the resolution
was referred to the Committee on Printing
DEATH OF THE HON. DANIEL WEBSTER.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise to bring to
the notice of the Senate an event which has touched
the sensibilities and awakened sympathies in all
parts of the country, an event which has appro-
priately found a place in the message of the Presi-
dent, and ought not to be passed in silence by
the Senate. Sir, we have, within a short space,
mourned the death of a succession of men illus-
trious by their services, their talents, and worth.
Not only have seats in this Chamber, in the other
House, and upon the bench of the Court been va-
cated, but death has entered the Executive Man-
sion and claimed that beloved patriot who filled
the chair of State.
The portals of the tomb had scarcely closed
upon the remains of a great and gifted member of
this House, before they are again opened to re-
ceive another marked man of our day, one who
stood out with a singular prominence before his
countrymen, challenging, by his extraordinary
intellectual power, the admiration of his fellow
men.
Daniel Webster, (a name familiar in the re-
motest cabin upon thefrontier,) after mixing active-
ly with the councils of his country for forty years,
and having reached the limits of life assigned to
mortals, has descended to the mansions of the
dead, and the damp earth now rests upon his
manly form.
That magic voice which was wont to fill this
place with admiring listeners, is hushed in eternal
, silence. The multitude will no longer bend in
' breathless attention from the galleries to catch bis
words, and to watch the speaking eloquence of
his countenance, animated by the fervor of his
mind; nor will the Senate again be instructed by
the outpourings of his profound intellect, ma-
tured by long experience, and enriched by copious
! streams from the fountains of knowledge. The
thread of life is cut, the immortal is separated from
the mortal, and the products of a great and cul-
tivated mind are all that remain to us of the jurist
and legislator.
Few men have attracted so large a share of pub-
lic attention, or maintained for so long a period
an equal degree of mental distinction. In this and
the other House there were rivals for fame, and he
grappled in debate with the master minds of the
day, and achieved in such manly conflict the im-
perishable renown connected with his name.
Upon most of the questions which have been
agitated in Congress during his period of service,
his voice was heard. Few orators have equaled
him in a masterly power of condensation, or in
that clear logical arrangement of proofs and argu-
ments which secures the attention of the hearer
and holds it with unabated interest.
These speeches have been preserved, and many
of them will be read as forensic models, and will
command admiration for the great display of in-
tellectual power and extensive research. This ia
not a suitable occasion to discuss the merits of
political productions, or to eompare them with the
effusions of great cotemporaneous minds, or to
speak of the principles advocated. All this be-
longs to the future, and history will assign each
great name the measure of its enduring fame.
Mr. Webster was conspicuous not only among
the most illustrious men in the halls of legislation,
but his fame shone with undiminished lusterin the
judicial tribunals as an advocate, where he par-
ticipated in many of the most important discus-
sions. On the bench was Marshall, Story, and
their brethren, men of patient research and com-
prehensive scope of intellect, who have left behind
them, in our judicial annals, proofs of greatness
which will secure profound veneration and respect
for their names. At the bar stood Pinkney, Wirt,
Emmett, and many others who adorned and'gave
exalted character to the profession. Amid these
luminaries of the bar he discussed many of the
great questions raised in giving construction to
organic law; and no one shone with more intense
brightness, or brought into the conflict of mind
more learning, higher proofs of severe mental dis-
cipline, or more copious illustration.
Among such men, and in such honorable com-
bat, the foundations of that critical knowledge of
constitutional law, which afterwards became a
