1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
I am wil'we the gentleman shall have a certified
c.'pv itlflh.
Mr. SACKETT. Many months previous to
the adjournment of the last session, the members
ot' itie Committee on Claims hail in their desks
many cases prepared and ready to be reported
upon, but no opportunity ottered to make such re-
ports. I now move that that committee have leave
to report all cases prepared before the close of the
last session..
Mr. FICKLIX. In reply to the gentleman, I
will only remark that most of the committees of
tins House are in the same predicament.
Mr. SACK KIT. The Committee on Claims
was failed, in consequence of being near the head
of the Calendar, at a very early day of the last
session, and 1 believe was not called for the last
five or six months of the sessiou. So that no op-
portunity to report was afforded its members other
than very soon after the commencement of the
present Congress.
Mr. FICKLIX. It so happened that the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia had not a single
opportunity of making reports to the House.
They had business prepared and ready to report
for our action many months before the adjourn-
ment. I cannot consent to any discrimination in
favor of any committee. I am willing that the
rule shall be suspended, and committees generally
be called on for such business as was prepared at
the last session and onreported.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, what is the
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York submits a motion with reference to reports
from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois objects to the motion.
Mr. SACKETT. I understand that the gentle-
man from Illinois makes a motion to admit re-
ports from committees generally.
[Cries of •' That is not in order!"]
Mr. LETCHER. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Petitions are in order from
the State of Maine.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the debate on the Presi-
dent's message closes to-morrow at an early hour,
1 think that we had now better go to the consid-
eration of the order of the day before the commit-
tee, and therefore move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE THE TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Sti-art in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The subject before the
committee is the annual message of the President
of the United States, and the resolution of the
gentleman from Alabama to refer the same to the
several standing committees, and the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr.MEADE said that his State was extensively
engaged in a system of railroads, and that there-
fore the exemption of railroad iron from duty would
benefit the State to the amount probably of two
or three millions of dollars within the next ten
years. And what he said of the State of Virginia,
might be said of the whole South, the whole West,
and the whole Northwest. He gave notice that
he should vote against the proposition submitted
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
to refer the subject of revenue from customs to a
select committee, because he believed that the mat-
ter requires more consideration than can be given
to it at this session, in consequence of the num-
ber of important bills now pending in which the
whole country are interested; yet when an oppor-
tunity shall occur—and he should endeavor to ob-
tain one—he intended to introduce a bill to relieve
railroad iron from the present duty which op-
presses it.
Thegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,]
who addressed the House yesterday, he said,
would find himself somewhat puzzled to draw a
distinction between manufacturing corporations
and railroad corporations, and in demonstrating
how the community would be benefited by extend-
ing privileges to the former and denying them to *
the latter. He (Mr. M.) thought he should be
aole to show that while the admission into the
country, free of duty, of dye-studs, coarse wools,
«Scc., would enable the manufacturer to make goods
at less cost, it does not follow that the community
who buy would get them cheaper.
He remarked that he thought he should be able
to show that the admission of rui'road iron, either
free of duty or with a light duty, would benefit
every one. If we had as many railroads extend-
ing trom the Atlantic to the Pacific as there are
Slates along their shores, there would not be a
man or woman east of the Kocky Mountains who
would not be benefited. He then argued these
poults, and, in the course of Ins remarks, contend-
ed that the taking oil" the duty on railroad iron
would eventually benefit the iron-master. In con-
clusion, he said he was unwilling that the surplus
revenue should remain in the Treasury, believing
that it wuuld be appropriated improvidently; and
rather than so much money should be locked up,
he would prefer that fifteen or twenty per cent
even should be given in the purchase of the United
States bonds.
[Mr. Meade's speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, stated his objections
to the accumulation of a surplus revenue in the
Treasury, which, he conceived, would lead to the
most wasteful extravagance and pervert the moral
sense of public functionaries and bring them into
disgrace and contempt. There were two promi-
nent points connected with the subject now before
the committee. The first, making a pro rata re-
duction on all imports which now pay a duty; and
the second, abolishing entirely the duty on those
articles of importation which do not come into
competition with the products of this country.
The first is the Democratic, the second the Whig
side of the question. He was willing for a modifi-
cation of the tarilF, provided the industry of the
country shall not be thereby affected. He had
always been in favor of protection for the sake of
protection. In the course of his remarks he advo-
cated a home market, and specific instead of ad
valorem duties.
[Mr. Stanton's speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. MILLSON next obtained the flo# and
addressed the committee an hour in an argument
, against the doctrine of protection to domestic man-
ufactures, as being advantageous to labor, and in
favor of such a modification of the tariff, by a re- '
duction of duties on imposts, as would bring into j
the Treasury an amount only sufficient to support |
the Government economically administered. [His |
remarks will be found in the Appendix.] '
Mr. GIDDINGS addressed the committee upon
the slavery question as connected with the acqui-
sition of Cuba, with the view to show that the
annexation of that Island (which can never be
peaceably done) would inevitably overthrow the
institution of slavery in the United States. Hence
he was not averse to the peaceable acquisition of
Cuba as the most certain and ready means of erad-
icating slavery from the land. [His remarks will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON here obtained the floor.
Mr. STANLY. Will thegentleman from Ala-
bama allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will.
Mr. STANLY. There is one matter of the
President's message, of some importance, which
I do not see in the resolution offered the other day
by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
for refering the message. The President refers to
an appropriation made at the last session of Con-
gress, for the establishment of a lunatic asylum in |
this District. It is a matter of some importance, !
I think, to Congressmen as well as to others. I ;
hope my friend from Alabama has referred that
matter to the consideration of the House I think |
it should be done. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I made no reference to that
branch of the President's message, there being
now ample provision by law by which lunatics
may be confined and provided for here, or trans- i
ported to Baltimore and confined there. I move ;
that the committee rise. j|
Mr. STANLY called for a division. i
The question was put, and there were on a di-
vision—ayes 33, noes 4.
So the motion was agreed to. j,
The committee accordingly rose, and the j
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Stuart] reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had lmd the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the animal message
of the President of the United States, and had
come to lio resolution thereon.
REGISTERS FOR VESSELS.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I have here, Mr.
Speaker, Senate bill No. 448, which I request,by
the courtesy of the House, may be taken tip, and
with a word of explanation I think they will pass
it.
Mr. STANLY. There is no quorum present;
otherwise I should have 110 objection.
Mr. FULLER. The House will hear me for
a moment. 'I he bill proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue registers to
vessels which have been condemned and sold, in
case where the proper proof is laid before him,
and thereby avoid the necessity of appealing to
the House and taking up its time, and that of the
Committee on Commerce, in reference to every
small vessel that has been repaired, and which
requires a new register.
It is a bill which the Committee on Commerce
of the Senate matured, and which the Committee
on Commerce of this House have given full con-
sideration. I move, therefore, that the bill be
taken up and put upon its passage, as there are a
dozen applications, from a dozen different vessels,
for papers.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to the
proposition contained in the bill; but to legislate
with the small number of members present, would
be injustice to those who are absent. What was
the number, as reported by the Speaker just now,
as present ?
A Voice. Thirty-seven.
Mr. STANLY. I shall not interpose any ob-
jection to that bill at another time, but I think it is
not right to press it now.
Mr. FULLER. If it was a question upon
which I supposed gentlemen of this House enter-
tained different opinions, I certainly would yield
to the suggestion of my friend from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. STANLY. I will not object, but merely
throw out the objection.
Mr. FULLER. As it is rare to get the oppor-
tunity to put a bill upon its passage, I ask for this
bill a consideration at this time.
Mr. ORR. There is too small a number of the
members of the House present. J have no objec-
tion to the bill with a fuller House, and will vote
for it at any other time.
On motion by Mr. Hillyer, the House then ad-
journed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PRICE gave notice that he would, on some future
day, ask leave to present a bill fur tlie construction of a
road, or railroad, across the territory of the Fiiited States,
from the west line of Missouri, Arkansas, or Texas, to the
east line of California.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. GORMAN : The memorial of Dr. Alexander B.
Hasson, assistant surgeon of tile United States Army, pray-
ing that the medical stuff of the Army may be increased.
By Mr. CHASTA1N: The memorial of a number of
Cherokee Indians, residing east, praying Congress for a dis-
tributive share, per capita, of the amount due the Cherokee
Indians under the treaty of 1835 and '6, and also for a speedy
settlement of their claims, &.c.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of Andrew
C. Armstrong, praying for a readjustment of his accounts
as Navy agent.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Hyams, Chew, and King,
relative to the Maison Rouge Grant.
By Mr. APPLETON,of Massachusetts: The petition of
Selina C. Sumner, that a grant of money be made T. H.
Sumner, the discoverer of a new method of finding ships'
position at sea.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of Thomas Johnson, a
citizen of Fulton comity, New York, for relief for services
in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. J. VV. HOWE: The petition of Sally Murger and
Mary Ann Lovell, praying Congress to grant a peusion to
the said Sally Murger for and on account of the military
services of Noah Wiseman, her late husband, ill the war of
1812.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 15, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. ATCHISON desired the Secretary to read
a letter which he had received from the Presiden
