60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
test the analogy of the cases by what appears on
the files and the records of the Senate. We can-
not go into anything extrinsic to ascertain whether
there are differences; we must take the language
just as it stands upon the record. If there has.
been any subsequent confirmation of his right* to
a seat here, it has never been presented to the Sen-
ate. I do not think any such subsequent con-
firmation was necessary. If it was necessary, it
has never been done. 1 think his right is perfect
from what appears upon the records of the Senate.
And what appears there appears in precisely the
same manner in Mr. Meriwether's case. Now,
sir, take it up. Here it is. I will repeat it again
very briefly, so that the members of the Senate
may see tHe precise analogy. Mr. Berrien re-
signed prospectively. That created the vacancy,
in the opinion of the Governor of Georgia, and
upon the presentation of the resignation, he ap-
points and commissions Mr. Charlton before the
day arrives fixed by Mr. Berrien for his retire-
ment. That is an authority to support the right
of Mr. Dixon, claiming under the prospective
resignation of Mr. Clay. Mr. Meriwether, I
admit, claimed his right in consequence of the
actual vacancy occasioned by the death of Mr.
Clay. There is that difference, and that is all.
The prospective resignation, and letter of resigna-
tion in the case of Mr. Berrien, took place during
the recess of the Legislature. Mr Clay's letter
of resignation was written and delivered while the
Legislature was in session, but the time fixed
when he was to retire from this Chamber, hap-
pened in the recess of the Legislature. The cases
are precisely the same in the principle for which
I cite them. One is the case of an Executive ap-
pointment, based upon a prospective resignation,
and made before the arrival of the day fixed in the
letter of resignation, when the member would
cease to act. The other is the case of a Legisla-
tive election, based upon a prospective resignation,
and made before the arrival of the day for the in-
cumbent to retire. No one questions the propriety
of the Executive appointment. That is Mr.
Charlton's case. Many seem to doubt the pro-
priety of these Legislative elections. That is Mr.
Dixon's case. Mr. Meriwether was appointed
by the Governor to hold his seat for a limited
time; Mr. Charlton was appointed by the Gov-
ernor, to hold for alimited time. Mr. Meriwether
presents his credentials, and is qualified without
objection being made-, Mr. Charlton presents his
credentials, and is also qualified without objection.
Both are appointed by the Governor, for limited
periods; both are qualified without objection, both
the commissions stating the period when the term
of service is to expire. And now, after receiving
one commission of that sort, and allowing a gen-
tleman to be qualified without objection, how can
you get up and say that the other commission,
precisely the same in its character, and which
limits the period of service in the same manner, is
void ? I deny it. It is in conformity to the fact.
The Governor of Kentucky had, before that time,
commissioned Mr. Dixon, and he could not allow
his files to show the inconsistency of one com-
mission to Mr. Dixon, from and after the first
Monday in September, and then another to Mr.-
Meriwether, which could be construed to be in
conflict with the other. The Governor was per-
fectly right in making out the second commission,
and he put upon the face of it what his duty re-
quired him to do, in order to prevent any conflict
between the two. The Governor acted wisely, by
inserting in the second commission the period up
to which Mr. Meriwether was to hold his office.
What right have you to go behind the Governor's
commission ? What right have you to revise the
mode and manner in which the States make out
their credentials to those who are to represent
them, when by the Constitution of the country,
the times, mode and manner, and everything, be-
longs to the State Legislature and the State au-
thorities, until you shall undertake by law, accord-
ing to the Constitution, to alter the modes of pro-
ceeding by the State authorities. Is there any
auestion of contest here between A and B? Is
there any question of contest here made by any
one, with regard to the legality of the commis-
sions? None whatever. The State law and the
State authority have a right to control all this, and
you are to give efficiency to it, until somebody
raises a question; and that question, according to
the Constitution, must be with reference to age,
residence, citizenship, or some other personal qual-
ification, or else it must be with reference to the
legality of the election or appointment. My State
has done all this, in pursuance of her law, and in
pursuance of your precedents; and [ say that it is
a most ungracious task on the part of the Senate
of the United States, to be undertaking to revise
the proceedings of my Legislature, or the acts of
the Governor of the State, upon no better founda-
tion than objections to the form or language of a
commission defunct upon its face, and which no
one is yet attempting to revive.
But I deny that the commission of Mr. Meri-
wether is void, because a limitation is inserted in
it, or that the limitation is void. Sir, if that limit-
ation be void, the whole commission is void, and
that upon settled principles of law.
Lord Coke says that " if a man do less than
the command or the authority committed to him,
then what hedoes is void." Ga and look at Dun-
lap's Paley upon Agency, page 179. According
to the doctrine advanced by some gentlemen the
Governor of Kentucky, in Mr. Meriwether's case,
did not fulfill hisduty. He did, they say, a great
deal less than he was required to do, according to
the Constitution. He was required, gentlemen
say, to make out a commission which should have
such validity and effect as to confer upon Mr.
Meriwether the whole term left by Mr. Clay's
death and his resignation. It is manifest that he
did not do that. He only commissioned him for
a few months, up to the first Monday in Septem-
ber. Then, exactly in the language of the author-
ity to which I have referred, he did less than he
was commanded to do; he did only part of his
duty, and, having done part of his duty, the act
was void. What are gentlemen doing, then? They
are acknowledging by their own arguments that
the paper presented shows that the Governor did
a great deal less than he ought to have done. He
did not meet the requirements of the Constitution,
and yet they say, we will enlarge that paper, con-
trary to the face of it, and make it meet the re-
quirements of the Constitution to the whole extent,
although it is but the partial and limited execution
of a power. Thus they mean to give validity to
a defective commission, according to their own
admissions, to suit their own purposes and de-
signs, directly contravening the doctrine of Coke.
Now, as a legal proposition, can this be done?
As a sensible proposition, can it be done? No,
sir. The Governor of Kentucky had a right, un-
der the state of facts appearing on the records and
proceedings of the Legislature, to insert the fact
that the appointment was up to the first Monday
in September, when the Legislative election should
take effect. That was all he had a right to do,
and he did that fully, and expressed it upon the
face of the paper. If you do not sanction it as it
stands, you are bound to regard the whole as a
nullity; for then, under the doctrines of agency,
it is all a nullity; and then those who contend that
the seat was filled by Mr. Meriwether, are making
a claim in Mr. Meriwether's behalf upon a void
paper, and not upon a Legislative election—a void !
act of the Governor, according to their own posi-
tion. How, then, can they claim that he should
hold the seat under that void act? The thing is
impossible, unless you intend to make a law for
the States, and have persons put in office contrary
to the will of the majority of the Legislatures of
these States. Is that the principle upon which an
American Senate can act? Is it not at war with
everything like the genius of our Government?
Who can say that the Governor of Kentucky
would have commissioned Mr. Meriwether at all,
if he had known that the Senate would enlarge
and extend the time of his appointment beyond
the date limited by the Governor? Are you to
stultify the Governor, and because you think he
ought to have done more than he did do to meet
the requirements of the Constitution, are you at
liberty to enlarge his commission, and make it
confer an office for years which he limits to two
months' duration ? No, sir; you have no right to
reverse the rule, and make the mi nor include the
major. But if you are fully convinced that the
Governor erred, and did less than he should have
done, after you have instructed him in his duty,
you should be instructed by Coke, and declare the
commission to Mr. Meriwether altogether void,
and let the Governor have another chance to select
a new man, as well as make a new commission.
For the Senate to stretch an Executive commis- ,;
sion is as objectionable, in my judgment, as the
Procrustean process of lopping off.
Mr. President, I have now vindicated, as I con-
ceive, the Legislature of my State for acting as
they have done; I have vindicated the Governor
of my State. He is not a gentleman of my polit-
ical creed, but he is one for whom I have high
respect and esteem, who, I believe, has acted hon-
estly, conscientiously, and properly in making out
the commission to his appointee in the manner in
which he has done it, and I am sorry that his po-
litical friends in this body should be those raising
the voice of censure against his conduct.
Allow me now to read the resignation of Mr.
Clay, and to show that it is absolute and unquali-
fied, reserving only a small portion of time to him-
self. As I shall have little to say after 1 have
read it, and as it was his last act in communicating
to the Legislature of his State, I hope the Senate
will pardon me, as it is not very long, for reading
the whole of it:
Washington, 17 December, 1851.
To the General Jissemhly of Kentucky :
When \ou did nie the honor to confer on ine the appoint-
ment of ,i Senator from Kentucky, which I now hold, in
accepting it I did not intend or expect to serve thp entire
term of six years. I had previoudy retired, finally, as I
supposed, from that body. But out of the territorial acqui-
sitions, resulting from the war with Mexico, momentous
questions arose, seriously menacing the harmony and peace,
if not the integrity of the Union. J felt it to be inv duty to
return again to the Senate, and to contribute my humble
aid, by an amicable settlement of those questions, to avert
the calamities with which we were threatened. Such a
settlement was attempted during the last Congress, is now
in progress of execution, and I trust and hope will accom-
plish all the good that could be expected from any great
measure adopted to heal national divisions and animosmea
which had risen to such an alarming height.
On the approach of the present Congress, it was with
much hesitation, proceeding partly from my feeble state of
health, that I concluded to return for the last time to the
Senate. But I have no thought of ever again taking a scat
in that body after the close of the present session Having
come to this determination, I consider it incumbent on me
to place it in the power of the General Assembly to appoint
my successor during its present session.
1 do therefore hereby resign the office of a Senator of
the United States from the State of Kentucky, this my res-
ignation to take effect en the first Monday of September,
1853.
In dissolving this official relation in which I stand to the
General Assembly, I cannot forbear renewing the expression
of my great obligations and my profound gratitude for the
many distinguished and gratifying proofs which it has given
uie of its confidence and attachment.
I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, your
fiuthful and obedient servant, H. CLAY.
The Legislature was then in session. Hestates
that his object in resigning is to allow that body
to fill the vacancy for the residue of his term after
the termination ofthatsession ofCongress. He says
in substance: I never expect to takemy seat in an-
other Congress. I do therefore hereby resign my
office in theSenate of the United States to take effect
on the first Monday in September; thus reserving to
himself, according to the whole tenor of the instru-
ment, the right to fulfill the duties of Senator
during the residue of that session of Congress
when he was here in Washington. After that
resignation has been accepted, after it has been
acted upon, and after Mr. Dixon has been elected,
will the Senate of the United States sendhimback,
and say to the people of Kentucky: " All the
proceedings of your Legislature were a mere farce.
This resignation of Mr. Clay occurred precisely
as the former one, when Mr. Crittenden was
elected; but it is all good for nothing, and you
cannot be represented by the person elected by
your Legislature ?" I hope not.
Now,a^word to my friend from Georgia; I have
no idea of turning him out. I do not want any
confirmation of his commission; but I will say to
him, if Mr. Dixon is to go by the board in conse-
quence of the commission to Mr. Meriwether, I
think he, too, ought to go. I have always acted
upon the principle of equal justice to all men, and
I do not like to see fish made of one, and flesh of
another. Let all fare alike; and I think, therefore,
that if the one commission is not to entitle Mr.
Dixon to his seat, so the other should not entitle
my friend from Georgia to his seat. In that case,
my friend from Georgia would be, for all practical
purposes here in Congress, as if we had taken up
any stranger in the streets, brought him in, qual-
ified him, and given him a seat to represent a sov-
ereign State. That is the effect of making these
commissions void. But I utterly deny that they
are void. They are in conformity with the fact;
they express the truth; they tell what actually ex-
ists, and they are made out in the execution of
