1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB3ET.
61
authority which the Govern Ar had a right to exer-
cise in each instance. They show what the Gov-
ernor intended to do. It has been done correctly,
in my opinion in both instances, and my friend
from Georgia is as much entitled to his seat on
this floor as I am, or as any other member is;
and so was Mr. Meriwether while he was here.
He was as much entitled to hold under his com-
mission until the first Monday in September as
any other member on this floor.
I wish gentlemen, when they answer this argu-
ment, to show how it is that you cannot divide, :
Prospectively, by resignation, a senatorial term. J
,et it be a starting point to get up and show how 1
it is that that is a legal and constitutional impos- j
sibilitv. If they can show that it cannot be done, j
I shall be startled, and be ready to surrender, I
apprehend, the argument which I have made. But
as long as I believe that you can, by resignation,
exercise the constitutional right of dividing the
term into different parts, I insist that the resigna-
tion which I have just read did accomplish that
thing, and by that, all of Mr. Clay's term beyond
the first Monday in September was made vacant,
and that vacancy happening during the sitting of
the Legislature, could be constitutionally filled by
them, as they did fill it by the election of Mr..
Dixon. Unless that position can be overturned,
and unless it can be shown that such a division of
the six years could not be made by resignation, I
think my argument is unanswerable; but I believe
I shall have astuteness enough to see how that
position can be overturned, should it be done; and
if it can be proved thtEt it is a constitutional im-
possibility to divide a senatorial term by prospec-
tive resignation, I surrender all that I have said.
Mr. TOUCEY. It was my wish that this sub-
ject should have been referred to a committee,
that the precedents might be examined, the sub-
ject deliberately considered, and presented to this
body in a mature form. I thought if that course
was taken, the precedent which would now beset
would hereafter be regarded as entitled to higher
consideration. But as the subject has been gone
into, as the debate has been continued from day
to day, and conducted with no little ability, I
have become satisfied that this whole question
must be disposed of substantially here.
Mr. President, there is, in my judgment, a
preliminary question affecting this whole subject,
which entirely disposes of it. It is one that has
not been presented to the Senate in any of the
precedents which have been cited, and I nave re-
ceived no intimation from any quarter that that
question has heretofore been brought under con-
sideration. It is whether a Senator can resign
his senatorial office after his death.
I confess, sir, that I have not been able to bring
my mind to entertain any serious doubt that the
resignation of Mr. Clay, transmitted to the Exec-
utive of Kentucky a year ago, with a proviso at-
tached to it that it should take effect on the first
Monday in September last, which was after his
death, is necessarily inoperative and void by the
occurrence of that event. It is impossible not to
believe that it was made upon the inherent and
jndis^n sable condition that his life should be con-
tinues to the specified period, when the act, by
the terms of it, was to be effective to vacate the
office. I doubt not that the incumbent himself
acted upon that idea. I doubt not that when he
transmitted that resignation, before the arduous
labors of that session, he presented it under the
belief, if I may so say, the fundamental belief, that
his life would continue to that period*requiring
that act in order to vacate the office. Not only
was it the presumed intention of the incumbent,
but it was perfectly understood by the Executive,
and by the Legislature of Kentucky, that that
resignation was transmitted upon that condition.
And now, as that condition has never been ful-
filled, that resignation never took any effect. It
would be impossible to suppose that either the
incumbent, or the Legislature of Kentucky, should
have imagined that it was possible for a Senator
to undertake to resign the office which he held,
after the period when he ceased to be here, capable
of acting. I regard it, therefore, as entirely inop-
erative, because that implied condition, which is
indispensable, did not occur. What power has
an officer over the office which he holds, after his
death? In fact there is an entire defect of power
«  any incumbent, either directly or indirectly, to
resign an office, or to vacate an office-, or to execute
any instrument by which it shall be resigned or
vacated, at a period subsequent to his death, be-
cause, in the first place, he has no power at such
subsequent period. He has no power at the time
when it had been vainly provided that the act of
resignation should take effect, but it had passed
from him, without any agency of his, in an irre-
sistible way, forwhich the Constitution had made
ample provision. And there is no subject for the
power to operate upon. That, also, nad passed
out of his hands by the same event; and when the
resignation was to take effect, both the power and
the office had passed away from him. Thei'e was,
therefore, neither power nor subject. The office
had passed out of nis hands, and perhaps had been
filled in a constitutional manner, long previous to
the time when the resignation was intended to take
effect, and when, by the very terms of it, it was to
take effect, if it ever should take any effect at all.
It has been said in regard to property that the
owner may by an instrument act upon thaf prop-
erty after his death; but there is no analogy be- I
tween the two cases of property and an office; .
there is no property in an office. The power of' j
the owner to act upon property is by the manner
of disposing of it. But has an officer any power |
of disposing of an office after his death ? Can he
do an act which is to take effect after his death,
that shall have any influence or any control over ;
that office ? It might be more properly compared j
to a life-estate, or to an estate for years determin- '
able with life. Can the tenant in that case dis-
| pose of the term after his death and when his
power over the property has gone? Can he exe-
cute any instrument whatever that shall have an
influence upon it ? I confess, Mr. President, that
I have not been able to discover any ground upon
which it can be said that a resignation, to take
effect after the death of the incumbent, can have
any effect upon that office whatever. The. res-
ignation is'void, because the condition is not ful- 1
filled; it is void, because there is no power over
it; and it is void, because there is no office in the :
hands of the incumbent for that power to operate
upon.  
It seems to me, therefore, after the best atten-
tion that I have been able to give to this subject,
that the resignation of Mr. Clay was founded in
a mistake, upon the idea that he would be living
on the first Monday of September, and would
have an office to resign, and he therefore incorpo-
rated into his resignation that it should take effect
on the first Monday of September, long after the
time when he ceased to live. As it was to take
effect at that time, and not before, it appears to
me that it was entirely void, entirely inoperative,
and presents a case that has never been before
this body, and for which there is no precedent j
that has come to my notice, or which has been sug- j
gested by any Senator on the other side. Hence
I think that there was no resignation—that his con-
tem plated resignation never took effect—that no i
vacancy ever occurred by reason of that resigna-
tion. _ j
But, sir, with reference to prospective resigna-
tions; I have no difficulty in regard to them, ifthey
are resignations to take effect while the incumbent j
is still in office, and while the appointing power |
remains unchanged. If the Governor of a State, ,
during the recess of the Legislature, makes anap- ;
pointment before the vacancy actually occurs, and 1
he continues to have the power to make that ap- |
ointment, and does not revoke it, and the incum-
■e is
per
has the" power to do; and when the power con-
P<
bent does not, there is no question, and it is the
ordinary case of a person doing an acfwhich he
tinues, and his concurrence and assent coptinue,
ltbecomes an unquestioned and unquestionable act !
and no title in opposition to it can be brought into 1
existence. But how is it with regard to prospect-
ive appointments ? Suppose a Senator is elected
for the period of six years, and after he has been
elected ne resigns—the resignation to take effect at
the end of five years, and then the vacancy is filled
by the Legislature in session. Suppose he resigns
again—his resignation to take-effect at the end of
four years, and the Legislature fills that vacancy; ;
and he again resigns, the resignation to take effect
at the end of three years; and again for two years,
and again for one year, thf Legislature undertak-
ing to fill each. If the hypothesis presented on
the other side be tru^ there is no escape from the
conclusion that there are five vacancies made by
the Mime ineumbent daring the same session ofthe
Legislature, and therefore, six Senators to fill the
sanfe term for the period of six years; and that
provision of the Constitution of the United States
which requires that a Senator shall be elected for
six years is resolved by construction into a pro-
vision for the appointment of an indefinite number
of Senators, for an annual, a semi-annual, or a
briefer term.
Again, suppose that at the close of an Adminis-
tration, after a civil revolution has been accom-
plished, the Judges of the Supreme Court should
resign, their resignations to take effect at different
periods—one year, three years, or any number of
years—could the President who was about to go
out of office, with a Senate corresponding in polit-
ical views, proceed to fill those offices, and install,
with a degree of permanency unknown in any
other department, the principles of the Adminis-
tration about to go out by the verdict of popular
opinion ? And yet if it be true that if an officer
resigns with a reservation to take effect five years
hence, as a Senator might do, it"is a present va-
cancy to be filled, the Presidenl of the United
States would have the power to do this. Thus
the office would be filled, and there would be no
mode in this case of correcting the evil, unless the
ultimate and last remedy could be applied, which
undoubtedly would not be applied. Or suppose
now, that our foreign ministers should resign, their
! resignation to take effect on the 1st of April, or of
June next, could the present Executive send into
this body nominations of foreign ministers for our
confirmation to fill those supposed vacancies, be-
cause the incumbents were determined to resign at
that time, and declared it as a present resignation
to take affect at that time? Why, it is not a
present resignation—it is a contradiction in terms
to speak of it as such. A present resignation, to
take effect at a future day, is a future resignation,
1 apprehend that there is no difficulty in the
precedents which have been adverted to in regarcl
to the Subject of future resignations. The re-
mark which I made a few moments ago as to the
continuing of the incumbent in office, and the ap-
pointing power in the same hands, removes all of
them from any difficulty whatever, unless it be
the last one, which was referred to by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky—that resignation of
TMr. Clay when Mr. Crittenden was elected. If
the session of the Legislature continued to the
time when that vacancy actually happened, it
would fall within the category which 1 have al-
ready stated. If not, I can only say that it was
so near the adjournment of the Legislature, that
the subject was not presented to the Senate. No
discussion was had in regard to it. No consider-
ation was given to any question then arising, and
it passed sub silentio, and ought not to have the
weight of a precedent, or to exercise any eontrol
over the pending question.
But how is it possible that a resignation to take
effect at a ftiture day, should have a present oper-
ation, and also a future operation? Gentlemen on
the other side of the question seem to think, that
a resignation to take effect at a future day, pro-
duces a present metaphysical vacancy, and that, at
the future day at which it takes effect, it produces
another and an actual vacancy. Now, can there
be to one act a double operation of that kind ? Can
there be two such results from the same resigna-
tion? And when the resignation is to take effect
at a future day, can it take effect before that day
to any intent or purpose whatsoever ? It is impos-
sible; in the first place, because the resignation is
contingent, according to the view which 1 have
already presented, upon the continuing life of the
incumbent. It is an inchoate act—a contingent
act; it is a resignation which cannot operate to va-
cate the office, unless the incumbent lives to the
day when it does operate to vacate the office. In
the next plcfte, it is impossible, provided the will
of the incumbent is the rule, because it is his will
that its operation shall be postponed. It is a res-
ignation to take effect at a certain future day, and
not before. How can a new and distinct opera-
tion, in fact, be given to it before the instrument
is to take effect ? "
It seems to me that, in reason, and under thfe
principles of constitutional law applicable to this
subject, it is impossible that the one single act of
resignation can have any such twofold effect. It
amounts to nothing but a notice—that is, provided
the incumbent cannot recall it, which is a question
that has never been passed upon by the Senate
