1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the pur- j
pose of proposing some action of this House in
response to that which, we learn, has taken place
in the Senate in reference to the death of Mr. Web-
ster; and 1 have little to add to the proposition
itself beyond a brief expression of reverence and
of affectionate recollection. At this seat of Gov-
ernment, where thirty years of Mr. Webster's
life were spent—in this Capitol, still populous with
the echoes of his voice—to this House, of which
there is not an individual member but can trace
somethins: of his intellectual wealth, or political
faith, to the fountain of that mighty intellect—it
would be-useless, and worse, to pass in review the
various acts of spoken and written thought by
which he impressed himself ineffaceably upon his
time. Master of the great original ideas of which
our social institutions are but the coarse material
expression; master of a style which clothed each
glorious thought in a garb of appropriate beauty;
possessed of a conquering nature that " like the
west wind brought the sunshine with it," and gave
us, wherever he was, the sense of security and
power, he has run his appointed race, and has
left us to feel that our day of life will henceforth
be more wintry now that that light has been with-
drawn. 1 have no intention of undertaking here
to measure his labors or interpret his ideas; but
I feel tempted to say that his great field of action—
the greatest which any statesman can have—was
in undertaking to apply general principles to an
artificial and complicated system; to reconcile lib-
erty with law; to work out the advance of liberty
and civilization through and under the rules of law
and government; to solve that greatest problem of
human government, how much of the ideal may
safely be let into the practical.
He sought these objects, and he sought the
political power which would enable him to carry
out these objects, and he threw into the struggle the
great passions of a great nature—the quod viUt, id
valde vult of the elder Brutus. He sought, and not
unsuccessfully, to throw around the cold imper-
sonal idea of a Constitution the halo of love and
reverence which in the Old World gathers rounds
the dynasties of a thousand years; for, in the at-
tachment thus created, he thought he saw the
means of safety and permanence for his country.
His large experience and broad forecast gave him
notice of national dangers, which all did not see,
as the wires of the electric telegraph convey news
of startling import, unknown to the slumbering
villages through which they pass. Whether his
fears were well or ill-founded, the future, the best
guardian of his fame, will show; but whether well
orill-founded, matters nothing nowtohim. Hehas
passed through the last and sternest trial, which '
he has himself in anticipation described in words I
never to be forgotten: " One may live (said he) as j
a conqueror, a hero, or a magistrate, but he must
die as a man." The bed of death brings every
human being to his pure individuality; to the in-
tense contemplation of that, the deepest and most
solemn of all relations, the relation between the
creature and his Creator. Here it is that fame and
renown cannot assist us; that all external things
must fail to aid us; that friends, affection, and hu-
man love and devotedness cannot succor us. This
relation, the true foundation of all duty, a relation ,
perceived and felt by conscience and confirmed by
revelation, our illustrious friend, now deceased,
always acknowledged. j
He " reverenced the Scriptures of truth, honored ;
the pure morality which they tench, and clung to |
<the hopes of future life which they impart." Mr.
Webster died in accordance with the prevailing ,
sentiment of his life, in the spirit of prayer to
God, and of love to man. Well might those who I
watched his dying bed say, in the words which the
greatest English poet applies to a legendary hero
who also had been the stay of his country in peril:
"Nothing is here for tears, nothing to wait
Or knock the breast; no weakness, no contempt, ]
Dispraise or blame: nothing but well or fair.
And what may comfort us in a death so noble."
Mr. Speaker, I move the following resolves:
Resolved, That this House concurs with the Senate in its j
expression of grief fur the death of Daniel Webster, of re- ;!
sped for his memory, and of estimation of the services
which he rendered to his conntry.
Resolced, That the members of tilis House will wear
crape on the left arm for the space of thirty days.
Resolved, That the Speaker be requested to make these
resolves known to the surviving relatives of the deceased. I
Rt solved, That this House do now adjourn. *
Mr. APPLETON, or Maine. Mr. Speaker, I I
do not know that 1 ought to add anything to what i
has already been said upon the resolutions before
us; yet, since the death of Mr. Webster was a na-
tional calamity, it is fit that all classes and all par- ,
ties in the community should unite to testify their
full appreciation of it. The people themselves
have admonished us of this, as they have gathered
recently with mournful reverence around his tomb,
and we should be unworthy of them, if, here in
the Capitol, where he won so much of his fame,
we did not add our tribute to his memory. It is
a great memory, sir, and will go down to pos-
terity, as one of the country's heir-looms, through
I know not how many successive generations.
We are not here, Mr. Speaker, to build his monu-
ment. He erected that for himself before he died;
and had he failed to do so, none among us could
supply the deficiency. We are here, rather, to
recognize his labors, and to inscribe the marble
with his name.
That we have not all sympathized with him in
his political doctrines, or been ready to sanction
every transaction of his public life, need not, and,
1 am sure, does not abate anything from our re-
spect for his services, or our regret for his loss.
His character and his worics—what he was and
what he did—constitute a legacy which no sound-
hearted American can contemplate without emo-
tions of gratitude and pride. There is enough of
Daniel Webster, sir, to furnish a common ground
upon which all his countrymen can mingle their
hearty tributes to his memory.
He was a man to be remarked anywhere.
Among a barbarous people he would have excited
reverence by his very look and mien. No one
could stand before him, without knowing that he
stood in a majestic presence, and admiring those
lineaments of greatness, with which his Creator
had enstamped, in a manner not to be mistaken,
his outward form. If there was ever such an in-
stance on earth, his was the appearance described
by the great dramatist:
" The combination and the form indeed I
Where every god did seem to set his seal,
To give the world assurance of a man."
No one could listen to him, in his happier mo-
ments, without feeling his spirit stirred witliin him
by those deep, cathedral tones which were the fit
vehicles of his grave and earnest thoughts. No
one can read his writings without being struck
by the wonderful manner in which they unite a
severe simplicity of style, with great warmth of
.fancy, and great affluence of diction.
We, Mr. Speaker, remember his look and his
spoken words; but by those who are to come after
us, he will be chiefly known through that written
eloquence which is gathered in our public records,
and enshrined among the pages of his published
works. By these, at least, he itill lives, and by
these, in my judgment, he will continue to live,
after these pillars shall have fallen, and this Capitol
shall have crumbled into ruin. Demosthenes has
survived the Parthenon, and Tully still pleads be-
fore the world the cause of Roman culture and
Roman oratory; but there is nothing, it seems to
me, either in Tully, or in Demosthenes, which,
for conception, or language, or elevation of senti-
ment, can exceed some passages in the writings
which remain of Daniel Webster. His fame in-
deed is secure, for it is guarded by his own works;
and as he himself said of Mr. Calhoun, " he has
lived long enough—lie has done enough, and he
has done it so well, so successfully, so honorably,
as to connect himself for all time with the records
of his country."
In no respect, Mr. Speaker, is this an occasion
of lamentation for him. Death was not meant to
be regarded as an evil, or else it would not come
alike to all; and about Mr Webster's death there
were many circumstances of felicity and good
fortune. He died in the maturity of his intellect;
after long public service, and after having achieved
a great name for himself, and a great memory for
his country. He died at home; his last wants
supplied by the hands of affection; his last hours
cheered by the consolations of friendship; amidst
those peaceful scenes which he had himself assist-
ed to make beautiful, and within hearing of that
ocean-anthem to which he always listened with
emotions of gratitude and joy. He died, too, con-
scious of the wonderful growth and prosperity and
glory of his native land. His eloquent prayer had
been answered—the prayer which he breathed forth
to Providence at the greatest era of his life, when
he stood side by sidp with Andrew Jackson, and
they both contended for what wns, in their belief,
the cause of the Constitution and the Union. I
pause, Mr. Speaker, at the combination of those
two names. Andrew Jackson and Daniel Web-
ster! Daniel Webster and Andrew Jackson!
With the clear intellect and glorious oratory of
the one, added to the intuitive sagacity and fate-
like will of the other, I will not ask what wrovg
is there which they could not successfully crush,
but what right is there, rather, which could with-
stand their united power. " When my eyes," he
said on that great occasion, " are turned to behold
' for the last time the sun in heaven, may I not see
'him shining on the broken and dishonored frog-
' ments of a once glorious Union; on States dis-
' severed, discordant, belligerent; on a land rent
' with civil feuds or drenched, it may be, with fra-
' ternal blood. Let their last feeble and lingering
' glance rather behold the gorgeous ensign of the
' Republic, now known and honored throughout
' the earth, still full high advanced, its arms and
'trophies streaming in their original luster, not a
' stripe erased or polluted, nor a single star ob-
' scured, bearing for its motto no such miserable
' interrogatory as ' What is ail this worth?'—nor
' those other words of delusion and folly,' Liberty
'first and Union afterwards'—but everywhere,
' spread all over in characters of living light, blaz-
' ing on all its ample folds, as they float over the
' sea and over the land, and in every wind under
' the whole heavens, that other sentiment, dear to
' every American heart, ' Liberty and Union, now
'and forever, one and inseparable." Sir, Mr.
Webster oullived the crisis of 1830, and saw his
country emerge in safety, also, from that later
tempest of sectional disturbance, whose waters
are even yet heaving with the swell of subdued,
but not exhausted passion. He left this nation
great, prosperous,and happy; nnd more than that,
he left* he Constitution and the Union in vigorous
existence, under whose genial influences all that
glory,and prosperity,and happiness, heknew, had
been achieved. To preserve Ihem, he had risked
what few men hare to risk—his reputation, his
good name, his cherished friendships; and if there
be any who doubt the wisdom of his 7th of March
speech, let them consider the value of these
treasures, and they will at least give him credit
for patriotism and sincerity. But 1 am unwilling,
Mr. Speaker, to dwell upon this portion of his
career. The fires of that crisis have subsided; but
their ashes are yet warm with recent strife. What
Mr. Webster did, and the other great men with
whom he labored, to extinguish those fires, has
gone into the keeping of history, and they have
found their best reward in the continued safety of
the Republic.
Our anxiety need not be for them. When the
mariner is out upon the ocean, and sees, one by
one, the lishts of heaven go out before the rising
storm, he does not ask what has become of those
lights, or whether they shall renew their luster, but
his inquiry is, what is to become of me, and how
am I to guide my bark in safety, after these natu-
ral pilots of the sky have disappeared. Yet, even
then, by consulting those calculations and direc-
tions, which wise and skillful men had prepared,
when the light did shine, and there was no tem-
pest raging upon the sea, he is enabled, it may
be, to grope his way in safety to his desired port.
And this, sir, is our consolation, upon occasions
like the present one. Jackson, and Calhoun, and
Clay, and Wright, and Polk, and Woodbury, and
Webster, are indeed no more; and if all that they
thought, and said, and did—their wise concep-
tions, and their heroic deeds, and their bright ex-
amples, were buried tcith them, how terribly
deepened would now be our sense of the nation's
loss, and how much less hopeful the prospects of
republican liberty. But it is not so. "A supe-
rior and commanding human intellect," (Mr.
Webster has himself told us.) "a truly ereat
' man, when Heaven vouchsafes so rare a gift, is
'not a temporary fl.une, burning brightly far a
' while, and then giving place to returning dark-
' ness. It is rathera spark of fervent hpat, as well
' as radiant light, with power to enkindle the com-
' raon mass of human mind; so that when it glim-
' mers in its own decay, and finally goes out in
' death, no night follows, but it leaves the world
' all light, all on fire, from the potent contact of
' i|p own spirit." Our great men do net wholly
