64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15.
die. All that they achieved worthy of remem-
brance survives them. They live in their record-
ed actions; they live in their bright examples;
they live in the respect and gratitude of mankind;
and thev live in that peculiar influence, by which
one single commanding thought, as it runs along
the electric chain of human affairs, sets in motion
still other thoughts and influences, in endless pro-
gression; and thus makes its author an active and
powerful agent in the events of life, long after his
mortal portion shall have crumbled in the tomb.
Let us thank God for this immortality of worth,
and rejoice in every example which is given to us
of what our nature is capable of accomplishing.
Let it teach us not despair but courage, and lead
us to follow in its light, at however great a distance
and with however unequal steps. This is the les-
son of wisdom, as well as of poetry.
Lives of great men all remind lis,
We can make our lives sublime;
And departing, leave behind us
Footprints on the sands of Time.
Footprints, that perhaps another
Sailing o'er life's solemn main ,
A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,
Seeing, may take heart again.
When God shall send his Angel to us, Mr.
Speaker, bearing the scroll of death, may we be
able to bow our heads to his mission, with as much
of gentleness and resignation as marked the last
hours of Daniel Webster!
Mr. PRESTON'. Mr. Speaker, I have been
requested, by some of the gentlemen who compose
the delegation from my State, to make some re-
marks upon the subject of the message and reso-
lutions received from the Senate, which have been
laid upon your table this morning, in relation to
the death of Mr. Webster. It was, in their opin-
ion, peculiarly appropriate that Kentucky—a State
so long associated with Massachusetts in political
sympathy, as well in reciprocal admiration enter-
tained for two of the most eminent men of their
day—should come forward and add her testimo-
nial to the esteem in which she held his life and
great public services, and the regret she expe-
rienced at the calamity which has befallen the
country. The mind naturally goes baek, in look-
ing over the great career of Daniel Webster, to
the period of his birth, seventy years ago. In the
northern part of the State of New Hampshire,
amid its mountain scenery, and beneath the roof
of his pioneer father, the future statesman first
drew the breath of life, and imbibed, amid that
wild scenery and those mountains, that freedom
of thought, that dignity, and that intellectual health
which left so indelible a mark upon his oratory
and public career in after life. No man has
earned a greater reputation, in the present time, in
forensic endeavor than Mr. Webster, nor any
whose reputation could challenge comparison,
unless it be one who was also born in a similar
obscure station of life, amid the marshes of Han-
over, and whose future led him to cross the sum-
mit of the Appalachian range with the great tide
of population which poured from Virginia upon
the fertile plains of Kentucky. Their destiny has
been useful, great, and brilliant. From that pe-
riod to this, these celebrated contemporaries have
been conspicuous in the career of public utility to
which they devoted their lives, and by their dig-
nified statesmanship have commanded not only
the respectof their several States, bat of the nation
and of mankind. For forty years they swayed
the councils of their country, and the same year
sees them consigned to the grave. The states-
man of Ashland died in this city, before the foliage
of summer was sere, and was sent, with the hon-
ors of his country, back to the resting-place which
he now occupies in the home of his early adop-
tion. The winds of autumn beat upon the stern
New England shores—the shores of Plymouth,
where the Pilgrim Fathers landed—and caught
up the expiring breath of Daniel Webster as he
terminated his life of honorable service. The
dirge that the night winds now utter through the
primeval forests of Ashland lament for one; the
surges of the wintry ocean, as they beat upon the
shores of Marshfield, are a fitting requiem to the
other.
There are two points of particular prominence
in the life of Webster to which 1 will allude. All
remember the celebrated struggle of 1830. The
greatest minds of the country, seeing the coAti-
tutional questions involved from different points j
of view, were embroiled in controversy. The j
darkest apprehensions were entertained. A gal- ,
lant and gifted Senator from South Carolina, with
a genius and fire characteristic of the land of his
birth, had expressed the views of his party with
great ability, and, as it was thought, with irresist-
ible eloquence. The eyes of the country were
directed to W ebster as the champion of the Con-
stitution and the Union. Crowds of beautiful
women and anxious men on that day thronged the
other wing of this Capitol. What patriotic heart
in the nation has yet forgotten that noble and
memorable reply? A deep and enthusiastic senti-
ment of admiration and respect thrilled through
the heart of the people, and even yet the triumph
of that son of New England is consecrated in the
memory of his countrymen. Subsequently the
Chief Magistrate of the Union, President Jackson,
announced opinions of a similar character in his
celebrated Proclamation, and men of all parties
felt that a new rampart had been erected for the
defense of the Constitution.
At a period more recent, within the remem-
brance of all, Daniel Webster again appeared in
another critical emergency that imperiled the safety
of the Republic. It was the 7th of March, 1850.
Excited by the territorial question, the spirit of
fanaticism broke forth with fearful violence from
the North. But it did not shake his undaunted
soul. He ^gazed with majestic serenity at the
storm, and sublime in his self-reliance, as Virgil
describes Mezentius, surrounded by his enemies,
" He, like a solid rock by seas inclosed,
To raging winds and roaring waves exposed,
From his proud summit looking down,disdains
Their empty clamor, aud unmoved remains."
A great portion of the fame of Daniel Webster
rests upon the events of that day, and his patriot-
ism having endured the tempest, his reputation
shone with fresh luster after it had passed. Clay
and Webster on that day stood linked hand-in-
hand, and averted the perils that menaced their
common country. In the last great act of their
lives in the Senate, they drew closer the bonds of
Union between the North and South, like those
lofty Cordilleras that, stretching along the Isthmus
of Panama, bind in indissoluble bonds Northern
and Southern America, and alike beat baek from
their rocky sides the fury of either ocean. These,
Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of the House, are the
memories that make us in our western homes re-
verence the names of Clay and Webster.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,]
in his eloquent tribute to the genius and fame of
Daniel W ebster, has chosen to apply to him the
remark by which Cicero characterizes Brutus—
" Quid quid vult, valde vtilt." If he will pardon
me, I think the description applied by the great
orator whom he has quoted to Gracchus, is more
striking: " Eloquentia quidem nescio an habuissel
parem: grandis est verbis, sapiens sentenliis, genere
toto gravis." If, however, a resemblance prevailed
in this respect between Caius Gracchus and Web-
ster, it did not in others. Gracchus, as we are
told, was the first Roman orator who turned his
back to the Capitol and his face to the people, the
popular orators of Rome, anterior to that time,
having always turned their faces to the Senate and
their backs to the Forum. Webster never sought
to subvert the judgment of the people by inflaming
their passions. His sphere was among men of
intellect. His power was irf convincing the minds
of the cultivated and intellectual, rather than by
fervid harangues to sway the ignorant or excite
the multitude. Clay—bold, brilliant, and splen-
did, rushing at results with that intuition of com-
mon sense that outstrips all the processes of logic—
always commanded the heart and directed the
action of his party. Webster seemed deficient in
some of these great qualities, as he surpassed him
in others. He appeared his natural auxiliary.
Clay, the most brilliant parliamentary leader, and
probably unequaled, save by the Earl of Chatham,
whom he resembled, swept with the velocity of a
charge of cavalry on the ranks of his opponents,
and often won the victory before others were pre-
pared for the encounter. Webster, with his array
of facts, his power of statement, and logical deduc-
tions, moved forward like the disciplined and ser-
ried infantry, with the measured tread of deliberate
resolution and irresistible power.
Daniel Webster is dead. He died without ever
having been elevated to the Presidency of the na- 1
tion. Camillus, the second founder of Rome,
never enjoyed the Consulate, but he was not less
illustrious because he was not rewarded by the
fasces and the consular purple. Before the luster
of Webster's renown a merely presidential reputa-
tion must grow pale. He has not only left a repu-
tation of unsurpassed splendor in the Senate, but
he will also pass down to posterity as the ablest
and most profound jurist of his day. As an ora-
tor, he had not, as has been correctly observed by
a Senator from New York, the vehemence of De-
mosthenes, nor the splendor of Cicero, but still
Daniel Webster was an orator—an orator marked
by the characteristics of the Teutonic race—bold,
massive, and replete with manly force and vigor.
His writings are marked by a deep philosophy
which will cause them to be read when the issues
that evoked them have passed away, and the
splendor of an imagination almost as rich as that
of Burke, will invest them with attractions alike
for the student and the man of letters.
We should not deplore the death of Webster.
It is true the star has shot from the sphere it illu-
minated, and is lost in the gloom of death, but he
sank full of years and honors, after he had reached
the verge of human life, and before his majestic
intellect was dimmed or his body bowed down by
old age. He did not sink into his grave, like
Marlborough, amid the mists of dotage, but he
went while his intellect was unclouded, and the
literary remembrances of his youth came throng-
ing to the dying bed of their votary. Napoleon,
when he was expiring at St. Helena, muttered dis-
connected words of command and battle, that
showed his turbulent character still struggled in
imaginary conflicts; but gentler spirits brought to
the death-bed of the statesman of Marshfield more
consoling memories as he murmured,
" The curfew tolls the knell of parting day
and all the tender and mournful beauties of that
inimitable elegy clustered around his soul.
But, sir, I will not venture to say more on this
theme. I have said thus much in the name of my
native State, to testify her veneration for worth,
patriotism, and departed greatness, and to add
with proper reverence a handful of earth to the
mound a nation raises to the memory of the gnat
Secretary, and to say, Peace be to the manes of
Daniel Webster.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I rise in support of the resolutions offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and in that con-
nection propose to submit a few remarks.
Sir, our great men are the common property of
the country. In the days of our prosperity we
boast of their genius and enterprise as they ad-
vance thegeneral weal. In the hour of a nation's
peril, the shadow of their great name is the gath-
ering point whither we all turn for guidance and
defense; and whether their laurels have been
gathered on the battle-field, in sustaining our rights
against hostile nations; in the halls of legislation,
devising and enacting those wise and beneficent
laws which, by developing the resources, instruct-
ing the mind, and directing the energies of thena-
tion, may be traced on the frame-work of society
long after their authors have ceased to exist; or
in the temple of justice, or the sacred desk, regu-
lating the jarring elements of civil life, and making
men happier and better, they are all parts of one
grand exhibition, showing through all coming
time what thf men of the present age and of our
nation have done for the elevation and advance-
ment of our race. To chronicle these results of
human effort, and to transmit them to future ages,
is the province of History. In her temple the
great and the good are embalmed. There they
may be seen and read by all those who in future
generations shall emulate their great deeds. Time,
whose constant flow is continually obliterating
and changing the physical and social relations of
all things, cannot efface the landmarks which
they have raised along the pathway of life. The
processes by which they attained the grand result,
and the associations by which they at the time
were surrounded, are unknown or forgotten, while
we contemplate the monuments which their genius
and heroism have raised.
Who that reads the story of the battle of Mar-
athon, by which the liberties of Athens were res-
cued from Persian despotism, stops to inquire to
what party in that Republic Miltiades belonged?
Who that listens to the thunders of Demosthenes,
