THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHINGTON, D. C
39b Covcun 1st StwoH.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 16. 1852.
New Sbric* No. 5.
as he moves all Greece to resist the common ene- :
my, attempts to trace hia political associations?
So it will be in the future of this Republic. The
battle of New Orleans will disclose Jackson, the
hero and the patriot, savin* his country from her
enemiea. The debates of the Senate Chamber
will exhibit Clay, Calhoun, and Webster, illus-
trating and defending the peat principles of our
Government by their lofty patriotism and elo-
quence. On neither picture will be observed what-
ever we of the present time may judge to have
aavored of the mere politician and the partisan.
We, from our near proximity, may see, or think
we see, the ill-ehapen Tucks, and the unseemly
caverns, which disfigure the sides of these mighty
Alpine peaks. Future ages will only descry their
•ver-gilded summits.
" Who, then, shall say that Fam
I* bM an empty name ?
When hut tor rti<**e, the mighty dead, ]
AH ««es p*fi. a Mank had twi*n—
Sunk in Oblivion's murky bed—
A deleft waste—a trackless M!
Tb « are Uie MMMnitsreea ftnaa for;
The lofty mark* of what hath Iwn ;
The guides «h«t poiut to Immortality."
Sir, f shall not attempt here to even briefly re-
view the public life or delineate the true character
of Daniel Webster. That public li'fevextending
through more than forty years of the growth and
progress of ourcountry, Will doubtless be sketched
by those of his compeers who have shared with
him in his public service. That character, ton,
will best be drawn by those intimate friends who
knew him best, and who enjoyed the most favor-
able opportunities for observing the operations of
his giant mind. .
In looking at what he has achieved, not only in
the fields of legislation, but in those of literature
and jurisprudence, I may say he has left a monu-
ment of his industry and genius of which his coun-
trymen may well be proud. His speeches in the
Senate and before the assemblies of the people, and
his arguments before our highest courts, token
together, form the most valuable contribution to
American literature, language, andoratory, which :
h has been the good fortune of any individual to
have yet made. Were I to attempt it, I should be
anable to determine on which of tbe varied scenes of
his labors his genius and talents stood preeminent; I
I can here only speak of his labors as a whole— j
they were the'result of great effort—grand in their
conception, effective in their execution, andperma- ;
ftent in their influences.
As a son of his native New England, I am 1
proud to refer back to the plain and unostenta-
tious manner*, the rigid discipline, and the early
and thorough mental training, to be found among
the yeomanry of that part of our country as con-
tributing primarily to the eminent success of Mr.
Webster, in the business of his life. Born, reared,
and educated among the grahite hills of New
Hampshire, although his attachments to the place
of his birth were strong to the last, vet, upon the
brood theater upon which he was called to act his
part as a public man, his sympathies and his pa- '
t riot ism were bounded only by the confines of the
whole Republic.
Although, in common with many of as,'I dif-
fered in opinion from the late Secretary of State
upon grave political questions, yet, with the great
mass of oar fellow-citizens, I acknowledge his
rttriotism, and the forte and abiliry with which
e sustained his own opinions. However we may
view those opinions, one thing will be conceded
by all: his feelings Were thoroughly American,
pnd his aim the g"od of his country. Fn his whole
aublic life, and by his greatest efforts as an ora-
tor, he has left deeply impressed on the American
mind one great truth never to be forgotten: the
pruaval'um of American liberty depends upon the sup-
port of the Constitution and the Union «jf the States.
To have thus linked his name indissolubly with the
perpetuity of our institutions is enough of glory
for any citizen of the Republic.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, the •elec-
tion of the present time to make special and official <'
reference to the death of Mr. Webster, may be I
5
regarded as fortunate and judicious. An earlier
moment would haveexposed our eulogies to those
exaggerations which, while they do justice in some
measure to the feelings whence they spring, are
no proofs of sound judgment in the utterer, nor
sources of honor to their lamented object. The
great departed owe little to the record of their
worth, which is made in the midst of sudden emo-
tions when the freshness of personal intercourse
mingles with recollections of public virtues, and
the object, observed through the tears of recent
sorrow, bears with it the prismatic hues which
distort its fair proportions, and hide that simplicity
which is the characteristic of true greatness. And
equally just is it to the dead whom we would honor,
and to our feelings which would promote that
honor, that we have not postponed the season to
a period when time would so have mitigated our
just regret as to direct our eulogies only to those
lofty points of Mr. Webster's character which
strike but from afar; which owe their distinction
less to their affinities with public sympathy, than
to their elevation above ordinary ascent, and ordi-
nary computation.
That distance, too, in a Government like ours,
is dangerous to a just homage to the distinguished
dead, however willing may be the survivor, for
smaller objects intervene, and by proximity hide
the proportions which we survey from afar, and
diminish that just appreciation which is necessary
to the honorable praise thai is to perpetuate pub-
lic fame.
Mr. Webster was a distinguished statesman,
tried, sir,in nearly all the various positions which
in our Government the civilian is called on to fill,
i and in all these places, tbe powers of a gifted mind,
! strengthened and improved by a practical educa-
tion, were the great means by which he achieved
1 success, and patriotism the motive of their devo-
tion. With all Mr. Webster's professional -great-
ness, with all his unrivaled powers in the Senate,
with his great distinction as a diplomatist, he was
; fond of credit as a scholar; and his attainments, if
i not of the kind which gives eminence to merely
j literary men, were such as gave richness and terse-
ness to his own composition, anil vigor and at-
traction to his conversation. His mind was
moulded to the strong conception of the Epic poet,
rather than the gentle phrase of the didactic, and
his preference for natural scenery seemed to partake
of his literary taste—it was for the strong, the ele-
vated , the grand. His childhood and youth joyed
in the rough sides of the mountains of New Hamp-
shire, and his age found a delightful repose on the
wild shores of Massachusetts bay. He was a
lover of nature, not in her holiday suit of field and
flower, but in those wild exhibitions of broken
coast, and isolated hills, that seem to stir the mind
into activity, and provoke it into emulation of the
grandeur with which it is surrounded. Yet, sir,
Mr. Webster had with him much of the gentleness
which gives beauty to social life, and dignity and
attraction to the domestic scene, just as the rugged
coast is often as placid as the gentlest lake, and
the summit of the roughest hill is frequently, bathed
in the softest sunlight, and clad in flowers of the
most delicate hues. Mr. Webster's person wns
strongly indicative of the character of his mind;
not formed for the lighter graces, but graceful in
the noblest uses of manhood; remarkable in the
siatelines8 of its movements, and dignified in the
magnificence of its repo-e. Mr. Webster could
scarcely pass unnoticed, even where unknown.
There was that in his mien which attracted atten-
tion,and awakened interest; and his head (whether
his countenance was lighted by a smile, such as
only he could give, or fixed by contemplation,
such as only he could indulge) seemed an
" Arched and ponderous roof,
By if* own weielit made tteadfant and immovable,
Looking tranquillity!"
With all Mr. Webster's lofty gifts and attain-
ments, he was ambitinvs. Toiling upwards from
the base of the political ladder, it is not to be
denied that he desired to Set bis foot upon the up-
most round. This could not have been a thirst for
power; nothing of a desire for the exercise of abso-
lute authority could have been in that aspiration;
for the1*only absolute power left (if any be left)
by the Constitution in the Executive of this nation
is " mkrct." In Mr. Webster it was the dis-
tinction which the place conferred, and the sphere
of usefulness it presented. He regarded it as the
crowning glory of his public life—a glory earned
by his devotion of unparalleled talents and unsur-
passed statesmanship. This ambition in Mr. Web-
ster was modesty. He could not see, as others
saw and felt, that no political elevation was neces-
sary to the completion of his fame or the distinc-
tion of his statesmanship. It was not for him to
understand that the last round of political prefer-
ment, honorable as it is, and made more honorable
by the luster which purity of motive, great talents,
and devoted patriotism, are now shedding down
upon it—he could not understand that prefer-
ment, honorable as it is, was unnecessary to him;
that it could add nothing to his political stature,'
nor enlarge the horizon of his comprehensive
views. It is the characteristic of men of true great-
ness, of exalted talents, to comprehend the nature
and power of the gifts they possess That, sir,
is an homage to God, who bestows them. But it
is also their misfortune to be dissatisfied with the
means and opportunities they have possessed to
exercise those gifts to great national purf oses.
This is merely distrust of themselves. The world,
•ir, comprehends the uses of the talents of great
statesmen, and gives them credit for their masterly
Cowers, without asking that those powers should,
e tried in every position in which public men may
be placed.
I see not In all the character, gifts, and attain-
ments of Mr. Webster, any illustration of the
British orator's exclamation, relative to " the
shadows which we are;" nor do I discover in the
splendid career and the aims of his lofty ambition ,
anything to prove " what shadows we pur ue."_
The life of such a man as Daniel "Webster is
one of solid greatness; and the objects hepursued
are worthy a being made in the image of God. A
life of honorable distinction, is a substantive and
permanent object. The good of man, and the true
glory and happiness of his country, are the sub-
stantial things, the record of which, generation
hands down to generation, inscribed with thename
of him that pursued them. I will not, sir, trespass .
on this House by any attempt to sketch the char-
acter, or narrate the services of Mr. Webster; too
many will have a share in this day's exercises to
allow one speaker so extensive a range. .It is
enough for me, if in obeying the indications of
others, 1 give to my effort the tone of respect with
which the statesman and the patriot, Webster,
was regarded, as well, by the nation at large as by
those whom I have the honor to represent on this
floor. And in the remarks of those whose means
of judging have been better than mine, will be
found his characteristics of social and domestic
life.
How keenly Mr. Webster relished the relaxa-
tions which public duties sometimes allowed, I had
an opportunty of judging; for he loved to call to
my recollections, scenery which had been familiar
to me in childhood, as it was lovely to him in age.
Though dying in office, Mr. Webster was permit-
ted to breathe his last in scenes made classical to
others by his uses, and dear to him by their min-
istrations to, and correspondence with his taste.
The good of his country undoubtedly occupied
the last moments of his ebbing life; but those mo-
ments wpre not disturbed by the immediate press-
ure of official duties; and in the dignity of domestic
quiet, he passed onward; and while at a distance
communities awaited in grief and awe the signal
of his departure, the deep diapason of the Atlantio
wave as it broke upon his own shore, was a fitting
j requiem for such a parting spirit.
! Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, remarked: T had been
sir, neatly two years a member of Congress before
I made Mr. Webster's acquaintance. Aboutthat
| time, a proceeding was instituted here, of a deli-
I cate character so far as he was Concerned, an4
I incidentally concerning an eminent constituent ana
