1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
f-nfr; no more, *s n«i period*, the head of the ,
(.'nvrfiiniriil; mi Bow*. *s we have rveemtv «■<•« ttieiu, '
*g*41tul vnmUe t>bj*,c a oi atlmmMiin nml regard. The y !
are no man. Thev are dead. Bhi how (Mile is there of
the gnat and f<«Hl Which run Uie ! To their country lliey
yd liv, and live iHre\t-r. Tfcev live in ail thai perp -ru.it> s
the mnnuknm ol' men on earth; iu the reroute.! p roots
ei tbnr gnti ae««i®s; in the otf priwt of ihew intellect; in
i he deep e**r**ed hne  of public gratitude, mm! iu the re-
«nrrtand tannage of mankind. Thi s live in their example;
and thev live, emphatic*!!*.*!*! will live, in the inrtuem-e
wUieh their t vw awl eflhr*.. flieir principles mid opinions,
WK etem*e, anal will comiihihi <• exerewe, on the affair*
ol men. n<>t unit 111 thesr country, but throughout tiie civil-
tied Bort.l- .\'*upm«r and commanding human intelli't,
a troll treat mill, when Heaven vm|i-li- ft-  «o ran- a Bill, is
am atrmporarv rtame, burning bright lor a while, and Ihen
eipinrar, giving place to wt«Niin ii!irkn-'<«. it i* rather a
(park 01 frrvem beat aa well a* radiant light, with power to
enkindle the common man of liuitmn mind; so that when
R ftunmern. in it* own «te -a\, and finally roe" nut in dealli,
•n uisht hat it leave* the world all light, all «n fire,
ftoaa the poteut etuilact of in own spml. Bucon died, hut
the human understanding, rouseii by the touch of his mirac-
ulous wand, to a perception of the true philosophy, and the
just nw«te of impiinng after truth, has kept on its course,
*t*ree**iutty and ^nnonly. Newton died, yet the course?
•I'llie spheres are .till known, mud they yet inove on in the
orbiu wliieb be mw, aud described for them ib the uioniij
•f apace."
Who cut hear theae words without feeing how
appropriate and applicable to the great American
statesman? To his country he "still lives," and
will ltve forever.
Mr. Speaker, I fear to go on. The thoughts
which are in my mind are not worthy of the great
subject. I bare read and heard aomuch from the
able, learned, and eloquent of our land in his
praise, I shrink front attempting to add anything
more.
Injustice to the feeling* of those I represent, I
Mt solicitous to east my pebble on the pile which
was erecting to his memory. They venerate his
memory not only for those services to which I
have referred, but also for his later exhibitions of
patriotism, in stemming; the torrent of temporary
excitement at home. The year 1852, Mr. Speak-
er, will long be memorable in the annals of our
country. In this year, three great lights of our
age and oar country have gone out. But a few
months since the voice of lamentation was heard
from the Atlantic to the Pacific shore, that Henry
Clay was no more. The sounds of sorrow had
scarcely died in oar ears, when inexorable Death,
striking with remorseless hand at the cottage of the
peasant, and the palace of the great—-Death, as if
to aesd tenor to our souls, by showing us that the
greatest in place and in genius are bat men, has
destroyed all that was mortal of Daniel Webster.
And even while we were celebrating his obse-
quies, the sagacious statesman, the wise counsel-
lor, the pore and upright man, John Sergeant, of
Pennsylvania, the man who more happily com-
bined theMuvtortit modo with the/ortiiertn re, than
any public man I have ever met with—the model
of that best of all characters, a Christian gentle-
man, always loving " whatsoever things are true,
honeal, just, lovely, and of good report," John
Sergeant is called to that beatific vision, reserved
for " the pure in heart."
Let it l e our pleasure, aa it will be our duty, to
teach those who come after us, to imitate the pri-
vate virtues, remember the public services, and
cherish the reputation of these illustrious men.
And while we do this, let us cherish, with ereat-
fiil remembrance and honest pride, the thought
that these great men were not only lovers of lib-
erty, friends of republican institutions, and patri-
ots devoted to the service of their country, but
that thev were, with sincere conviction, believers
in the Christian religion.
Without this pmise, the Corinthian column of
their characters would be deprived at once of the
chief ornaments of its capital, and the solidity of
its base.
1 fervently hope the lessons we have had of the
certainty of death will not be lost upon us. May
they make us 'ess fond of the pleasures of this
world, do rapidly pnsainr away. May they cause
those who are in high places of trust and honor,
to remember now in the days of health, manhood,
and prosperity, that—
" Tie bovt of heraldry, the pomp of power,
And all that beauty, all tint wealth e'er gave,
Awnt alike the inevitable hoar.
The path* of glory lead but lo the (rave.'?
Mr. TAYLOR said: In the Congress of 1799,
Mr. Speaker, when the announcement of the death
of General Washington was made in this body,
appropriate resolutions were p issed to express the I
hish appreciation of the Representatives of the peo-
ple, of the preeminent public services of the Father i
of his Country, ami their profound grief for their
loss. His death was considered a great national
calamity, mid, in the beautiful anil appropriate
language of General Henry Lee, who prepared
the resolutions introduced by John Marshall, he
was proclaimed as having been "First in war, first
in peace, and first in the hearts of his fellow-citi-
zens." The whole nation cordially responded to
that sentiment, anil from that day to this, the high
eulogiuni has been adopted by the people of the
United States of America, as the just and ex-
pressive tribute to the greatest man, take him all
m all, that our country had then, or has since pro-
duced. Time rolled on; and the sentiment of his
own country has, of late years, become the intelli-
gent opinion of the whole world. And in proof of
this, I might cite, among others, the deliberately-
recorded opinions of tlie late Premier Guizot, of
France, and the great though eccentric writer and
statesman, Brougham, of England, men of vast
celebrity.
Our country, then in its infancy, has grown up,'
in a little more than half a century, to be the first
Republic in the- world, having increased from
three or four millions to nearly twenty-fire millions
of inhabitants, and extending from the Atlantic to
the Pacific ocean. During the present year the
nation has been called upon to mourn the death of
two of her most distinguished citizens—two men,
born since the establishment of our independence,
cradled in the Revolution, and brought up, as it
were, at the feet of the fathers of the Republic,
whose long public career has attracted to them,
and all that concerned them, more than to any
other9, the admiration, the gratitude, and the hope,
of the whole people. These men—Henry Clay
and Daniel Webster—have both been gathered to
their fathers during the present year. When,
during our last session, the official announcement
was made in this House of the death of Henry
. Clay, 1 listened, with heart-felt sympathy, to the
eloquent and beautiful eulogies then pronounced
upon his character, and felt in the fullness of my
heart the truest grief. As one of the represent-
atives of the great and prosperous State of Ohio
on this floor, I desired then to mingle my humble
'J voice with those who eagerly sought to honor his
I memory. But no opportunity was afforded me,
I, and I could only join with meekness of spirit and
i, a bowed mind in the appropriate funeral honors
1 which were rendered to the illustrious dead by
Congress. And I only now desire to say that no
State in this Union—not even his own beloved
Kentucky—more deeply felt the great loss which,
in the death of Mr. Clay, the nation had sustained,
than the State of Oflio; and the public meetings of
her citizens, without distinction of party, in the
city in which I reside, and many other parts of the
Stale, expressed, in appropriate and feeling terras,
their high estimate of his great public services,
and their profound grief for his death.
And now, sir, since the adjournment of Con-
gress, at its last session, he who cooperated with
Mr. Clay in the Legislative and Executive De-
partments, at various times, for nearly forty years,
and to whom, with his great compatriot, more
than to any others, the people looked for counsel,
and for security and peace—he too has paid the
debt of nature, and will never more be seen
amongst men. The formal announcement in this
body of the death of Daniel Webster, has elicited
just and eloquent tributes to his memory, and
brings freshly to our view the beautiful traits of
his private character, and his great and long-con-
tinued public services in the Senate and in the
Executive Departments of the Government. In
all that is said in commendation of the private
virtue* and preeminent public services of Daniel
Webster, I neartily concur; and I wish, sir, that
I could find words sufficiently strong and appro-
priate to express what, in my judgment, were the
great claims of these two eminent men upon the
admiration and upon the gratitude of their coun-
, trymen. They were in many respects exemplars
for the young men of our country. Born, with-
1 outany of the advnnfages conferred sometimes
by health and position; in humble life struggling
, with adversities in their earlier years; triumphing
! over all obstacles by their native strength of in-
i tellect, by their genius, and by their persevering
I industry and great energy, they placed themselves
in the very first rank of American statesmen, and
for more than forty years were the great leaders of
the American mind, and amongst the brightest
guttrtlmns ol their common country.
Sir, it was my good fortune to have known, for
many years, both these great pfttriots,and to have *
enjoyed their friendship; and I think 1 butexpress
the general sentiment of the intelligent people of
this great country when I say, that our country is,
in a very large degree, indebted to them for its
present unexampled prosperity; for its peace and
domestic hapniness; and for its acknowledged
power and high renown all over the world. In
my judgment, the words of the National Legisla-
ture, so beautifully and aptly embodying the true
character of the Father oi' his Country, were not
more appropriately uttered then in reference to
him than they might be applied now, so far as
relates to the civil uffairs and action of our Gov-
ernment within the last forty years, to Henry Clay
and Daniel Webster; and it may be properly said
of them, thut within that title they have be n,
emphatically, "First in war, first in peace, and
first in the hearts of their fellow-oitizens." But,
sir, the great men of a country must die; and if
the great men of a country are preeminently good
men, their loss is the more severely felt. Nothing
human is perfect; and I am far from believing,
much less from asserting, that the eminent men of
whom I have spoken were withoutdefects of char-
acter. But I believe their virtues so far outweighed
the imperfections of their nature, that to dwell
upon such defects, on this occasion, would be as
unprofitable and futile,as to object to the light, and
heat, and blessings of the glorious sun, guided by
the Omnipotent hand, because an occasional
shadow t r spot may be seen on his disk. These
guardians of our country have passed away, but
their works and good examples are left for our
guidance, and are part of the lasting and valued
possessions of this nation. And, Mr. Speaker—
" When the bright guardian* of a country die,
The grateful tear in tendemera will start;
And the keen anguish of a red'niuft eye,
DUdoee the deep afflictions of the heart.'1
The question was put, and the resolutions were
unanimously adopted; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
I NOTrCE OF A BILL.
I Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, gave notice that be would on
| to-morrow, or gome subsequent day, ask leave to intro-
j duce "A bill refunding or paying to the State of Indi-
i nna the amount of money expended and paid out by said
, Slate i i selecting and locating the swamp lands granted to
her by the provisions of the act entitled ' An act to enable
the State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp
lands within their limits,' approved September 28,1850.'''
PETITIONS, fcc.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. HAMILTON: The memorial of G. B. Post, Ed-
ward Conner, and a large number of other residents of tlie
State of California, for the distribution of copies of the
; memoir, maps, and charts prepared from tile curveys of
Captain Ringgold, of the Navy, among their sea-faring and
other fellow citizens.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of R. W. Cushnian,
praying compensation for pertnrmiit? the duties of acting
purser of the United Slates ship Gern.antown.
Also, the petition of William Emmons, jr., asking for the
extension of his patent lor a cylindrical planing machine.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition nf 136 citizens of Mis-
souri, for a post road from Spanish Prairie, in Crawford
county, to Iberia, in Miller county, Missouri.
IN SENATE.
Thbbsdat, December 16, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. ATCHISON again took the chair at the
requestof thePresident pro tem., whose letter waa
read, and with the concurrence of the Senate.
PETITIONS. ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizen*
of Rochester, New York, praying that the bill
giving further remedies to patentees may become
a law; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of James
Robertson, praying indemnity for his arrest and
false imprisonment by order of the Vice Presi-
dentof the United States, on the 6th of December,
1849; which was referred to the. Committee to
I Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
