68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
Mr. MASON presented (he memorial of It. W.
Meade, administrntorof Richard W. Meade, pray-
ing the payment of a debt against Spain for which
the United States became responsible under the
treaty with that Government of February 20, 1818;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Rehtions.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of Mary
Perry, praying to be allowed seven years'half
pav. in consideration of the services of her father,
Michael Watson, in the revolutionary war; which
vis referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, a memorial of the Charleston Chamber of
Commerce, praying a further appropriation for
deepening the barat the mouth of Charleston har-
bor; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of F. W.
Moores and others, masters in the Navy not in
the line of promotion, asking an increase of com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of the
son and heir of Edward Rudd, praying compen-
sation for slaves carried off by the enemy during
the last war with Great Britain; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of R. S.
Patterson and others, praying; a charter for a rail-
road in the District of Columbia; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
paper withdrawn and referred.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas S. F. Johnson, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
report from a standing committee.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
petition of Selina C. Sumner, reported in favor of
printing the petition; which was agreed to.
banking in the district of columbia.
The bill to prevent unauthorized banking in the ,
District of Columbia was read a second time, and, ■
on motion by Mr. ADAMS, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia. '
land office report. ,!
Mr. FELCH. I desire to offer a resolution,
which I ask may be considered at this time. Jt is
the usual resolution providing for the printing a
number of copies of the Land Office report for the
use of that office. It is as follows:
Resolved, That 1,000 extra copie? of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, transmitted to
tlie Senate with the annual mes>ase of the President, to-
gether with the report* of Hie Surveyors General accotrpa-
jiving the same, be printed for the use of the General Land
Office.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded <
to consider the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. Before the question is put, I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to this
resolution. A resolution of a somewhat similar
character was submitted yesterday by the Senator
from Texas, and adopted by the Senate. I offered
no objection to that, and I do not know that I shall
finally offer any objection to this; but the tendency
of it is to put the printing of all the Departments
upon the contingent fuml of the Senate. I think
our contingent fund has printing enough to bear
now. Yesterday a resolution was adopted author- *
rang the printing of one thousand copies of the an-
nual document for the Indian Department. Now
comes the Land Office; and my colleague tells me
that it has been suggested to him by those inter-
ested, that there should be an appropriation made
forjprinting something from the Navy Department-
and so comes in the printing of all the Depart-
ments and Bureaus. I think it is a matter which
the Senate should well consider, whether they will :
tax the contingent fund for the printing for all the
Departments.
Mr. BORLA ND. I would agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine, if the money to pay for this
printing came out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, but I am under the impression that he is
totally mistaken in regard to this matter. I do not
think that the money will have to be paid out of
the contingent fund. I understand that there is
an appropriation already made for the payment of
printing to be done for the Departments and either ;
House of Congress; and hence, my impression is,
that the money does not now come out of the con-
tingent fund.
Mr. HUNTER. The objection raised by the
Senator from Maine did not strike me until he
suggested it; but it seems to me that he is right,
and that it would be better to make this a joint
resolution. It is true that there is an appropria-
tion for printing which is done by law; but this
printing is proposed to be done simply by order
of the Senate alone; and therefore it would have
to be paid for out of our contingent fund. We
cannot appropriate, generally, without the con-
sent of the House, and also the Executive. I be-
lieve, therefore, that this printing will have to be
paid for out of the contingent fund of the Senate,
which, as the Senator from Maine says, is already
sufficiently saddled. I believS the course I have
suggested would lead to no practical difficulty; for
f imagine we could pass a joint resolution, and if
we sent it to
immediately.
v a
we sent it to the House, tliey could act upon it
Mr. FELCH. Accordingto the ordinary course
of things, this resolution should go to the Commit-
tee on Printing; but as it was the usual resolution
which has been introduced every year, for the pur-
pose of getting the printing of this document
by itself, 1 supposed that it would not be neces-'
sary to refer it to that committee at the present
time. I do not understand that the amount does
come out of the contingent fund of the Senate, but
I may be mistaken. I wish, however, to say
merely that the expense of printing the document
will be perhaps $150, or something like that.
I make the motion now for this reason: If we
wait until we can pass a joint resolution through
the Senate and the House, to obtain the printing
of this document, it will be impossible for us to
get it without a resetting of the types. It is part
of the President's message and accompanying
documents; and instead of sending the entire set
to that Department to distribute to the various
land offices through the country, and to the Sur-
veyors General, we propose to take a single part
of the message and documents which are now in
type, embracing only the document pertaining to
the Land Office, to be printed by itself, and stitched
by itself, thus diminishing the expense. If we
take the course suggested by the Senator from
Virginia, I fear we shall have to pay for the re- !
setting of the types. It will be much cheaper to i
have the document printed by itself.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 will concur most cheerfully
with the Senator from Michigan in saving any
expense in printing this or any other document
that may be printed; but the argument he makes
applies to every other part and parcel of the mes-
sage and accompanying documents. The Navy
Department, the Treasury D^artment, the State
Department, and every other Department, which
may desire certain portions of the documents ema-
nating from their department or bureaus, will come
in with precisely the same argument which is now
used. I would suggest to the Senator from Mich-
igan the propriety of either referring this resolu-
tion to the Committee on Printing, or allowing it i
to lie over until to-morrow morning, so that we
can look into it. I only desire to obviate the ob-
jection raised, so that it shall not be made a charge
on the contingent fund of the Senate. If that can
be obviated, I shall make no objection; but if the
money is to come out of the contingent fund, I
think the resolution ought to be objected to by the
Senate. I hope, therefore, the Senator will take
one course or the other.
Mr. FELCH. I prefer that the resolution
should be referred to the Committee on Printing,
and I make that motion. .
The motion was agreed to. I
hunter's directory. j
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to offer the following
resolution, and I ask that it may be considered at
this time:
Retolced,That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
P',™'ur.e-> r°r ",e us* of the Senate, two hundred copies of
the W ashington City and Georgetown Directory, prepared i
By Alfred Hunter, and now in process of completion: nro- 1
vided the price shall not exceed #150 per copy. j
I understand that this gentleman is preparing I
a very excellent Directory of Washington .and
Georgetown, a thing whicn has never before been
prepared, and that he can only accomplish it by
subscription. The object of this resolution is to !i
obtain some assistance in furtherance of his object, ii
I; 1 have mentioned in the resolution, two hundred
! copies. Ferhapsthat will be more than sufficient.
1 There ought to be one for each Senator, and soma
of the officers of the Senate should be furnished
with them. I cannot say exactly what number
ought to be subscribed for—perhaps one hundred
and fifty would be sufficient, but I have inserted in
the resolution " two hundred." I am, however,
willing to receive suggestions from any quarter, as
to the proper number. If there is no objection, I
would like to have the resolution passed tiiis morn-
ing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution at
this time.
Mr. RUSK. I am rather apprehensive that it
will lead to debate, and I would suggest to the
honorable Senator the propriety of allowing it to
lie over till to-morrow. From an observation
which I have heard, 1 think it probable that this
resolution will lead to debate. There is a resolu-
tion lying on the table which I would like to have
acted upon this morning, and hence, 1 hope the
honorable Senator wi
give way.
Mr. SHIELDS. If it gives rise to debate, I
shall consent to its postponement.
Mr. RUSK. Well, ( make no objection.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Tnen the ques-
tion will be on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend it by
striking out " two hundred," and inserting " one
hundred." I will state that the subject was
brought before the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate by the Sec-
retary of the body, and that committee decided
that we would takeone hundred copies. We sup-
posed that that number would be amply sufficient
for the use of the Senate. I hope my friend from
Illinois will accept the modification.
Mr. SHIELDS. The designation of the num-
ber in the resolution was rather at random. I
stated before that I did not know the exact number
that would be necessary. As the Committee on
Contingent Expenses have examined the question,
they are better qualified to judge than I am; and
therefore I accept the amendment.
The resolution us modified was adopted.
major samuel ringgold.
j Mr. SHIELDS, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice not having been given, obtained leave
to introduce a joint resolution, directing a sword to
be presented to the nearest male relative of Major
Samuel Ringgold, late of the United States Army;
which was read a first time and ordered to the
second reading.
It proposes to request the President of the United
States to present a sword to the nearest male rela-
tive of Major Samuel Bjinggold, who was slain in
the command of the light artillery in the glorious
battle of Palo Alto, the first in the war with Mex-
ico, and to communicate to him and the family of
the deceased the deep regret felt by Congress for
the loss of that gallant and accomplished officer. ■
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, my prede-
cessor in the chairmanship of the Committee on
Military Affairs brought in that resolution a few
years ago, and it then passed the Senate unani-
mously, but was lost for want of time in the
House. I understand that Major Ringgold's
brother, to whom it is designed that this sword
shall be given, is about to leave the United States
on a voyage to some distant country, and his
friends are very anxious that if it be given at all,
he should receive it before he leaves. The meas-
ure originated not with me, but with the late Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Colonel Davis,] while he
was at the head of the committee; and therefore
I thought it my duty to bring it forward again. I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate that it
may now be read a second time.
Mr. CASS. I do not intend to object to the
second reading of the resolution, for I know noth-
ing about it; but I think it will be better to let it lie
over for a day or two until we can inquire into the
subject. I know nothing of the facts. It is five
years since the event took place; and this idea of
expressing national grief five years after the death
of the person, it seems to me, would require some-
thing particular to justify it; still, I have not the
slightest objection if it can be justified.
_ Mr. JAMES. I hope my honorable friend will
give way and allow the resolution to pass. I have
examined into the facts, and 1 think there is nota
