70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 16,
source from which it does, considering the dis-
tinguished position which the honorable Squalor
from Connecticut has heretofore held as the law-
officer of the Government, it must be regarded us
the judicial view taken by the healthy organiza-
tion "which he represents, and as such 1 shall con-
sider it.
I am sorry that we are so destitute of precedents
oil such a question. Since it was started I have
looked through such authors as I ci uld command
that would be calculated to throw light upon the
questions, and I cannot find that even in the vagaries
of poetry the thins: has ever been started or dis-
cussed. I have endeavored to go back in my
own recollection, and leaving the living world to
go to the realms of sleep; but 1 confess, sir, that
when reason lets go the rein, and the wildest va-
garies of an unbridled imagination have run
through my thoughts, the idea never presented it-
self, whether a dead man could resign. But 1 do
not believe that, practically, the question requires
decision at this time. I do not believe there are
any dead men who will hereafter undertake to re-
sign; and I think that until the case is presented,
it is not worth while to waste our ingenuity in
speculating upon such, to say the least, an improb-
able occurrence. But let that go. Content for
one to rest upon the assurance of Revelation that
there is no " device" in the grave—and this must
be adeviceif it is anything—I let that question go.
Now I leave the land of the dead and come to the
land of the living, and I shall endeavor to discuss
this question as it presents itself in my mind.
Mr. Clay, on the 17th of December last, did
something, or thought he did something. What
did he do? That is what I propose to ask. What
did Mr. Clay do? He was living on the 17th of
December, 1851, and then he undertook to do
something, and he thought that he did something.
What did he do? Did he notify the government
of Kentucky that he meant at a future day to re-
sign' No, sir. If that was the effect of what he
did, it was not what he supposed he was doing.
Mr. Clay says: " I do therefore hereby resign."
He said in substance, By the affixing of my hand
to this paper, I do resign the office of a Senator of
the United States from the State of Kentucky. He
signed the paperand sent it to the power to which
it appropriately belonged to accept a resignation—
to the General Assembly of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. They took it—they received it as
a resignation; because 1 find on the same page of
the Journal on which is recorded the letter of Mr.
Clay, a resolution that " on Monday,the 29th in-
' stant, the two Houses will, by joint ballot, pro-
■ ceed to elect a Sena.tor in Congress to fill the
'vacancy occasioned by the resignation of the
' Hon. Henry Clay." Mr. Clay thought he had
resigned, the General Assembly of Kentucky
thought he had resigned, and the Governor
thought he had resigned; but the Senator from
Connecticut says he did no such thing. He says
he did not resign.
It is an easy way of disposing of such a solemn
instrument as this, to say that it is utterly void.
That is the conclusion to which the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut comes. He says that, "as
' it wns to take effect at that time, and not before,
'it appears to me that it was entirely void, entirely
•inoperative." And further he says: "I think,
' therefore, that there was no resignation; that his
'contemplated resignation never took effect; that
' the vacancy never occurred by reason of that res-
ignation." And then the Senator says: "I do
' not doubt that when he transmitted that resigna-
'tion, before the arduous duties of that session,
' he presented it under the belief, if I may so say,
' the fundamental belief, that his life would con-
' tinue to that period—requiring that act in order
• to vacate the office." That goes to the expecta- !
tion of Mr. Clay. [ read the matter differently. '
It is worth while, if the intention of parties are
■worth anything, to look at the condition of things
at that time for a moment. What was it? Mr. !
Clay was already.an old man, a very old man!
The three score years and ten, marking the ordi-
nary period of human, life, had already elapsed;
and a quarter of a score was even added to that
He was seventy-five years old. The feebleness of
old age and the infirmities of disease were already
upon him, and he felt, as he well might feel, that
the sands of his life had well-nigh run out. What
were the reflections that came thronging upon him
at that momentous hour of his existence? What
did he desire to do ? It seems to me the most natu-
ral thing on earth was that which he did do. Mr.
Clay had been long, ami favorably, and honorably
known as a member of the Senate of the United
Slates. It was the theater of his fame, the scene
ot his renown, and the place of his affections.
Here were friends, sir, with whom he had, through
a long life, weathered the storms of political con-
tests m years and scenes which had long before
transpired, and which existed only in memory and
in history. Mr. Clay felt that for him the active
duties of his senatorial career were over, and that
the period of his existence was well-nigh at an
end; and it was the most natural thought of his
heart that the two should expire together. He
felt that he was here to die, away from his home;
away from the wife of his bosom and the children
of his love; away from the neighbors with whom,
in the ordinary transactions of daily life, he had
exchanged the courtesies and the offices of friend-
ship. He felt that he was about to go down to
the dark valley of the shadow of death alone,
without the hand or the eye of affection about him;
and he turns to whom? He turns to his fellow-
Senators, to his comrades, to his companions here.
He holds out his right hand, and says, by this sol-
emn act of his, "I am about to go down to the
valley of the shadow of death; but, fellow-Sen-
ators, I want to hold on to my connection with
the Senate until that day arrives; I want to go
into th^t valley fresh from the recollections and
associations of my senatorial life; and I want,
even in the hour of dissolution, to feel that, if
my family are not about me, my brethren are.
My desire is that I may die an American Sena-
tor, the very character in which I have achieved
my fame, and done my duty to my country."
It was therefore that Mr. Clay, acting upon
this idea, and having this desire, fixed the period
when his resignation was to take effect so far in
the future, that so far as human sagacity could
foresee, he would be no longer in the land of the
living. Sir, it was a most beautiful and most
touching trait in the character of Mr. Clay that he
desired thus to hold on to his connection with the
Senate to the very moment when he died; and it
seems to me that if the Senate reject the proffered '
token of his affection and his esteem, which he thus
tendered to them, by saying that the act was null
and void, it would be a poor and cold return for j
the affection which he tendered to them as he |
stepped away from this theater of his labors. ]
Now, that was the intention of Mr. Clay. The
honorable Senator from Connecticut says, " I
1 doubt not that the incumbent himself acted upon
' that idea. I doubt not that when be transmitted
' that resignation, before the arduous labors of that
' session, he presented it under the belief, if 1 may
'so say, the fundamental belief, that his life would
' continue to that period, requiring that act in order
' to vacate the office."
I read it just exactly the other way. I take it to
be settled, as far as any proposition can be settled,
upon reasonable probabilities that M r. Clay thought
that when the first Monday in September should
arrive, he would not be in the land of the living.
I saw Mr. Clay a few times during his last sick-
ness, and I happened to be in his room in the
month of December. He was speaking of his
health, and he remarked that some physician had
endeavored to flatter him that his complaint was
not a pulmonary one, that his lungs were not per-
manently affected, and that in the warm weather
of spring he would recruit. But, said he, with a
good deal of feeling, "what right have I to expect
to live? I am an old man. I have already lived
longer than the ordinary period of human life.
Providence has been remarkably kind to me in
prolonging my life thus far, and what right have
I to expect to be exempt from the lot which all
old men must suffer."
No, sir, I believe Mr. Clay expected, beyond
the possibility of mistake, that when the first Mon-
day in September should arrive, he would be no
■longer in the land of the living. Well, what did
he do? He says that he resigns. But the Sena-
tor from Connecticut says that he resigned with a 1
condition, and that the condition was one which
he had no right to fix; and that it being fixed upon
the idea of his living to that time, and he not living
to that time, the condition was inoperative, for he
had no right to fix it. Suppose, for the sake of
the argument, he had no right to fix it, or to make
any limitation at all, what then? You have an J
t unqualified resignation. The Senator from Con-
necticut sees the force of that; because he says,
when speaking of the commission of Mr. Meri-
wether, that the clause which limits the term of
Mr. Meriwether to the first Monday of Septem-
ber, was inserted by the Governor without con-
stitutional authority, and therefore it is a nullity.
Well, then, if the condition ot the commission "is
a nullity, and the commission good, why is not
the condition in Mr. Clay's resignation a nullity,
and the resignation good immediately ? Unques-
tionably it is good, if the Senator is correct in the
construction which heputs upon Mr. Meriwether's
commission, that the Governor's fixing a condition
, which he had no rightto fix, made the condition a
nullity, while the commission remained good, then
the condition which Mr Clay undertook to fix, is
a nullity, and the resignation is a resignation in
prestnti, and not in fuluro. This I understand to
be the principle of common law: that if a man
makes a deed which he has an undoubted right to
make, and does it in clear and explicit terms, so
that there can be no mistake about it, and then un-
dertakes to fix a condition inconsistent with the
grant, that condition does not nullify the deed or
grant, but the condition is null while the deed or
grant is good; and so is the reservation. That is
an established principle of law. Suppose Mr.
Clay had made a resignation to this effect; sup-
pose he had said to the Legislature of Kentucky—
" I hereby resign the office of Senator, reserving
to myself, of all the privileges and immunities of
a Senator, the franking privilege." Would theres-
ervation nullify the resignation, or would the res-
ervation be a nullity, and the resignation good ? If
there is anything like an analogy in cases of this
sort, it seems to me that if you construe the one so
that Mr. Clay had no right to fix a condition, then
it was a resignation in presenti, occurring while
the Legislature was in session; and they having
seen fit to elect Mr. Dixon, he is beyond contro-
versy entitled to a seat in the Senate.
But it may be said, that the Legislature did not
elect Mr. Dixon with a view to have his term com-
mence in jrresenti, but in futuro. Had they not
a perfect right to do that? Suppose Mr. Clay had
fixed no condition, but had resigned from that mo-
ment, and the Legislature of Kentucky had said,
" Mr. Clay is about to close his long and honor-
able career; he has resigned his office as Senator of
the United States; but he is at Washington, he is
sick, he will not live long, at all events the first
Monday of September will find him in his grave;"
and consequently, the Legislature refrain from
filling up the vacancy until such time that they
have reason in all probability to suppose he will be
no longer in the land of the living. Could they not
do that? Could they not elect Mr. Dixon, whose
term should commence on the first Monday of
September, notwithstanding it was a resignation
in presenti ? There is nothing in the Constitution
to limit them in that respect, nor anything in the
Constitution to qualify their power. The Legis-
lature were not bound to elect at all, and being not
bound to elect unless they chose, they might elect
to have the service of the person elected commence
on the first Monday in September,orat any other
time.
Now, with all my respect for the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, for his great learning
and legal acumen, I beg leave to suggest—and I
think 1 shall have the assent of the honorable mem-
ber from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker]—that he is
mistaken in his reading of the Constitution, where
it speaks of the power of the Governor to appoint
when there is a vacancy. He construes the Con-
stitution to mean that the Governor shall ap-
point, and the appointment shall run, if the term
runs so long, until the next meeting of the Legis-
latiue.
I beg leave to say that is not the reading of the
Constitution. That has never been the practical
construction put upon the Constitution by this
body, in any solitary instance. The word " until,"
does not qualify the appointment, but the power
of the Governor to make the appointment. The
Governor may make appointments until the next
meeting of the Legislature, to fill any vacancy.
That is, the power of the Governor to make ap-
pointments to fill vacancies occurring during the
recess of the Legislature is full and complete. I
will read it.sir:
''And if vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise,
during the reccss of the Legislature of any State, the Ex-
