1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
«cntive rtereof may makn tvmpomrr appointments until
the next meeting uf the Uegislautre." j
That is, the power to make appointments con- j
tinues until the Legislature meets, and then termin- i
ates. It does not quality the appointments, but the
power to appoint; and it has been the uniform
practice of the Senate to give the word that con-
struction. Was there ever a case where a Senator,
holding a seat here under the appointment of the
Governor of ilia State, vacated his seat just as soon
as the Legislature thereof assembled ? No, sir. I
remember a case in the last Congress—that of the
Hon. Mr. Winthrop, of Massachusetts, holding
a plaee by the appointment of the Governor. That
case was brought to the consideration of the Senate
by Mr. Winthrop, and I remember that 1 sug-
gested this same view at that time, and the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] did
me the honor to pronounce the same opinion, not
knowing that it had fallen from so humble an in-
dividual as myself on the preceding day; and I
think the honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Bctler)concurred in the opinion, which was
reported in the Globe at that time. I am informed
by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brooke]
that the same was true in the case of Mr. McRae.
The word " until" was then construed to qualify
the time during which the Governor might ap-
point, and not the time during which the person
appointed was to continue in office. He was to
hold the office until the Legislature had chosen to
exercise their power.
There is another clause of the Constitution
which throws light upon this subject. It is that
clause whieh relates to the appointing power of
the President. It say :
"The President shall have power to All up all vacancies
that may happen dnring the recess of the Senate, by grant
ing commissions which shall expire at the end of their next
session."
The limitation there is upon the commission,
showing that the framers of the Constitution un-
derstood the difference between the power to make
appointments and the tenure of the commission;
and that when it is necessary, they thus discrim-
inate. In this case, where they say the Governor
may make appointments until the next meeting of
the Legislature, they fail to limit; but in the other
case of appointments by the President, they not
only limit the power, but the time for which the
commission shall run. It seems to me, then, upon
this subject, the practice of the Senate and the lan-
guage of the Constitution are clear and imperative;
and that the word "until" does not qualify the
time the appointment is to run, but simply the
power of the Governor to make appointments.
What then ? If that be the feet, a vacancy oc-
curred on the 29th of June, the day on which Mr.
Clay expired.
What does the Governor do? Does he under-
take to assume that the power to make the ap-
pointment runs beyond the time that has already
been fixed by the Legislature? No, sir; but in
the commission which he gives to Mr. Meri-
wether, he limits the time to that portion of the
term which would exist, provided Mr. Clay had
power to resign the way he did. If ever these
questions were to have been presented to us, they
should have been raised when Mr. Meriwether
came here with that commission. If the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky had simply said, " I hereby
authorize you to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the death of Mr. Clay," and stopped there, it
would have been for the Senate to decide it. But
he did not stop there; he qualified his own power.
He did not undertake to appoint, if he had the
power, beyond the first Monday of September.
Up to that period there was a clear and undis-
puted vacancy. The honorable Senator suggests
a number of esses which can only exist in imagin-
ation. He supposes the case of a man being
elected for six years who resigns the last year,
when the Legislature appoints; then the appointee
resigns the fifth year, and aQother appointment is
made, and he resigns the fourth year, and so on.
But it so happens in the actual condition of things
by which we are surrounded, that there is no
Legislature in the United States that continues
more than two years, and I have never heard of a
Legislature of any State undertaking to make an
election to ah office which was to commence in a
period when their own political existence would
nave terminated!
I think the subject entirely destitute of any ques-
tions of that sort, as of the one whether a dead
man can resign. No Legislature ever made such
an attempt as has been imagined, and I trust
j never will. Therefore, the case exists only in
imagination, and can by no possibility exist in
reality. It is well suggested by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] that the thing is
too absurd ever to be thought of; and if the idea
Were tolerated that the Legislature might elect a
Senator whose term was to commence after the
termination of their own political existence, they
might elect for one hundred years in perpetuity.
It has never been done. Such an attempt has-
never been made, and never will be made; and
therefore, it is an evil which exists only in fancy,
. and need not disturb the deliberations of the Sen-
. ate on this question.
It seems to me that this is the whole case. I do
not say that I can, by any argument, elucidate it
so as to convince the minds of Senators. I have
given up all idea of undertaking to convince any
body, or of shedding; light, though I confess I had
light shed on my mind yesterday by the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Connecticut. But
I do not aspire to anything of that sort; I simply
wish to state, here in my place, the reasons which
influence me. I want to express with all the de-
> cision I can feel—with all the deference I entertain
1 to other gentlemen—my conviction, that by no
possibility, by none of the insinuations of sophis-
' try even, can a doubt in my mind be thrown over
the right of Mr. Dixon to a seat in the Senate.
But, sir, having said that, I do not undertake to
1 say that others will not doubt, because I know it
1 is so. I see men, better informed than I am, and
; perhaps better able to form an opinion, entertain-
| ing a different opinion. I only speak for myself.
, I do not entertain a doubt; I cannot work myself
: up to it. I believe Mr. Dixon's title is as good as
mine is, and as good as any Senator's is. So far
as any other considerations may be supposed to
weigh upon me in this matter, except a simple de-
sire to do justice to the honorable gentleman 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. " Honorable Senator."
Mr. HALE. Well, honorable Senator—for I
think he is Senator—the honorable Senator [Mr.
Dixon] will pardon me for saying as between him
and his predecessor, Mr. Meriwether, I am as in-
different as a man can well be. I do not know
that as to their relations, personal or political, I
would turn my hand one way or the other. They
both belong to " healthy political organizations."
Mr. Meriwether belongs to one which is rather
"swollen." That, to be sure, does not indicate
entire health. [Laughter.] Mr. Dixon belongs
to one that is rather lank. Neither does that in-
dicate entire health. [Laughter.] So that one is
as far from a healthy political organization as the
other. But as to the slight intercourse which I
have had with either of them, it has been that
which one gentleman has a right to expect from
another. I do not know that I have ever in my
life been placed in a situation, in which 1 have felt
such entire indifference, as I do in this matter; but
I am desirous that the Senate should decide the
question rightly. I was exceedingly gratified with
the result to which the Senate came in the Florida
contested-election case. The conclusion to which
they came was unanimous. There was no dis-
senting voice, because, in the judgment of the
Senate, that case was perfectly clear. It struck
the whole Senate as perfectly clear.
But, sir, while I state the clearness of my own
convictions, I beg that I may not be considered as
speaking arrogantly, or questioning the integrity
or intelligence of those who differ from me. I
have lived long enough in the world—I have seen
too many ingenious questions1'started, and too
many plain ones disputed—to be "astonished at
anything. And my experience in the Senate has
taught me something of that. It reminds me of
an anecdote told of a young practitioner of law.
When the judge pronounced his opinion contrary
to what he expected, he declared himself to be
astonished at the decision. The judge thought it
was a contempt of court, and an impeachment of
its integrity, and was about to deal with him ac-
cordingly; but an older member of the bar got up
to apologize for the young man, and said: " Your
honor, I think my youngfriend meant no contempt;
and I think when he has practiced as long in your
honor's court as I have, he will not be astonished
at anything." [Laughter.] That, sir, has been
the effect upon my mind. I have practiced too
long in your honor's court to be astonished at any-
thing.
Ingenious as is the question which the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut has sprung upon us,
! I remember once to have met one equally ingen-
ious, and one that was not so easily settled. I
remember when Captain Symmes, of Ohio, was
lecturing upon his theory of hollow spheres, he
chanced to come to where I was at college, and
gave notice that he was going to lecture. He gave
a very ingenious lecture; but after it was over, an
ingenious young; Irishman told him that he did
not see through it entirely, and wanted to propose
one question. The Captain seemed to listen with
great deference to the question. It was this: He
said that when we should come to the opening of
the earth to enter the hollow sphere, the atmos-
phere of the earth would come in contact with the
hemisphere and produce a concussion, and he did
not know how animal heat was to be generated
there. [Laughter.] I believe it- is a question
which Captain Symmes never solved. It was an
ingenious one.
Having seen so many ingenious questions
started, so difficult of solution, and so many which
appeared plain to my mind disputed, I bow with
deference to the wisdom and intelligence and can-
dor of the gentlemen who differ so widely with me.
But, sir, this is a new age and a new era, and one
of new revelations; and if there be anything in this
modern—I do not know whether to call it science
or humbug, for I tread cautiously—but if there be
anything in this modern theory of spiritual com-
munication—" spiritual rappings" vulgarly called
j —this question, whetherdead men can resign, may
; assume a practical importance of which we have
not as yet conceived. [Laughter.] I am sorry
to see gentlemen laugh. I am sorry that while we-
are dealing with sucn grave subjects as these, hon-
orable'Senators cannot bring to their consideration
that gravity to which they are so eminently enti-
tled. [Laughter.] Can dead men resign? I ask,
in the wildest vagaries of thought, if ever imagin-
ation grasped such a question as that? I think,
1 sir, it is well that this question comes at this time.
| The great excitements of a political contest are
over, the passions arelulted, the surges of an over-
whelming political majority have silenced the
| voice of faction and fanaticism, and the public mind
| is, in my view, eminently favorably situated to
i come to the consideration of the important ques-
tion, whether dead men can resign their offices or
not?
The Senator from Connecticut said that this
question had never been presented to the Senate
in any of the precedents which had been cited, and
that he had no knowledge or intimation from any
quarter, that it had ever been brought into consid-
eration—that is, the question " whether a Senator
can resign his senatorial office after his death ?"
Why, sir, the realities of life, and the solemni-
ties of death, all center in this great question. It
deals not only with things that now are; it con-
cerns not only temporal and palpable things with
which we are surrounded, ana which appeal to the
senses, but it goes beyond even this. It goes be-
yond the pageantry of the funeral, and the solem-
nity of the tomb, and looks away into the vista of
that futurity, the veil that hides which has never
been withdrawn, and asks the solemn question,
whether those who live in that land can resign
office? I know poets have asked—I wish I could
quote poetry—
" Do they love there still ?"
That, sir, has been asked in song, and the hope has
been expressed that some bird from the shadowy
land might come to revisit this, and we would ask,
" Do they love there still ?"
But now poetry must stand in the back-ground,
and if ever from the land of shades a winged mes-
senger comes to whisper to the upper world some-
thing of that land, the question will be, Do they
resign office there or not? [Laughter.] I find
that it is in vain for me to invest this matter with
the seriousness to which it is entitled. [Renewed
laughter.]
But leaving this question, which I do not believe
can be satisfactorily settled by any committee at
the present session, I ask the Senate to take a
common-sense view of this thiflg—a common-
sense, practical view—an upper region view—a
view which presents itself to those that are invested
with flesh and blood. Read the plain language of
