1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
settled bv this body, in the case of Jesse Bledsoe,
cued the oilier dny by the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.) Tins body then determined that a res-
ignation to lake effect in/i</uro whs an act executed
and irrevocable, and that when the period arrived
tjie resigning member was no longer entitled to his
seat. The honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Charlton ] holds his seat as the incumbent of a
vacancy occasioned 111 the same way, his appoint-
ment having been made in advance, and while
Judge Berrien was discharging his functions of
Senator upon this floor. Mr. Clay's action, then,
being legal, and the vacancy to be occasioned by
that action being fixed, certain, and irrevocable, the
Legislature, by virtue of its general juiisdtclion,
had a right to provide for it. The reason of the
Constitution in conferring the power of appoint-
ment oil the Governor to provide for unexpected
emergencies 1,01 existing, the power of the Legis-
lature was in full force, and was very properly ex-
ercised.
If I am not mistaken, in the case of Lanman,
the decision of the Senate, refusing him his seat,
was based in part, if not 111 whole, upon this very
ground—that a vacancy occasioned by the legal
expiration of a time, though it occurs in a recess
of the Legislature, is not such a vacancy as the
Executive can fill—and why? Because it does
not, ir. the language of the Constitution, happen—
the event is fixed and determined by law, and can
never come unexpectedly, or at a time that cannot
be anticipated by a preceding Legislature. Such,
also, was the effect of the decision of the Senate in
the case of Mr. Sevier, of Arkansas, cited theother
day by the Senator from Kentucky. Although
the expiration of his term was fixed by law, as in
that of Lanman, yet from the peculiar circumstan-
ces of the case, the Legislature could not have
provided for the vacancy, and therefore the ap-
pointment of the Executive was sustained. Such
■was the case with the vacancy occasioned by Mr.
CUy's resignation—although the act was his own,
the termination put to his services and office of
Senator, was just as fixed, certain, and determined
as the period prescribed by law. It was anticipated
by the Legislature, because the> had been officially
notified of the fact. It was not a case, there-
fore, of unforeseen emergency, as contemplated
by the Constitution, for Executive action. The
necessary and inevitable consequence is, then, that
the election of Mr. Dixon to fill the vacancy so
created was a legitimate exercise of power, and
should now be sustained. I
But it is objected that Mr. Clay's death in June
prevented the vacancy in September from occur-
ring, and that therefore the contingency never hap-
pened on which Mr! Dixon's election depended.
To this it may be replied, that if the election of
Mr. Dixon was valid and iegal at the time it was
had, nothing that could take place afterwards—
nothing ex posi facto—could render it null and void.
An election, as soon as made, confers a vested
right upon the officer elected to the honors and
emoluments of the office—a right which cannot
be divested unless by his own act or the abolition
or cessation of the office. But it is not necessary
to inquire whether the vacancy occasioned bv the
resignation of Mr. Clay occurred or not. That
resignation fixed a period or term to the office of
Senator as pertaining to him—a period as fixed
•nddeterminedasif it had been prescribed bylaw—
and this period certainly did arrive, whether Mr.
Clay lived to see it or not.
The senatorial office is continuous, and intend-
ed to be perpetual. It is, however, divided into
periods or terms, beyond which an incumbent
cannot hold. These periods or terms are again,
by legal permission, frequently subdivided by
resignations; and an election in advance of, and to
provide for one of these subdivisions is the exer-
cise of the same power, and is subjected to the
same legal incidents, as is an election for the con-
stitutional term. When Mr. Clay died, therefore,
there was no vacancy in his term occasioned, or
to be occasioned, by his resignation, because it
had been provided for by the election of Mr.
Dixon. His death, however, did create a vacancy,
but only for the time intervening between his
death and the commencement of Mr. Dixon's
term, or, in other words, for the balance of his
(Mr. Clay'8) term, that term, by Mr. Clay's own
act, extending only to the first Monday of Septem-
ber. Thecase,in principle, is precisely thesame as
if the other Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Under- i
wood,] whose term of service expires the 4th of
March next, and whose successor has been elect-
ed, were now to resign. The Executive of Ken-
tucky could fill the vacancy until the arrival of the
time when that successor is entitled to take his
seat, and no longer. In this view of the case, 1
think the Governor of Kentucky was perfectly
right in limiting the commission of Mr. Meri-
wether as lie has done. Now, the remainder of a
term may be of two sorts—one being until the ex-
piration of the term as fixed by the Constitution,
theother to the expiration of the term as fixed by
the party'sown act of resignation. Then what was
the remainder of Mr. Clay's term at the time of
his death r Until the first Monday of September,
unquestionably. After that time it was no longer
his term, because he had resigned it—yielded it up
into the hands of those who had conferred it upon
him. From that time until it expired by legal
limitation it was Mr. Dixon's, having been con-
ferred upon him by the primary appointing power.
Mr. Meriwether, then, hns served out—has ex-
hausted—the remainder of Mr. Clay's term, ex-
actly what he was commissioned to do by the
Executive, and is no longer entitled to be here as a
member.
It never could have been expected, Mr. Presi-
dent, that theframers of the Constitution could in
terms provide for every possible state of circum-
stances that human frailty or human ingenuity
might give rise to. Hence the frequent necessity
of a resort to construction as in case of other laws.
And I apprehend that the same rules of construc-
tion will prevail in reference to the Constitution as
with statutes passed by the ordinary law-making
power. " The fairest and most rational method
to interpret the will of the legislator," says Mr.
Justice Blai'kstone, "is by exploring his inten-
' tions at the time when the law was made by
1 signs the most natural and probable. And these
' signs are either the words, the context, the sub-
' ject-matter, the effects and consequence, or the
' spirit and reason of the law." There is no part
of the Constitution more obvious in its intention,
' or more felicitous in its conception, than the or-
ganization of the Senate. The Government not
being a consolidated one, and its constituent parts,
the States, intending to preserve their sovereign
equality, it was obvious that this equality must be
, recognized and represented in some one or other of
the departments. This was done by composing
the Senate of members to be chosen by the Legis-
latures of the several States, the Legislatures them-
selves representing, in a combined form. State
sovereignty, and thus forming the constituency of
which this body was to be the representative.
The whole intention, then, was to vest in the Le-
gislatures the entire elective power, to give them
general and, as far as practicable, exclusive juris-
diction over the subject-matter, with all the effects
and consequences warranted by the " spirit and
reason of the law." The only exception from
this broad and general grant is, as has been before
shown, the limited and temporary power confided
to the Governor, and that only in cases where,
from phyxical inability, the Legislatures cannot
act—an exception which, in a most emphatic
manner, proves the truth of the general rule. This
body, then, being the judge of the tenure by which
its members hold their seats, in exercising its ju-
dicial functions, should endeavor to carry out the
intention of the great organic law, and recognize,
to its fullest extent, the power and will of those
great constituencies which it is its peculiar prov-
ince here to represent. And I may be permitted
to add further, that if there are any doubts attend-
ant upon this case, the people, whose wishes are
expressed through their ordinary means of com-
munication—the Legislature—should have the
benefit of them, and those wishes should be al-
lowed to incline the balance. It is ever a safe
rule, when the law is doubtful, and argument
nicely balanced, to get as near to the primary
source of power as possible; to consult, its will,
and obey its behests. This being done, no great
evil can ever result, although, in strictness, the
judgment itself should prove to be erroneous; but,
for myself, I can feel no doubts. Looking to the
clear and manifest intention of the framers of the
Constitution, the path of duty appears to be open
and unobstructed, and to be followed without the
least hesitation whatever.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President,I desire to«ay
a few words upon this case, and I may as well
take this opportunity to say them. I was of the
opinion, when the Senator elected from Kentucky
presented his credentials, that by the old, well-
established, and well-considered law of this body,
he was entitled to be admitted at once and sworn
in, reserving the various questions which have
been since raised, for the future deliberation of the
Senate, if it thought proper to go into them; and
1 «m satisfied,from what has taken place, that the
Senate has made a great mistake, if not committed
a great wrong to one of the sovereign States of this
Union, by not taking that course.
1 am opposed to this reference upon precedent
and upon principle. There is not to be found upon
the records of the history of the Senate, as far as
I have been able to ascertain, a case where a per-
son coining here with formal, legal credentials
from one of the States of this Union, appointing
him to a seat in the Senate, has not at once been
received, reserving the consideration of objections
that might be raised afterwards to his claim; and
I believe there is but one case to be found on the
records of the other branch of the National Legis-
lature, in which the persons having the legal, for-
mal return, were excluded from their seats, and
shut out of the House upon the ground that their
certificate was illegal or fraudulent; and that was
the celebrated case of the contested election from
the State of New Jersey, a case of warning, and
not, I trust, a case to be followed.
How, then, does this case present itself? Mr.
Dixon, on the first day of this session, presented
to the Senate his credentials. Those credentials
contained three important facts. First, that Mr.
Clay l.ad resigned his term of office from the first
Monday in September until the expiration of his
term; secondly, that the Legislature of the State
of Kentucky had accepted that resignation; and
thirdly, that they had filled it by the appointment
of Mr. Dixon. Upon the reading of those cre-
dentials, the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin]
objected to his being sworn in, on the ground that
there was no vacancy. If the Senator meant that
there is no vacancy now, we all admit it, because
the vacancy has been filled—some gentlemen say,
filled twice—but in fac' it has been filled by the
Legislature of Kentucky. I presume, therefore,
the Senator meant that at the time the Legislature
of Kentucky made the appointment, there was no
vacancy. He must have meant that, if he meant
anything. Now, the very first question which
must strike every member of the Senate is, what
power is to judge, in the first instance, of a va-
cancy in the Semite? The Senate? No, sir. We
know nothing about a vacancy to happen. We
are not informed of it. We never know officially
that a vacancy takes place until a gentleman comes
and informs the Senate, from his Legislature or
Governor, that there is a vacancy, and presents
his credentials-authorizing him to fill it.
Here appears to be the mistake which Senators
have committed: They take it for granted that
we, in the first instance, are to judge whether
there is a vacancy in the Senate from the State of
Kentucky. Sir, is it not a fundamental and ac-
knowledged principle, that the appointing power
must judge, in the first instance, whether there is
an office to fill? It cannot proceed to appoint a
man to fill an office until it deteimines,in the first
instance, that there is a vacancy. We cannot
determine that fact in the first instance; the Legis-
lature must determine it. And when they do de-
termine it, is not their judgment entitled to full
faith and credit, until some one comes here to
show that they have acted illegally and unconsti-
tutionally, and that, therefore, their action is void ?
How does this case differ from the case of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields]? He pre-
sented his credentials, which upon their face were
all right. A Senator arose and suggested that he
was not legally a Senator, because there was a
constitutional inability—that he was not a citizen
at the time, according to the provision of the Con-
stitution—that he had not been here long enough.
The other Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
then took the point that the Legislature of Illinois
had the right to judge of that in the first instance,
and havingjudged upon it and elected Mr. Shields,
and sent him here with his credentials, he insisted
upon his being sworn in; and so cautious was he
to preserve the rights of his State, that he would
not permit us to stir one step in the organization
of the Senate, to form the committees, or elect1
the Chaplain, until his colleague was admitted to
