74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. 16,
his sent. He was admitted, and then the question
was referred to a committee, and upon the ascer-
tain ed fart that he was not constitutionally elected,
his seat was vacated.
Now, if it l>e true that the appointing power
has the ri?ht, in the first instance, to determine
whether there is a vacancy—which they must
have—the State of Kentucky having determined
that matter, Mr. Dixon is entitled to his seat at
once. The prima facie evidence is his. He has
presented it here, and if gentlemen think proper
to go into an argument about the construction of
the Constitution, about the constructive rights of
another claimant here, which may take the whole
session, they can do so; but at the same time the
rights of the States should be protected, and Ken-
tucky should have her two members here, for the
purpose of joining in the proceedings of the Sen-
ate. But pursuing the course we are now taking,
this case is likely to consume the whole session.
If it be referred, it may remain with the commit-
tee half a session, and thus, while Kentucky ha*
performed her duty as she understands the Con-
stitution—the Legislature, having the appointing
power, having acted in good faith and determined
that question, we, the Senate, say, "Stand back, we
have the reserved right to judge of the qualifica-
tions of our members, and we, upon the sugges-
tion that you have acted illegally and unconstitu-
tionally, keep your Senator out for three months."
Apply this principle to any other body less per-
manent in its organization, and with fewer mem-
bers, what might be the result? If a mere sugges-
tion of this kind is to prevent one man from being
•worn in, each may suggest it against his neigh-
bor, and prevent the organization of the body
altogether. Therefore, I say that the great ques-
tion to be determined, is the question which we
have already given the go-by—the admission of
Mr. Dixon immediately to his seat, the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky having determined that there
was a vacancy, having filled that vacancy, and,
a* I shall show, no other man coming here to
contest it.'
But, sir, it is said that there is another appointee
whocontests the seat. A claim has been put in
here, not by the gentleman himself, but by other
members of the Senate, that Mr. Meriwether has
been appointed to fill this vacancy, and that there
are two persons conteoJing for the (ante Mat.
Now, before we go into the question of the law-—
the question of construction—we must have the
facts of the case clearly before us. Some gentle-
men contend that under the construction of the
Constitution Mr. Meriwether is entitled to the
seat—how? Produce his credentials. When you
come to look at them, they do not touch this va-
cancy. He never was appointed, either by the
Governor or the Legislature of Kentucky, in fact,
to fill this vacancy. The fact is, that he was ap-
pointed to fill another vacancy, which has already
transpired, and he has retired from his seat. If
Mr. Meriwether can be brought in here to contest
this claim successfully, you will have the strange ,
ease before the country of a man filling an office
to which he was never appointed, in fact, by the
appointing power, which he himself never accept-
ed intending to fill, and to which he has no claim.
In other wards, it will be putting a man into this
Senate by construction, and not by fact. Now, I
put it to Senators, if in the whole history of par-
liamentary law there can be found the case of an
appointment to office by construction—a construc-
tion against fact, when there is no evidence that
the appointing power appointed the claimant, but
when in fact it appears mat the appointing power
did not intend to appoint Mm, and when the man
himself did not intend to accept an appointment to '
the place? Is there any such case as that? There !
have been cases where a constituency have at- ■!
tempted to make an election—where two men 'i
have been voted for as candidates for the office a
part of the constituency voting for each, and where
both have come, perhaps, with different returns,
♦ith evidence of election, claiming the office. But
in all those cases it was the intention of the
appointing power to elect to the place; but here,
the Governor, whatever may be the effect of his
appointment upon the appointee, in fact never
appointed hip  to fill this vacancy, but, on the
contrary, appointed him to fill another vacancy.
Mr. President, I have heard of Senators being
*' instructed" out of office, but I never before heard
of a gentleman being instructed by the Senate to
take a seat in this body, and if Mr. Meriwether
can, by a construction of the Constitution, be
made a Senator here, it will be in opposition to
the facts of the oise, for he was not appointed to
this vacancy by any power in Kentucky—either
by the Governor or the Legislature. If you make
him a Senator by construction, you do it against
the fact of appointment, and against his own dec-
laration. I say Quch a case cannot be found.
Whatever may be the legal effect of Mr. Clay's
resignation, whether the Legislature acted legally
or illegally, whether Mr. Dixon'a election be void
or not, Air. Meriwether can never be a Senator
to fill the vacancy for which the Legislature elected
Mr. Dixon. And why? Because the fact is
against him, for he was never appointed to it either
by the Governor or the Legislature.
But it is said that the Governor has a right, dur-
ing the recess of the Legislature, to make tempo-
rary appointments, and that the meaning of the
Constitution is, that the temporary appointee is to
hold over until the next meeting of the Legisla-
ture; and that the Governor having appointed
Mr. Meriwether during the recess of the Legis-
lature, his appointment is to continue until the
next meeting of the Legislature. That is the
position which some gentlemen take in constru-
ing the Constitution. The Senate will perceive
that the appointment of the Governor was made
to fill what he understood to be a limited va-
cancy until the first Monday of September. That
was the appointment; that is the credential; that
is the commission. But, say gentlemen, he had
no right to fix such a limitation, and it is void,
and therefore Mr. Meriwether holds over until
the next meeting of the Legislature, although the
Governor, who nad a right to appoint, did not in-
tend to make any such appointment. With all
due deference, I must say that such a construc-
tion would operate like a fraud, and would, by a
court of equity, be declared a legal fraud. And-
why? Because the party gets, contrary to his
own deed, and by surprise, more than the appoint-
ing power intended to give him, and more than he
intended originally to accept. Let me put an anal-
ogous case: Suppose that there is vested in an
executor the naked power to convey an estate in
fee-simple, and he sits down and makes a convey-
ance to a person for liffc', th« person pays-the con-
sideration, and accept® that wm+eyance, can the
grantee turn round and say to the executor, •' You
had no authority to make a conveyance for life;
you were only empowered to convey in fee; and
therefore 1 take the whole estate ?" Certainly not.
Either the conveyance is void, and the grantee
obtains no title, or he is bound by it; he cannot
take advantage of the limitation. His acceptance
estops him, and he is bound by it. So it is with
regard to this case. The Governor having ap-
pointed to fill a limited vacancy, to extend it
through the term would be a fraud upon the peo-
ple affected by the choice of the representative.
If there is anything void about it, that must fal^
upon the person who accepted the limited appoint-
ment.
11 is not, however, necessary to go to that. There
was a vacancy from the death of Mr. Clay to the
first Monday of September—a vacancy in fact,
which was known and acknowledged. Now,
under the Constitution, the Governor has a right
to fill any vacancy happening during the reeess of
the Legislature. It is not necessary that that va-
cancy should exist until the next meeting of the
Legislature. Whatever may be the vacancy that
exists during the recess of the Legislature, be it
short or long, the Governor has tne right to fill;
and there are abundant cases happening where the
vacancy filled by the Governor does not extend
until the next meeting of the Legislature, but ter-
minates on the ensuing 4th of March. There are
now gentlemen holding seats on this floor who
have been appointed in that way. Therefore, when
a Goviftior nils a vacancy, he must fill it merely
for the time of its existence, and no longer, ex-
cept that his appointment cannot extend beyond
the next meeting of the Legislature. The Consti-
tution uses broad terms: " If vacancies happen by
resignation, or otherwise"—any vacancy, no mat-
ter how it may happen, whether it be short of
long, the Governor may fill; and -it is not neces-
sary that it should be a vacancy extending till the
next meeting of the Legislature in order to author-
ize him to fill it.
Then the whole question conies back to this—
; gentlemen have to meet that in the end—whether,
at the time the Legislature of Kentucky elected Mr.
Dixon, there was a known and dedtired vacancy
existing which they had a right to fill? At the
time the Legislature elected, was there a known
and declared vacancy ? If there was, and they
filled it, no subsequent event could take away the
, power of the Legislature to fill it, and deprive the
man who was appointed to the office. The death
of Mr. Clay afterwords could not alter it. That
brings up this question: Whether the appointing
power may make an appointment to an office
which is to he enjoyed in the future. Well, sir,
is not that an every-day transaction? A man can
' be appointed to an office to-day which he is not to
enjoy, or come in possession of, until next year.
Is there anything m the Constitution to prevent
that ? Why, it is done every day; and what more
| did the Legislature of Kentucky do ? TJiey ap-
pointed Mr. Dixon last year to take possession of
and enjoy an office, to commence on the first
Monday of September. This being the first meet-
ing of Congress since the first Monday of Sep-
tember, he comes here within the time after the
term thus commences and presents his credentials;
and gentlemen say, because the appointment was
made before the first Monday in September—for
if it had been made afterwards, they could not
object to it—he shall not enjoy the office. I say it
brings up the simple question, whether a man can
be appointed to an office which he is to enjoy at a
future day ? All our appointments are made in
that way; and it is one of the great fundamental
principles which form the proceedings and prac-
tice of the Government that a man should be ap-
pointed before the vacancy happens. But gentle-
men say death may happen, ana so it does. And
death happens sometimes at a period not content-
, plated by the framers of the Constitution, and oc-
casionally throws Congress and all the Depart-
ments of the Government into confusion; but that
the appointing power has a right to anticipate a
vacancy there is no doubt. Then it is said that
Mr. Clay could not resign in advance, to take effect
at a future day. That brings up the simple question,
I whether, if I to-day make up my mind to resign,
I must walk out of theSenate ana makea vacancy
before the Legislature can act, or whether 1 can-
not say to my Legislature in advance that I intend
to go out at three months or six months hence,
and actually resign my office to terminate at that
time ? Can I do this, or must I wait until the time
arrives, and then walk out of the Senate and leave
a vacancy here which no one can fill for several
days?
The Constitution and laws of out1 country are
' much like nature. They abhor a vacuum in repre-
sentation. The grand idea running throughout the
J Constitution, and the practice of the Government
under it, is to keep up a full representation of the
! States. And, sir, it is the great privilege of the
! States, and the people, to be represented here at
] all times—at the commencement of your Congress,
! at the very first motion that is made, at the very
1 first law tnat is passed—it is their right to be rep-
resented here. That was the great contest in the
New Jersey case. We insisted that New Jersey
had the right, at the opening of that Congress,
and at the election of the Speaker of the House,
to be represented, and not to be kept in the lobby
waiting until the Speaker and committees should
be arranged to fit the case. That is the great prin-
ciple which has established that fundamental rule
regulating parliaments, that when a man presents
himself, with the legal certificate right upon its
face, he is entitled to his seat; and it is the right of
the power that sent him as its representative. I
therefore say, as I said in the commencement, ^
that the great error which we have committed"
here, was in not admitting Mr. Dixon at once to
his seat. But, as the question is now upon the
other matters which are before us forconsideration,
I have no doubt at all that a resignation of office,
upon general principles—unless there is something
in the Constitution forbidding k—may be made1
to-day to give up a portion of a man's term, that
portion to commence at a fbture day. There is
nothing in the Constitution to prevent it; there i#
nothing in the Constitution saying that "a man
may resign, or that he may not resign, to take
effect at a future day; and I see nothing in the
principles or the practice of the Government to
prevent such a resignation. I see no evil to result
from it. It has been long the established practice
