1862.
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■77
ber, ami as a large amount of printing bad accumu-
lated a! the cloee of the last session of Congress,
the public printer furnished additional paper, and
has (wen furnishing: it, and will furnish it until
•bout the last of this week. This resolution is in-
tended to provide for the paper thus furnished. 1
aak that it may be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was then read a first and
second time by its title, ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
•ultaequently read the third time snd passed.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the vote just taken,
by which the resolution was adopted, be recon-
sidered, and that the motion to reconsider do lis
upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
vas agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I have another resolution from
the Committeeon Printing, which I desire to offer,
bat 1 will not press it at this tims without the con-
sent of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hovs-
roy.] by whose courtesy I now have the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will give way for the gen-
tlemsn to offer his resolution, if he desires it.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HAVEN then, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following joint resolution,
Tit:
lout Besolutk™ avthnriiing the employment of two clerks
and Me nnmifei in the office of the Superintendent of
Ike Public Printing:
Rmlrrd Ay Ui Snilt rnmdJHmt •/ Htfrnemtatiaet
lif C H*d Staler of .imeriam ia Om-tmi atumtted, That
the Superintendent of tbe PaMic Printing be, and he U
Iwreby. nuhorised and empowered to employ in bis office
tiro clefki, at the annual compensation of f 1,500 each, and
oae messenger at three dollar* per day, being the same an-
as*) compensation and per diem allowance of the clerks
and messengers in theoficeof the Secretary of the Senate,
and is liw ntfiee of the Clerk of tbe House of Represent-
atives; and that the pay of the eierksss employed oom-
WMt M tbe first day of December, 1&53.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. Perhaps I should aay a very
few words in reference to this resolution.
Mr. CARTTER. I objected to the reception
of the resolution. 1 desire to know whether the
resolution is entertained as a matter of course; or
whether it requires a suspension of the rules for
its introduction ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Printing
is empowered to report at any time when any of
its members can get the floor. -
Mr. CARTTER. Most it not lis over for dis-
The SPEAKER. Not trader the rules.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to inform the House,
what most of tbe members are undoubtedly already
aware of, that the bill which passed Congress
daring the last session, providing for the public
printings charged upon the Superintendent of the
Public Printing lbs duty, not only of attending to
the printing for the House, but also with that of
attending to the printing of the Senate and of the
several Departments of the Government. Now,
I understand that in each of the Departments
there is a force nearly or quite equal to one clerk
mostly employed to attend to the business of print- '
ing for that Department. That business is now
transferred to the office of the Superintendent of
the Public Printing; and it is quite impossible for
him, although he gives his whole time to it, to dis- ;
charge the entire duties devolved upon him by !
that act.
Bat, Mr. Speaker, not only this, bat we have !
heretofore had one or two clerks in each House }
of Congress to attend to this business, and the ,
Joint Committee on Printing have always had one !
to attend to the business for them. This labor, j
too, i« now devolved upon the Superintendent. i
Seeing, then, the complicated unties which the '
 ct of the last session easts upon the Superintend-
ent, the Committee on Printing were unanimous |
in recommending that these two clerks be allowed |
him. I do not, however, desire to take up the I
time of the House with discussion or explanation, i
•nd I ask that the resolution be put upon its pas- ■
■age. I
The resolution was then read a second time by 1
its title.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Havek] has assured us that
this resolution comes unanimously recommended
by the Committee on Printing of the two Houses.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this sort
of legislation. It seema to ma that it has been our
, object daring the last few years to employ public
4 officers to superintend,and not transact the public
business. It we go on in this way and give two
clerks and one messenger to the Superintendent
this year, three or four next year, and five or
six the year after will be asked for. If we give
these two clerks and one messenger now, the re-
sult will be that we shall go on increasing the num-
ber till we shall have a little department built up
to attend to the purposes of printing.
I think it is high time to begin to curtail the ex-
rinses of the Government, and not to enlarge them.
do not know why it is that we have not needed
these clerks and messengers before to transact this
business; and if we hare not needed them before,
I do not know why we should now make this ad-
dition to the expenses of the Government.
Mr. HAVEN. Let me say to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] for the sake of
information, that I understand there have hereto-
fore been one clerk employed by the House and
another by the Senate to attend to this business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What do they do now?
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to allow me to say a word for the purpose of
explanation. It will be remembered by the House
that the law of the last session puts all the print-
ing for both houses of Congress, and for all the
departments of the Government, into the hands of
the Superintendent of the Public Printing. Now
there is in each one of the bureaus, or each one of
the departments—1 mi not sure which—a clerk
detailed specially to take charge of the business
of printing. There are at least seven clerks em-
ployed in the various departments of the Govern-
ment todo business, all of which is nowperformed
by this Superintendent. These two clerks, how-
ever, will only be substituted for the one now em-
ployed oy the Senate, and the one employed by
the House of Representatives. There is also one
messenger now employed for the same purpose,
but there is no law authorizing these clerks and
messenger to be .employed by the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What I want to know
of my friend from Indiana is, whether these clerks
: in the Departments, and in the House and Senate,
will still be continued in office after their duties
shall have been transferred to those provided for
by this resolution? That is the point I desire to
understand. Can the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Havem] give me any information upon that
! subject?
Mr. HAVEN. That is a point upon which
the Committee on Printing have no information.
We only know that the act of the last session took
from these Departments tbe necessity of employ-
ing these clerks, and devolved it upon the Super-
intendent of Public Printing.
With reference to the clerks heretofore employed
by the Senate and House of Representatives for
this purpose, as well as those employed by the
Departments, the Committeeon Printing havenot
felt it their duty to legislate upon tbe subject.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to this
resolution as it is, unless it also disposes of those
clerks in the Departments, and in the Senate and
House of Representatives, who have superintended
this matter previously.
If this resolution provides, as I suppose it does,
for employing these clerks, in addition to those
already employed—if those heretofore employed
to superintend this matter in the several Depart-
ments are still to be continued, it will be but
building up a new Department in the Govern-
ment, for the purpose of superintending its print-
ing. Now, I think we have already Departments
enough in the Government. We have public
officers enough to transact all oar public business,
and I am opposed to increasing them, as is pro-
posed in this resolution.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The House
will recollect, that the bill passed at the last ses- ,
sion, revolutionized the whole system of printing,
and I think it will be admitted by all, that the
change effected has been wise and salutary. By
that measure much of the duty which belonged to
the Committee on Printing of the. two Houses,
has been transferred to the Superintendent. In
addition to this, the purchase of paper, and many
other services, necessarily performed by the con-
tractor under the old system, are devolved by the
new law upon the officer appointed to superin-
tend the public printing. The honorable gentle-
| man from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] does not
seem to be aware of the onerous character of the
, duties imposed upon the Superintendent, nor of
the extent of them.
In the first place, it is made the duty of that
officer to contract for all the paper used in the
public printing ordered by Congress, and also for
that used in the execution of the printing done for
the several Departments of Government. He has
not only to make these contracts, but he is re-
quired to inspect personally, all the material than
contracted for when it is delivered, no as to see
that it couforma to the stipulations of the several
contracts. This paper has to be taken care of,
delivered to the printer as he needs it, and prop-
erly accounted lor to Congress. He is not only
by law required to do this, but he must person-
ally superintend the printing as it progresses, and
see that the work turned out by the public printer
is executed in conformity to law, and in accord-
ance with the terms of his contract. Then, sir,
there is the binding of the public documents, which
also requires his personal attention, and neces-.
sarily consumes much of hin time. AH these du-
ties—ar.d these are enormous when the extent of
the public printing is considered—are imposed
upon that officer.
Mr. RICHARDSON. ' Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the Superintendent
must do all this personally, what is the object in
appointing clerks?
Mr. STANTON. I had not finished the enu-
meration of the many duties which, by law, are
enjoined upon the Superintendent; if my hon-
orable friend had desisted for a moment he would
have seen very clearly, I think, the necessity for
having clerks. In audition to those duties, the
Superintendent is required to keep and audit the
accounts of the public printer. This duty was
heretofore performed by the Joint Committee on
Printing, and they were compelled to keep a clerk
for that purpose. Thecommittee knows, from ex-
perience, that this is a laborious and troublesome
I duty, and enough of itself to engage the exclusive
attention of a single person. Besides this, there
j are the accounts for paper furnished, binding
, done, and printing delivered. If the gentlemen
who oppose the measure provided for by the joint
resolution now under consideration, were aware
of the immense labor which is embraced in all
, these duties, 1 am sure they could not hesitate for
i a moment to allow the clerks. They certainly
i have no desire to embarrass the execution of the
j public printing by denying to the Superintendent
i the aid which his duties imperiously demand.
| The calculations necessary to determine the
amount of work for which the printer is to be
paid, are of themselves very great labor. The
Committee on Printing, for want of time to make
them, haa been compelled to impose that duty
upon a clerk. The work to be done by the printer
for thedepartments, increases materially thatlabor.
But two clerks are asked for. I think there ought
not to beany hesitation in granting them. It was
the unanimous opinion of the committee that not
less than two were required. As regards the
clerks in the Departments heretofore charged with
many of the duties now imposed upon the Super-
intendent, I have no doubt they can be employed
profitably in other services, as the force is said
not even now to be adequate to the labor to be
performed.  
Mr. CARTTER. It is assumed by the mover
of this resolution, and those who advocate it, that
it is made necessary by the duties devolved upon
the Superintendent of the Public Printing by the
transfer to him of the duties of six or seven of the
clerks in the Departments, and one or two from
the Committees on Printing in the Senate and
House of Representatives. If this be true, the
resolution ought to provide for vacating the offices
of those clerks, so that the Government may re-
ceive some equivalent in the shape of a release
from pay when it creates new obligations to pay
new clerks and to employ them. But we hear
nothing of this in the resolution.
Now, it appears to me that we ought to hear
something from the Superintendent himself upon
this subject. We are not in the possession of that
accurate information we should have before voting
to increase this clerical force.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman willltllow
