82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mit gentlemen to anticipate what will, or will not i der. That is notin explanation of thegentleman s
be sanctioned by a Democratic Administration and , amendment.
a new Congress. It does seem to me that it comes
with exceeding bad grace from that side of the
House at this time, to undertake to arraign and
charge extravagance in advance to the Democratic
partyandiheincoming Administration with squan-
dering the money in the public Treasury of the
country. I say it comes with bad grace from any
quarter, and particularly from that party who
hare uniformly, in this House, advocated every
measure of extravagant appropriation that has
been proposed.
Sir, I am here to-day to denounce the Adminis-
tration now going out of power, for extravagance;
and 1 ask the gentleman from New York to
watch—if he shall be in a position to do it—hon-
estly and faithfully the public Treasury, and
whenever he sees the incoming Administration
guilty of extravagance in the expenditure of the
public money, to come forward before the coun-
try with his charges in due form, and hold that
Administration responsible. I can tell thatgentle-
man the Democratic party will shrink from no
responsibility. They will be guilty of no Gal-
phinism or Gardinerism. They will not squander
the public money, or permit it to be done by out-
siders or ivsibbks. It is the duty of the Whig
party to stand as sentinels; and whenever they
can rightfully charge a Democratic Administra-
tion, it will be their duty to cry aloud, and spare
not; but it is quite too soon to frighten themselves
about what Democrats will do in advance. The
Whig party have been weighed in a balance, and
found wanting. Their condemnation has been
signal, terrible. It will be for them to wait, and
have a little confidence in their opponents, and not
be alarmed. If public confidence is not safe in
the hands of the Democratic party, it is quite too
soon for the condemned to expect to change
places. The honorable gentleman assumes to
Know what will be the policy of the incoming
Administration. He assumes to know the ways
and means by which the Treasury of the country
will b* controlled. I assume that he is entirely
ignorant of either the policy of the Democratic
party, or their views in relation to the disburse-
ment of the surplus now in the Treasury. I as- ;
•are him and the House, that the finances of the
Government, and the Government itself, will be |
admimsterad in conformity with the will and jj
wishes of aWrge majority of the American peo- ■1
pie. It does not, therefore, become gentlemen.
belonging to a party condemned by the people like
the one shortly doomed to vacate their places, to ar-
raign the Administration coming into power on
the 4th of March next. " Sufficient unto the day
i« the evil thereof."
But in reference to the surplus now in the Treas-
ury, if it had been in the power of the Whigs to
have taken it out, there would not have been a
dollar there, and probably the public service of
the country would now be embarrassed for want
of funds.
I hope the Democratic party will stand firm, and
let the incoming Administration and a new Con-
gress determine what shall be done with the sur-
' plus. Let them determine what shall be the
policy of the Government in relation to the tariff.
Let those in whose favor the people-have decided
deterniine, and not those who have been stricken
down in the late contest, and who have squandered
the public money.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Brooks '«
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. LOCKHART, With the consent of the
committee I will withdraw die amendment which
I offered as a substitute. ~ 1
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
general consent.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Several Members. Vote it down.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to offer an amend->
ment to the substitute of the gentleman from In-
diana. I move the following to come in at the end:
And that the mid committee be instructed to report on or
before tbe 30th of January, and have leave to examine wit
Bene*, and to collect testimony here and elsewhere.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to preM a vote <
upon that amendment. My principal object in ;
offering it was to respond to some remarks made
by tbe gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] i
who has just taken his seat.
' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not in or- i
Dec. 16,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be con- ,
strained to confine thegentleman to an explanation
of his amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I have nothing to say, if I am
not permitted to reply to the remarks just made
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser.]
[Cries of " Go on!" "Go on!"J
Mr. BROOKS proceeded. I did not intend,
nor have 1 intended to introduce into this subject,
party debate. 1 have stated over and over again
that the only object I had in view in the introduc-
tion of this proposition was, as a matter of ne-
cessity and of public duty, the reasons for which
I have given. I did not involve myself in any
party allusions until they were forced upon me
by other gentlemen, who chose to arraign the
Whigs and their opposition to the tariff of 1846,
as it is called.
It was said the other day by the gentleinRn from
Virginia, [Mr. Batlt,J that the incoming Admin-
istration would take care of the revenue, and of all
surpluses, and that it was improper for the out-
going one to undertake to attempt to act upon this
subject at all. In reply to all that I very carefully
showed that if we meant to do anything at all, now
was the time, because two years must elapse, un-
less there was something done now. W e could
not afford to wait two years, I showed, with a
surplus of $15,000,000 upon us, and more coming
in every day. I did not, therefore, introduce the
relationship Administrations might have to the
tariff; the allusions first came from others. I see,
however, all efforts of mine for a reduction of the
revenue are in vain. Even tbe gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Lockhart,] who very generously
came forward with a substitute s me of us could
vote for, now indicates his intention to retreat.
Retreat is the order of the day. Men will not
stand up to their own professions of principle
when an opportunity is presented for carrying
them out. 1 take it for granted, then, that it is
the intention of the majority of the two Houses of
Congress to let this surplus go on accumulating
for the next two years, without any alteration in,
or reduction of, the revenue whatsoever. And
that during this time this surplus is either to lie
in the sub-treasury, to the'great damage of the
commerce of the country, or it is to be voted out
by the action of the two Houses of Congress in
the form of public expenditures. That 1 under-
stand to be the existing state of facts before the
House, and that the state of the argument. There
is a knowledge of the surplus now in the Treas-
ury, and of its continued accumulation, and there
is a refusal to provide for that surplus otherwise
than by the expenditures of Congress. Mr. Chair-
man,! need not repeat, for the fact is obvious, that
under this state of things—with fifteen or twenty
millions in the Treasury—now known to the
House, unless we forbid its accumulati >n now, it
is certain that it will be voted out of the Treasury
by the most lavish and wasteful expenditures.
The gentleman from Ohio, in order to evade or
avoid these unanswerable facts and conclusions,
attempted to abuse the present Administration for
its extravagant expenditures, as if their doing
wrong would justify him for refusing to do right.
Now, if that gentleman will look back and observe
the history of this Administration, he will see that
in no one single instance, though a large majority
in both Houses of Congress are nominally op-
posed to it, yet has there been no one instance in
which they nave reversed or condemned its action.
The gentleman himself, or rather a colleague of
his, did, indeed, in connection with tbe Gardiner
claim, attempt to throw odium upon this Admin-
istration; but it was turned back upon him by his
own party—by-a committee raised and organized
by that party. If the present Administration has
been lavish and wasteful in its expenditures, the
i appropriations have all been made by the two
Houses of Congress; they have been brought' in
by"the committees appointed by the Speaker of
this House, and they are responsible, as they
have been added on by Democratic majorities in
one or the other Houses of Congress. It is very
easy to make an outcry against any Administra-
tion upon general and wild declamation; but when
you descend to particulars—when you come to
specifications, you will find that you are unable
to muster them, or to arraign the Administration
at all. All the expenditures that have been made
by this Administration have been sanctioned by
the two Houses of Congress in voting for the ap-
propriations; and millions, I may add, have been
added by Congress beyond the estimates of the
Administration. How a minority in Congress
can outvote a majority, 1 cannot say;—can the
gentleman? I abandon the floor for him to ex-
plain.
Mr. SWEETSER. Yes, sir. I am not sur-
prised that the gentleman should have made the
declarations he has just made, in reference to the
expenditures of the present Administration. I take
issue with the gentleman in point of fact, and I
tell this House and the country, that whenever
Congress has attempted, wit Inn the last four years,
to cut down the extravagant expenditures of the
Administration, as they did in the last session of
the Thirty-first Congress, touehingappropriationS
for the Army, particularly the Quartermaster's
Bureau, the administration under the direction
of Mr. Fillmore has gone on and expended the
money that Congress refused to appropriate, and
has come in the next session and asked, in it
bill to supply deficiencies of appropriations, that
the money should be appropriated, in order that
the faith of the Executive branch of the Govern-
ment might be sustained. A similar remark was
made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Johk-
gos,] to the effect that, whatever have been the ex-
penses of the Government, this House made the
appropriations,and were responsihleforthem. Sir,
that gentleman knows perfectly well ilint whatever
appropriations have been made by Congress, have
all been estimated for by the Executive branch of
the Government, and that their estimates have been
repeatedly cut down, and Congress has been
urged continually to augment the amount estimated
for by the Executive, after the civil and diplomatic
bills have been reported to the House. Sir, the
country will hold the Executive brahch of the
Government responsible for the expenditure ofahe
public money. It is the duty of Congress to make
appropriations to carry on the Government. The
President and his Cabinet make the estimates.
1 assert without fear of contradiction—and those
who have served with me here will bear testimony
to the fact—that in no one instance has the Dem-
ocratic party undertaken to restrict the expenses
of the Government, in which the Administration
: cheerftilly acquiesced. But, as in the instances
' stated, in relation to "the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, the Executive went on, made the expendi-
ture, and came in the next session and asked Con-
gress to make appropriations to save the public
credit in a deficiency bill.
The honorable gentleman makes allusion to the
. committee appointed to investigate the Gardiner
fraud, and claims that the report of the committee
i fully exonerated all concerned. I have no dis-
position to figure in that matter, but I charge that
the committee which was raised at the solicitation
of my colleague [Mr. Olds] did not exculpate the
Administration from the charge that the Treasury
had been robbed. Sir, they said simply that as
to the Secretary of the Treasury, who was charged
with being particepi crrmmis in the fraud, there
was no evidence that he knew there was any
fraud, but that report confirmed what is admitted
by all who know anything about it, that the pre-
tended claim was a fraud, and sustained by per-
jured witnesses, and that the money which was
taken from the Treasury, through the instrument-
ality of the Secretary of the Treasury and others,
was taken out in violaiton of law, and there is no
man who will stand here, or anywhere in this
country, and undertake to defend aff against that
1 fraud.
With the excuse made by the Secretary for his
own act, I have no disposition to interfere here.
I say that the Whigparty have voted, during my
experience^ in Congress, for every extravagant
measure o*f expenditure. It will be recollected
that when the postage bill was brought up in the
first session of the Thirty-first Congress, I took
occasion to oppose that bill, mainly upon the
ground that the reduction of postage proposed
would charge the Post Office Department upon the
Treasury; that the country desired postage re-
i dnced to a point where the Department could sus-
, tain itself. What has been the consequence of
the change of the law? That Department is now
a charge upon the Treasury to the tune of one and
1 a half million of dollars per annum. That meas-
i ure was a favorite of the Whig party, and of the
