1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
honorable gentleman frtfm New York. I assert, !,
without fear of contradiction, that every bill of
extravagance in the Government has been advo-
cated and sustained by the Whig party; and I
repeat that, in no one instance, where the Demo-
cratic party have undertaken to prune the estimates
for the Executive Departments of the Government,
has this Administration acquiesced. In every in-
stance have they gone on, without authority of
law, and made expenditures in accordance with
their wishes, in derogation of the expressed will
of Congress. Why, sir, deficiency bills are of
modern origin. 1 may be mistaken; but, with few
instances in the history of th.e Government, has
" the Executive estimated for a deficiency bill, and
then under extraordinary circumstances. It was
left for this Whig Administration to make defi-
ciency bills a part of the settled policy of the Gov-
ernment; and the abuses are enormous. If the
Executive will not con fine himself, under ordinary
circumstances, to the estimates made for the cur-
rent year, Congress might as well surrender its
guardianship over the Treasury. Over and over
again have those expewditures been incurred, and
we have been called upon to vote for deficiency
bills, including expenditures which have been
stricken out by a prior Congress, in order to save
the public credit; and I, am surprised that any
gentleman, as conversant with the doings of this
House as the gentleman from New York, should
make this broad assertion. I speak what the ex-
perience of the House will sanction. Sir, it may
be the party on the other side of the House ought
not to be responsible for what seems to me to be
indiscretion on the part of the honorable gentle-
man from New York. I am not prepared to re-
main silent in my seat without placing matters in
relation to a Whig Administration on the true
ground. Havin? done so, I am content to await
thejudgment of the country.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment of Mr. Brooks, and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the substitute offered by Mr. Lockhart.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 understood that amendment
was withdrawn. Is it not?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana proposed to withdraw the substitute, but it
was objected to.
The'question was then taken, and the substi-
tute was not agreed to.
,Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order to offer an-
other substitute, this one having been rejected?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I offer as a substi-
tute for this resolution, the bill which I send to the
Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. A bill cannot be substituted for a
resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that is
the rule, and if thegentleman from North Carolina,
and the committee, will indulge the Chair, he will
•tatethat he thinks that this bill, if offered in ihis
committee to be reported to the House, should be
offered as a distinct subject. It will be recollected
that no amendments will be reported to the House.
They are resolutions offered in'the committee, and
they will go up as a whole without any amend-
ments to the House.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I am perfectly willing to
make the motion in the manner suggested by the
Chair. 1 know it is competent for the Committee
of the Whole to report a bill. If I understand the
Chairman aright, then, after the committee deter-
mine upon the resolution, it will be in order for
me to offer this as a distinct proposition.
Mr. JONES. I submit to the Chair, if he has
Dot already decided the question, that when we
adopt the resolution referring the subject, what
will we have before the committee upon which the
gentleman can offer his bill ?
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suggest to
* thegentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. ClIng-
Kas,] as it may be a matter of importance to him
hereafter—and the remarks of the gentleman from
Tennessee tend to the same point—if we go
through this resolution it would dispose of the
President's message, and there will be no way in '
which he can, in order, move this matter by way
of a bill, and he will be cut off from moving it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That was my first impres-
sion, but I yielded to the suggestion of the Chair.
It is very clear that the committee can report a bill
in response to that part of the President's message
which relates to the tariff. I am willing to do it I
in whatever shape it can be done..
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman perceives
that all that part of the President's message will
have been disposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It so strikes me, and there-
fore I think I have a right to move it in lieu of the
resolution, relating to the tariff. The committee
may report resolutions relating to the other por-
tions of the President's message, and a bill in re-
lation to that branch of the subject embracing the
tariff.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state what
his own impressions are, ^nd when tl* proper
point arises, they may be adopted or rejected by
the committee. His own impressions' are, that
when this amendment, now pending, shall be
acted upon—I allude to the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York—this bill may be
offered as an amendment in the shape of instruc-
tions to the committee, to which the resoluti&i
refers the subject-matter.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is not what I desire.
I want the committee to report a bill which the
House can act upon. I do not desire to give in-
structions to a committee which is to act hereaf-
ter. It seems to me that the committee may prop-
erly report a bill, instead of resolutions; and
because some gentleman gets the floor and moves
a resolution, it does not follow that another person
may not offer a bill. I think it is proper at the
present time to present this as a substitute for that
resolution; and if the majority prefer the bill to '
the resolution, why then they will report it to
the House, together with resolutions upon the
other subjects.
I ask, therefore, as the point of order is raised,
that the Chair will so decide, that we may get at
the question in that way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the Chair that the object of the gentleman from
North Carolina, as it seems to me, is to do a thing
. which the rules do not authorise,—it is to super-
sede the resolutions which are now before this
committee, by a bill. The rules of this House
prescribe how a bill shall be introduced,—either
by reports from committees, or upon leave, notice
i; of one day having been given in the House or
J committee. Now, suppose you go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
by a majority, and some member rises and offers
the very "bill which he could not get into the House, j
| then the whole rules of the House are defeated, !
and are got over in that way. 1
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to have a j
vote upon the proposition now pending, and also
upon the bill of the gentleman from North Caro- ,
lina. Now, if 'it is in order for me to offer a bill
as a substitute 
1 The CHAIRMAN. The question, the gentle-
man will recollect, is not debatable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest that it
would be in order for the gentleman from North
Carolina to move to amend the pending proposi-
tion so that said select committee be iifstructed to
report the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no doubt about
that, but I desire that this committee may report
for immediate action.
The CHAIRMAN. In the form in which the
amendment is now offered as a substitute for the
resolution and amendment, the gentleman will see,
I think, that this bill proposes to act upon a single
subject only, and that is, duties upon railroad
iron; whereas the resolution refers to the whole
subject of revenue. It is not, therefore, properly
a substitute for it, and in that form it is not admis-
sible.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is an-
other reason, also. The pending proposition be-
fore the committee is a bill, and requires a joint j
action. It is not pertinent to the pending propo- |
sit ion.
Mr. JONES. We could not change the reso-
lution before us to a joint one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, with a view of settling the question
whether we can report a bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
he has not decided that the Committee of the
: Whole on the state of the Union cannot report   1
bill. He has simply decided that this bill, offered
as a substitute for the amendment and original
resolution of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] is not in order, because the original
resolution refers to the whole subject of the reve-
nue, and this simply refers to the duty on railroad
iron.
Mr. HILLYER. I desire to submit a motion
which I have been advised and believe will be in
order. If it should be decided by the Chair to be
not in order, I will cheerfully acquiesce in the de-
cision.
I move, sir, that the original amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] and the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and the
amendment proposed by myself, and acted upon
by this House, be substituted for the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
LockhartJ 
Mr. CARTTER. What^do you do with my
amendment?
Mr. HILLYER. This motion omfts the res-
olution offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter.] So I am not proposing to substitute
for the substitute offered by the gentleman from-
Indiana, the previous action of this House, as it
stands upon the record. The Chair will remark
that the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Ohio being excluded from the motion I now sub-
mit, I do not offer as a substitute what has been
previously acted upon and determined by the
House.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman could attain his
object by moving to strike out nil of the resolution
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
as amended, except that portion offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question now pend-
ing, is upon the adoption of the amendment as
amended.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair further states,
that it is not in order to takea part of that amend-
ment, and offer it as a substitute. That is the
proposition of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
IIillver.T
Mr. JONES. If I understand the proposition,
of the gentleman from Georgia, it is merely to get
clear of that portion of the amendment offered by
thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] which
| is to strike out, and it is another motion to strike
t out what has already been incorporated by a vote
of the committee. That is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the opinion of the
1 Chair, and he has so decided.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Ste-
phens of Georgia, and Harris of Alabama, were
appointed.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] as amended.
The question v/as then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 15, noes 64; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. HEBARD. Is it in order to move that
the committee do now rise?
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair thinks that the
rule is imperativethattheroll must be called when
the committee finds itself without a quorum.
Mr. HILLYER. There is a misapprehension
on this side of the committee as to the question to
be voted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment offered by the gentlemen from New
' York as amended.
! The amendment as amended was read by the
Clerk, at the suggestion of Mr. Harris, of Ten-
nessee; it was unanimously agreed to have a re-
count.
The question was again put, and theamendment
: was rejected; the tellers having reported—ayes 24,
noes not counted.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I will move, Mr. Chair-
man, if it be in order, the following as an amend-
ment to the second resolution:
And that said committee be instructed to report on or be-
fore the first day of January next, a bill in the following
words:
A Bill to admit Railroad Iron free of duty.
Be it en acted hytke Senate and House of Repretentnfi-es
in Conpret* attembled, That all railroad iron nowimporled
by any railroad company, for railroad purposes, upon which
the duties have not been paid in cash, shall be free frum
