1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
of the lull. I know that it was an informal un-
derstanding of tlie members of the committee that
the cenileman from Maine should have it taken up,
and re \ lest the House to pass it immediately.
Mr. STUART. 1 only wish to say this: I made
an ineffectual effort on the first day of the session
lo set a rule adopted by which we could go to the
business on the Speaker's table; and while I am
prepared to s.iv, that I will not object to this prop-
osition, believing it to be of general utility, yet I
feel obliged to say, that Isha'I vote against, or ob-
ject to any similar proposition hereafter, for the
purpose of compelling the House, if there is no
other way, by tlie united interest of every one who
has bilis here, to so to business upon the Speaker's
table.
The bill was then read the second time.
Mr. FULLER. 1 propose the following verbal
amendment: Insert after the won! " been," in line
filth, the words " orshall hereafter be."
Mr. HAVEN. I know nothing of this bill,
except from hearing it read this moment. 1 think,
however, it is a bill which the commercial interests
of the country require should be passed. If the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. FrLLER] will allow
me to suggest an amendment, I think that there
are two words which should be inserted. The
words " or enrolled" should be added after the
word " register." It maybe of no consequence
upon the sea-coast, but it is of consequence upon
the interidr lakes, for vessels which trade to foreign
countries go under enrollment as well as registry.
Mr. FULLER. I will accept the amendment
of thegendeman.
The question was then taken on Mr. Haven's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ful-
ler's amendment, and it was agieed to.
The bill was then further amended on motion
of Mr. Fi ller, by striking out the word " value,"
in line twelfth, and inserting the word "cost."
Mr. STANLY. I approve the purposes of the
bill and am in favor of its passage; and I suggest
to the gentleman from Maine, if he could amend
the bill by an additional section, it would effect
thesame purpose if heand the Committee on Com-
merce have in view the saving of a great deal of
special legislation. It is a matter of frequent oc-
currence in our history, that owners of vessels
desire to change the names of their vessels under
certain conditions, and Congress generally author-
izesit, whenever theSpeaker's table can be reached
to get at the bills; and when there are certain facts
to show that the vessels have been rebuilt under
circumstances which would justify a change of
name- It will save a great deal of "legislation, and
I would beelad if thetentleman from Maine,being
the representative of commercial interests, would
accept such an amendment.
Mr. FULLER. In reply to the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] I apprehend he
will find, in most of these cases, that when there
is an application for a change of name, it is ac-
companied with the fact of wreck and repairs, like
the cases contemplated by this bill. However, the
suggestion of the gentleman is worthy of consider-
ation; but he will find that insurance offices a'nd
commercial interests generally are very much
averse to a change of the name of vessels, because
it is like an individual clianginghis name.
Mr. STANLY. I shall not interpose any ob-
jection.
The bill as amended was then read the third
time and passed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Ways
and Means, reported the following appropriation
bills, viz;
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the yearendingme 30th
June, 1 54; and
A bill making appropriations for the current.and
contingent expenses of the Indian Departmentand
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 18.)4v which were severally read a first and
second time by their title, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
DELEGATE FROM NEBRASKA.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask leave to present the me-
morial of Abelard Guthrie, praying to be admitted
to a seat upon this floor as a Delegate from the
Territory of Nebraska.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. There
is no such Territory in the country.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that the memorial may
be referred to the Committee on Elections. I de-
sire no discussion. It is a matter which may be
referred.
Mr. JONES. I object. There is no such Ter-
ritory organized.
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps it may be even a
question of privilege, if the gentleman is here
claiming a seat upon this floor as a Delegate from
a Territory. I submit to the Speaker that it is a
question of privilege, and no action on my part is
proposed, except that this memorial may be re-
ferred under the order of the House to fhe Com-
mittee on Elections.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] insist upon it as a ques-
tion of privilege?
Mr. PHELPS. I do not desire to do so. I hope
that the gentleman from Tennessee will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. JONES. I cannot.
Mr. PHELPS. I then insistupon the question
of privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. I supposed that the gentle-
man would not raise the question of privilege,
when I yielded him the floor.
Air. PHELPS. I will, underthe circumstances,
withdraw the question of privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I hope that we will be able
to-day to dispose of the question of referring the
President's message.
FOURTH INSTALLMENT OF THE PUBLIC DE-
POSITS.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman give way
for a moment, and I will promise to renew his mo-
tion. If there be no objection, I ask leave to intro-
duce a bill, of which notice has been given, for the
sake of reference to the Committee on Ways and
Means, viz: "A bill to pay the fourth installment of
' the deposits of the public money, directed to be
' made under the provision of the act of the :23d of
' June, 1836, to the several States entitled to the
' same," &c.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. STANLY. I now renew the motion, that
' the House resolve itself into the Committee of
I the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. EDGERTON. Would not a motion to
go into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, take precedence of the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama'
The SPEAKER. It being Friday, the Chair -
thinks it would.
Mr. HOUS TON. Let us dispose of the resolu-
tion to refer the President's message.
The question was then put on Mr. Edgerton's
motion, and there were—ayes 63, noes 42; no
quorum voting.
Air. CHANDLER demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. gaylord,and Stevens
of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 65.
So the House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, (Mr.
Richardson in the chair.)
DAVID MYERLE.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee was last in session, it had under considera-
tion a bill " for the relief of David Myerle," and
that the following amendment, oJered by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
was pending, viz:
" Provided, That the fund>s hereby appropriated shall
not be paid over until John Cornewall and F. Montinullen,
ofKenlucky, have an opportunity to contest their right to
reimbursement of funds advanced by thern to said Myerle :
Prooulcd, further,That they shall inf-titnle suit for that pur-
pose within ninety days from the passage ofilus act."
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark to
the gentleman from Kentucky that when the bill
was last under consideration, debate upon it was
closed by order of the House.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hate certainly no
; disposition to debate the bill. The temper of the
House was to pass this bill at the close of the last
session. It was postponed until this session under
a pledge which I gave at that time to obtain certain
papers and proofs which would show the untruth
of material statements made by Myerle, the claim-
ant, and by which he imposed upon the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. 1 have those papers and
proofs, but, together with the report of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and some other papers
which were before the House at the last session,
they are locked up in the desk of the seat I then
occupied, and the gentleman who now occupies it,
and who has the key, is absent. I cannot, there-
fore, get at them; and I would be glad that the
case should be passed over until next week. The
claim involves twenty thousand dollars. The bill
ought not to pass. The pretenses set up are un-
true. The Naval Committee reported,and one of
the members of that committee sustained the
claim with great ability, upon a misconception
springing out of the false statements of the claim-
ant to that aommittee, as I shall be able to show,
if an opportunity be afforded me.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is traveling very far from the record, in my
humble opinion. The claim of Mr. Myerle is
principally based upon a declaration made by the
then Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Spaulding, who
entered into a contract with Air. Myerle to furnish
the United States Government with five hundred
tons of water-rotted hemp. I am in the same sit-
uation as the gentleman frbm Kentucky. The
papers 
Mr. HUNTER, (interrupting.) I wish to in-
quire of the Chair if debate was not closed upon
this bill?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. It was. I rec-
ollect offering the resolution myself.
The CHAIRMAN. AH debate was closed at
the last session.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to make an expla-
nation, and I suppose I shall be indulged in doing
that. So far as the impression on the mind of the
gentleman from Kentucky is concerned, in rela-
tion to the judgment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs 
j Mr. HUNTER. I insiston theenforcement of
the order of the House closing the debate.
Mr. GOODENO W. 1 would inquire of the
Chair if it is not in order to move a recommitment
of the bill and report ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is already in com-
mittee. We are considering it in committee.
Mr. GOODENOW. Then I move that it be
passed over.
Mr. FLORENCE. I believe I have the unan-
imous consent of the House to make an explana-
tion.
[Cries of " No!" " No!"]
The CHAIRMAN. There is not unanimous
consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was in hopes the com-
mittee would vote on the bill to day. The whole
subject was cleerly,fully, and I suppose fairly in-
vestigated last session, and I hope the committee
will vote upon the bill. I ask for the reading of
the report made by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Maine
[Mr. Goodenow] proposes that the consideration
of the bill Jie passed over. That can only be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire its post-
ponement, and therefore object.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Is it out of order to
move a postponement of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. JENKINS. Is it not in order to move to
lay aside the bill to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it be recommitted?
The CFT A IRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. JENKINS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky, that if that mo-
tion prevails, and the bill comes into the House,
all its friends will have to do will be to move the
previous question, cut off his amendment, vote
down the recommittal to the Naviil Committee,
and pass the bill.
Mr. HALL. Is it in order to move to lay aside
the bill, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order pending
the proposition of the gentleman from New York.
