86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. IT,
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jen-
nxs's motion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I now move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendauon that it do not pass.
Mr. JONES. 1 submit to the Chair, whether
«ueh a motion is in order while an amendment is
pending? Our rules say that when debate is
closed, the committee s'jall vote on the amend-
ments pending, or that may be offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Tennessee, that the decisions
upou that point have been both ways. The Chair
is of opinion, that the committee will be brought
to vote first on the pending amendment. When
that is disposed of, the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri will be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. JONES. I think it would be better,unJer
the circumstances, to pass this bill owr until next
private bill day. The gentleman from Kentucky
tells the committee that he has facts and statements
with regard to this claim, which are important to
its correct understanding.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is aware
that that can only be done by the unanimous con-
sent of the committee.
Mr. JONES. I suppose a motion to pass it
over would be in order; would it not? «
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ST CART. It must be obvious, that while
the order of the House closing debate is in force,
this question cannot be considered. I move that
the committee rise, that we may get relieved from
the pending order of the House and be able to dis-
cuss it.
The question was put upon Mr. Stpart's mo-
tion, and it was not agreed to.  
The question was then taken on Mr. Breckin-
ridge's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I now move that the
bill belaid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it <fo not pass.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT BARTLETT HINDS.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 149, for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds.
The bill and report were read through by the
Clerk.
The bill provides for payment to the heirs of
Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds of five years' full pay
of lieutenant, being the commutation of half-pay
for life, promised by the resolves of Congress,
with interest from the time it became due.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Assort Die kins, its Secretary,
informing the House of the passage by that body
of an act to amend an act approved the 31st of
August, 1852, in reference to continuing the sur-
vey of the Mexican boundary.]
Mr. GROW. This claim is founded upon ser-
vices rendered by Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds du-
ring the Revolution. It was before this committee
during the last session of Congress, and was dis-
cussed at that time, but objections were then made
to its passage. On this account, I will briefly state
the facts of the case, and the servicea-for which
these claimants ask compensation.
Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds resided at Middle-
bury, Massachusetts, and in 1774, entered a com-
pany of minute-men raised in and about Boston,
before the breaking oat of hostilities. In 1775,
he joined Captain Wori'j company, in Colonel
Cotton's regiment, at Roxbury, and served in that
company eight months. He nexf, in 1776, joined
Ma^ar Elliott's company of artillery, then sta-
tioned at Newport, and continued in service in
that company until he received his commission as
lieutenant on the 11th of February, 1777, and then,
with other companies, was ordered" to Ticonde-
,roga. He marched for that place, where he ar-
rived on the G:h of March, 1777. He was there
at the retreat of the American forces, and com-
manded the rear guard to Otter creek. At(he bat-
tle of Stillwater, he received a shot in hi« right
breast, passing through one lung, which disabled
him for life, and for which he received an invalid
pension under circumstances which I will hereaf-
ter relate. It is that invalid pension which has
raised an objection on the part of some against
granting this claim. After his recovery, however,
he joined the American army at Valley Forge,
and was present with General Wayne at the
storming of Stony Point. In that engagement he
led the " forlorn hope," and was in the service of
his country till the close of the war.
Ou the 15ih of May, 1784, we find, by a certifi-
cate of George Washington, that Lieutenant Hinde
became a member of the Cincinnati Society—a
society which embraced the officers who served in
the Army of the Revolution. That diploma, I be-
lieve, has been taken as evidence in this House,
that a man was in the service of his country till
the close of the war. We find him, after the term-
ination of the war, on Castle Island, Massachu-
setts, under these circumstances. Under an act
of Congtess, recommending the States to make
provision for disabled soldiers, Ji>hn Lu'-us was
appointed a Commissary of Pensions to examine
and determine what pay invalids should receive.
He examined Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds, and here
is his certificate, which sets forth that Hinds was
wounded in the service of the country, that his
wound had disabled him from military duty; but
that he was still able to do garrison or guard duty,
and that, on account of his disability, he should
receive a pension of five dollars per month. With
this certificate, he goes to Caatle Island and serves
his country under this invalid pension of five dollars
per month. And that is the record, I take it,
brought into this House by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,) for the purpose of show-
ing that this commutation should not be granted.
This is the only compensation Lieutenant Bartlett
Hinds ever received from his country, and this
under the certificate of a commissioner appointed
by the Government to examine invalids and de-
termine what pay they should receive. Lucas did
examine this man, and this is his report.
Mr. SACKETT. If I understand the matter,
this is a claim set up by the heirs of Bartlett
Hinds.
Mr. GROW. It is the claim of two children,
only surviving heirs.
Mr. SACKETT. And that the originil claim-
ant at an early period, ander the pension laws
then existing, received such a pension as he ap-
plied for.
Mr. GROW. This was in 1786. He did not
make application for the pension, as I understand
it, but received it under the certificate of Lucas,
the Commissioner of Pensions, appointed under
the resolve of Congress.
Mr. SACKETT. Well, at a certain time, as I
understand it, he received a pension—which must
have been on his own application in some form or
other—of five dollars per month. Now, I ask, if
he was entitled to commutation pay under the
law, as an officer who served till the end of the war
of the Resolution, what impediment is there in
the way of his heirs applying at the proper De-
partment and obtaining it? If he was entitled to
it according to law, what reason is there for com-
ing to the House with the application?
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. In reply to
the interrogatory of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sackett,] I would say that Mr.
Hinds did make application as far back as 1810.
I have now a copy of a letter addressed to Mr.
Eustis, who was at that time Secretary of War.
Mr. SACKETT. Well, why did he not getit?
Mr. FULLER. Why not give it to him now?
Mr. GROW, (resuming.) I would say to the
gentleman from New York, in answer to his in-
quiry, that no application, I think, has been made.
Under the resolution of Congress of the 7ib of
June, 1785, commissioners were appointed to
examine the invalids, and determine what com-
pensation they should receive for their disability.
This man was then oh garrison duty, at Castle
Island, in Massachusetts, and was examined by
the commissioner appointed by tjje Government
for that purpose under this resolution. The com-
missioner decided that he should receive five dol-
lars per month, in addition to his regular wages.
He received thatamountas regular pompensation. !
It was no pension. He made no application to !
the Government for a pension at that time. This j
was under,ihe resolution of Congress to provide
compensation to wounded and disabled men, and
he received this in addition to his regular wages, !
two pounds ger month, I,think; but this was
given him as an addition to his regtilar pay. This j
pay continued till he left the service on Castle ;
Island. And this compensation is brought up
here as an objection to his receiving commutation
under the resolution of 1783 He failed to obtain
it during his lifetime, and his heirs now come
forward and ask that Congress shall pay them
what was justly due to their father.
In 1780, Congress passed an act granting half
pay for life, to officers who served during the war
of the Revolution. But in 1783, another resolution
was passed, giving them five years full pay in lieu
of their half pay for life.
In this brief summary, then, we have the evi-
dence that Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds was in the
war of the Revolution, from its commencement to
its close, and that he was then entitled to commu-
tation pay underthese two acts of Congress, which
he never received. His children now ask that
justice which was promised, but not rendered, to
their father.
After passing twelve years of his life in the ser-
vice of his country, he went down to his grave in
penury and want. Disabled for manual labor by
his wounds, his family were deprived of the com-
forts and means of support which his exertions
otherwise might have furnished. His only sur-
viving children now ask that justice at the hands
of the Government which should have been long
since rendered their father.
Mr. SACKETT. This case was before this
committee during the last session, and I see no
reason why the claim should be granted. If I
understand the case—and I ask those gentlemen
who are more familiar with the case than I am, to
correct me if I am in error—Lieutenant Hind ,
during his life, under the act of 1818, made appli-
cation for a pension. Am I correct there?
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. So I under-
stand it.
Mr. SACKETT. Under the act of 1818 he
made application as a soldier and an officer of the
Revolution, and described himself and his service
correctly, as he thought. He made application to
the proper authorities for such a compensation as
he considered himself entitled to. He obtained it,
and'was in the enjoyment of that pension up to
the time of his death. Am 1 correct in this?
Mr. FULLER. It is true, as the gentleman
; Mates, that application was inade, under the act of
i 1818, for a pension, but it was made after Con-
| gtess had hesitated for years to bestow that bounty
j for which it had pledged the faith of the Govern-
, ment to give. And now for the last nine years
the attempt has been renewed by the heirs of
Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds, but with the same suc-
cess that attended their father-some thirty or forty
years ago.
It is no argument against the justice of theclaim
that Bartlett Hinds did not receive the commuta-
tion pay he was entitled to under the acts of 1780
and 1783. His poverty in 1818 compelled him to
accept from the Government the bounty which
was granted under the act of that year. This
certainly will not be conclusiveevid-nce against the
rights of his heirs to ask and obtain that bounty
to which under the resolutions of 1780 and 1783
he was entitled.
Mr. SACKETT. Did I understand the gentle-
man to say that Bartlett Hinds, in his lifetime1,
besieged Congress ? A re th ere an y such papers oh
the files of Congress, showing that he made ap-
plication to Congress for his commutation ?
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. In 1809,1
think Mr. Hinds was here in person—-at least I
am so informed.
Mr. SACKETT. I want to know what there
is of record—whether there are any records show-
ing that Mr. Hinds applied for commutation?
Mr. FULLER. I cannot say. 1 have never
examined the files of Congress, with reference to
that natter; but [ am informed that Bartlett Hrnds
was here in person, in 1809, and ihat his applica-
tion was renewed at several subsequent sessions of
.Congress.
Mr. SACKETT. I suppose the true history of
the case to be this: that Bnrtlett. Hinds was in the
service of the country in the Revolution; but not
in such a capacity as would entitle him, under the
general laws of the country, to commutation. 1
suppose he so considered it himself, for he made
an application 'o the Department, in the form of an
inquiry, whether he was entitled to commutation.
He was answered that he was not. Under .the
act of 1818, he applied for such a pension as he
was entitled to for his services—describing hinrr-
