1652.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
gelf as an officer for a portion of the time, and as
a private another portion of the time—aria ob-
tained such a pension a* the general laws of the
country authorized the Department to grant him;
and he died in the enjoyment of it.
The question now is, whether, after he has gQne
through life, under this description of himself, in
the enjoyment of the pension he himself obtained
under that description, it is wise in Congress to
pass a special act to place a man upon thecommu-
tation list, on grounds special to himself, when he
does not come up to the standard of the general
law which authorizes commutation—and espe-
cially in the case of a man who had enjoyed a pen-
sion up to the time of his deathI think it would
be setting a precedent exceedingly dangerous. I ;
doubt not there are but few officers who servtd in
the war of the Revolution, in one way or another,
but might assign special reasons for like special
grants. „
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. I would sim-
ply say, in addition to what has already been said
by my colleague, that the evidence before the com-
mittee satisfied them that Lieutenant Hinds—or
Captain Hinds, as he claimed to be—enlisted in
1776, and was either in actual service, or subject
to duty, from the period of his enlistment until
the close of the war. If such be the fact, then,
under the resolution of 1783, he would be clearly
entitled to five years' commutation pay.
Now, sir, as it is objected on the part of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sackett,} and
was objected by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] that he applied for a pension under
the act of 1818, the fact that he so applied is not
conclusive upon his right to commutation pay.
The feet that his name did not appear upon the
list in the War Department, as one of the officers
of the revolutionary war, who were entitled to
this commutation pay, would not be conclusive
either. It would throw upon him the burden of
proof, in his application to this House for relief,
to establish the fact of his service; and if the facts
of hi# service, and that he served until the close of
the war, are established, then he is entitled to the
commutation pay. It is a fact, I am assured by
the representative of Mr. Hinds,—and there are
papera in his possession, or in the possession of
his heirs, to that effect,—that he was here be-
sieging Oonjress for this very commutation pay.
That he did not receive it is not conclusive upon
him. It only shows that Congress were as tardy
then in doing justice as they are now. No doubt
there were then, as there are now, gentlemen,
guardians of the Treasury, properly jealous lest
some hand should seize upon moneys which did
not properly belong to them, and who objected,
as they object to day, to an honest and upright
claim. I hope gentlemen will satisfy themselves
that this claim is honest and just, and this bill
ouslit to pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That Bartlett
Hinds did serve during someportion.of the Rev-
olution, I suppose there is no doubt; but that he
served in such a manner during the Revolution as
to entitle him to commutation, under the resolves
and laws of Congress, I think is not by any
means established in the evidence presented to
this committee. Nowt sir, we are told that he
was pensioned under the act of 1818. Have gen-
tlemen look ed at that application of his to see
what service be himself alleges to have rendered ?
And he certainly knew himself, at that time, what
length of time he had been in service, and it is fair
to presume that he did, in making his application,
and in giving a history of hia services, in order to
establish the facts which would entitle him to the
pension authorized by the laws of the country,
give a full history of his services. I have not,
sir, myself, examined those papers, but I did call
vpofi the Third Auditor to know if there was any
record, or any evidence in his office, showing that
Hinds had served in such a manner as to entitle
hire to com mutation—and 1 believe it is understood
at the Third Auditor's office that they have full and
complete rolls of the Massachusetts troopsin ser-
vice and entitled to commutation. He informed
me that there was no evidence that he had served
in such a manner; and not one iota of evidence is
to be found that Hinds was entitled to commuta-
tion. His letter I had when this case was up at
the last session; and my recollection is, that 1 filed
that letter with the papers in the case. The pa-
pers, I understand, have been mislaid in some
way. That letter was read duringthe last session. !
The case might be somewhat different if Hinds |
weje still living to make application himself; we j
might not scrutinize it with that strictness that we j
now do; but now that he is dead, and it is impos- j
sible for him to receive the benefit of it, those who
com# to claim it should make out a case clear and
beyond doubt. I do not think it is such a case as
this House or this committee should pass. M
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If I un- <
derstand the objections made to this bill by the I
gentlemen from New York and Tennessee, j
[Messrs. Sackett and Jones,] they are not such 1
as to deter me from voting for it. The committee i|
which examined this whole case, have reported j!
, to the House that Mr. Hinds was a lieutenant; j
and they have referred to evidence which, it seems ;
to me, could not exist unless the fact were so. |
The diploma of the Society of Cincinnati alone ;
could never exist unless Lieutenant Hinds were an !
officer of the Revolution; for no man was admitted j
into that society without producing clear and con- 1
elusive evidence of his title to it, either as an officer
or as the descendant of an officer of the Revolu- J
tion. Now, sir, that diploma itself is here. Be- !
aides other proof, that, to my mind, would be clear ]
and conclusive. , , 1
But, sir, when we. allow a committee of this i
House to examine testimony as to facts, I feel
disposed to consider their testimony as entitled to
prevail, unless clear evidence appears to the con-
trary. This body itself cannot examine the facts;
and they cannot themselves decide upon the facts
half as well as the committee can.
But I understand the gentleman from New York
to say that Lieutenant Hinds received a small pen-
sion , not corresponding with the rank of lieutenant.
Mr. SACKETT. 1 did not say that. He re-
ceived such a pension, under the act of 1818, as
he applied for. What that was I do not know.
Mr. GROW. If my colleague [Mr. Stevens]
will permit me, I can explain that, as there seems
to ,be some little confusion about it. June 7th,
1785, Congress passed a resolution containing,
among other provisions, the following:
" Resolved, That it he, and it is hereby, recommended to
the several States to make provision for officers, soldiers,
or seamen, who have been doubled in tlie service of the
United States, in the following manner: 1st. A complete
list shall be made out by such person or persons, as each
State shall direct, of all the officers, soldiers, or seamen,
resident in their respective States, who have served in the
Army or Navy of the United States, or in the militia, in the
service of the United States, and have been disabled irt such
service so as to be incapable ot military duty, wot obtaining
a livelihood bv labor. In this list shall be expressed the
pay, age, and disability of each invalid, also the regiment,
corps, or ship, to which he belonged."
" That each Stare appoint one or more persons, of suit-
able abilities, to examine all claimants, and to report
whether the person producing a certificate, setting forth
that he is an invalid, be such in fact, and it such, to what
pay he is entitled; and thereirpon, the persons appointed ■
to make such inquiry, shall give to the invaflfl a certificate' ,
specifying to what pay be is entitled, and transmit a copy
to the person who may be appointed by the Stale to receive
and record the same."
In pursuance of thit recommendation of Con-
gress, the State of Massachusetts appointed John :
Lucas examiner for that State, and here is his ,
certificate:
" This certifies that Lieutenant Bartlett Hind, an inbab-
itani of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, whobelonged ,
t  the 10th regiment, commanded by Colonel Thomas Mar-
shall, and in Atnasa Soper's company, in the service of the
United States of Ainenea, aged thirty one, as appears by
certificate lodged in the Pension Office, having been ex- |
annned by me, is found to be disabled in said service by
a musket ball through his lungs. And I do hereby certify
that he is entitled to receive forty shillings per month, com-
mencing 7th March, 1786, agreeably to the resolution of
Congress of the 7th of June, 1783, and to an act of the Le-
gislature of the Commonwealth cf Massachusetts ot the 17th
! i March, 1786, and that said Hinds is now fit for guard or gar-
•'Given under my hand at Boston, this tenth day of July, in
the year of our Lord 1786, and in the eleventh yestr ot the
Independence of the United States of America.
"JOHN LUCAS, Commissary of Pentioru."
This is the appointment by the State of Massa-
chusetts of an examiner. And the report of that
examiner gives Bartlett Hinds, not as a revolu- ,
j tionary pensioner, but for the disability he had
I received in the service of his country, five dollars
| a month in addition to his ordinary pay. This
additional five dollars per month he received at the
time he was serving the Government oh guard and
II garrison duty on Castle Island.
:; jyjr SACKETT.' I would inquire of the gen-
1 tleman whether Hinds received that five dollars a
; month additional from 1785 '
Mr. GROW. I suppose that he did.
Mr. SACKETT. Dill he not receive in addi-
tion to that, under the act of 1818, such ft pension
as he applied for?
Mr. GROW. So far as my knowledge extends
he never received a dollar besides the ffve dollars
alluded to.  
Mr. SACKETT. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Fuller] informed me that he did receive a
pension under the act of 1818.
Mr. GROW. He did not. He applied to Con-
gress for a pension, but always failed in his appli-
cation, as 1 understand from very credible author-
ity.
Mr. SACKETT. He made application for
commutation pay but for his services, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] has
given us the whole of the detail of the case; he
received a pension under the act of 1818.
Mr. FULLER. I think he did receive a pen-
sion under that act.
Mr. SACKETT. So it now turns out that he
received two pensions.
Mr.FULLER. I have the certificate of Mr. Cal-
houn, the Secretary of War, that Bartlett Hinds,
late captain in the Army of the Revolution, was
.inscribed on the 3d of April, 1818,on the roll o£
the Pennsylvania agency, at the rate of twenty
dollars per month.
Mr. SACKETT. He received five dollars per
month additional to his ordinary pay, and twenty
dollars per month under the act of 1818.
Mr. GROW. I never understood till now' that
he received twenty dollars per month under that
act.
With the permission of my colleague, I will
read the close of the section to which I have made
reference:
" Provided. That no officer who has accepted his com-
mutation for half pay .shall be entered on the list ofinvalids,
unless he shall have first returned his commutation."
This act, therefore, does not prevent Bartlett
Hinds from receiving his commutation. He would
only have been compelled to give up his commuta-
tion pay, if he had received it, before he could re-
ceive the pension. But he never received commu-
tation, and is not precluded by this act.
Mr. FULLER. The fact that Mr. Hinds re-
ceived a pension under the act of 1818, would not
be conclusive to prevent his receiving commuta-
tion pay; but the reception of commutation pay
by him would be conclusive against his receiving
any other pension.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I Will de-
! tain the committee but a few moments. I under-
stand tjie facts of the case to be these: Lieutenant
! Hinds was a disabled officer, and received a pen-
' sion for the wounds that he had incurred iij. the ser-
i vice. Now, sir, that does not at all preclude him
from receiving commutation. Under, the act of
1 1818, his pension commenced, and ended in 1822
with his death—four years. And why did he re-
ceive that from the Government at that time ? He
had applied to the Secretary of War, as the letter
which I hold in my hand shows, and was told
that he was not entitled to receive commutation.
He then accepted of this pension for four years as
an invalid soldier, and nothing more. It now ap-
pears by evidence which is produced before this
body, that he was an officer in the revolutionary
army; that he served to the end of the Revolution;
and that his commission was never surrendered
before that time. He came, then, clearly and
distinctly within the resolution of 1783, which
granted commutation pay. He was entitled to it.
He ought to have had it; and the amount that he
did receive, was scarcely a drop in the bucket to
that which he ought to have received.
If Hinds had received his certificate at the time
the law required, it would have been drawing in-
terest until this time, -I am told, however, that his
death puts this on a different footing. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] says that if
he were here he would be entitled to it, but his
heirs are not.
Mr. JONES. If he were alive and here, 1
would not be disposed to scrutinize so closely as I
otherwise would.
Mr. STEVENS. If he had vested rights in
1783, those vested rights have never been divested,
and time lias not barred them; and if they were
vested then, they descend to his representatives.
If he had no vested rights, I would give none to
him nor his heirs. Believing he had those rights,
