88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
and that the testimony in the case 13 fuily made
oat, I shall vote in favor of the bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. The bill, as I un- ,
derstand, Mr. Chairman, provides for the pay- i
ment of some sixty years' interest.
TheCHAIRMAN. The provision for payment
of interes' was stricken out by the committee.
Mr. FULLER. I move to amend the bill by
inserting that interest shall be paid from the 22d of
December, 1346, the date of the application.
Now, sir, 1 have no doubt that the heirs of Bart-
lett Hinds are entitled to interest from the time he
should have drawn his commutation pay. I have
offered this amendment tinder the instructions of
the representatives of Mr. Hinds, who are inter-
ested in this claim. That they are entitled to it
from that time there can be no doubt. There is
as much obligation on the part of the Government
to pay the interest as there is to pay the principal.
And the heirs have desired me to state that, unless
they can draw interest from (he date of the appli-
cation, they do not desire to draw anything at all.
Mr. SACKETT. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and also to the bill, and the remarks I shall
submit will apply to both. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who addressed the
committee a moment ago, tells us that he would
not scrutinize this case any more on account of its
being an application on the hehalf of heirs than he
would if it were an original application of the
soldier, and takes the genileinan from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] to task for expressing views of that
kind. I think that there is a little something due
to time and circumstances. There is a feature in
this case which stands boldly out, and demands
scrutiny. This is an application of heirs twenty-
four years after the death of the ancestor; for the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] has
stated to the committee that the application was
made in 1846, and that Mr. Hinds died in 1822—
a claim twenty-four years after the death of the
ancestor, who died in the possession of precisely
the pension he applied for.
Mr. STEVENS. With the gentleman's per-
mission 1 will ask him a question. Do I under- i
stand him to say in reply to my suggestion, that
if the proof be made out, time has anything to do
with it; or does he mean to introduce lapse of time
merely as an item of evidence?
Mr. SACKETT. I mean to Bay that I would
require more certain and positive proof in a case
coming up under such extraordinary circumstances
as this, than 1 would a fresh application made by
a soldier. If time has nothing to do with it—if
the fact of the ancestor being in possession of a
' pension at his death, is to be lost sight of, we are
to close our eyes to the ordinary circumstances
that govern us in transactions of this kind. Con-
tradictory evidence may be lost; it may be spirited
away. Evidence that existed at the time, and
which might have reasonably and properly de-
feated the claim, may not now be here. This case
is distinguished from any other from the circum-
stances that apply to it.
Now, sir, one word to the general features of
the case, and I am done. This is a claim for com-
mutation under the law of 1783. If the heirs of
Lieutenant Hinds are entitled to it under the gen-
eral law, they can apply to the Department of
your Government, ana secure it to-day as well
as Lieutenant Hinds could have secured it in
1783. They have every vested right that he had.
If this be not a special and extraordinary claim
for commutation pay, wherefore this application ?
Why not go to the Department and get itIt is
because, according to the genera! law of the coun-
try, they are not entitled to it, that application is
mad e here. This is a special case of commutation,
and a case, in my belief, diiferent from any other
that has been presented from the foundation of the
Government till the present time. He received a
pension for his wounds of ffve dollars per motuh,
and for his services, a pension from thetime of his
application to the time of his death, of twenty dol-
lars per month.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One word, Mr.
Chairman. I am willing to enter into a compro-
mise with the advocates of this case. If, on refer-
ence to the declaration in which he specifies bis
services, now on file in the Pension Office, it be
found that he alleges to have served in such a man-
ner, and for "such a length of time as would have
brought him within the law authorizing commu-
tation, 1 will withdraw my objection.
Mr. DUNHAM. If 1 understand correctly the
statements made by the advocates of this claim of
the service rendered by Mr. Hinds, there is no
necessity for its reference to the Pension Depart-
ment; for it would be impossible to bring him un-
der the operation of the general law. 1 had occa-
sion, some year or two ago, to examine this sub-
ject most thoroughly, and the original resolution
011 which this liaJt'-pay claim is preferred, required
certain things which, I think, the advocates of
this case cannot show were complied with. If
they were complied with, he must of necessity
have received commutation pay. The original
resolution only gave the half pay for life to certain
officers—officers who were 111 service in 1780,
and who continued in service till the close of the
war.
In 1783 the law was changed, to allow them to
come in, and ins ead of taking half pay for life, to
take commutation pay for fire years, and the indi
vidual officer had not the right of selection. The
officers selected by regiments or lines of the States,
and therefore, if tfie officers of the line of Massa-
chusetts came in and took such steps as entitled
them to commutation pay, this man must, of ne-
cessity, have come in with them. The majority
decided it. In order to show that he is entitled to
this commutation pay, they must show, under the
resolution of 1780, that he was in the service at
that time, and served from that time to the end of
the war. There must be no cessation. If he
went out of the service for a day, it would not do.
Not only that, they must show that the Massa
chusetts line, or some detached corps to which he
belonged, by a majority of the officers, determined
to take commutation pay, instead of half pay for
life; and if they did that, his name must have gone
in with the others. In no state of the case can the
advocates of this claim make out a case.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fuller's
amendment and it was rejected.
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The question was (hen taken, and there were—
ayes 46, noes 26; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Gat- j
lord and Watkins were appointed. 1
The question was then again put, and the tellers
vcportedvayes 64, noes 39; no quorum voting.
[Cries of" Call the roll!" " Call the roll!'*
The roll was then called, and the absentees nqted.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar had had under consideration House bill
No. 149, for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Bartlett Hinds, and having found itself without
a quorum had caused the roll to be called, and the
absentees iftted, and instructed him to report the
fact to the House, with the names of theabsentees.
The SPEAKER. There being a quorum pres-
ent, the committee will again resume its session.
The Chairman of the committee [Mr. Richard-
son*] resumed the chair.
Mr. POLK. I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
in order, while the cbmmittee are in the act of di-
viding.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Chas-
tain and Gatlord acting as tellers,) and there
were—ayes 87, noes 40.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it pass.
Mr. POLK. 1 move that the committee rise.
The question was put, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported j
that a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar had directed him to report House
bill for the relief of David JVlyerle, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass; aqd also House bill
No. 149, for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant j
Bartlett Hinds, with amendments, with a recom- 1
mendatiorvthat it do pass. I
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I havp the floor, I
believe, on this case of David Myerle.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Kentucky will give way, I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Iwill give way.
Mr. POLK. I move that when this House ad-
'I journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next at ths
' usual hour.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House adjourn.
THE MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw that motion for a
moment. A bill has just come into the House
from the Senate, for the purpose or relieving one
of the appropriation bills of the last session from
the restrictions which rendered the whole appro-
priation, as at present construed by the Depart-
ments, inoperative and useless.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion to adjourn
withdrawn ?
Mr. JONES. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask permission of the House
to hear the bill read, and to pass it.
Senate bill, No. 553, was then read,as follows:
" An act to amend an act approved the 23(1 of August,
1852, in reference to the npprnprialion (or continuing the
survey of the Mexican boundary."
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the bill
will be read the second time.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Theanpropriatirm oflhelaat
session is wholly inoperative, and this bill is in-
tended to remove the restriction from a part of it,
but leaves the question of true boundary entirely
where it was before. Can I not move to suspend
the rules ?
Mr. SWEETSER. If the gentleman refers the
matter to a committee, I will not object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would rather do that than
to let it lie upon the table. I am in hopes that the
gentleman from Ohio will permit the bill to be read.
[Cries of" Read it!'' " Read it!"]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the read-
ing. I wish to give notice that I wilt on to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day of the session, offer
the following bill:
A bill for the adjustment of tiles and locations eonffictinf
with swamp land locations.
Mr. MEADE. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman may give his notice under the rules.
~ Mr. DAVIS. I will make my application un-
der the rules, then.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. Was the objection to refer
the bill to the committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
objected to the second reading of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the bill be read a
second time a«d referred to the Committee of the
1 Whole on the state of the Union.
| Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the motion
| for adjournment.
The bill was then read the second time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that the
House will vote down the motion to refer the bill,
and pass it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that the bill will be
put upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to refer it to the
Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no necessity ft>t ref-
erence. The members of that committeeagree as
! to the propriety of the passage of this bill. Every
thing has been secured which we desired by the
act of Congress at the last session; but now the
survey of the Rio Grande is arrested because they
are unable to survey any portion of the boundary
which is under the restriction imposed at the lost
session. It is proposed to relieve that restriction
by this bill, and it ought to be passed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
So the House refused to refer the bill.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr."JONES demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sweet-
msr's motion, and it was not agreed to.
The bill wab then ordered to a third reading,
and, according to order, received its third read-
ing.
