1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I hope, according j
to the suggestion which was thrown out on Thurs- ,
day last, that the Senate will come to a vote on
this question to-day. It is due to Mr. Meriwether;
it is duet# Mr. Dixon; it is due to the State of
Kentucky; and I think it is due to the business
before Congress that it should be terminated as
soon as possible; and I am glad that very liule of
the blame for its delay, so far, falls to the charge
of this side of the Chamber. I regard the question
before us as a very important one; and as 1 ex-
pect, in my vote, to differ from many distinguished
gentlemen for whose opinions I entertain the high-
est respect, [ shall claim the attention of the Senate
while I very briefly give the reasons which will
influence my vote, without entering, to any extent,
into the arguments on either side.
The right to be represented in the Senate of the
United States, is one of the most important rights
of the States as such. It is an important feature
in our Constitution. Here the States, as separate
and distinct communities, meet on a perfect equal-
ity; and the smallest State in the Union has pre-
cisely the same voice and the same weight as the
largest State; theframersof the Constitution, after
much deliberation, and I think very wisely, came
to the conclusion that the State Legislatures were
the safest depositories of so important a right as the
choice of Senators. Another thing occurred to
them—that vacancies might happen when the State
Legislatures were not in session; and as to be repre-
sented here at all times was a matter of importance,
they provided that "if vacancies happen, by resig-
' nation or otherwise, during the recess of the Le- ,
' gislature of any State, the Executive thereof may j
' make temporary appointments until the next ;
* meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill 1
' such vacancies." This, to my mind, establishes j
two points: First, that a Senator here has a right to
vacate his seat by a resignation; and in the second ,
place, that the authority given to the Governor is [
merely temporary, and the appeal is made to the
Legislature as exercising the most full and com-
plete power over these appointments. No one, I
believe, in this case, has pretended to doubt that
Mr. Clay had the right to resign. At the time he
sent his resignation to the Legislature of Kentucky
he was a member of this body, up to March 3,
1855; he had a commission from the constitu-
tional authority of the State of Kentucky, as a
Senator in this body up to that period. No one
Can question that. That authority had been con-
ferred by the Legislature, accepted by Mr. Clay,
and made complete. The Constitution, then, au-
thorizing him to resign the whole or a part of that
term, early in December last he resigned his seat
in the Senate of the United States, to take effect
on the first Monday of September last. That was |
an absolute act, so far as he was concerned. To
whom should he resign ? Clearly, I think, to that
power of his State which conferred the commis-
sion. If, then, he had the right to resign, the ;
Legislature had the right to accept, and when they |
did accept, it was an act complete, creating a va- ,
cancy in the senatorial term of one of the Senators
from Kentucky, from the first Monday of Septem- 1
ber, 1852, until March 3, 1855. No one has pre-
tended to doubt that if Mr. Clay had lived up to the j
first Monday in September, and Mr. Dixon had I
then presented himself here with his credentials, !
Mr. Clay would not have been entitled to his seat ,
any longer, but that Mr. Dixon would have been j
entitled to the seat. That admission carries with
it what I think is fatal to any other construction: |
It is, that the act of resignation was complete and .
beyond the control of Mr. Clay. The precedent i
in the case of Mr* Bledsoe, which has been cited !
very frequently in this debate, fully sustains this
vi#w of the case.
If, then, the act of resignation was complete, there
was a certain, fixed time at which a vacancy in the j
term for which Mr. Clay had been elected, did ex- I
ist. With regard to its operation in futuro, if, when ;
living, he could not have withdrawn it, does the
circumstance of his death alter the case ? It seems >
to me clearly not. We have Mr. Clay's opinion !
that he had the right to resign, for whatever it is [
worth, and his expressed opinion, also, that the
Legislature then in session had the right to fill the j
balance of his term. We have, then, the deliber- j
ate expression of the opinion of the Legislature
of Kentucky—the State directly interested in this !
matter—that they had therightto fill the vacancy, I
although u was set so as to happen at a future [
time. If Mr. Clay and the Legislature fell into
an error in the matter, they fell into that error
from the decisions of the Senate in cases precisely
similar in principle, because the death of Mr. Clay
did not make any difference. If a resignation and
acceptance creates a vacancy, the act was com-
plete. The precedents cover that ground. A man
may resign and the Legislature may accept; that is
the principle involved. Then, sir, I say if they fell
into an error, they did so from the practice of the
Senate in precisely similar cases. But I do not
think that they did fall into an error. My opin-
ion is, that they exercised a right which tifey
were constitutionally entitled to exercise. I can
see no difference in principle between electing a
Senator before his time of service commences, who
shall serve here for six years, and in the same
manner electing one who shall serve but three
years. It is, in both cases, the exercise of the
power by the same authority—by the State which
is represented. The Senator, in the one case, ex-
ercises all the authority and powers vested in his
office as much as the other. There is no distinc-
tion in the matter. It has been the universal prac-
tice, and I think the right one, that the Senate
should always be kept full by elections whenever
the time at which the term of service of the Sena-
tors will expire is known to the Legislature; and
to be known by the Legislature, it must be fixed
and determined. In the case of Mr. Sevier, I
think that principle was established. The Senate
accepted his appointment by the Governor, because
the time at which his term would expire, and the
new term begin, could not have been known to
the Legislature. I think that was the principle
laid down in the report of the committee in that
case.
Then, in my opinion, we gather this—and it is
a conviction from which I cannot escape—that it
was the intention of the framers of the Constitu-
tion to vest primarily in the Legislatures of the
States the power to choose the Senators. I there-
fore cannot consent to give so technical a con-
1 struction to the Constitution as to defeat the in-
tention of its framers. If I ever would be disposed
to give a liberal construction, and carry out fully
and effectually their views when they were plain
to me, it would be certainly in those cases which
involve the rights of the States as separate and
distinct communities. In this matter we have the
i views of the State of Kentucky; and, sir, it would
| be extremely dangerous, and might defeat the very
I object which the framers of the Constitution had
in view, to go into a technical construction of
' words, so as to exclude everything which we could
1 not make technically come within it. Take an
! instance: Every one will admit that the framers
of that instrument have shown an anxiety to keep
the Senate full—so much so that they have given
the appointment of Senators, in cases of vacancies,
to the Governor of the State, at the time. No
one can doubt that that vfras their intention; yet
the$ have used language which, if technically con-
strued, would defeat that intention. The article
which I have read from the Constitutionaays that
" if vacancies happen duringthe recess of the Le-
• gislature of any State, the Executive thereof may
' make temporary appointments until the next
' meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill
' such vacancies." There is no absolute provision
made for cases where vacancies happen while the
Legislature is in session; and yet would anybody
pretend so technically to construe the Constitution
as to say that, because it was not provided in ex-
press terms that they should have a right to fill
a vacancy which happened while they were in
session, therefore they could not fill such a va-
cancy ?
These are, in short, the reasons which have in-
fluenced my mind to cast the vote which I shall
do. I am glad, in doing so, that I feel myself
ranged upon the side of the rights of the States.
Disregarding any political influences which may
exist, I feel I am carrying out the views and opin-
ions expressed by the Legislature of Kentucky,
the tribunal in which the power to choose Sena-
tors is primarily vested by the Constitution, by
voting that Mr. Dixon, who has their commis-
sion, has a right to take his seat as one of their
Senators.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, since I ad-
dressed the Senate in favor of allowing Mr. Dixon
40 take the seat he claims provisionally, it has been
pleased to receive for consideration a proposition
to admit him without reservation as a Senator
from Kentucky.
The action of the Senate, at least in one event,
will be canvassed throughout the country, and for
: many years; I shall therefore assign the reasons
for my vote.
The question involves a construction of the
Constitution.
The only portions of the Constitution touching
the case are these:
" Art. I, Sec. 3. The Senate of the United States shall
be composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by
, the Legislature thereof, for six years."     * «o. [m_
; mediately after they shall be assembled in conseqnence of
the first election, they shall be divided as equally as may
be into three classes. The seats of the Senators of the first
[ class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second year
of the second class at the expiration nf the fourth year, ani
of the third class at the expiration of the sixth year, so that
one third may be chosen every second year; and if vacan-
cies happen by resignation, or otherwise, during the recess
of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may
make temporary appointments until the next meeting of the
Legislature, wliifch shall then fill such vacancies.
| "Sec. 4. The times, planes, and manner of holding
| elections for Senators and Representatives, shall he pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the
Congress may at anytime, by law, make or alter such reg-
ulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators."
Kentucky has prescribed in this matter for her 
self, and Congress has not, at any time, by law,
" made or altered any regulations concerning it.
The following facts make up the case: On the
17th of December, 1851, Henry Clay was a Sen-
ator from Kentucky, chosen by the Legislature,
for six years, which would have expired on the
3d of March, 1855. Being so a Senator, he re-
signed by a communication to the Legislature of
of Kentucky, declaring that it was to take effect
on the first Monday in September, 1852. The
Legislature, then in session, received the resigna-
tion, and chose Mr. Dixon to fill the vacancy
thus to occur, from the first Monday in Septem-
ber, 1852, to the 3d day of March, 1855. The
Legislature then adjourned. On the 29th day of
June, 1852, duringthe recess of the Legislature of
Kentucky, Mr. Clay died, and the Governor of
that State made a " temporary appointment" of
I Mr. Meriwether as a Senator from Kentucky, to
hold the seat until the first Monday of September,
I 1852. Mr. Meriwether immediately took the va-
cant seat,and held it until Congress adjourned on
the last day of August, 1852. On the 6th of De-
; cember, 185JJ, the Senate reassembles, Mr. Meri-
j wether does not appear, and Mr. Dixon appears
j and presents his credentials, and claims the vacant
, seat.
j Manifestly, Mr. Dixon is one of two Senators
; " chosen by the Legislature" of Kentucky, " for
' six years," and he was chosen to fill a vacancy
i which has happened in the term of Mr. Clay,
i The whole question turns on the point, How
\ did this vacancy happen? Mr. Clay resigned,
| fixing the first Monday of September as the day
| when he should vacate his seat, and died, never-
theless, a Senator before that day arrived. Mr.
| Dixon was appointed by the Legislature when
in session, before not only the day which Mr.
Clay's resignation fixed for his retirement, but
also before Mr. Clay's death.
We who maintain Mr. Dixon's title, insist
that the vacancy happened by Mr. Clay's resig-
nation. On the contrary, those who deny Mr.
Dixon's title, insist that the vacancy happened by
Mr. Clay's death.
Four questions arise:
First. Can a Senator resign?
Second. Can a Senator resigning, appoint afuiure
day for his retirement from the Senate ?
Third. Can the proper appointing power receive
! such a resignation, and prospectively fill the va-
i cancy ?
j Fourth. If the Legislature so prospectively fill
the vacancy, can the appointment bedefeatedky the
' death of the resigning Senator before the arrival of
; the day fixed for his retirement from the Senate ?
If a Senator can resign, and can so resign pros-
I pectively, and if the Legislature can so fill the
vacancy prospectively, and if their action cannot
be defeated by the death of the resigning Senator,
then Mr. Dixon's title is good, valid, and com-
plete.
The first question is expressly decided by the
Constitution, which declares that vacancies may
" happen by resignation."
The second question is decided by an unbroken
succession of precedents from the foundation of
