1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
ator from Kentucky, resigned bis seat to take
effect at a period some eight months in advance of
the date of the resignation. He resigned in De-
cember, to take effect in the September following.
Gentlemen on the other si le say that iiis resigna-
tion created a vacancy. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Unherwood,] who argued
the case with so much ability on that side, put
this question: Can there be a vacancy when
there is an officer prepared and qualified to fill the
place? t unhesitatingly answer, there may be.
1 might as well be asked, is that seat vacant when
a eentleman is standing by prepared to sit in it?
Until he occupies it, it is vacant—palpably so to
the senses.
These prospective resignations may or may not
have validity; I do not consider it necessary to
discuss that question. But if they have validity,
they are utterly invalid until the time arrives when
they are to operate. Now, is it not most offensive
to one's judgment, to say that the seat occupied
by the late lamented Senator from Kentucky was
Vacant while he was here occupying it physically,
'or while he lay sick at his lodgings, occupying it
potentially? Is it not a contradiction in terms to
say that the seat was then vacant, when he was
discharging all the functions of a Senator with all
its privileges and immunities? Yet the honorable
Senator from Kentucky says the seat was vacant
from December until September. What was the
language of Mr. Clay's resignation? It was that
he resigned, to take effect at a given day. How
* can it be said that a vacancy existed until that res-
ignation did take effect? I agree entirely with
what was said by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois. There was no vacancy until that time ar-
rived, and whether that resignation should ever
Create a vacancy or not, waa an event purely con-
tingent.
Can there be two vacancies existing at the same
time? Is it not an absurdity upon its face, utterly
irreconcilable with language, that there can be two
vacancies existing at the same time in the same
terra ? And yet gentlemen are driven to that in
Order to maintain that a vacancy occurred when
Mr. Clay tendered his resignation, and that an-
other vacancy was afterwards created by his death.
How can there be two vacancies existing at the
tame time in the same term ?
I have heard Senators say that the office of a
Senator, like any other office, is in some sense the
v property of the holder; and they have illustrated
It, as I think was done by an honorable Senator
from "South Carolina, by this question: Is it not
Competent for a Senator to surrender a portion of
his term, and to reserve to himself the rest of it ?
I eay emphatically, No.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Virginia will
allow me to correct him. I did make a few re-
marks in the running debate on this suhject the
other day; but he has perhaps imputed language
to me that he has heard me use out of the Senate,
and not that which I did use in the Senate. While
I am up, I beg leave to make a suggestion. As I
am the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, I should dislike very much that this subject
should be referred to that committee, after what
has been said; and therefore, as it is a question of
privilege, in which Mr. Dixon, Mr. Meriwether,
and the Stateof Kentucky are all deeply interested,
I would suggest that we settle it at once; and if
that is the general understanding, I shall perhaps
submit some remarks to the Senate, but in doing
so I shall endeavor to put my propositions so
clear and distinct that there may not be any mis-
understanding.
Mr. MASON. I am perfectly satisfied to.take 1
the vote upon the question, and settle it at once, 1
although I should have preferred its reference to a
committee; and I shall have to vote, without such
reference, on my own judgment. Perhaps I as-
cribed to the honorable Senator who has just taken 1
his seat sentiments that fell from some other Sen-
ator; but I certainly did hear this question put by ]
way of illustration: " Is it not competent for a
Senator to surrender a portion of his term and re-
•erve the rest?" And it has been said what he
has reserved is so far his own, as that he may sur-
render it or reserve it at his pleasure.
Sir, 1 look upon the office of Senator in a differ-
ent light; I regard it as a trust—emphatically a [
trust, which the officer may discharge or not at ,
his pleasure, but he must do the one thing or the I
other. He mutt fulfill the trust and discharge the |
duties of the office, or he must resign it, and place
it in the power of the constituent body to sub-
stitute some one who will discharge the trust. If
he can surrender, as it is contended, a part and
reserve the rest of the term, and treat it in the
nature of property rather than a trust, honorable
Senators would seem to argue that he may parcel
it out at his pleasure, without regard to the pleas-
ure of the constituent body, or to the Constitution.
If it was competent for Mr. Clay or any other Sen-
ator to resign his office nine months ahead, might
he not do so for seven, for six, for five, for four,
tor three, and for two months? and what he had
reserved, according to that argument, would be
entirely unimpaired by what he had parted with,
so that it would be in his power to parcel out his
term and let as many different Senators take the
seat as the vacancies numbered. 1 am perfectly
aware that it has been the practice of the Gov-
ernment, not alone in the Senate, but in other
departments, to permit prospective resignations.
1 have always considered them as resignations in
piesenti to operate in faturo, and to be inchoate
until they did operate; to have no effect whatever
as resignations, except to bind the parties who
should mak€ them, so that they could not retract
them, but to have no effect as resignations until
the period arrived for their taking effect. They
are inconvenient, to say the least of them. There
is no propriety, 1 do not mean individual pro-
priety, but there is no legal or constitutional pro-
priety in their being made. They may now and
then be made with a view to convenience in the
appointing power, in order that there may not be
even a momentary vacancy in the seat; but 1 can
conjecture great practical inconveniences which
might ensue from an indulgence in that practice.
However, whether they are to be made or not,
wears now, for the first time, clearly informed,
by the accidental death of the gentleman who
made the resignation, that, if they pre permitted,
the practical inconvenience will result, that you
will have two vacancies existing in the same term
at the same time.
Sir, 1 am constrained to look at this question
! judicially, and in no other light. I have no guide
i but the Constitution. 1 know that this vacancy
occurred " during the recess of the Legislature
of Keutucky. 1 know that the Governor of that
State commissioned a Senator,- who occupied that
seat during the last session. 1 know that that
seat has never been resigned by him. And what
farther do 1 know ? 1 know, by the letter and by
the spirit of the Constitution, that when the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky issued that commission, he
discharged the whole function that was devolved
on him by the Constitution. He could do no more
than make the appointment, and how long that
appointment was to last was a matter dependent
upon the Constitution, and in no sense dependent
upon him. If, then, he undertook to do more,
either advisedly or unadvisedly; if when he issued
1 the commission he attempted to withdraw the
office from the operation of the Constitution as to
its duration and to prescribe for it a shorter term,
I submit that what he did was merely void; and
so far as the duration was curtailed, it was to that
extent surplusage.
It was in that light I know, that I looked upon
it when the question was raised here by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, or some other Senator at the
time the incumbent, as I now treat him, took his
seat. It was said that the commission was of a
novel character; that it prescribed the duration of
the office of the appointee under it, and that the
question should be raised at once whether a Sena-
tor could take his seat with his commission so ;
worded. According to my recollection, I said
nothing, but 1 remember distinctly, my own judg-
ment was, that if the commission was issued in
pursuance of the Constitution for the purpose of
filling the vacancy, it did fill the vacancy, and that
whatever else it contained, was mere surplusage,
and was of no effect. I still look at it in that light.
I cannot consider that there is any existing va-
cancy in the representation in this body from 1
the State of Kentucky. If that be the fact, with
all possible respect to the action of the Legisla-"
ture of Kentucky, what it has done is also sur-
plusage.
But what disrespect can be construed toward
the Legislature or the people of Kentucky in pass-
ing this decision ? Had we not an instance from
the State of Illinois within the last three or four
years ? A Senator was sent here from that State
who was declared to have been ineligible at the
time he was elected by the Legislature; and when
he came here we were obliged to pass upon the
act of the Legislature, and declare it null. The
time that elapsed, however, between the period of
election and its vacation, rendered the party who
had been thus sent here as Senator, eligible, and
he was again returned by the Legislature. There
was no disrespect to the Legislature nor to him in
sending him back. There was none entertained,
and none felt. So it is in this instance in reference
to the Legislature of Kentucky. If the Constitu-
tion has not authorized that Legislature to do what
it has done, it is our duty so to decide. 1 feel it
to be mine, and I shall perform it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise, not for the pur-
pose of making an argument, but to make an ex-
planation. I did not contend,as the Senator from
Virginia, who has just taken his seat, seems to
have understood me, that there was a total and
absolute vacancy in the whole term, from the res-
ignation of Mr. Clay, in December last, up to the
3d of March, 1855. On the contrary, 1 contended
that there was no such thing;but I did contend that
Mr. Clay, having the right by his resignation to
divide the term, and to surrender that portion of
it which remained from and after the first Monday
of September, the "portion thus surrendered be-
came vacant from that day, and the Legislature
had a right to fill it by anticipation. The reference
of the gentleman to the case of a trust, furnishes
a very apt illustration of what I insisted upon. A
chancellor may appoint a trustee for a portion of
time, and appoint another trustee for another por-
tion , both making up the whole period of the trust.
That is not at all uncommon. He may select a
trustee to discharge the duties from and after a par-
ticular day, and say that from that time the whole
management of the estate of an infant, or of a per-
son of unsound mind, shall devolve upon that ap-
pointee; and then for particular reasons he may
select another trustee, to manage the estate up to
that period.
I rose for the purpose of saying, that I did not
contend for a total, absolute vacancy in the whole
term from December, 1851, up to 1855; but that I
insisted upon the right of the Legislature and Mr.
Clay—both united, agreeing and assenting—to
divide the term, and when It was divided the part
surrendered became vacant on the day fixed, and
he had a right to retain the reserved portion up to
the first Monday of September. In the mean time
his death occurred, which, according to my argu-
ment, created another vacancy from its occurrence
till the end of the reServed time. The case of a
trust, referred to by the Senator from Virginia,
gives a good illustration of this; for a chancellor
may appoint different trustees to fill an entire
term.
Several Senators. " Question!" " Question!"
Mr. BAYARi.). If the Senate are determined
to take the question this afternoon, of course 1
shall not trespass upon their patience. I did de-
sire, however, to address the Senate upon the
questions involved in this case, as to the validity
of the election of the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, deeming them of great moment, and
not exactly agreeing in the sentiments and opinions
which I have heard from any Senator on this
floor, though I agree with the conclusions of some.
If, however, the Senate desires to take the ques-
tion now, I shall not interpose any difficulty, for
I would not pretend to address the Senate at this
late hour, as it was my purpose to discuss the
question at length.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on his amendment; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire simply to state that in
consequence of the necessary absence of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] with whom I
agreed to pair off on this question, I shall decline
voting.
Mr. BORLAND. I move that the furlhercon-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow. I do so for the reason that there art
Senators who wish to discuss it further. I do noa
allude to myself; but there are others who desire
to speak; but the day is now so far advanced that
they are unwilling to enter upon a discussion
which may involve some time. I think it is a
courtesv due them, inasmuch as the question has
been discussed at length by others, that they
