98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
proached in the prosecution ot these claims, than
there are by the present rules of this House.
I will say in conclusion, that if there is to be
«ny chang* in our policy, and we are not able to
mete out ample justice to the citizens of the coun-
try who have claims against the Government, let
us open our courts ofjustice to them, where they
can obtain justice. "1*0 that point we shall have
to come, before the demands of our constituents
and justice are satisfied. 1 will detain the House
no longer.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not see
any possible difficulty which can result from the
adoption of this rule. The report of the general
committee on claims, according to this rule, will
not by any means be conclusive upon the House.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] who
has just addressed the House, seemed to argue as
if it would. It will not, sir. Every member of
tHe House will have the same right then to record
his vote against any claim; he will be in the same
position to guard the Treasury, and to keep it
from being robbed; yes, sir, from being robbed,
as he has got now.
I am n<$t disposed, Mr. Speaker, to look upon
claims against this Government, generally, as med-
itated robberies. I am inclined to think there are
a great many unjust claims presented before the
Government, but I think there are a great many
just ones which have been sleeping here for half a
century, perhaps longer. But if gentlemen were
to open tne courts of justice, and let the Govern-
ment become a party, the Government would be
compelled by the juries of the country, to pay
millions which this House has not paid, and which
preceding Houses have not paid. I am not pre-
pared to that I would send claims to courts of
justice.
But, sir, our present system of investigating
claims is a very bad one. All know that. By
the rules of this House we spend two days of the
week upon them. We waste time enough, but
what progress do we make? As the gentleman
from Mississippi says, one of these days is called
objection day, and that is a useless day. No dis-
cussion is allowed. A claim is taken up, the Clerk
reads a long report to the House until he is hoarse,
to which perhaps not more than fifteen members
of ^he House are listening. Then some one says I
"I object!"and thus ends the matter for that day.
This we know by experience. And on discussion
day, after the same length of time taken up in read-
ing tbe report', a few members speak to the ques-
tion, while not half a dozen are listening. When
a vote is taken, the committee finds itself without
' a quorum. And the balance of the day is con-
sumed in calling the roll.
Now,sir, I think if these two days weredevoted
to public business, and fifteen members of this
"House were selected by the Speaker, and put
upon this geperal committee on claims, to which
all such matters should be submitted, the interests
of the Treasury and the right of claimants would
both be bettor protected than under the present
system. I see, as I said in the begin^jng, no pos-
sible evil, either to the Treasury, or to claimants,
to arise from the establishment of this rule. - Its
adoption would be one step in the right way, and
I am, therefore, inclined to support the resolution.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose that every gen-
tleman's mind is made up on this question.
. Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Georgia permit me to suggest an amendment
which I wish to offer"?
Mr. STEPHENS. I jrtlthear the gentleman's
" Suggestion, and for that purpose withdraw the call
for a moment..
Mr. RICHARDSON. I propose to amend
the proposition by limiting the time at which the
Committee shall report this general bill to the
House—say forty days before the. close of the
session.
Mr. STEPHENS. Letthem report when they
are ready ; I cannot withdraw the call for the
purpose of introducing that amendment. The
House at all times willhave the controlof this, as
it has of every other committee under the rules of
the House.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the previous question
will be withdrawn. It is too important a matter
to be pressed in this way.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the House will |
vote down the previous question. ]
The House was then divided on the call for the
previous question, and there were 62 in the affirm-
ative, and 67 in the negative.
So the call was not sustained.
Mjr. CLEVELAND. I agree, Mr. Speaker,"
with the gentleman from Georgia, , [Mr. &te-
phens,] that this is a matter of some importance
to claimants. I believe we all shall agree that
some better mode than we now have should be
devised for the purpose of doing justice to private
claimants. We know that men who have claims
against this Government, as just and as legal as
one man c-in have against another, are denied a
trial of them, year after year—some ten, twenty,
and even thirty years ormore. Now this certainly
is not right. We have the power to deny justice,
and we use that power.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
has offered a proposition to the House by which
he proposes to aid tbe claimants, and at the same
time to guard the Treasury. So far as his inten-
tion is concerned, I certainly go with him. That
something should be done, we all agree; but 1 ask
the gentleman to look at it, and see if he will
thereby accomplish the object he has in view. If
I understand the use of this committee, proposed
by the gentleman's resolution, it is to pass upon
claims which have received the favorable consid-
eration of the now existing Committee on Claims.
If I am wrong, the gentleman will correct me.
Its cluty is to reexamine and report upon the 1
claims which are favorably acted upon by the how
existing committee. Now, I ask whether that is
doing justice to the claimants who go before that
committee, and find a majority of the committee
against them ? I ask whether the great body of
claimants who go there to adjudicate their claims, ,
and are rejected—and far be it from me to say that
the committee is so perfect as not to reject a jus?
claim—are not precluded from any consideration
of the committee of fifteen ? They are shut out
entirely; and so far as I understand the object of
the mover, and the effect of his resolution, it is
virtually to deny to a man, who is so unfortunate
as to have a majority of one on the Committee on
Claims against him, the right to have a trial before
the committee of this House. 'Is it -not so ? Is
not that the effect of jiia resolution? And is
that the kind of justice that we are to .extend to j
these men, and tell them that we do it for the pur- |
pose of enabling them to have a speedy trial, and 1
to have justice done them? Why, sir, so far
from (ftt, this House will see that the effect of the
resolution will be to add insult to injury. It denies
to the man who happens to have against him the
report of the Committee on Claims, the right of a
trial in this House.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (interrupting.)
If my friend will allow me, he is altogether mis-
taken in that part of his argument. A claim which
shall be rejected before the committee, will have
precisely the same chance in the House which it
now has. When the bill comes before the Com-
mittee of the Whole, a member may offer it as an
amendment; and if he can get it in, it is all right
enoqgh.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I am much obliged to
the gentleman for the correction. He says, but
with a good deal of significance, t/he can get it in,
he will have a trial. Everyone knows that the
object of the appointment of this committee if? to
shut them out, and if that is not tta effect of it, I
beg to know, when this bill is offered to the House,
if we are to have every man who differs with the
majority oftheordinary committee, movingamend-
ments to it? If so, clearly this additional ma-
chinery will require additional water and wind
power, and will be productive of anything but
speedy justice to claimants, whidh is the object the
gentleman has, no doubt, in view. In the adop-
tion of the resolution, you will add troublesome
machinery, which, instead of promoting the in-
terests of honest claimants, only throws obstacles j
in the way of a fair trial. How are private bills J
now brought before us? Every one knows that i
the claim when presented is referred to one of the !
standing committees, which committee, as the or-
gan of the House, gives the member having the
claim in charge a hearing, and reports to us on
the facts submitted. The bill, if favorably reported
on, is then referred to the Committee of the Whole
House for its examination. After being consid-
ered there, it is reported back to the House for
final action. And I do not understand the gentle-
man to propose to do away with the aclirin of the
committee in the House. Under, his resolution,
the same course is to be pursued as is pursued
now.
I ask, then, whether this resolution will remedy
the crying evils admitted on all hands to exist ?
Clearly not. All complain of the neglect of action
on the part of the House, and not the neglect of
action on the part of the committee. Each one
of the members of the Committee on Claims has
five, ten,or twenty reports to submit on claims in-
vestigated at the last session, but have not yet had
the opportunity to report. During the Ir.st ses-
sion they were precluded from reporting to the
House in consequence of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands having exhausted day after day, till the
termination of the session, the time set apart for
the reception of reports from the standing com-
mittees, and private claimants were the sufferers.
If the House were willing now, instead of wasting
away Friday and Saturday, the days appropriated
by the rules for the consideration of the business
on the Private Calendar, siruggling to get up other
business, in the consideration of and action on
Crivate claims, I believe there would be cause for
ut little corjplaint. Business then would be
dispatched witn more promptness than if this ad-
ditional and complicated machinery were added.
And would it not be fairer to those who have their
claim rejected before the Committee on Claims to
have them presented and considered by the Com-
mittee of the Whole House ? The great difficulty
is not obviated by the gentleman's resolution at alt.
It is a difficulty growing out of the disposition on
the part of the House, and which found a mouth-
piece in the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser]
this morning, to consider every man who comes
here with a claim as a robber of the Treasury.
What chance has an honest clnimant before men
who deem themselves specially charged to guard
the coffers of the Government? I deny that any
member has the rijht to protect the Treasury
against just and righteous claims on the Govern-
ment, because he has the power so to do, any more
than a private individaal has the right to plead the
statute of limitations against a claim he knows to
be just, and which he honestly owes his neighbor.
The remedy is within our reach, and that
remedy should be applied. It is that members
on Fridays and Saturdays should be in their
places, and attend to this peculiar kind of busi-
ness. The creation of a new committee would
not dispose the House to devote the two days in
the week more strictly to private business than it
now does, and when the general bill should be re-
ported by the proposed committee of fifteen, those
whose claims happened to be rejected by the pri-
mary committee, would move their claims as
amendments, deeming injustice had been done
•them; and that general bill would occupy more of
the time of the House than the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill now does. It is not fair,
and will not remedy the evil that exists. That it
was intended to remedy it, I have no doubt. That
the evil exists, none deny. It is a great one, and
needs a remedy. That remedy is in our hands,
and duty demands that we should apply it. The
remedy is to attend to cases reported from the
committees, and mete out justice as promptly as
it can reasonably be done.
If additional legislation be the object of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, in my judgment it would
be better that the Speaker should be authorized at
each succeeding session to appoint a Claims Com-
mittee, to have power to sit during such time as
they may find it necessary for the investigation of
claims; and, if needs be, to hold their session du-
ring the recess of Congress, with authority to re-
port at any time. This, it seems to me, would be
a better proposition than the one for the establish-
ment of a board of claims, or the present one for
the appointment of a committee of fifteep, with
powers of revision. I am as unwilling to loosen the
purse-strings of the Government without reason,
as any other member; but when a claimant comes
here, his claim should be investigated and acted on
as speedily as possible When a man says he is
the creditor of the Government, the Government
ought to have enough honor and sense of justice
to respond, that if he satisfies the representatives
of the people that the claim is a just one, it will be
willing to pay it.
