1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
aippi, then, is simply calculated to aid small claim-
ants who are not able to hire agents to worry their |
bills through this House; and for that reason I i
•hall give it my support. 1 do not desire to reply
to ail the objections which the gentleman from
Michigan urges against this bill. I do not see
that it alters the existing rules in relation to
claims, except that it allows this class of persona
who have small claims to have justice done them
sooner than they otherwise would. Instead of
laying them over from session to session, and allow-
ing: them, perhaps, finally to fail from wantof atten-
tion, this investigating committee wilt give them
their examination,and if they decidein their favor,
will report them to the House; and if the claim-
ants are entitled to relief, they will receive it in a
reasonable time. They will not be delayed ses-
sion after session, until finally, if the claimants are
poor, thev are compelled to abandon them alto-
gether. f shall give the resolution ray support.
Mr. WASHBURN. Mr. Speaker, I agree
with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Campbell]
that the great object to be accomplished by the
House in the passage of this resolution is to bring
the claims of individuals upon the Government
before this House, and secureaction of some kind
upon them. We cannot expect any system under
which full and complete justice shall be done; but
it seems to me this is a step in the right direction.
It is not what is best, but is, perhaps, the beet we
can get. The objections a reed against this reso-
lution by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Si-uaKt] are not sufficient to justify my opposition
to it. His objection, that it embodies ana unites
many claims in one bill, is, if true, worth some
consideration; but it is an objection which applies
to all the appropriation bills, and if well taken in
this case, we ought at once to reform the practice
of the House in reference to all our appropriation-
bill 8; for it is no more important to appropriate
money for the uses of the Government than it is
to do justice to its cititem.
Bat I do not think, after all, there can be any
very great practical hardship or burden to the con-
science invotrrf in the objection which the gentle-
man from Michigan urges with so much emphasis,
that he may be compelled to vote for ten appro-
priations he dislikes, because there are forty in the
bill which he thinks are meritorious, and ought to
be passed, because he may call for a separate vote,
and vote against the items that he would reject in
Committee of the Whole, and then he may call
for a separate rote, and call for the yeas and nays
in the House, upon- each item in the bill, even-
though the previous question has been ordered. In
this way he may defeat any unjust appropriation
which could bedefeated in anyother way, or by any
other system. Therefore, he will suffer no hard- 1
•hip, and will occasion by his vote no injustice to the
country, which would not be occasioned under the
present system. There is not, then, any substan-
tial objection to the resolution on this account.
If 1 heard the resolution aright, it provides that any
one member may demand a separate vote upon
any one item, and upon that may call the yeas and
nays, even though the previous question had been
ordered. What will be the operation practically ?
All the items not objected to will be voted upon
in the mass; then the clauses objected to will come
up separately to bevoted on. Out of fifty items, >
the gentleman objects to ten; they are set apart; he t
votes against them teriatim; some of them he de- ■
feats; some p^ss. Such pass as would have passed,
if we could nave got to a vote under the present sys-
tem; and such fail as would have failed. Defeat-
ing one does not in any way prejudice another.
They are not so dependent upon each other as to
involve this result. Andshould a false claim pass,
the gentleman voting against it would be no more
responsible for it, than he would be for an amend-
ment made by the Senate to a House bill, and sub-
sequently adopted by the House against his rote.
This would be the practical operation.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Clkve- \
lajtd] has correctly remarked, that there is un- 1
questionably nSed of a remedy for small claimants, j
There are many of them who have come up here ,
year after year, session after session, and are un- |
able to obtain justice. But that remedy, he says, ;
is not in this committee. It is in the House. But j
is there any remedy in the House? But the gentle-
man himself answers the question, for he says, i
almost in the same breath, that he believes a ma- j
jority of the members of the House are not dis- |
posed to apply the remedy. We must then look
to bringing thesi claims before the House for
action, in some such manner as that suggested by
the gentleman from Mississippi. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Mississippi, stripped
of what does not belong to it, of the horrors and
.dangers with which the fears and imaginations of
gentlemen hare surrounded it, embraces simply
a method for bringing reports of committees be-
fore the House for action—that claims may be
passed upon. Under the present practice this is
nearly impossible, and to reject this resolution is to
deny justice to those the Government owes. This
resolution, I hare said, is not what is demanded,
i would hare a board on claims—a commission
on claims. Tb|t is what justice to individuals,
and a regard for the true interest of the country
requires. 1 do not suppose there is any chance
for us to obtain that now. This is better than
nothing. It brings these claims which have been
favorably reported upon by the several committees
of the House, directly before the House. It in-
sures action. It is a guard upon the Treasury,
because those bills which are reported by the
other committees must be subject to the supervis-
ion of this joint committee, and having under-
gone that supervision, we may have increased
confidence in their justice.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I hope the res-
olution will be adopted, though I think it requires
some amendment. There should be a provision
that the committee should report at the long ses-
sion by a specified period, say the fiist of June
or July, so that there should be time to examine
the report, and see what has been recommended,
in order that we may act understandingly. And
there should be a similar provision for the short
session; a report, say by the 1st of February.
1 think this suggestion of the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] a good one, and I would
like to have it adopted; and I am not sure but it
would be well to hare the resolution amended, so
that this general committee should act upon the re-
< ports whether favorable or unfavorable, and in
that way, bring all thefte claims directly before
Congress.
Mr. STANLY. I commend the effort of the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to bring
about some reformation in reference to private
, claims; but of all the propositions ever presented
; to Congress, this strikes me as the most imprac-
i ticable, if not impossible. The difficulty is in our
: organization. Nine members already compose
' the Committee on Claims, and they cannot or will
not attend to their business. I do not mean the
present Committee on Claims, but I refer to those
committees from time immemorial. The business
all devolves upon a few of them. It is difficult to
get a quorum of the best committees, and when
you have a bare majority, their clerk very often
makes the report, submits it to the members, and
they adopt it. Now, sir, large bodies more slow-
ly. A Committee on Claims, composed of fifteen
members, even fifteen of the best members of the
House, would be the greatest nuisance the House
erer imposed upon itself. You would never get
all the fifteen together, and if you should, they
would do nothing. It would be much more rea-
sonable to have a committee of three, selected by
the Speaker, who are really as fond of work as
my colleague, [Mr. Daniel,] the chairman of the
Committee on Claims, who likes to delve in those
hard matters, to the examination of which almost
all the members of the House feel a reluctance.
But the difficulty is inherent in the constitution of
this body.
Nor is it any better in the Senate. Go there and
see how they pass private claims. When private
claims come up for consideration, look at the seats
of honorable Senators—sometimes not a dozen
members present. They are like ourselves, and
cannot be brought to examine private claims with
much attention.
Let this committee of fifteen get together, and
I suppose eight will constitute a quorum; will
these eight be better men than the present com-
mittee of nine on claims ? Now, if you put law-
yers upon that committee, generally better quali-
fied for such labor than other men, they hate hard
work without compensation, and hate to work
here, when their efforts are unavailing, and when
the House will neither hear arguments nor read
report*. How do committees often go to work ?
They parcel the claims out, handing them over to
some member who feels an interest in them, and
who comes from the section of country where the
claim originates. He gives them a favorable con-
sideration, and his reports are accepted by the
committee, and they pass into this general omni-
bus bill, which comes up here on Friday or Satur-
; day, and the moment theHouse goes to the con-
! sideration of one of these private claims, and a
i gentleman gets up to make an argument, out we
Eour from all these doors,justas those who have not
een inoculated do, from an omnibus when some
1 one announces that the small pox is in there, and
weleave theHouse without a quorum. The defect
is in this body. We cannot attend to the examin-
ation of private claims, and give them that atten-
tion they ought to have. We cannot hear the evi-
dence, and whether we can or not, we will not;
and no House of Representatives ever did.
How did the Galphin claim get through Con-
gress? No one knows; but it got througn with-
out any one attending to it—without anybody
knowing it.
While I commend the effort of the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] to bring about
some reformation in this matter, yet his propo-
sition is practically for the benefit of the Gal-
phinizers of the Government; it will have that
effect; it will increase the swarm of those who
now hover around this House; log-rolling for pri-
vate claims will begin, and the Treasury will be
bankrupt. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] said the other day, when the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] was talking about
some reformation of the tariff, that he would leave
j that for the incoming Administration, that he would
let them adopt great measures of reform if they
desired it. I think it was well said; this is a mat-
ter of as much importance to the country as any
reformation of the tariff, and I say, Mr. Speaker,
leave that for the incoming Administration. If Mr.
Pierce's administration and his friends in Con-
gress, will establish a board of claims or some
other and better tribunal; some court inferior to
the Supreme Court, which will allow the honest
men of this country, which "Will allow the widows
and orphans to bring their claims to a hearing, in
one form or another, they will confer upon them-
selves immortal honor, and will reconcile me, es-
pecially as I cannot help myself, to four years of
Democratic rule; they will thereby do an immense
deal of good.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Campbell,]
says we want this provision for the benefit of
small claims. Does it limit the amount? Will
you not give a man an honest hearing because he
claims $100,000 instead of $100 ? But there is no
limit to it.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, we shall take no hasty steps
in a matter of this sort; this wouldfix an impracti-
cable, and I repeat, an impossible scheme upon this
House. Of all things in the world to constitute an-
other Committee on Claims, to do nothing, or to do
worse than nothing, at the outgoing of an Adminis-
tration, is impolitic and impracticable, and I hope
my friend from Mississippi.[Mr. Brown] will take
this matter into consideration, and look at the bills
hitherto reported upon the subject of establishing
boards of account. Something, I think, we ought
to hare, and something like that we must have; it
is a disgrace to us, that we virtually deny our peo-
ple the right that most monarchr grant theirs, a
right to be heard in their demands against Govern-
ment. Anything is better than establishing a board
of claims among ourselves here. It will be a bill
for the benefit of claim agents and for the relief of
those who have friends in Congress; not a bill for
the relief of honest claimants. I hope no such
thing will be done; it will ruin the Treasury, and
will do incalculable mischief. I will add no more,
especially after the strong arguments and sensible
remarks made by the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Cleveland,] and from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. FREEMAN. Will the gentleman from
New York withdraw the call for a moment? I
wish to offer an amendment.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I withdraw the call.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbobt Dickins, Esq., the
Secretary, informing the House that the Senate
have agreed to the amendments of the House to
Senate bill No. 448, entitled "An act to authorize
