102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue registers to
vessels in certain cases; also that the Senate have
passed a bill of the House for the relief of James
A. Fawns, without amendment.]
Mr. FREEMAN offered an amendment to the
resolution of Mr. Brown; which was read, as fol-
lows:
Amend by striking out all after the word " resolved,"
and insert, "that the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the necessity and propriety of giving
to the district courts of the United States full powers at
law and in equity, to hear and determine all domestic claims
against the Federal Government; and that said committee
report by bill otherwise.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Mississippi whether the provis-
ion he proposes to ingraft upon the resolution is not
in conflict with the Constitution ?
Mr. FREEMAN. Not at all; and if the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will explain the effect of
it. The Constitution oftheUnited States provides
that 110 money shall be drawn from the 1 reasury
without an appropriation made by law. The pro-
posed amendment would enable any claimant
throughout the United States to have a decree,,
either for him or. against him, in the district court
of the district where he resides, and he would
not be compelled to travel all the way to Wash-
ington for a fifteen dollar or a thousand dol-
lar claim. But the Committee on the Judiciary
will take care they report a bill to provide that the
district attorney shall appear in court, in behalf
of the United States, whenever any claim is pre-
sented there; and that when any decree or judg-
ment is granted in favor of the claimant, the same
shall be certified and presented to the Congress of
of the United States for an appropriation to be
made according to law.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me, if not
to every man here, that this is a right to which
every citizen in this Republic is entitled. Claims
against the United States are brought here thou-
sands of miles from all the States and Territories
of the Union, at great expense to claimants; and
they are accumulating before committees like Pe-
lion upon Ossa piled" There they sleep the sleep
of death. The people of this country ought to
have speedy justice done at their doors.
We frequently discuss a claim here of fifteen
dollarsor more, day after day, costing tie country
some twenty-five hundred diollarsa. day; thus
spending more in adjudication than in payment;
but if the district courts were permitted to examine
them, all unjust claims would be rejected at the
cost of the claimants, while the costs upon just
claims would not be a tithe of the present tax upon
the Government. The district courts and district
attorneys can attend to it in connection with their
. ordinary duties without any inconvenience what-
ever, without additional pay, and atfarlessexpense
to the claimants. If the claimant goes into court
with a fraud olent claim, he is sure of being defeated,
■ and he pays his own costs. This penalty would
stifle attempts at fraud. In theState of Mississippi,
we have a special provision giving to our superior
court of chancery power to examine claims against
the State. 1 have some practical knowledge upon
thatsubject, having been counsel for my Statesome
eight years, and I know, sir, it has relieved the
Legislature from a vast amount of business before
-its committee on claims. 1 believe my colleague,
[Mr. Brown,] who introduced the resolution, will
testify that the experiment has been highly benefi-
cial in our State, and I can see no reason why it
should not b« applied to the'General Government.
The vast territory overwhich we have jurisdic-
tion, and the great number of claims which are
incumbering the Journals of Congress from all
Quarters, make it evident to every man that as
things are now conducted, justice cannot be done
to the claimants or the Government. Sometimes
we pass fraudulent claims, and oftener refuse to
pass, good ones; and in this way we are doing
gross injustice daily. The Senate and House con-
sist of two hundred-uid ninety-aeven members.
Whata farce and a folly it is to- pay this enormous
:'jury each eight dollars per day; with attendant
' officers, to adjudicate a claim, when a single judge,
or at most a judge and jury of twelve men would
dispose of the matter without delay, and at com-
* paratively no cost.
Mr.SACKETT. This scheme is conceived in
a commendable spirit. The real object of the
■mover of the proposition, t suppose to be to
■ facilitate the passage of honest and just claims
through this House. I wish to know of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] because I
I do not know myself, in what manner the propo-
sition does in fact facilitate the passage of any
claim through this body ? In the first place, a i
petition for the claim has to be presented, and
then, in tlhe next place, that petition has to be re; ;
ferred to one of the standing committees. Cer- '
tainly thus far it has no effect whatever.
Mr. CLEVELAND. With the gentleman's
permission, I will tell him what in my opinion
will be the effect it will have. When a claim is
referred to a standing committee of the House,
that committee will be very likely to say: "We
have masters over us, and there is no need to
trouble ourselves about the matter. We will re-
port, and let the General Committee pull the labor-
ing oar." When from that committee it has been
sent to the General Committee, they will say:
" The committee below has reported in favor of
the claim, and there is no need of our troubling
ourselves about the matter. And in that way, as ,
has been correctly remarked by my friend from
North Carolina, [Mr- Stanly,] the door of the
public Treasury will be opened to Galphin and
similar monstrous frauds. That will be the effect
of it.
Mr. BROWN. It is utterly impossible that the
response of the gentleman from Connecticut to my
friend from New York can be correct. He says
that the committees will say " we have masters
over us, and we will do nothing." I do not believe
that the committees of this House would say so.
It is not possible that they would thus neglect to
do their duty. He says they will write briefly
"we report "favorably." The rule requires that
they shall make their report in writing, and that
report is to undergo the supervision of the other
committees. How can a committee undertake to
supervise a report which merely states " we report
favorably?" The report must be in writing. To
make a sensible written report, investigation must ,
be had. This is your guarantee that the commit-
tees will do their duty.
Mr.SACKETT. Without undertaking to say
what the practical working of this system would
be, whether committees would feel the same re-
sponsibility, were there two committees upon the
same  ubject, that they dqw 4*,' I look directly at
;ihe question which lies renlylt thebottom of this
move, and that is, whether it will facilitate the
passage of just claims through the House? And
I have reached the point of the primary commit-
tee reporting to the House without the slightest
influence by this reyising committee one way or
the other. How does it facilitate the adoption of
a given report on a claim that is just and ought to
; pass, if the present rule of having that claim come
before us, as it now does, is to be changed so that
the report from the primary committee shall have
to be referred to another committee, to be there
• examined and reported on before final action can
be had on it by the House ? It may increase the
chances in the view the gentleman froiji Connec-
ticut has Btated, but in that view alone. It in-
deed, combines a class of bills together, to be log-
rolled through the House, but offers no other
facility. In every other view it diminishes the
chances for the passage of honest claims.
Mr. BROWN. The. gentleman is again mis-
taken; for one of the great difficulties, as all of us
know, is the way of getting private bills passed.
I think the greatest difficulty is that you have not
the means of reporting to the House at all.
Mr. SACKETT. How does this increase the
facility of reporting?
Mr. BROWN. You send the report directly
from the committee of nine to the committee of ^
fifteen,and then that committee, instead of having
, two or three hundred bills to report, has but one.
j Mr. SACKETT. The gentleman says that the
1 primary committees do not report to the House at
[ all. Why, sir, that is not according to the rules
! of the House.
Mr. BROWN. It will be if thw resolution be
■ adopted.
I Mr. SACKETT. That gives the proposition a
I more objectionable feature still. The primary re-
! port is not to be made to the House until it comes, if
i at all, from the revising committee. If that com-
! mittee see fit not to make that report, it never will
i reach the House, and that committee can never
| report until near the end of the session, as it can
| make but one report, and not even that till after
all the standing committees have made their re-
ports to the committee of fifteen; so that no report
can be made on a single claim in any case tin the
last days of the session, and then only such as the
committee of fifteen see fit to report, regardless of
the action of every other committee of the House,
and to be passed or defeated without debate, right
or wrong. But there are other objections. I wish
to inquire of the mover of the resolution for in-
formation on the subject, whether this scheme does
not override th e existing parliamentary law that pri-
vate claims shall not be tacked to one another by
amendments? Now individual bills are reported
in favor of separate claims, and when a rule is
adopted that claims without number may be con-
nected in the sume bill, I would ask what reason
there would be that I may not get up and move an
item, without an accompanying report, to be
added to the bill as items are' added to the appro-
priation bill, and in that way avoid reports alto-
gether? If there is nothing in the resolution
guarding against it, and I think there is not, that
most salutary check upon fraud and combinations
to accomplish fraudulent purposes will be utterly
destroyed. You will have a general omnibus bill,
so steeped in corruption that no power can resist it,
or so offensive to the moral sense of the House
that even an honest claim will not stand the
slightest chance of passage. This is another very
serious objection to the resolution, a reason that
should forever defeat it. Experience has taught the
Committee on Claims, as a guard against the re-
introduction of bills in different forms for the same
claims at different times, to so frame the bills re-
ported by them that they shall be descriptive of
the claims they are intended to adjust, and any sub-
sequent committee of Congress can readily ascer-
tain whether a bill, as passed, was intended for
the payment of the entire claim and interest, or to
cover only partially the rightsof the claimant. As
I understand the mover Of the proposition, the
general committee are to report a general bill, with
items appropriating to AB $3,WO, and to C D
$10,000, and so on. The items of the bill are not
intended to be descriptive of the claims, and to
show whether it was designed to- liquidate the
whole claim or only a portion of it. That is
Another very serious objection to the resolution, in
my judgment. Taking this view of the case, I
shall vote against the proposition, and now, in
compliance with my promise, 1 renew the call for
the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the call for the previous
question, that I may be enabled to submit to the
House a few suggestions. I shall net detain the
House long.
Mr. SACKETT. With the permission of my
colleague [Mr. Seymour] I will withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. SEYMOUR assented, and the call for the
previous question was then withdrawn.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to call attention to
the injustice done individuals who have claims on
this Government, by the refusal of this House to
consider and act upon those claims. We cannot
go outside of the bar but what we are made pain-
fully conscious of our neglect of that kind of busi-
ness. So pitifully powerless have we become in
regard to our own proceedings, that although the
people outside of this Hall are subjected to vexa-
tion, and see ruin staring them in the face, we can
afford them no hope. What man, of feeling can
be else than afflicted most sensitively at such a
condition of things ? Gentlemen everywhere will
admit that something ought to be done for private
claimants now—that they have been neglected too
long; and yet we have gentlemen here making the
broad assertion that ninety-nine cases of a private
-nature out of every hundred which come before us
are unjust, and ought not to be paid. It is not
true; and I say so, not because I Delieve the gen-
tleman who said it would state intentionally any-
thing that was untrue, but because I believe it to
be a figure of speech too exaggerated. It is not
right, and we know it. "
There is such a thing as a right on the part of a
citizen against the Government—a right to have
the wrongs inflicted on him by the Government
redressed. How will he get redress ? Can he get
it by coming to this House ? If it had been stated
that ninety-nine out of every hundred just and
righteous claims have , to be abandoned by those
who present them, in utter hopelessness of relief,
