104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
Dec. 21,
Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Grow, Harper, Hart, Has-
call, Hebard, Henn, Hibbard, HoNaday, Horsford, Hous-
ton, John W. Howe,Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, J. Glancy Jones,
George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz, Letclur, McDonald,
McMullin, Meacham.-Millsoii, Morehead, Mornson, Mur-
phy, Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Peaslee,
Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Price, Riddle, Robie, Ross,
Sackett, Savage, Schernierhorii, Schoonmaker, David L.
Seymour, Origen S Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Abr'in P. Stephens, Stuart, Sweetser, Thurston,
Townshend, Walbridge, Wallace, Welch, Well«,and Wil-
drick—By.
So the resolution was not adopted.
Mr. EWING here obtained the floor.
Mr. STANLY. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 move that the vote just taken, by which
the House refused to adopt the resolution, be re1
considered, and that the motion to reconsider do
lie upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope gentle-
men will not permit the motion to lie upon the ta-
ble to be pressed until we have had an opportunity
to look into the resolution.
[Cries of "duestfcn !" "Question!"]
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
Chair a question. If the motion to lay upon the
table should not prevail, and the House agree to
reconsider the vote they have just taken, will the
previous question have exhausted itself?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STANTON. Wili it be then in order to
offer an amendment to the resolution ?
The SPEAKER, The resolution will then be
open to amendment.
Mr. STANTON. Then I shall vote against
laying the motion to reconsider on the table.
[Cries of " Question !" "duestion!"] •
Mr. McMtJLLlN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ewing] rose as soon as the last vote
was announced, and was recognized by the Chair.
The gentleman from Virginia cannot take the floor
to move an adjournment until the Chair has ascer-
tained the object of the gentleman fromJCentucky.
Mr. EWING. I desired the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if my motion is not a privileged motion?
The SPEAKER. It is, but the gentleman from
Kentucky * asks the uo nimc;us consent of the
House to introduce his resolution, and the Chair
must state the question.
Several Members. Read for information.
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
Resolvr.d, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of a resolution, pro-
viding for an amendment of the Constitution in such a man-
ner as to authorize Congress to require that the electors for
the Presidency and Vice Presidency (except the two sen-
atorial electors) shall be chosen in each State by separate
districts, instead of by a vote of the whole State."
There was no objection, and the resolution was
accordingly introduced and adopted.
Mr. POLK here obtained the floor.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
I moved to lay the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to pass the resolution
of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
on the table. I ask that that vote may now be
taken.
MRS. MARGARKT L. WORTH.
Mr. POLK. I desire to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Houae,thai a committee of conference
may be appointed, ta meet a; similar committee
upon the part of the Senate, in relation to the pen-
sion of the widow of the late Major General
Worth. The bill failed of final action last session
for the want of time to dispose of the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the gentleman will make
his motion, and have it entered. I do not wish to
interfere with the gentleman's object; but I msist
that the vote shall be taken*upon my motion.
There was no objection, ana Mr. Polk's motion
was received, and agreed to; and the Speaker au-
thorized to appoint a committee.
The question recurred upon Mr. Stanlt's
motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion.
Mr. CARTTER. I object to any resolution -
being introduced until the motion of the gentleman [
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanli] is disposed
of.
[Cries of " duestion !" " duestion!" and con-
fusion.]
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was"taken, and upon a division
I there were—ayes 63, noes 76.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded tellers,
| but they were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The*question then recurred upon the motion to
lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were demanded, but only
nineteen rising in the affirmative, they were not
ordered.
The question was then taken,and the motion to
reconsider was ordered to lie jipon the table—
ayes 83, noes not counted.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid to Franci6 H. Smith, out of
the contingpnt fund of tiie House, one hundred and fifty
dollars, for liis services in reporting the evidence taken be-
fore the Committee on the Judiciary relative to the charges
against the Hon, John C. Watrous, district judge for the
district of Texas.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to suspend the rules.
, I offer this resolution under the instructions of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HART. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put,-and the motion was
agreed to, and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
By Mr. J. W. HOWE: Five several petitions, numerously
signed by the citizens of Venango and Clarion counties,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to establish a post route
from Franklin,, in the former, to Tylcrsburg, in the Utter
county, on the old State road, via Clairberry and Pinegrove
townships, in Venango county, and Clinton Furnace, in
Clarion county, to the village of Tytersburg.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The petition of 8t> citizens of Wis-
consin, for the establishment of aiiiail route from Warsaw,
the county seat of Marathon county, to Showno, on Wolf
river.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FREE VIAN gave notice that he would on to morrow,
or some subsequent day, a-k leave tojintroduce a hill to give
to the district court/ol the United States jurisdiction to try
and determine all private claims against the United States.
FBTJTION8, he.
The following petitions and memorial ^Were presented
under the role, and r«fcrred tnthe at>prc>priate <H>ainntte««
By-Mir. CLEMEN3tTh^jWiittift Of Peter Yarnall*and
99 other citizens of Wheeling, in favor of a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit with the several
States the lourth installment of the deposits of the public
money, directed to be made with said States by the act ap-
proved June S£i, 1836.
By Mr. GROW: Thirteen petitions, containing 973 names
of citizens of Pennsylvania, asking tor the abolition of the
office of chaplain in Congress, the Army and Navy of the
Uuited States.
By Mr. ROBBINS: A petition, signed by John Sharp
and 28 other citizens of the county of Philadelphia, asking
Congress to modify the bounty land act of September 28,
1850, so as to give each person intended to be benefited by
said act, and the seamen and marines who served in said
war, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. HOVI>, of Kentucky: The petition of Patsy
Flora, widow of William Flora, deceased.
By Mr. AVERETT: The petition of Nathaniel R. Cole,
for half pay, ae provided for by the act of July 5,1832.
By Mr. IVGKRSOLL : The petition of the ship-owners
and others of New Haven, and of the Chamber of Com-
merce, for an appropriation to erect a custom-house in the
port of New Haven, Connecticut.
Also, the petition of Franklin Kelsey, of Middlelown,
Connecticut, for an appropriation by Congress to test an
improved method of his for propelling all kinds and classes
of vessels, and that the same may be tested in the Navy of
the United States.
By Mr. IVES: The petition of the President and Secre-
tary of the Watertown and Rome Railroad Company for the
construction of breakwaters at Cape Vincent harbor. New
York.
By Mr. BERNHISEL : The memorial of the Governor
and Legislature of the Territory of (Jtah, asking Congress
for an appropriation of $60,000 for the construction of a
Territorial road, commencing at Great Salt Lake City, and
extending in a southwesterly direction to the eastern bound-
ary of the State of California.
By Vfr. ROBIE: A petition &r a mail route from Rough
and Ready, in Steuben county, New York, by way of
West Union, and by Joshua Sluyter's, in Troupsburg, to
the Brookfield post office, in Tioga county, Pennsylvania,
and from thence to the Westfield post office, in Tioga
county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Charles M. Howe,
of Benton, New Hampshire, praying for compensation far
military services, as heir of Abraham Safford.
By Mr. SCUDDER: The petition of Selina C. Sumner,
wife of Captain Thomas li. Sumner, who is now insane,
asking pecuniary aid for him and his family, as a reward lor
his scientific discovery, by which a ship's position at sea
may be ascertained when no observation of the sun can be
had.
Also, the petition of George Mars ton and 70 others, for a
beacon to be erected on the " Deep Hole Rock," in the
Vineyard Bound, Massachusetts.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 21, 1852.
jj [Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of the Cleve-
land, Painesville, and Ashtabula Railroad Com-
pany, praying that the railroad from Cleveland to
the line between Pennsylvania and Ohio, and so
much of the Franklin Canal Company's railroad
as extends from the State line to the city of Erie,
be established as a post road; which was referred,
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have a me-
morial from the American Peace Society, signed
by the Hon. William Jay, their president, and
the other officers of the society, in which, after
setting forth the calamities of war, they conclude
by asking the Senate formally to declare its con-
vw^tion that it is expedient for the Executive de-
partment of the Government to enter into com-
munication with foreign Powers, inviting them to
form treaties with the United States, binding the
contracting parties, in the event of any future mis-
understanding which cannot be adjusted by nego-
tiation, to refer the subject to the decision of an
umpire to be appointed for the occasion. The
principle which these memorialists desire should
be affirmed by this body,has already been affirmed
by formal resolutions reported by a late mem-
ber of the Senate from the State of Mississippi,
[Mr. Foote,] on behalf of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, but the Senate never acted
upon these resolutions. 1 therefore now move
the reference of this'memorial to the Committee
on Foreign Relations; and as it is carefully and
elaborately prepared, setting forth with great clear-
ness the jwayer of the memorialists, 1 would ask
that it be printed, which motion, I believe, goes
to the Committee on Printing.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and the motion to print it
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of the
president and directors of the Evansville and Illi-
nois Railroad Company, praying a donation of
land to the State of Indiana to aid in the construc-
tion of that railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the memorial of
Eugene Plunkett, praying Congress to purchase,
for distribution among the citizens of the United
States of Spanish origin, a work prepared by him
containing a translation, in Spanish, of the Decla-
ration of Independence, the Constitution of the
United States, Washington's Farewell Address,
and other similar documents; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. NORRI8 presented the memorial of Ed-
ward S. Meader, praying an increase of the pen-
sion he now receives; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AN I) REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, it w s
Ordered, That the petition of William G. Bucknor, ex-
ecutor of John J. Bulow, jr., on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROOKE, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to repeal all
laws now in force imposing duties on railroad iron;
i which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER. I have a resolution to offer,
which is:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to inform the Senate why he has not complied with the res-
olution adopted on the 19th of M^ch last, requesting bin
to give the names and the number of the employees engaged
upon the M(iican boundary, together with a statement of
the amount of money expended upon the said work.
