1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
patriotism or of truth by those invidious encomi-
ums, which, while they elevate one, depress many
by the contrast they exhibit. General Scott lea
to Mexico an American array, composed of volun-
teers and regular troops, equal to those to be found
in any other service, bell where it may, in phys-
ical power, in honor, in valor, in patriotism, and
in intelligence. The progress of that army is
almost without a parallel in ancient or in modern
warfare, by the disparity of force it encountered
'aiui overcame, by the celerity of its movements,
and by the uniform success of its operation, under
circumstances of great trial and difficulty, in the
midst of a hostile people, and cut off from their
own country, self-dependent and self-sustained.
Armies were dispersed or overthrown before oar
gallant country men, fortresses fell at their approach
or attack, and the capture of the capital terminated
the campaign, aud, in fact, placed the nation at
our mercy. One incident which marked these
splendid efforts gives them a deep interest and a
romantic character, which we may seek in vain
in the records of national contents. For many
days ouradventurous army was lost to their coun-
trymen and to the world. Relying upon the gal-
lantry and superiority of his troops, the Generctl
adopted the hardy measure—wise as it proved by
its success, but rash, as it would have been de-
nounced, had it failed—of abandoning his commu-
nications with the coast, and therefore with his
country, and of committing the fate of his army
to a forward movement into the heart of the ene-
my's territory, and to a vigorous attack upon the
capital. We all remember with what anxiety this
decisive movement was regarded, and how we
waited, with almost painful solicitude, for tidings
from our brethren engaged in a perilous conflict,
and shrouded from our view by the cloud that
rested jipon them. But ere long this obscurity
gave way, like the veil that covered and then re-
vealed the Trojan hero—
" tiuum circumfasa repente,
Sctndii se oube*, et u ether* purgal apertum,"
and we saw our flag upon the towers of Mexico,
and the campaign brought to a glprious conclu-
sion.
In these operations, so gratifying to our pride
and so honorable to our character, General Scott
was the leader, the commander, responsible to his
country for their projection and their execution.
And well dill he fulfijl the task assigned to him.
Bold and active in his movements, fertile in re-
source, and prompt in seizing every advantage oT
the errors of his enemy, be displayed traits of
generalship which have commanded the respect of j
the world, and have placed him among the great !
captains of the age. And these brilliant achieve- j
ments have not only conferred imperishable honor ,
upon our name, but they have added to our moral
strength and standing among the nation* of the
earth, by the display of noble qualities which
prove that an American army is as able-as it is
willing to stand between their country and her
foes, and to defend her rights and her interests in
any extremity of difficulty and danger.
For his share in these splendid feats I am will-
ing to make provision for conferring upon,General
Scott this mark of public approbation, and 1 think
he well merits it.
Mr. BORLAND. When this subject was under 1
consideration in the Senate on a former occasion,
I offered a few remarks in opposition to the meas-
ure. It is not my purpose now to go over those
remarks again, or to express all the sentiments I
then expressed. Not that my opinions have been
materially changed, but that 1 have somewhat
changed my purposes. In its present form, how-
ever, even as a new proposition, I cannot vote for |
it. If it was a proposition, directly, plainly, and :
substantially to confer upon General Scott the
brevet rank of lieutenant general,. I would vote
for it. If there be honor in this commission or
distinction whmh it is proposed to confer on Gen- ,
eral Scott, it will be honorable only when con-
ferred by the representatives of this nation, by the
voice, and I should hope the unanimous voice, of
the Congress of the United States. But in the
proposition now before the Senate, it seems to me
that we seek to > avoid the responsibility of pro-
claiming to the world this high estimate!, which has
been expressed here by individual Senators, of
the character and achievements of General Scott.
Such, I ant sure, is not the purpose of Senators
who have brought forward the proposition in his
favor. But thus it will appear upon the records
of the country, in all coming time.
To show Uie view which I entertain, and to
bring forward a proposition in a form in which I
can vote for it, and which I believe will b« more
agreeable to the views of the American people, I
desire to offer the following amendment:
Strike out ail alter the enacting clause, and insert i
That the President of the Uuiied States be authorized to
confer upon Major General WinliAd Scott, the brevet rank
of lieuienaut general, in acknowledgment of his gallant
and ineritortoos services la the war with Mexico.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator permit me
to ask whether that will be constitutional ? We
have considered that matter in the committee, and
we felt that we could not designate the individual
in any way, but that we might create the rank and
leave the President to fill it as he should please.
Mr. BORLAND. If I could be satisfied that
my proposition is unconstitutional, 1 would neither
have offered it, nor now insist upon it; but 1 con-
fess 1 have been unable to see wherein it is uncon-
stitutional. If any Senator will point out to me
its unconstitutionality, I will thank him for it. 1
shall be glad to be informed how it is that we have
not the constitutional power to confer this rank
directly upon an individual, and yet have the
power to establish the rank and enable the Presi-
dent of the United States u> fill it. For my life 1
cannot see, so far as the exercise of the power is
concerned, any substantial difference between the
propositions. But I do fed, as one of the Ameri-
can people, a deep interest in the character of our
military men; and I will go as far as any one in
paying the tribute of my admiration and gratitude
to General Scott for his distinguished services. If,
however, we are to give full force to this distinc-
tion, it must be by conferring this rank as repre-
sentatives of the American people, rather than by
putting it within the option of any particular in-
dividual, however high hiestation may be.
Mr. CHASE. When this resolution was ori-
ginally before the Senate some two years since,
( Mr. President, I felt myself constrained to vote
; against it. I then gave a silent vote, bat 1 bow
: propose to state -briefly the reasons whieti control
i me.
The object of the resolution has been distinctly
avowed by the honorable Senators from Illinois
: and Michigan. It is to create a new rank in
J the Army for the purpose of distinguishing a par-
ticular individual, by conferring that rank upon
him. Now, is it expedient that the American
Congress should create thisrank which has been,
as stated by the Senator from Michigan, but once
created in our history, and then for a particular
purpose.' Sir,the reward of duty is the conscious-
ness of duty done. That is the highest reward,
and I suppose it is that which the soldier as well
as the civilian, most covets—that consciousness
which will sustain him at all times and under all
circumstances, amid opprobrium as. well as ap-
plause—the reward which he finds in his- own
breast, and which it is impossible that any can
take from him. Sir, no man wishes to take a leaf
from any laurel which General Scott has won or
worn. No man desires to deprive him, in the
smallest degree, of any honors which a grateful
country has bestowed upon him, or of that world-
wide esteem in which he is held wherever the fame
of his achievements has gone—and that fame has
gone wherever civilized men exist, and, indeed, I
may say, wherever anv language is uttered.
Mr. President, our duty is to consider the con-
sequences of the act which we are called upon to
perform. I said a moment since, repeating what
had fallen from the Senator from Michigan, that
this r^nk has been but once created in our history;
and then it was created for the purpose of con-
ferring it upon a man who was above all his com-
peers. The Senator from Michigan is justly jeal-
ous of the fame of Washington, and would not
have the office by which he was distinguished re-
vived. He proposes, therefore, " that the office
be now created.
But I submit that no mere change of phrase will
accomplish hie object. The thing remains'-, the
fact is there; you create anew the office which was
created for Washington, for the sole purpose of
conferring it upon another individual. It matters
little whether you style it, the " creation'1 or the
" revival " of the office.
And let us remember, sir, that even the lead of
our armies through the war of the Revolution,
was not thought a sufficient reasonfo* th* crea-
tion of a new office with which to distinguish
Washington. He conferred upon his country the
highest of all national benefits. He assured to
her, by his services in the field, freedom and inde-
pendence, and, more than any other man, under
the blessing of Divine Providence, secured to us
the institutions which we now enjoy; and yet, who
ever thought of dignifying him by a new title or
* military rank, by any of these gewgaws
and distinctions which Legislatures can create and
which Legislatures can takeaway? No, sir his
reward was of a different description. His' re-
ward was found in the consciousness of a noble
heart, that he had conferred great benefits upon
his country and upon the world. His reward
too, was found in that grateful acclaim of the
people which surrounded him wherever he went
and distinguished him as " First in war, first in
peace, and first in the hearts of his country-
men." That was his distinction. No trappings
of office; no mere military title; no paltry honors
which can be conferred or taken away by Legis-
latures, constituted any part of it. It flowed from
the great fountain of his own services, and was
returned to him in the gratitude of the people.
Sir, I am averse, I will say, to distinguishing
any man with the title which was conferred upon
Washington; and I wish here to remark—and I
believe the history of the country will sustain me
in stating—that the rank of lieutenant general was
conferred upon Washington himself only because
U nWaS- suPP08etl tf?at he was to be immediately
called into the service of the country in a war with
France I have read the affecting and noble letter
in which he signified his acceptance of the com-
mission; but he accepted it, not as a trapping, not
as a mere title, but as a commission under which
to render new services to his country in a new and
perilous field.
I recollect very well that when this subject was
under consideration before, it was soggested on
the part of the opponents.of the resolution that we
were originating a new policy; that we were offer-
ing titles, mere titles, as rewards fer public service,
and it was asked where it would end ? Were we
to create adtrri*aU  and Marshal*? And I also rec-
ollect very well that a distinguished favorer of the
measure then said, that if a proper case should
occur, he was willing to grant the marshal's baton;
he was willing to confer whatever rank distin
guished soldiers or sailors in the Old World could
win, for the purpose of showing the gratitude and
admiration of our Republic towards her successful
warriors.
My honorable friend from Michigan does not
seem to think that there is any danger in raeiie
titular distinctions, if the rank remains thesame,
what is the harm of a higher title? If the sub-
stantial power is the same, where is the danger of
* new distinction. Let me ask, was not the sub-
stantial power of Louis Napoleon, two month*
ago, as great as it is new? Where, then, accord-
ing to this argument, was the. harm in proclaiming
him Emperor? Where the harm of settling the
descent in his family ?
Mr. President, I am averse to this new policy.
We want a simple, economical Government; and
while I concur with thedistinguished Senator from
Illinois, that it is grateful ana proper, in the ma-
jority in this Chamber, to render whatever of honoi
they properly may to the distinguished leader ot
their opponents, 1 must say that I think it un-
wise in that majority to overlook the principles
upon which they have professed to stand before
the American people; those principles of economy,
prudence, frugality, moderation, and reform whieh
distinguish genuine from false Democracy. The
new policy and practice which this resolution intro-
duces is unsanctioned by those principles—oannot
be vindicated without disregard of them. 1 am
against it.
Mr. President, I concur in much of what has
been to welt and so eloquently said by the distin-
guished Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shtcldi,] in
regard to the brilliancy of the achievements of ottr
army in the Mexican campaign. It was my for-
tune, or misfortune, to be one of those who thought
that war was unnecessarily commenced. It was
my fortune, or misfortune, also, to be one of those
who thought that it was inappropriately closed.
In my judgment, when our army had obtaibed pos-
session of the Mexican capital, tfhd a government
had been established for Mexico, better than that
unfortunate oountry had ever known, because firm-
