1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lOff
their own souls, should express it, and I am will-
ing ihut they should give as many encomiums as
they please upon those whom they think deserve
them. But I would suggest to them that there
was an occasion on which they might have con-
ferral upon General Scott a title, clearly not un-
constitutional, which 1 think would have been
vastly more complimentary to his services, and
satisfactory to his pride—one, air, that might have
come not from the representatives of the people,
but from the people themselves; and if there had
b«en this deep-aeaied desire in hearts which are
breaking to do a worthy and fitting honor to this
great leader for the signal services which he hew
achieved, let me tell the gentlemen that they are a
little too late; the time has gone by; the vote, which
cannot be reconsidered, was taken on the second
day of November last; it is past; and it seems to
me now that this looks as if there was a little re-
lenting in some gentlemen's hearts. They think
that the overthrow and defeat was a little too over-
whelming,and for the purpose of breaking the All
and soothing the irritation which might otherwise
be occasioned by the defeat, this little sop of the
lieutenant generalship is to be thrown in. In
that point of view, 1 do not think General Scott
will value it very much. These services, let it be
remembered, were rendered a good while—some
five or six years—ago, and it seems to me, in that
view, that this comes rather late. The judgment
of the country, and tbe judgment of the world,
have already been passed upon those achievements.
The judgment of posterity will be made up, and
it will not be influenced by any vote which we
may pass upon the proposition which is now be-
fore the Senate.
I am exceedingly sorry that I am placed in tbe
position which renders it necessary for me to make
these statements and this explanation of my
views—not, sir, that I have any hesitancy, at any
and at all times, to vindicate myself, but I do not
wish, unnecessarily and causelessly, and when
no good can be effected,to say anything that may
cause unpleasant feelings or reflections in any-
body's breast.
While addressing the Senate, I desire to allude
to another subject. During the discussion of tbe
subject which was under consideration yesterday,
a remark fell from the honorable Senator from
Michigan, | Mr. Cass,] which I desired to answer,
and would have answered, if he had not been out
of his seat when I had the opportunity. He ac-
cused me of being unfair in some remarks which
I had made. The charge of saying or doing any-
thing unfair, is the last charge in the world which
I should like to have laid at my door. It is a
very serious charge to come from so high a source;
and when the honorable Senator recollects that the
charge of unfairness in the ordinary transactions
of life, between man and man, comes with crush-
ing force upon an individual, even if he be but his
equal, let him recollect with what overwhelming
power such a charge must-come, when it falls
from such a height as the Senator from Michigan,
upon so humble an individual as myself. [Laugh-
ter.] 8ir, I do not wish to*be unfair, or unkind,
or unjust to anybody; and if the sentiments which
I entertain, provoke volleys and torrents of elo-
quence upon those whose feelings are outraged by
their expression on the floor of the Senate, 1 can
say to the gentleman, wait a little longer, my time
is almost out.
Mr. WEL.LER. We are all rejoiced at it.
Mr. HALE. I hate no doubt that the honor-
able Senator speak* the truth, and that when he
says " we are all rejoiced," he includes those who
act with hint. And permit tae to say, with all
kindness to the honorable Senator, that I should I
think I had utterly failed in fulfilling my mission, |
and discharging my duty, if all such men did not
rejoice that I am not to be here much longer. I
remember that long and long ago, when a man •
had a divine commission to proclaim in die ears (
of an unwilling people and tyrannical power, the ,
truth, the charge was brought against him," Thou
art he that troubleth Israel;"! am used to such :i
language.
Let me entreat gentlemen to remember that by ;f
the kindnesa of the Senate I am excused from j I
acting upon any standing committee, and I take !,
it to be an invitation on the part of the Senate, as
they have thus excused me from supervision overlj
any particular subject, to have a general eye over <
the whole. And, sir, acceding to die force of!
my position, politely yielding to the invitation |
thus tendered to me, 1 warn the Senate against i
this measure. - i
Sir, to-day is the most wholesome day for in-
struction in the world, particularly to the majority
in this body. 1 tell you not to be made giddy by i
the high places ou wiuch you stand. No, sir; one
of your chosen seers has admonished you that
your enlargement is not that of health; that it is
'' swollenThe seeds of disease and decay, fer-
menting together, are making an unhealthy en-
largement which way explode. It may explode,
ana that which is an image of colossal power to-
day, may, from the very inherent weakness of its
consutuuon, find that it is but a prostrate trunk
to-morrow. Sir, your President has given us a
moat excellent lesson. When the telegraphic
wires flashed upon him the truth that he was
elected by a majority altogether unprecedented,
as 1 doubt not it was altogether unexpected; when
lus neighbors and friends assembled with exulta-
tion, and went to his lodgings to congratulate him
on what they considered so auspicious a result,
he admonished thera that the hourof triumph was
a time for magnanimity. 1 do not ask any of
your magnanimity—not the least. If 1 have any
petitions like those, 1 shall ask for my friends
here who are around me, ( Whig Senators,) and
not for myself. My position is one of hostility,
not a savage hostility which can be characterized
as- carrying." war to the knife, and the knife to
the lull." Nothing of that sort. But 1 think the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright]
has done something to advance the civilization of
the age by dropping souie of his figures of speech;
and in ctiaracterizing the contest, he has gone
from the theater of bowie-knives and pistols to>
that of the physician, to the sick chamber, and*
has drawn his figures from such scenes, and now
speaks of healthy and unhealthy organizations.
Yes, sir, I think it is a token of the advancing
spun of tbe age, and it is a good time to exercise
that spirit. - i
Now 1 am up, I will say that this is a question '
t which covers the whole field of peace and'war,
I because it authorizes the President to confer a
certain rank or create a certain office. Let me say
a word or two upon this subject. I think we
have come to this pitch in our history. I think
it is demonstrated, so far as the science of politics
admits of demonstration, that the experiment
which was commenced with General Jackson, re-
peated witkGeneral Harrison, and tried the third
ume with G&ieral Taylor, and the fourth time
with General Scott, has run out. 1 think we have
come to that period in our history when that
attempt will not be repeated. The fourth time it
proved a complete failure. You have now tried a
second experiment—but I will not designate that,
because i will leave that for the impartial judg-
! ment of posterity. But the experiment tried ill
, the election of Mr. Polk, and repeated in the elec-
tion of Mr. Pierce, has been eminently successful,
and it appears to me that we have approached a
time somewhat similar to that which it was pre-
dicted we were to have during Mr. Monroe's ad-
ministration—an era of good feeling; because I
see in the Washington Union of this morning an
extract from the New Hampshire Patriot—do you
know where that is printed, Mr. President ? I see
that extract is put in here, and that in it the views
are' given of what the editor supposes—he does
not intimate that he has talked with General
Pierce—butJie gives what he supposes are to be
the characteristics of the incoming Administration,
i And it is to be a glorious time for everybody who
j stands inside of any organization which has the
! least pretense to health. No matter how sick they
| have been—no matter how rancorously the Barn-
| burners mayhave blown up the Democracy fn 1848,
if they have repented, and only say they have come
on the Baltimore platform in 1852—they are to be
: esteemed just as good as new, and there is to' be
no distinction. A man's antecedents are no longer
to have any force. That substantive is to be blot-
ted out of the political dictionary now, and a man
is. to have no antecedents; but the man who, in
tl852,stands square on the Baltimore platform, no
matter how he got there, nor where he came from,
is to be received into full communion. It has been
pretty stoutly proclaimed that everything they or-
ganized for in 1848 has been achieved. This has
been proclaimed, not' by men who stand outside
of a healthy organization, but by those who Stand
in the verye heart and center of the very healthiest
organization in the country. They say that every-
thing they proposed in 1848, they achieved and
accomplished, and now they are to have the satis-
faction of a double victory. They beat the Dem-
ocrats in 1848, and they beat the Whigs in 1852;
ahd as becomes modest victors, they now claim,
having discharged a double duty, a double reward.
And the editor who lives so near General Pierce
that he can almost hear him think, says it will not <
make any difference—that the man who went with
the Barn-burners in 1848 to defeat the illustrious -
Senator from Michigan—I am going to speak right-
out 
Mr. CASS. Oh, do not.
Mr. HALE. Yes, I will; you will like me
the better when 1 have spoken than now. I say
that if in 1848, by the organization then made, they
achieved all that they proposed, they had better a
thousand-fold never had such an organization.
And, sir, if I had supposed at that time that the
object was to appeal to all the humanity and love
of liberty, and the fear of God there was in the
country> and thus train them all in as a drill-ser-
geant does his squad, for the purpose of vindica-
ting the fancied or real wrongs of Mr- Van Buren,
inflicted by the friends of General Cass—1 speak
of him as a historical man now—I say, if 1 had
supposed that was the end and aim they had in
view, I wonld sooner have had my right hand sev-
ered from my body than have gone to the ballot-
box for. such a purpose.
I say, then, that this articleto which 1 have al-
luded, has that much pretty distinctly shadowed
out; but I am sorry, for the sake of that peace and
harmony which I wish to see all around me, to
have to state that this editor does not " think" a
little further. He is very clear in thinking in ref-
erence to these different factions that have opera-
ted in times past. He thinks that it was just as
meritorious to support Mr. Van Buren in 1848,
as to support General Cass; and it is no matter
whether a man was in Mr. Polk's Cabinet or out
of it; that will neither help nor hurt any man; any
man can have a clean bill of health as far as that .
is concerned, let his position be what it may. But
the editor is not so clear in regard to some other
things; he does not go on to say what he thinks
General Pierce's opinions are as to the controversy
between Young America and the Old Fogies. He
is unfortunately entirely silent upon that subject,
so far as I read the article, unless they may be
considered aa embraced under the various sections -
into which the party has been divided; and I think -
that, So far as that is concerned, both the Old Fo-
gies and the Young Americans may occupy with,
equal hope the anxious stool until some other and
further developments shall be made.  
There is another thing about which the editor
is very silent. He does not favor as with what he
thinks are General Pierce's opinions as to whether
the Gulf of Mexico is or is not our basin of water.
He is also entirely silent about Cuba, the great
question—the question of questions—about which
all hearts are palpitating, and everybody is so
anxious. Why, sir, patriotism is impatient un-
der check to go and plant the standard of repub-
lican liberty on the shores of Cuba, and to extend
the area of freedom over that Island. There-
are a great many who,•with a patriotic devotion
and a patriotic desire to outrun the impulses of
Democracy, are anxious to be beforehand on this •
subject. They are left in the most frightful state
of uncertainty, and it is entirely problematical
whether the area of freedom is to receive this en-,
largement, and the friends of it are to receive this
encouragement from the incoming Administration*.
Indeed, sir, I have seen some outgivings, or mis-
givings—I do not know which to call them, but
there were certaioly "givings"—in some of the
papers which representthe interest,and you know,
sir, what that is, which controls this country. I
have seen some-misgivings or some givings-out
from papers far south of here, which have repre-
sented tnat it is not so entirely clear that it will be
for the interest of gentlemen, who have been in
the habit of considering their interest as the inter-
est of the country, to have Cuba annexed, and it
is entirely problematical in their minds what the-
effect of that annexation would be. Sir, you know-
that a doubt expressed with regard to the practi-
cability or the expediency of a measure some half
a dozen degrees south of here, has more effect
upon the calculations of prudent politicians* than
