110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
a dozen condemnation* so many degrees north.
Therefore I think it is unkind in those who under-
take to lummaie and la bricate upon the views which
the incoming Administration are to carry out, to
be silent upon this great question of the age.
But it may be said that this is none of my busi-
ness. That is true, sir; but you know that when-
we are hare we are not to speak for individuals,
but we should endeavor, if we can, to work up
our notions to an enlarged and nati9iwil sense of
things, lam trying to do that. I am trying to get
•a enlarged, liberal, and national view of things;
and J declare that I feel the worst apprehensions
and forebodings, when I see the dark cloud which
the future hangs over the patriotic foresight of
those who would carry the American eagle and
the American standard over the continents and
islands of the sea, by this silence which is main-,
turned by the President elect and his friends. Let
me tell those gentlemen, if they want my humbla
opinion, (and ( know it is not worth much,) that
upon the subject of Cuba they have spoken before
their time. The idea that the agricultural interests
want more sugar is a mistake; and the agricultural
interests of the North, when they find whst the
South hare said, will begin to think they have
quite sweetening enough, and they will not want
Cuba thrown into the dish.
Sir, I owe, perhaps, an apology to the Senate
for going over these matters upon this resolution;
but it seemed to me that the time and the occasion
were appropriate. But I come back to the point
from which I started, and I end as [ began, by
saying that the reasons which I stated wnen the
subject was up before, and the reasons which 1
have now stated, are such as operate in my mind
conclusively to forbid the propriety of conferring
this rank. It should be remembered that the sub-
ject has been before Congress once before, and they
neglected or refused to do it—I do not know
which—and in law, if a man has an opportunity
to do a thing, and neglects it, it is just the same
as if he refused. The opportunity has been be-
fore the American Congress preceding this time,
a proposition has been before Congress to confer
it, and yet it did not pass. ;
Mr. SHIELDS. It passed the Senate, but i
failed in the House for want of time. J
Mr. HALE. Congress neglected to pass it;
and inasmuch aa they neglected it when they had i
an opportunity to confer it, they refused, prac-
tically, at all events. I am not stating the philo-
sophical and critical analysis of what the Journals
•bow; but I am taking a national view of the
thing. [Laughter.] And that view is, that the
proposition was before the country and before
Congress, and Congress would not agree to it.
They neglected orrefused to pass it; for the phrases
are tantamount. The opportunity was before you
previous to the last presidential election, and you
declined to confer the honor. If, when General
8c ott's laurels were fresh opon him, and when the
memory of the events was recent, and their praise
was filling every tongue, you neglected or refined
to confer this bauble on him, what will the coun-
try say is the reason that you take it up after he
has been defeated for the Presidency?
And now I will appeal to those gentlemen who
thought with me—no, sir, I will not say that; I do
not know that there is anybody who tbonght with
m«, but I will say to those gentlemen who thought
the Mexican war was unjust, and I believe there
were tome such; I believe a majority of the House
of Representatives put that opinion in the shape
of a resolution or amendment, that the war was
unjust and unconstitutional,—I ask those gentle- ,
men who believed so then, if they do not believe so
now? I ask them if the keenness of their moral
perceptions has been blunted by the halo of glory
which the victories that have been achieved, have
shed over this matter? If it has, they may vote
for this resolution; but if they believed what they
said then, that that war was an unjustifiable one,
I ask them by what code of ethics, or by what
process of reasoning, thev come to the conclusion
that it is consistent with that opinion to confer this
honor upon General Scott?
A few words more and I shall takemyseat. I
cannot be misunderstood or misrepresented in re-
gard to the opinions which I entertain of General
Scott on this occasion. When this matter was'
up before, I made some poor remarks upon the
•abject, and I did, so far as my abilities would al-
low me, full justice to the character of General
! Scott. It happened to be my fortune to be in a
' private party a few days afterwards, when some
one introduced me to the General, very kindly al-
luding to the fact that I had voted and made a
speech against him. The General happened to
have done me the honor of reading my poor speech;
and he said that he had no fault to find; that the
speech was an ortaet to the vote, and he had no
complaint upon the subject. I will not say that
I go as far as those who go the furthest, but I
will say that 1 go as far aa any sensible man can
prudently go in doing full justice to the honor, the
patriotism, the skill, the genius, and the bravery,
and all that sort of thing, of General Scott; but
inasmuch as I cannot vote for this resolution, with-
out, in my humble judgment, implying an appro-
bation of the war in which he achieved his victo-
ries, I must record my vote against it, and against
all the amendments.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, I have no
wish to protract tlus discussion. I rarely ever
make speeches without an object in view, either
when something is to be effected by argument, or
it is necessary to explain my position. In this
case 1 have no idea that a. single vote in the Senate
can be changed by anything which I can say, or
by anything which has been said, or will be said.
In relation to my position, 1 have no difficulties
which it is necessary for me to explain.
Aside from the fact that the measure is right in
itself, and eminently just and proper, there are
personal relations between myself and the distin-
guished individual upon whom this honor is pro-
posed to be conferred, which render it right and
proper that it should haves emanated from me. 1
am indebted to him for acts of personal kindness.
I have enjoyed his hospitality at home, and fol-
lowed his banner in a foreign land, and sat at his
table in the capital of a conquered nation. I have
seen him in almost all the relations of life, as a
citizen and as a soldier; and 1 bear testimony not
merely to his worth as a citizen, not merely to his
eminence as a military leader, but to his honesty,
his integrity, and his patriotism, in every relation
of life. Sir, if any man ever lived, aside from
him who was the Father of his Country, who de-
served this honor, it is he. And not one of those
who have offered opposition to this resolution
have dared to question Ju% right to the honor, if;
the resolution should be pasted.
1 do not mean to make any argument in support
of the resolution. I do not mean to reply to what
has been said. I should like to knoy how it is
possible for me to reply with becomftg temper to
a man who dares to get np in the face of the Amer-
ican Senate, and utter a libel upon his country. If
' that country was wrong, it becomes him to act as
a child would act towards its parent—cover it with
a mantle which no eye could penetrate. He who
glories in getting up here in the face of the Senate
and denouncing the acts of his country, is un-
worthy to live under the institutions which our
fathers have transmitted to us. Nor, sir, could I
reply to an individual who gets up here, and tells
you that this war was,unjust and iniquitous, and
; ye* at the same time avows that it was his desire
that- we should have robbed Mexico of the whole
of her possessions. It was, in his view, an unjust
and an outrageous war; but yet when we com- ;
roenced, he tells us his conscience could not be
satisfied until we had dealt in the wholesale rob- ,
bery of all the Mexican possessions. * !
Nor, sir, is it necessary for me to allude to that
other budget which has been opened to us, in ref-
erence to the Barn-burnersofl848,General Pierce's
Cabinet, Cuba, and the Gulf of Mexico. What
possible connection have all. these with the subject
which is now under the consideration of the Sen-
ate? We are called on to vote upon a simple res-
olution Conferring an honor,and a high one, upon
a distinguished individual who, it is admitted, has
merited it. Give me a reason why it should not i
be done. Give me a reason why the office should j
not be created. I trust, sir, that there is no man ;
here—that there is no narrow-minded bigot in our
midst, who would permit his party or his personal ■
feelings to influence his conduct on «uch an oc-
casion. And if there be any low demagogue who
fancies he cam make credit by it, he is welcome to
a)] that he can make.
J did not propose to say one word upon this
resolution. I proposed to let the vote be taken at
once; but if any discussion should become neces'
•ary hereafter, I shall take part in it.
! Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, the Senator from
New Hampshire suggests that, finding myself in
the company I am in, I should perhaps be induced
to change my position, and vote differently. I
have found that all questions have advocates, both
good and bad, and therefore 1 never form my
opinions from the ability of the advocates an the
one side or the other of a question; but if anything
could induce me to change the position which I
have assumed in reference to this question—if the
case should turn upon the-justice or. injustice of
the late war with Mexico, as assumed by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, then most assuredly
I should change my vote. I differ with that Sen-
ator in all three of the positions which he took. I
differ with him as to the three reasons which he
assumed why the Mexican war, that unholy and
unjust war, as the Senator calls it, was commenced
by this country; and it is not improper, as 1 am to
vote finally upon this proposition with the gentle-
man, .for me to declare that I differ with him
entirely upon every one of his propositions. Sir,
1 happened to have the fortun e to be enabled to form
a tolerably accurate opinion, I think,of the motives
which controlled the late President of the United
States, who had charge of the Government at that
time, (Mr. Polk,) ana I say to the Senator that
neither a desire for the conquest of any portion of
the territory of Mexico, nor a desire to extend the
institution of slavery, nor a desire to extend the
area of freedom, formed any portion of that dis-
tinguished man's motives. He lived, sir, in a
higher atmosphere—he was too pure a patriot to
allow auy such unworthy motives to actuate his
conduct.
I shall not consume the time of the Senate by
going into the particular circumstances of that war.
Sufficient be it for me briefly to allude to facts
which are simple and plain, and which every im-
partial mind, by reference to the history of the
times, must know and understand. A dispute
existed in relation to the territory lying between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande. It was"claimed
by our Government, and the President believed it
to be his duty to preserve the rights of this coun-
try there. General Taylor, who had the com-
wand of our gallant little army at that time, gave
it as his opinion, that the artny should remove
from where it was to some point nearer the Rio
I Grajide. . General Taylor received express in-
structions from the proper Department, to proceed
• according to his own suggestions; and he did act
with great prudence and caution. He was upon
territory which was believed to belong to the
United States when the war was commenced by
the Mexican Government. I shall not go into the
arguments produced at the time to show that the-
Mexican war was necessary in order to preserve
the honor of the country. 'The Mexicans them-
selves deemed it proper to commence the war in
order to preserve the power of the existing Presi-
dent of that Republic; and they themselves boasted-
they had commenced- it. War was commenced
by the act of Mexico, as was declared by a vote
of the Congress of the United States, and as the
history of the countrjPshows to be true. There-
fore it was not a war commenced for any of the
unholy purposes imputed to the President of the
United States.
But, sir, the Senatorfrom New Hampshire has
thought proper to admonish my friend from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Weli.br] and others as to what
course they should pursue in future,and has given
us prophecies as to what tHU be the result. It
will be recollected by Senators that some time
since, in this Hall, prior to the meeting of the Na-
tional Conventionof the Democratic party in June
last, the same Senator warned the Democratic
party in similar ^trains, that if they incorporated
the fugitive slave law into the Baltimore platform,
or placed one negro upon their pole, they would be
annihilated and destroyed; and informed us that
if they did so, the Buffalo Democrats could hardly
stand upon the platform.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senatornllow mea sin-
gle word of explanation ?
Mr. ADAMS, Certainly.
Mr. HALE. The Senate will recollect—If
what I said was printed, and I presume it was—I
toJd the gentleman and his frjends, that if they
adopted the fugitive slave law, or anything of that
Sort, if they put a negro upon their platform, the
consequence to which I alluded would ensue, un-
less the Whigs should.-be fortls enough to follow
