1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
them on the fwme track. That is what I said, and
I believe it was so printed.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, sir, I had only a slight
recollection of the remark of the gentleman, but I
know thai I had heard his warning voice before,
and I had witnessed the result; and although I do
not say that the Senator proved a false prophet,
yet, having heard his voice once in warning, and
as it seemed to come in the same way now, 1 pre-
sumed it was just about as harmless. We must
recollect that the distinguished Senator was a* com-
petitor of the great general whom it is intended to
honor by this resolution; and hit usual modesty I
should have thought would have prevented him
from assailing the resolution, particularly as he
has great deference for the people, and the people
have decided against him. He was not altogether
satisfied, he says, with the platform assumed by
the Whie party. He thinks they were gnilty of
the same fault, to some extent; but I would ask
that Senator if he did not, in his tour as a candi-
date. himself draw a striking distinction between
the Whig and the Democratic platforms upon this
subject? •
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I did, and I wiH ,
state it,if the Senator wishes me to do so. !
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly. _ !
Mr. HALE. Well, I am glad to hear it, and I
thiak it shows the gentleman's taste in wanting
me to tell it. In the discussions in which I en- ;
gaged 1 uniformly spoke this language when I re- !
lerred to the platforms; I said that in a moral 1
point of view 1 did not think there was the least j
difference between them in the world, bat practi-
cally there was; I put it in this way: The Whig
party resolved that they would " deprecate and
discountenance agitation." Well now, said I,
" to deoreeate" means to pray against, and there-
for- we Whigs are Obliged to pray against agita-
tion; they have.a right to do that. They pledge
themselves, secondly, to discountenance agitation,
and that they can do without going out of their
track, simply by standing still and making faces;
and that is all the Whigs are bound to do by their
platform, " to deprecate and discountenance."
But I said the Democrats were bound to go further;
they were bound "to resist." If there was a
place where fanatical sentiments were to be ot-
tered, a Whig could stand still with a sober face
and a serious countenance, and pray you Hot to
go in, and h<; would have done all that the plat-
form required him to d<r; but if you did go in and
the Democrat undertook to carry out the doctrine
•f his platform, he must follow you, knock you
down and carry you out. That was the differ-
ence, and that was all I said about the platforms.
Mr. ADAMS. It is not very material to the j
country, I presume, what distinction the gentle- j
man drew between the two platforms; he had one !
of bis own; and we all know th« appreciation of j
the country of that platform. I
I shal! vote against the resolution under consid-
eration for reasons which I suggested when I first
addressed die Senate, that I believe all the honor
that can be conferred upon Genera] Scott for his
services in the late war has properly been con-
ferred by the vote of thanks of this bAdy; and the
mere creation or conferring of the title of lieuten-
ant general upon him adds no additional honor,
•eta s"fcad precedent, and in this country of equal
rights, is, in my humble judgment, improper. I
shall not vote against it, however, for any of the
reasons assigned by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. His reasons are peculiar to himself. He
takes great pleasure in being siogu! ir, in thinking
as no other man thinks; and as th U is bis glory,
he is certainly entitled to its benefi s.
Mr. CHARLTON. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire is in the habit of indul-
ring in prophecies here,many of which, I believe,
have proved untrue. I have, however, the great
pleasure to say to him, that one prophecy which ,
he has made is certainly true, for he has convinced ;
me that it is my duty to rote for the resolution
under consideration. *
Sir, the Senator tells us that we shall soon be
dear of him. I, sir, am sorry to say to him that
the Senate will also soon be clear of me, and which
wilf be the greatest misfortune the country witf~
have to judge between us. If I were to remain ,
here, I should never expect to get dear of the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire. I believe
that if he were buried in slave soil he would as
certainly rise from the dead and solve the problem i
which he announced theotheftday, whether a dead
mau could resign, as any other human being in
this whole created world.
Mr. HALE. That is the best compliment I
have ever had paid to me.
Mr. CHARLTON. I have another compli-
ment for the Senator. I believe his spirit of fun
is so great, that it would not be in the power
of death to hold him from it, that is, provided
there were not some powers that might hold him
despite all he night do to get away. [Laughter.]
I am too wise a man to enter into a contest with a j
gentleman so well skilled as the Senator from j
New Hampshire; and if he will excuse me, I will
now let him alone, and say a few words on the .
subject under consideration. {
Mr. President, the question before us is sim-
ply this: Shall we vote to confer an honor upon
a distinguished soldier of our country? Why
should we not do it? Is it because we believe
that war to'have been unholy and unrighteous?
I believe no such thing; and if the gentleman from
New Hampshire will allow me to make another
remark with regard to him, I will tell him that
: I do not believe in all sincerity, when he looks
closely into the motives and feelings of his heart,
I that he can suppose that the reasons which he
' gave for tin commencement of the Mexican war,
are true. Does he believe that the spirit of the
' Revolution has so far foiled of its lesson, that this
| country is in the condition of the man described by
' Dickens, who, having been thoroughly whipped
by a large man, went round the corner, and pick-
ing up a little fellow, thrashed him for the sake of
retaliation! Yet that is the condition in which the
honorable Senator places the United States, as be-
tween Great Britain and Mexico. Let me tell him
that the time never will come when such motives
will influence the United States of America—that
there is too brave a heart within its bosom, to
beat from any such consideration as that. For
one, I think that it was clemency which ended the
war, and not cowardice which began it.
j In reference to the other consideration mentioned
I by the Senator, I will sav, that if that did enter
i[ into it, 1 would not, for that reason, refrain from
I voting for thfe resolution. Then why should 1
! not vote for it? I confess that before 1 heard the
speech of the Senator from New Hampshire, I
had some democratic misgivings—not in reference
to the man whom it is designed to honor—not in
reference to the fact that he had been a candidate
for a high office, for which I never could have voted
for him—but y> reference to the additional power
which might be conferred upon him by it. But,
after all, when you look seriously at thattwhat is
it but a name? And why should we not confer
j the name if it has been deserved ? Can any rea-
! son be assigned ? If we were to go down into the
! region of metaphysical subtleties, and follow out
! that course of reasoning, we might stop short at
the major generalship, and say that it bordered
upon aristocracy t9 confer that rank.
Sir, let us do justice "at all times. There were
cogent reasons to prevent me voting for General
Scott for the Presidency. I would not vote for
him because he was a Whig; and I did not vote for
him because I did not believe that his talents ran
in that order. No man is an Admirable Crichton
in these days. But I will cheerfully vote, smce
j the Senator from New Hampshire has put it on
'«the footing which he has done, to confer this title
' on General Scott, for he has deserved it. Only
think, sir, of the idea of our country entering into
a war with Mexico through cowardice arid weak-
| ness! The Senator from Illinois has truly told us
that a small band of men threw themselves into the
heart of the enemy's country; they were mowed
down by the iron hail, and yet they fought their
, way, bravely and successfully, to the achievement
i of the highest honors. Shall we be kept from con-
ferring this honor from any such considerations as
1 those which have been presented ? No, sir. I
! anxiously arid earnestly desire to confer this honor
on General Scott, and I would vote fortheamend-
i ment of the Senator fro® Arkansas did I not feel,
! did I not believe that that would be inconsistent
; with the Constitution of the country. But it is for
j General Scott that I mean the compliment.
I I think there is no danger of this being con-
ferred by the President upon anybody else, and,
therefore, I shall vote for the resolution in its
present form.
Mr. BORLAND. Time seems to be some ob-
jection to my amendment. I do not eart particu-
jlarly about it, and it is possible, as gentlemen
| learned in the Constitution have suggested, that it
1 may be unconstitutional. I therefore beg leave to
J withdraw the amendment.
Mr. PRATT. I thought it rather unkind on
the part of my honorable friend from Mississippi,
. [Mr. Adams,] that he should have called upon the
Senator from New Hampshire to be the exponent
of the Whig platform. A more unfit person to per-
form that duty does not live in the United States.
As I was one of the supporters, in the late cam-
paign, of the distinguished individual whom this
resolution is ihtended to honor, and to whom that
platform referred, I bee to make in regard to it a
single observation, which I desire to go to the
country.
The platform to whieh the 8enator has referred
was one differing from the Democratic platform
only in this, that General Scott, in his letter of
acceptance, distinctly stated that be would not ap-
point to office any man who entertained opinions
different from those stated in the platform. There
was no such doctrine announced by the opposite
candidate; but, according to the honorable Sena-
tor's statement,—if he maybe supposed to under-
i stand the feeling of the dominant party,—a general
amnesty has been declared. The honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] who sits before me,
has said here, in the presence of hir Democratic
brethren of the Senate, that he belongs to the ma-
jority of this body—that he belongs to the great
Democratic party. According, therefore, to the
paper to which the Senator from New Hampshire
nas referred, and which he supposes to be the ex-
ponent of the opinions of General Pierce, he is
one of those who may be the recipients of the
highest honors under the President elect. Sir, if
General Scott had been elected, the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio would have been entirely and abso-
lutely excluded from the possibility of receiving
j any office from him, and so would the Senator
j from New Hampshire. Itwas, therefore, proba-
! ble that we should see, as we have seen in the late
| political contest, everyone connected with the po-
[ litieal association to which those gentlemen belong,
j voting and doing all they could against the old
i hero', and it is, therefore, that we find them now
united in opposing him, even in this resolution
complimentary to him.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator will allow
: me to inquire if he meant to have it understood
j that the Senator from Ohio was one of the sup-
porters of General Pierce.^
, Mr. PRATT. I do not know. He announces
himself, as I understood him, to belong to the ma-
jority of the Senate.
' Mr. BRADBURY. No, sir. ,
J Mr. WELLER. No, sir; he does not belong
to us.  
Mr. PRATT. I do not know where or to
whom he belongs, but I know he said, in thepres-
ence of the Senate this morning, (as I and those
around me understood him,) that he did belong to
the majority party in this body—to the great Dem-
ocratic party—to that party, therefore, which, ac-
cording to the paper published at Concord, and
referred to by the Senator from New Hampshire,
' is privileged' to receive any of the offices which
may be conferred upon the Supporters of General
Pierce.
I Iiistened to the speech of the Senator from New
Hampshire with some attention. He spoke for
about one hour.
! Mr. HALE. I did not think I spoke so long
' as that.  
j Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir, the Senator spoke for
i one hour, and there was but one single observation
made ify him which had any reference whatever
| to the resolution under consideration, and that
' was, that although Genpral Scott, for his military
1 aehievements, fully deserved everything which the
. resolution proposes to give him, yet that he could
not consent to give it to him, and why ? Because
he cannot separate those achievements from the
war which he believes to have been unjust and
improper. Sir, that is a principle which it would
be horrible to haVego abroad, as being entertained
by the members of the Senate of the Unitfid
States.
What is that sentiment when you come to
analyze it? Suppose a war is declared by the
constitutional authorities of the country, the eom-,
mander of your Army or your Navy who meets
