112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21.
the enemy, must be bound, according to the Sena-
tor's theory, to inquire into the justice of the war;
and should he come to the conclusion that it was
unjust, he could not conscientiously discharge his
professional duties. If the theory of the honor-
able Senator is to be carried out, every officer of
the Army and Navy will be bound to inquire and
judge whether a war is in his opinion just, before
"he eaters the list on the side of his country.
Sir, I cannot believe that the Senator from New
Hampshire is sincere in saying that he would vote
for this resolution were it not for the circumstance
which he has mentioned; because I am sure he
cannot think that a soldier in a war constitution-
ally declared, does not deserve credit for the faith-
ful discharge of his duty, merely for the reason
that in the Senator's opinion, the war was unjust.
Therefore I conclude that 1 am right in attributing
the opposition of that Senator, and the Senator
from Ohio who sits before me, and of those who
are connected with their political association, to
the true cause, that of their opposition to General
Scott upon the grounds to which I have already
referred.
My only object in rising was to say a word in
reference to the commentary upon the Whig plat-
form,jMade by the Senator from New Hampshire,
and having done that, I will not further occupy
the time of the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. So far, Mr. President, as the
honorable Senator from Maryland has undertaken
to interpretmy motives,he has failed most signally.
I have been governed in what I said by a simple
desire to discharge my duty aa a Senator, and to
state as clearly and succinctly as possible the
grounds on which 1 should feel myself constrained
to vote. I have been actuated, in no degree what-
ever, by any desire to impair in the least, any
title of the illustrious General whose name has
been so frequently introduced into this debate to
the honor, respect, or gratitude of his country; I
have no more to say upon that point.
In respect to my political position, I prefer al-
ways that my acts shall speak. I care very little
about mere names. I call myself a Democrat,
and so long as I am satisfied that tlte principles
which I hold are sound and democratic, and the
applications which 1 propose to make of those [
principles are just and proper, it matters very little
to me by what name the principles or the action i
may be called by others. Epithets <af« always
cheap, but not always fit.
Every Senator, I think, with whom I have served
during the past three yars, will do me the justice
to say that t havfc upon all occasions steadily
avoided every word and act which could in any
way wound or offend any one of my fellow Sena-
tors. I havt, indeed, endeavored to maintain,
honestly, fearlessly, without reserve, the princi-
ples which I hold, and to vindicate their proper
applications, but I have endeavored to do so with
entire courtesy to all.
And now, Mr. President, with no more preface,
let me say that I claim no identification with the
Democratic party as organized upon the Baltimore
platform. I did not vote for their candidate at the
recent election. The platform constructed at Bal-
timore, in my judgment, deserved any name rather
than that of a sound exposition of Democratic prin-
ciples; and when the distinguished gentleman who
was nominated by the Convention—for whom as a
roan, as a citizen, as a soldier and as a statesman,
I cherish all possible respect—placed himself upon
that platform, I felt myself constrained by fidelity
to my owrt convictions to withhold from him my
support; and undersimilar circumstances, I should
<l080 again. I have never learned to ask ho w many
stand with me, but whether I stand upon the rock
of principle and of truth. 1 can stand theft alone,
if necessary. It is more agreeable, doubtless, to
stand surrounded by friends and supporters, but
it is not impossible, sustained by the consciousness
of right purpose, to stand alone. I am quite will-
ing, therefore, to absolve the whole body of
compromise Democrats in the Chamber and out of
it, from all responsibility for any sayings or actions
of mine.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President,! am glad of what
hSs happened, and I hope this debate will not be
without profit. I wish, though, to pay a little
attention to the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pratt.] I appealed once, some years
ago,—it is a matter of history, or I would not al-
lade to it,—to the Senate for protection in what
I conceived to be th#rights of an individual in de-
bate, and the Senate decided; upon a formal vote,
that it was in order to accuse a man of acting here
from other motives than those which should actu-
ate a Senator. That, you will find amongst your
recorded decisions; but the rule of parliamentary
law is different, and it is this: "The consequences
of a measure may be reprobated in strong terms,
but to arraign the motives of those who propose to
advocate it, is a personality, and against order."
Therefore, sir, 1 contend that when the Senator
from Maryland says that I am not sincere, and do
not mean what I say, if he had said it of any man
that was inside of a healthy organization he would
have been out of order.
I am glad of a remark which fell from the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia. It indicates to my
mind progress, and progress in the right direction.
He said he had some democratic prejudices, and
was inclined to go against this measure, but my
speech rather convinced him that he was going
wrong. That is the very thing I want. I want
to drive—I do not use the word opprobriously—
the " old hunkers" all into one pen. That is the
very end and aim we are driving at; and I am glad
that 1 find that one, occupying so conspicuous a
place as my friend from Georgia, is heeding the
force of our arguments, not exactly in the way we
put them; btit he has listened to me very much in
the way in wliichitwas said a sailor recommended
to get a pig on board a vessel, and that was to
put his nose towards the vessel, and catch bold
of his tail and pull him backwards. By some such
process of reasoning, 1 have convinced the Senator
from Georgia; but he has gone to the right place,
and we will set up another stone there. We have
made progress, and made it in the right direction.
But I want to thank the Senator from Mary-
land . What I have said before was not to thank
him; but I desire now to thank him seriously. He
says of all men in the United States, I am the last
one to give an exposition of the Whig platform.
Now, sir, this is the sixth year of my term in the
Senate, and if I have achieved that, I have done \
all that I proposed; and I can, like Simeon, " de- 1
part in peace;" for it has been the great complaint
brought against me at home, that while 1 was
here, I was a Whig all the lime—that is, a Whig
in disguise, and not very ranch disguised at that.
Now, 1 have the certificate of the honorable Sen if
tor from Maryland, that of ail the men in the
world, 1 am the very last to speak in exposition
of the Whig platform. Sir; I am rejoiced at that.
But let me tell the honorable Senator that I never
j undertook to'speak for it, and the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi did not call upon me to speak
for it, but he called upon me to give an exposition
' which I had given of it in a recent visit which I
made to theWest.
| The honorable Senator from Georgia altogether
over-estimates my powers, both of reasoning seri-
ously, or of being humorous. Sir* it is no sort of
merit in a man to exhibit hum*r if he has the sub-
jects of it all around hinr. But when a man has
to travel away <flF at a distance, and from the fields
of imagination to bring up something to excite
the ludicrous, there is some merit in it. But when
a man has subjects all around him, and he has
only just to put out his hand and touch them,
there is no great merit in it. The Senator, there-
fore, estimates my powers altogether too highly.
Upon another field, 1 havenodoubt I should mos^
signally fail. The compliment is to the richness
of the material and not to the skill, of the oper-
ator. [Laughter.]
Having said thus much, I come back to the
question. In regard to that, the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland paid me a compliment, though
he did not mean to do so. He said that I made
one remark which was applicable to the subject
before us. I desire to be just, and I wish I could
return the compliment, tLaughter.] But, sir, I
have prescribed to myself in bestowing compli-
ments and in the uttering of witticisms that which
utterly forbids it, and that is to speak nothing but
the truth; and that shuts the mouth of compliment
on this occasion. Although it is, as I understand
it, almost always out of order for one person to
impeach the motives of another, I will say this,
that, so far as General Scott is concerned, what I
say about him I said years ago, before he was
nominated, and before 1 thought he would be
nominated. I thought then, and I said, that so
far as the mere soldier goes, he dotes merit as much
as those who have spoken the loudest in his favor
have asserted.-
I wish I had the power to make what is so clear
and plain to my own mind, a little plainer to some
one else. I wish 1 had the power of making pal-
pable the proposition that a vote of thanks to a
1 general after a victory does include approbation of
the war. The honorable Senator says that that
doctrine is monstrous, or horrible—I do not know
which epithet he used; but, I believe, both. Does
he know the author of the sentiment? Sir, I trust
he does; because 1 know that Maryland is prolific
in scholars and in scholarship, anu I take it that
it is not all engrossed by one of the Senators from
Maryland. Sir, the author of that "horrible"
sentiment was Lord Chatham, the elder Pitt; and
the occasion for expressing it was on a vote of
thanks to some of the British officers for the vic-
tories they had gained over the American colonies.
And further than that, the honorable Senator
wants to know what an officer is to do when he is
ealled upon to fight in an unjust war. Sir, that
same history will tell him; and it will also tell him
that there were officers in the British army who,
when they were ordered to draw their swords in
an unconstitutional and oppressive war, tendered
their commissions to His Majesty.
Mr. CASS. Who were they?
Mr. HALE. Read my former speech, and yoa
will find it there*
Mr. CASS. I would rather refer to you now.
There may have been one-such instance.
Mr. HALE. There was.
Mr. CASS. I say there may have been one.
Mr. HALE. I wish there had been one in this
country. I tell you, if there had been one, he
would have been President. If General Scott had
done it, it would have elected him. Gentlemen
are altogether mistaken when they undertake to
judge what the popular sentiment is by certain
manifestations which are easily manufactured, but
which do not come from the heart of the people.
But 1 will leave the subject.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
Mr. SHIELDS. In accordance with the sug-
gestion of the honorable-Senator from Michigan,
rmove that the word '* revived " be-stricken out,
and the word "created " inserted in its stead.
The amend mqnt was agreed to.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on the
engrossment of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted:
| YEAS—Mesara. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Brooke, Butler,
; Cass, Charlton, Clemens, Cooper, Davis, De Sausgure,
Dixon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fish, Geyer,
Gwin, Hunter, James, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Seward. Shields, Smith,
Soul«, Spruance, Underwood, Upham. and Wade—SI.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bradbury, Bright, Catheart,
Chase, Felch, Bale, Hamlin, Norris, Sumner, Toucey, ana
Walker—12.
So the joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading. It was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PEARCE. There are two vacancies in
the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian-Institu-
tion, which ft is very desirable and necessary
should soon be filled. I therefore ask leave to in-
troduce a joint resolution " fbr the appointment
of Regents in the Smithsonian Institution."
There being no abjection, the resolution was 1
read a first and second time, and considered %y
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It !
provides that the vacancies in the Board of Re- 1
gents in the class " other than members of Con- '
gress," be filled by the appointment of Alexander (
Dallas Bache, of the city of Washington, and John |
McPherson Berrien, of the State of Georgia. 1
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
a third time and passed.
TEXAS DEBT.
Mr. PEARCE. I rise toask the Senate to take
up the bill " to provide for the payment of such
'creditors of the late Republic of Texas as are dbro-
4 prehended in the act of Congress of September
' 9th, 1850," simply for the purpose of making it
the special order of an early day in January. -
The motion was agreed to; and, on motion of
Mr. Pearce, it was ordered that the bill be po#t?
. |
