THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C
32d Gomucst, 1 it Sbijiov.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1852.
New Sbries No. 8.
poned, and made the order of the day for the 6th I
of January next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. G WIN, the Senate proceeded
lo the consideration of Executive business, and
after some time spent therein, the doom were re-
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Ti ksdat, December 31,1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
br the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be the reception of petitions from the State
of Maine.
/AMES GLYNN.
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 ask the unanimous con-
«ent of the House to take up from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 234, for the relief of James
Glynn, if the House will indulge me for a mo-
ment, 1 think I can satisfy them that it is proper
to pass that bill at this time.
. It is a bill for the relief of James Glynn. A bill
for a similar purpose was reported to the House
the last session, by the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and is now on the Private Calendar. This
bill passed the Senate without debate;and the same
principle was decided by the House during the last
session in reference to the claim of Colonel Cross.
Commander Glynn, while at San Francisco,
was ordered to attend a court-martial at a distance
of some thirty miles from his ship. Previous to
this time, in consequence of the extreme illness of
the purser, he consented to receive funds belonging
to the United States Government to the amount of
|1,100.  
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I want to
know what ia the question before the House? It
has been impossible for me to ascertain in conse-
quence of the confusion in the Hail.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine ,
(Mr. Goodenow] asked—and it seemed to be ac-
corded to him—the unanimous consent of the |
House to make a brief explanation of the bill he >
proposes to have taken up and passed. He was I
proceeding to state the character of the bill. i
Mr. HUNTER. 1 object to any such state- j
ment.
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask if the objection does :
sot come too late? 1 have been allowed to proceed
with my statement without objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion came quite in time.
Mr. W1LDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills; which received the signature of the
Speaker, viz:
A resolution explanatory of an act supplement-
ary to an act approved the 23d day of May, 1850;
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to vessels in certain cases;
and
An act to amend an act approved the 31st of
August, 1852, in reference to an appropriation for
continuing the survey of the Mexican boundary.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, of Maine, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
An of the House, the papers in thecmse of Mary Andrews,
•a appiieast for a revolutionary penwon, for the purpose of
tauog them presented to the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sua-
peoded, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union, J
on the President's message.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I ask the gentle-
man from Alabama to give way for a moment, to j
•How me to present a memorial from the Legisla- j
tore of the State of Georgia, for the purpose of i
reference. !
Mr. STUART. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thai renew my motion to
go iato the Committee of the Whole on the state i
of the Union. I
8
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 69, noes 45.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE—THE TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the consideration of the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States. W hen
the committee last rose the question under consid-
eration was the amendment, by way of instruc-
tion, proposed by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, jMr. Clingman,J to the second resolution of
the series. The gentleman from Pennsylvania j
[Mr. Thomas M. Hows] had taken the floor and
indicated a disposition to offer an amendment to
those instructions, and he is now entitled tp the
floor.
The following is the amendment pending to the
second resolution :
" And that said committee be instructed to report on or
before the first day of January next, a hill in the following
words:
" A Bill to admit Railroad Iron free of duty.
"ie it enacted by tke Senate and House of Representatives
i* Congress assembled. That all railroad iron now imported
bjr any railroad company, for railroad purposes, upon which
the duties have not been paid in cash, shall be free from
duty; aad all railroad iron hereafter imported by any rail- i
' road company, for railroad purposes, shall be admitted free !
of duty under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe, to guard against fraudulent evasions of
the existing revenue laws, be being authorized to require I
bonds of all importers of said railroad iron, ou condition
to show that the iron so imported has been used in the con-
struction of some railroad within tlie term of three years
from the date of that importation, or in lieu thereof, they
pay double the amount of the elisting duties ou bar iron."
| Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE hq-e offered an
| amendment to the amendment; winch was reaS,
| as follows: '
Prodded, That this act shall not continue in force after
file 30th day of June, 1854.
'j I am opposed, Mr. Chairman, to the proposition
of the honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
as one fraught with the most serious consequences
to the State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent. Pennsylvania is largely engaged in manu-
facturing pursuits generally; but the chief and
most important of her manufacturing interests is
that of iron. This interest, sir, coeval with the
formation of the Government itself, has had a
steady progressive increase, under the fostering
legislation of the country, until in a measure ar-
rested by the-radical change of policy which char-
acterized the legislation of1846.
In the year 1850 there were in the State of Penn-
sylvania, 298 furnaces, 6 bloomeries, 121 forges,
79 rolling-mills—in all 504 establishments for the
manufacture of pig and bar-iron, with a capital in-
vested of $20,502,076. In addition to the above
there were.320 establishments for the manufacture
of castings, employing a capital of $3,422,924.
This great interest, so essential to the true inde-
pendence of the country at all times, but especially
so in times of war, had, up to 1846, been protected
by specific duties. The change in that year, from
specific to ad valorem duties, laid the foundation
for serious embarrassments. Whether fortunately
or otherwise, at the precise period of that change
in our system of duties, the price of iron abroad
was so high as to render protection unnecessary—
the average price of bar-iron, for the year 1846,
in Liverpool, being nine pounds sterling per ton;
which reduced to our currency, at $4 84 to the
pound sterling, is £42 56 per ton. With the foreign
price at those figures we need no protection.
Unfortunately, however, with the single exception
of one year, (the year 1847,) prices tn Liverpool
steadily declined till near the close of the last fiscal
year—falling in 1848 to £31 76, (measured by
our currency;) in 1849 to $26 92; in 1850 to
$24 84; in 1851, to £24 30; and in March, 1852,
the low price was reached of £23 60 per ton.
Since the last period prices have again rapidly
advanced, owing to the twofold causes of a largely-
augmented demand, and a greatly-diminished
supply—the production in this country having
fallen off, it is estimated, fully one half in the last
three or four years.
The extreme depression of prices in 1849,1850,
and 1851, extinguished the fires of nearly all the
furnaces in Western Pennsylvania. In one county,
containing twenty furnaces, not a solitary fire was
burning twelve months ago; and ten of the num-
ber had been sold by the sheriff as early as 1850,
and most of the residue, I am told, have since then
experienced a similar fate. In another county,
where there were twenty-nine furnaces, only six
had been able to perpetuate a sickly existence up
to July last; and fourteen of the number had been
sold by the sheriff. I give these two counties as
a fair illustration of the general condition of this
branch of the iron interest of Western Pennsylva-
nia up to the period of the recent advance in prices.
Of all the furnaces in Western Pennsylvania,
numbering one hundred and fourteen in 1850,
fifty-one had previous to that time been sold by
the sheriff.
The best security which can be provided
against such sudden and ruinous vicissitudes, is a
stable system of legislation, so regulated as to en-
courage production at home, and render us inde-
pendent of foreign combinations to elevate and
depress prices.
The manufacture of railroad iron is yet in its
infancy in this country; but there were in Penn-
sylvania in 1850, seven rolling-mills, adapted to the
manufacture of rails, capable of producing sixty-
four thousand four hundred tons; and which act-
ually did produce, in 1847, forty thousand nine
hundred and sixty-six tons. Other establishments
are projected; one in my own neighborhood pro-
poses an investment of £600,000, for the special pur-
pose of making rails. If you adopt the proposition
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingmav,] you will not only prevent the consum-
mation of this and similar enterprises, but put an
effectual and perpetual extinguisher upon the fires
of those establishments already in existence.
I know that the extreme high price at the pres-
ent moment has created a most intense pressure
for the abolition of duties; a pressure so strong
that I much fear it will be adopted as a measure,
at least, of temporary relief to such parties as are
under contracts for large deliveries of rails at prices
far below the present current rates. If, therefore,
Mr. Chairman, the proposition of the honorable
gentleman is to be adopted, as I hope it is not, then,
sir, 1 propose that its operation shall be limited to
the 30th June, 1854. To adopt it as the perma-
nent policy of the country would, as past experi-
ence most abundantly demonstrates, benefit ex-
clusively the foreign producer.
The idea thrown out by some one a few days
ago that competition amongst foreign producers
themselves would insure low prioes, is, I appre-
hend, entirely fallacious. IT 1 am correctly ad-
vised, there is no such competition between the
iron-masters of England. On the contrary, I un-
derstand that they all belong to an association,
and are in the habit of meeting quarter-yearly for
the purpose mainly of fixing prices for the ensuing
quarter. Abandon, then, Mr. Chairman, the re-
straining influence of home production, and you
take the most certain method which can be devised
to insure the permanent high price of rails. If,
on the contrary, you encourage production at
home, you will establish a salutary competition
between the foreign and domestic producer, and
keep down the price to a point which shall cover
the cost of production, and afford a fair remunera-
tion only to the capital and labor invested. Penn-
sylvania does not ask that her interests shall be
protected at the sacrifice of other interests; but she
does ask that your legislation shall be of such a
character, that while no injustice shall be done to
the other great interests of the country, as will in
the best manner and in the greatest degree pro-
mote the prosperity of all. She does ask, how-
ever, and she has a right to expect, that you will
not, by any partial legislation for the benefit of
railroad corporations, utterly annihilate some four
or five millions of the capital of her citizens invest-
ed in die manufacture of railroad iron.
