114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
Upon what principle of justice does capital in-
vested in railroads couiehere, and claim exemption
from its appropriate shnie of the public burdens?
at onetime you find it clamorous at your doors
for contributions ot' the public lands, and after you
have given away millions of acres, which have
been rendered available in preparing roads ready
for the track, you are asked to contribute in money
from your Treasury thirty per cent, of its value
to aid in the purchase of the iron.
If these roads, when constructed, were to inure
in the proportion of the public contributions to
the pecuniary advantage of the public, the demand
upon you would be more reasonable. But it is
not proposed to give the Government a Bingle dol-
lar's worth of stock, in return for the millions it
has contributed, and the millions more it is expected
to contribute. And yet, these roads are not to be
free roads. Every individual who travels upon
them, and every pound of freight which is trans-
ported upon them, is to be subjected to a tariff of
imposts, through all time to come, that the private
stockholder may reap his annual dividend; not of
simple interest merely,on his investment, but eight,
ten, and twelve per cent. What greater claim has
capital so invested, to the protection or immuni-
ties of the lioveroment, than capital invested in
manufacturing pursuits? Nay, sir, what right
has the one to come here and claim at your hands
the sacrifice of the other? Let both prosper to-
gether.  
Mr. CARTTER, It occurred to me, when my
honorable friend from the Pittsburg district [Mr.
Howe] was addressing the committee upon the
calamities of cheap iron, that perhaps my own
district would furnish as valuable a counterpart to
his argument, as would the district of any other
Representative upon this floor.
The honorable gentleman has given you the
graduation of the prices of iron, in a descending
scale, through a series of years and under the oper-
ation of the tariff of 1846. I congratulate the
country upon that result, and more especially my
own constituents. The very fact that it has
brought the Pittsburg iron-mongers to the test of
a competition that has reduced their profits to an
honorable and honest scale, is a subject of congrat- '
illation to me. Why, Mr. Chairman, my con- ,
stituents buy of the constituents of the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, nearly (150,000
worth'of iron annually. Iron is the staple of
wealth in the district represented by the honorable
gentleman from Pittsburg. Wheat is the staple
of wealth in the district which I represent. Flour
is worth—or was up to the period of the construc-
tion of a railroad, which has recently been com-
pleted, and which connects that gentleman's dis-
trict and my own together—from half a dollar to
•eventy-five cents a barrel more, in the center of
my district, than it was in the city of Pittsburg.
By a convention which assembled under the au-
spices of the gentleman who has just made his
speech, we were told last year that they wanted
an increase of fifteen per cent, for the purpose of
enabling them to live. The result of it would bean
additional tax upon my district, on iron purchased
of Pittsburg alone, ofbetween $23,000 and $24,000,
totally unrequited. And, sir, I thank God that it
has gone down, for there is no reciprocation. This
talk about a tome market that is to be furnished
to the fanners, is all pure gammon.
The gentleman represents a district that will not
pay within one half a doilar as much per barrel
for flour as i* paid in the center of my district,
while they are selling to us J150,000 worth of iron
annually, and with no reciprocation.
Now, sir, this is a mere epitome of the picture
which this tariff presents everywhere—it is taking
out of one man's pocket and putting into another.
Sir, I am in favor of the proposition I advanced
the other day—free trade and direct taxation. Let
the muscle and genius.of this nation, with the ad-
vantages of a home market, which they have, <
against the three or four thousand miles of trans-
portation abroad, constitute the tariff of protec-
tion; and if there is not enough genius, energy, in-
dustry,and economy in the American character-
that character being proverbial for all these vir-
tues—to take care of themselves, then let them
go- i
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question then being on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Howe,
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Thomas M. Howe and
Cartter were ajipoinied.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. J wish to amend
the proposition of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Clikgmak,] by inserting after the
word "railroad," the words " and all other iron."
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will vote for it.
Mr. VENABLE. I will vote for it with pleas-
ure.
Mr. JONES. I wish that proposition to be in-
corporated in the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina,in order that when one por-
tion of the iron imported into the country shall
come in duty free, that that part which is used by
the great body of the American people—by al-
most every man in the country, by all the agri-
culturists,  nd for all the mechanical implements
of the country—may also come in free; and that
we will not make special favorites of the corpora-
tions of the country, which now aim to control
this Government—corporations which tell the de-
partments of the Government, when treating with
them for carrying the mails of the country, that
they care nothing about it, but will run to suit
themselves, and not to accommodate the Govern-
ment or the people.
Sir, whenever a proposition is brought forward
for the benefit of corporations, and for their ex-
clusive benefit, it is always done with the deceptive
plea that it is for the benefit of the people.
Exempt the iron of these railroad corporations,
and what benefit will result to the great body of
the people? Will they carry a passenger one
cent cheaper? will they carry your freight one
cent cheaper ? will they carry your mails cheaper?
No, sir; it is a benefit which is to act continu-
ously, because these roads already constructed are
continually needing iron to relay their tracks and
keep them in repair.
Mr. Chairman, I am in favor of the lowest pos-
sible rate of duties; and even, sir, when the coun-
try shall be p'repared for it, I shall be for the an-
nihilation of imposts upon the commerce of the
country. Let your trade be free, and the prop-
erty of the country pay the taxes to support the
Government. But 1 am opposed, at this time, to
interfering with that mMtet. X* much ulle-
sire a reduction of the tariff, 1 would not reduce
; it in the way proposed here, in order to benefit the
capitalists of the country who are engaged in
manufactures.
I want the subject to eome up, as it must do in
the next Congress, when we shall have a Presi-
dent favorable to the revenue tariff system, and
when we shall have heads of Departments who
will cooperate with the legislative body in favor
of a reduction of duties to the lowest possible
point admissible as a revenue standard, and not
to pretend to adjust it upon the principle of pro-
tection, to decrease the revenue by increasing the
duties under the odious system of specifics and
minimums. I hope that the whole subject of the
reduction of the tariff will be passed over until the
friends of that system, which the country has de-
clared in favor of, shall not only be in the major-
ity here but charged with the administration of
the Executive Government.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asburt Dickivs, Esq., informing the House
that that body had appointed n Committee of Con-
ference on thedisagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill for the relief of Margaret L. Worth.]
Mr. FULLER, ofPennsylvania. I am opposed
to any legislation upon this subject at the present
time. The adoption of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, to admit railroad iron
free of duty, would not only bean act of the gross-
est injustice towards those of our citizens who have
invested their capital in this branch of industry, but
at this time wou Id seriousl yaffect the revenues of the
Government. As has been stated by my colleague,
[Mr. Thomas M. Howe,] under the tariff of 1842,
a large amount of capital was invested in the State
of Pennsylvania in the manufacture of iron; more
than $6,(KM),000 in the manufacture of railroad
iron alone. Our people, in pursuance of what
they .believed to be the established policy of the
Government, acting as they supposed upon its
faith and with its guarantee, liberally invested their
money in this branch of industry. Since that
period—owing in part to a change of tariff, in part
to the disturbed state of continental Europe—the
' consequent depressed condition of the iron market,
and the resulting surplus which the English manu-
facturers werecomptlled to throw upon the Ameri-
can market, at prices ruinously low, and against
which our legislation did not sufficiently guard,
this interest has become greatly embarrassed and
distressed. For the last three or four years our
citizens have been petitioning Congress lor relief,
but no legislative aid has been granted. At this
particular time, owing to extraordinary causes,
operating at home and abroad—to the iac.t that a
large number of miners, puddlers, and laborers,
have emigrated from the mills and mines of Eng-
land to Australia; that the Emperor of Russia, in
^constructing his great military road from St. Peters-
burg to Warsaw, has contracted for one hundred
and fifty thousand tons, an amount equal to one
third the annual product of Great Britain; and
owing to the numerous railroad enterprises which
have been projected in this country, stimulated as
they are by California gold and the liberal policy of
the Government in the donation of public lands,—
the iron interest is prosperous, and the manu-
facturers are in a measure retrieving the losses
they have sustained during the last three or four
years J"
But it is alleged by the gentleman from North
Carolina, that most of the railroads in the Northr
were constructed during the period when there
was no duty on railroad iron. The gentleman is
mistaken. Such is not the fact. The New York
and Erie, the Pennsylvania central railroad, and
the greater portion of the Baltimore and Ohio road,
together with their numerous branches, have been
constructed since. And it is a fact that those rail-
roads in the country which were constructed du-
ring the ten years when railroad iron was free of
duty, paid a higher price for their iron than they
are compelled to do now, or have been compelled
to do since. Why, sir, in 1836 and 1837, when
the railroad mania prevailed, iron was selling in
England at $62 50 per ton, while in this coun-
try it brought #80 per ton. Now, the best rail-
road iron in the world can be manufactured in the
State of Pennsylvania from $50 to $55 per ton.
The history of prices during the ten years (from
1832 to 1842) when this description of iron was
admitted free, discloses the further fact, that pur-
chasers in this country derived no-advantage from
the remission of duty, while the Government lost
over $4,000,000 of revenue. The $4,000,000 went
into the pockets of British iron-masters, and was
lost to the public Treasury.
Mr. FREEMAN. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will ask him a question. How many
establishments in Pennsylvania manufacture rail-
road iron, and how much do they manufacture
annually ?
Mr. FULLER. They can now manufacture
in Pennsylvania about seventy thousand tons per
annum.
Mr. FREEMAN. How much do they manu-
facture ?
Mr. FULLER. They manufactured only about
eighteen thousand tons in 1851, and it was a ruin-
ous business at the then existing prices. At this
time I understand they have contracts equal to
their full capacity, at fair prices.
Mr. FREEMAN. What was the importation
into the eountry last year?
Mr. FULLER. Nearly three hundred thousand
tons, paying over $2,500,000 of revenue. The
prospect now is that the receipts of the Treasury
from this item of revenue will be greatly increased
for several years to come.
In looking over the report of the census, I dis-
cover it is estimated that there are nearly eleven
thousand miles of railroads in progress of construc-
tion in the country at this time. If such be the
fact, estimating one hundred tons to the mile, it
will require one million one hundred thousand
tons for their completion. At the present rate of
duty, thirty per cent, ad valorem, upon the average
price for the last ten years, this would yield over
$13,000,000 of revenue. If the duty is to be taken
off from railroad iron, let it also be remitted upon
every other species of iron; it would be highly un-
just to ditcrbninate in favor of corporations and
railroad companies against thefarmer and mtrhanic-
If it be taken off from rails, let it also be taken ofT
the axe, the shovel, and the hoe.
I trust, sir, we shall becontent to let well enough
alone. The country is now universally prosperous
