1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
in its industry—the people do  ©t complain—let us :j
not legislate to their injury. i
{Here the hammer felh]
The question w a then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Joves, arid it was agreed to.
Mr. FREEMAN. 1 move to amend the prop-
osition of the gentleman from North Carolina, so
that it will provide for the reduction of the duty
on iron to one per cent.
We have heard from the advocates of protection
that there were some two hundred thousand tons
of railroad iron imported into the country last year,
•nd that Pennsylvania manufactures only eighteen
thousand tons per annum. It is then clear, Mr.
Chairman, that Pennsylvania has but a small cap-
ital invested in this particular branch of industry.
It stands as eighteen thousand to two hundred
thousand, according to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Fuller.] My im-
pression, however, is, that it is at a much less ratio
than that. 1 do not recollect precisely the quantity
of railroad iron imported into the country, though
I think it is much greater than two hundred thou-
sand tons per annum.
A Membeb. It is two hundred and ninety-one
thousand tons per annum.
Mr. FREEMAN. I was then correct in my
impression. Two hundred and ninety-one thou-
sand—nearly three hundred thousand tons of rail-
road iron was imported into this country during
the last year, and only eighteen thousand tons,
during the same time, were manufactured in Penn-
sylvania. Is it not clear, then, that the present
tariff on iron is not a protection to the manufacture
of that article in Pennsylvania? It is not a pro-
tective tariff, and if the duty be reduced to one per
cent, on all railroad iron, instead of the present
rate, what harm results to that class of manufac-
tures' But, on the contrary, what great and im-
portant benefits do we render to the whole coun-
try ? Is not the interest of the whole paramount
to that of a fraction ?
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
■who has just addressed the committee, is ■very
much opposed to corporations. Well, sir, I sup- '
pose, from the tenor of his remarks, that he is for
opposing Republican Governments, because they
are corporations. Why.heshould reraemberthat
all the corporations of the world are not United#
States Banks—he should remember that all cor-*'
poralions are not rag manufactories and shin-plas-'
ter concerns. The Government under'which w  jj
act, and by which we are controlled, is a corpora-
don, and will the gentleman make war upon Re-
publican Governments, because they are corpora-
tions? The gentleman ought not to lay so broad
a foundation for so small a superstructu re. Public
corporations have never been condemned, and pub-
lic road* are of that class. Ascertaining, as we
have already done, that therf are some $14,000,000 ;
of surplus revenue in the Treasury of the Federal
Corporation, and knowing, as every man in this
committee knows, that the railroad interest of this
country is the interest of the great democratic
people of the American Union, it is the duty of
every member on this floor to take the subject
seriously into consideration. The Federal Cor-
poration must be depleted. We can do Pennsyl-
vania little or no damage, for she is doingnothing,
comparatively, in the way of the manufacture of
railroad iron, but we can benefit the whole Union 1
—north and south, east and west—by making
that description of iron free of duty. We will do
no harm to anybody in the world, save three small
manufactories in Pennsylvania, making only eigh-
teen thousand tons per annum, which could be ;
more profitably engaged in some other occupation,
whilst we will deplete the Treasury of the surplus 1
revenue derived from the importation of about
three hundred thousand tons of railroad iron. By
this reduction of the tariff, we will encourage the
construction of railroads, and thereby increase the (
wealth and comfort of all classes of community.
_ Now, let us examine the question of corpora- j
tions a little further. I know they are said to be
soulless things; but it cannot be denied that the
associated capital of railway corporations is pro-
ductive of great public benefits.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW obtained the floor,but yielded to
_ Mr. FULLER. The gentleman from Missis- ;
sippi [Mr. Freeman) has entirely mistaken my
remarks with regard to the quantity of iron they 1
manufacture in Pennsylvania. I said they man- <1
ufactured in that State eighteen thousand tons of
railroad iron. The entire manufacture amounts to
over half a million of tons of all kinds of iron an-
nually. There are some eight hundred thousand
tons manufactured in the country. I wish to say
further, that the gentleman would gain nothing by
remitting the duties on railroad iron at this time,
for the reason that the demand is now greater than
the supply; and the thirty per cent., which this
year amounts to $2,500,000, instead of going into
the Treasury, would go into the pocket of the
British iron-master. It is impossible at this time,
owing to the increased and increasing demand for
railroad iron, that the manufacture of the world
can equal that demand.
Mr. FREEMAN. If that be the case, would it
not be impolitic to retain the present duty on rail-
road iron, and thereby increase the surplus reve-
nue in the Treasury ?
Mr. GROW. I cannot yield the floor to a dia-
logue, when my time is limited to five minutes.
I am not opposed to the reduction of duties on
railroad iron from any consideration of protection
to any interest of the country. 1 have always un-
derstood that the object of the imposition of duties
on imports was to raise revenue for the support of
Government, and while the tariff is the only tax law
that the General Government now has, justice to all
interests require that the duties should be imposed
in sucha way as to raise the greatest amount of rev-
enue. For being a tax on imported articles con-
sumed in the country, and not upon property, the
only way you can reach the wealth of the nation,
and make it pay its proportion of taxation, or any-
thing towards it, is to impose your heaviest duty
on articles consumed mostly by the richer portion
of your population. What justice is there then
in exempting from taxation one article of your
imports, when,as was well said by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] that article is used
by corporations alone ? What justice is there in
exempting from taxation the associated capital of
the country invested in railroad enterprises, while
you tax the mechanic on his saw and hammer,
the farmer on his chains and plow, and the day-
laborer on his spade, axe, and hoe? What is it,
sir, but another form of class protection ? Some
gentlemen who are violent opposers of protection
to a-ny interest or class, are strenuous advocates of
this. Where is the difference in granting legisla-
tive favors to a class of men engaged in manufac-
turing, or another class engaged in railroad specu-
lations? For in both cases men invest their money
in the hopes of gain. The dividends and the per-
centage are thesole inducements; and let them both
be treated alike by your laws—giving bounties to
neither. While the revenue of the Government is
collected by imposts, let every article imported
pay its proper share of tax, unless it be an article
of necessary and universal consumption, fiutrail-
road iron is not such an article, and justice to the
tax-payer demands that it should contribute its
share to the revenue.. Why should the labor of
the country be taxed on salt, sugar, and other in-
dispensabl  necessaries of life, and at the same
time exempt the men who have invested and asso-
ciated their capital in railroad projects? Besides,
while collecting revenue, you are bound by every
consideration to do as little injury as possible to
any and all interests that have grown up under
the laws or on the faith of the Government. Re-
peal the duties on railroad iron, and you strike a
deadly blow at the iron interest of the country;
for the manufacture of railroad bar is one of the
greatest means of consuming pig iron. And be-
sides, the railroad bar imported, after it becomes
worn, can be taken up ana worked over, so as to
answer many purposes for which iron is used.
By a repeal of this duty, then, you strike down
an interest that you called into existence solely by
your legislation in 1842. Is it necessary to do it
from any considerations of revenue? If so, that
interest, like any other, must submit to it. For
the object in imposing any duty being to raise
revenue, and the manufacturer having the benefit
of whatever protection arises from that amount,
whenever it becomes necessary, therefore, to
change the duty in order to meet the wants of the
Government, whatever injury may result to him
is one of the necessary consequences of this mode
of collecting taxes. But in this case there is no
such necessity; for by a repeal of this duty you
destroy revenue.
And thus you would permit a large amount of
iron to come into the country, to be used by vari-
ous interests, under the disguise of benefiting cor-
porations; and without raising an iota of revenue,
you ruin one important interest of the nation. But,
sir, I raise no voice here for protection; nor do I
represent constituents who desire to trammel the
trade of nations. They are ready to meet the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] or gentlemen
from any section of the Union, to unfetter com-
merce and strike off forever its shackles. But they
ask that it shall be done with justice and fairness
to the tax-payer and to all the great interests of
the country.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Free-
mam's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move to reduce the tariff
to two per cent. As to the argument about the
farmer who uses iron,—this shovel and hoe argu-
ment,—we do not propose to increase any taxes
now levied upon the farmer. We propose to run
railroads through the'country that will advance
the value of the lands of the farmers from one
dollar and a half to twelve and twenty dollars per
acre.
Is that injuring the farmer? The honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Gnow] is striking
the most deadly blow against the ngricultureu
interests of the country. Look at his own State
of Pennsylvania. Go to the points where the rail-
roads now run, and where a few years ago you
would have found extensive forests—the haunts of
wild animals—you now find the homes of wealth,
luxury, ease, and refinement. Do we tax the farm-
er by building these roads? Are they not the very
instruments whereby he is elevated to the highest
level of society? Is not the farmer brought within
a breath, as it were, of the great commercial cities
of the country? Does he not now transport his
produce at a price far below that which it cost him
when, with his ox-team, he used to wend his tire-
some way along the mountain heights, and down
the valley passes, and across the streams of the
country ?
The gentlemen from Pennsylvania are enemies
to the farmers of the country and railroad men;
the'men who are in favor of reducing this tax
upon iron, are the men who are raising, the farmer
and the day-laborer to the position of intelligent,
enlightened, and worthy American citizens. I
wish to hear no more of this atl captandum talk.
When these gentlemen go home to their constitu-
ents, and visit the farmers along the line of these
roads, they will be called to an account for neg-
lecting the interests of these very men whom they"
pretend to loye and serve.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] talks
about the duty on skillets. I am glad to see him
perform his duty to' the skillet. When the Mis-
sissippi railroad reaches Tennessee I will send
him a quantity, duty free.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not intend to make
the point of order upon my friend from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Freeman] if he had replied immedi-
ately to the gentleman with whom he had been
discussing this matter; but it is evident if this
debate takes the range it commenced that we shall
never get through, and I ask the Chair, therefore,
if the gentleman's remarks are in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the gentleman's remarks are out of order, not be-
ing in support of the amendment he proposed.
Mr. FREEMAN. I moved to reduce the tariff
to two per cent. 1 am discussing and replying
to arguments which were considered perfectly in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable.
Mr. FREEMAN. I will proceed in order.
What is the question before the House? The
question is to reduce the tariff on railroad iron to
two per cent. I am in favor of that measure, be-
cause it advances the great interests of all classes
of the country. Where is the man, of any grade
or occupation, who does not ride upon railroads
in preference to riding in his own private carriage?
Where is the farmer who does not prefer to bring
to his own door his farming and household uten-
sils upon the iron rail?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I would like to
ask the gentleman a question. Do I understand
him to ssy that he will appropriate money out of
the National Treasury in every instance where ho
is convinced that it is for the public good ? Do I
understand him to occupy that position?
