116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
Mr. FREEMAN. I "aid nothing of the kind, I
and my remarks bear no such interpretation. I
am speaking of the duty upon railroad iron.
[Laughter.] Whq  other topics are presented I
will discuss them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not rise to make a
speech, but to wash my hands at once of making
ad captandum remarks, as the gentleman upon the
other side of the House has been pleased to use
this language. I desire, however, to say, since
that gentleman has presented this measure to the
House—the reduction of duties upon railroad iron
—aa a Democratic measure, and has therefore ap-
Fealed to the Democratic sympathies of the House,
think I may also appeal to the Democratic prac-
tice of the House. If I remember aright, the great
father of free trade in this country—I mean great in
his weight of character, not in his person—Mr.
Walker, was himself an eloquent advocate of a
duty in 1842 of $25 a ton upon railroad iron. He
was himself the father of this present duty on rail-
road iron, and refused to accede to the wishes of
certain gentlemen, who did not see through the
whole system of protection, to take off the duty
on iron in 1846. I therefore infer that the elder
fathers—the old fogies of Democracy—were not
■o ultra in their views as the honorable gentleman
upon my left, [Mr. Freeman.] I have nothing
to say in reply to the remarks about the farmers
of Pennsylvania. I have only to say, that/armm
of Philadelphia are anxious that the duty should
be retained upon iron. Those who have spent
their money for the construction of railroads, are
also, perhaps, in part the owners of the iron and
coal mines, the owners of the lime places, all of
which need the protection of this duty. We ask
that it should be retained, not enlarged now, ask-
ing only that they also may receive their share of
yeyr protection which other portions of the com-
munity are to receive. I do not purpose, at the
present time, to discuss that matter. I wish merely
now to say, if I understand anything of the spirit
of Democracy, that this thing opposes what has
been declared to be the principle of Democracy
since the 3d of November.
Mr. FREEMAN. I did not use the ten  of i
Democracy as an invidious distinction; but it is :
well known that the Whigs have all turned Dem-
ocrats, and that the term applies to die whole
country. i
Mr. CHANDLER. If Ephraim is joined to
his idols, I will let him alone.
Mr. FREEMAN. Let the gentleman redoce
the duty upon iron.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not if mv vote will pre-
vent it. So far I have become a Democrat as to
be a warm admirer and a very humble defender of
the tariff of 1846, on prices existing when it was
made, till we can do better. 1 have nothing more
to say.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Fkee-
inn's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MEACHAM. I propose the following
amendment to the amendment:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed to repay to parties interested the amount
of duties which have been paid upon railroad iron since the
first of December, 1846.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that amendment in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
this amendment, being a direction to the Secretary
of the Treasury, is not in order to that proposed
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Cuxoman,] which proposes to instruct the Com-
mittee on Ways ana Means.
Mr. MEACHAM. That I may make the
amendment in order, I will say that the Committee
on Ways and Means be instructed to make, &c.
Mr. Chairman, this movement to make railroad
iron free is proclaimed as a Democratic measure.
If true, I hope Democratic justice will proveitself
equal justice, and exact to all. That justice de-
mands that if you make the present and future
free, you should make the past free also. One
portion of the country have built their roads and
paid the duties on their iron. New England has
expended more than one hundred and thirty-one
millions of dollars'in railroads. Most of this has
been done while the duty was levied on railroad
iron. More than seventeen millions of dollars
have been expended in my own State, and the
duty has been paid on every foot of iron laid down.
They have cut their way through her everlasting
hills; the valleys have been exalted, and the moun-
tains brought low, and the rough places made plain.
All this was not done by our own capital. Gen-
erous and enterprising capitalists of Boston, like
her able representative here, have contributed to
furnish the funds. Much, of that stock is below
par, which might not have been the case had you
given to us what you seem determined to take for
yourselves.
While all these great works are going on with
so much sacrifice, Congress gives to Illinois nearly
three millions of acres of public land to build a
road. At the estimate of an interested member of
the corporation, to whom these lands are surren-
dered by the State, that road can be built, and
all the fixtures and furniture supplied, and leave a
clear profit of millions to the company. The reso-
lution of the gentleman from North Carolina pro-
poses to add to their clear profit by taking off the
duty on iron. You give them three millions of
acres of land through the most fertile region of
the whole earth; and after you have given that
corporation a fund sufficient to do their whole
work, and then have a fund large enough to con-
trol and corrupt a State, you increase that fund by
decreasingthe costof making the road. Putthese
two together, and tell me where is the justice,
where the Democratic equality? Vermont has
built her roads, and in doing so, has helped to pay
the taxes of North Carolina, Illinois, and other
States. Now, they turn round, and declare they
will not d6 as they have been done by. I ask
again, where is your Democratic equality ? If you
have settled on the measure of making railroad
iron free, adopt my amendment; pay back the
duties you have received from roads already
built, and you can make equality; and there is no
other way of doing it; Why tax ten thousand
miles of road already built, and leave the ten
thousand miles in process of construction free?
1 ask for this only on condition that you make
railroad iron free for the future. If you do that,
you are bound in honor and justice to pay back
what you have taken from us. It is by no means
a new thing. It has been done many times in the
past. I will refer to a few of the many instances
 n your statute-books:
1. Act making i Bro d iron free, or refunding when actu-
ally laid down, 3<V' 18% sec. 9i) n<ft reduce duty
below twenty per mi vtorrm^yoL 411.
S. Itefuniluiswhole duty when rail* laid down.—July 14.
| 1832; tec. lfvol. 4, p. 604.
SPECIAL.
3. Refunding duty on railroad iron to Lexington and Ohio
Railroad Company, $1,934.—-Ipp- March 3,1837; vol.
5, p. 169.
4. Remit or refund to the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and
Baltimore Railroad Company, the Wilmington and Susque-
hanna Railroad Company, and Port Deposit Railroad Com-
pany.—Feb. 6, 1839; vol. 6. p. 745.
5. Red River Railroad Company to cancel bond* and stay
judgment for duties on railroad iron imported in 1837.—Act
Aug. 11, 1848; vol. 9, p. 734.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have but a word to say
in opposition to the amendment before the com-
mittee. It is to he presumed, when this tax was
laid upon railroad iron, that the Government
needed it; and I am not willing to refund or pay
back any tax needed for the support of the Gov-
ernment. But the Government aoes not now need
that tax for its support, and therefore my proposi-
tion is to remit it. I hold it to be the duty of
every Government to repeal all unnecessary taxes;
and when the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Meacham] can show me that taxation was unne-
cessary, that the Government did not spend the
money for any public purpose, and that it is still
in the Treasury under our control, then there may
be very good reasons for refunding it; and if the
gentleman will show me that such a state of facts
exist, I do not know that I will object to its being
refunded.
! Mr. MEACHAM here made a remark which
was not heard by the Reporter.
I Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not know about that.
If gentlemen will reduce these duties, and there is
still a surplus in the Treasury, I should be per-
fectly willing to vote for some equitable distribu-
tion of that surplus.
I was about to say, in reply to the gentleman
i from Vermont, that I believe there were more rail-
roads constructed in New England while railroad
iron was admitted duty free, than in any other
section of the Union.
Mr. MEACHAM. There were none con-
structed in Vermont.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman says they
made none in Vermont. Then they are in about
H the same condition with us in North Carolina,
t We have made nearly all our roads when there
has been a high rate of duty upon railroad iron;
so we are alike in that respect.
But we find the Government can get on very
well without this money. We havealready a very
large frealist. It is useless for gentlemen to talk to
me of auniform system of taxation; but if gentlemen
want to adopt that system, I am perfectly willing
to join them. But, as 1 said, we have already a
very large free list, and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. "Duncan,] propose to make
it still larger. My position, therefore, is this: If
you are to make any one article free of duty, let
that article be railroad iron, for that is the great
instrument for stimulating American industry.
Let us, therefore, repeal this tax, in the first
place, because the Government does not need it;
and in the next place, because we have already
a very large free list; and this will do more to ad-
vance the interests of American industry than any
item in that list.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Clingman.
Mr. WASHBURN offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
And that so much as refers to the tariff, the said Committee
on Ways and Means be directed to report, by bill or other-
wise, on or before the first Monday in February next.
Mr. Chairman, believing that our revenue laws
need revision, I see nogood reason for postponing
initiatory measures, having that object in view,
but I think I can perceive strong reasons for their
adoption at the present session of Congress. If,
however, the majority are indisposed to enter
upon their consideration, it would be wholly un-
profitable, and perhaps not altogether decorous for
the minority to press them. The objection made
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr..Bayly,] to
action at the present time, does not appear to me
to have been well taken. The present Adminis-
tration retires under a constitutional limitation,
and not as English Ministries ordinarily do, for
L want of the confidence of the Legislature. The ma.
jjoritie  under the new Administration will be the
I same as in the present Congress. No changes or
] modifications can be made now, except by the
1 political friends of the incoming Administration.
The facts are patent and undeniable—there is no
information necessary for intelligent action which
is not at hand. There is a large surplus in the
Treasury; the necessity is urgent. And the time
is auspicious, for now that the recent elections
have determined, by large majorities, the political
character of the next Congress and the next Exec-
utive, it would seem as if we could approach this
great question under circumstances peculiarly fa-
vorable to its calm and unprejudiced considera-
tion. Now is the time, if we desire it, to lift it
from the arena of mere party politics. A question
so important, so vitally affecting the interests, the
comforts, and the happiness of the whole people,
ought not to be made dependent upon the shifting
fortunes of our political parties.
No party at the present day is, I apprehend,
in favor of prohibitory or highly protective duties.
The circumstances under which they were neces-
sary or allowable, and the times when they were
thought to be required, have passed away—mainly
, in consequence of the existence and operation of
Buch duties in times past. But many men of all
parties—and I am inclined to believe a majority of
the people of the United States—are of opinion,
that while the details of our revenue laws requite
modification, all changes ought to be in harmony
with the system which has been acted upon, for
1 the most part, for the last thirty years. That sys-
tem is, unquestionably, the true one for sucn a
! country as ours, and is best in accordance with
the true theory of the powers and duties of the
Federal Government. That Government was not
established, as some have supposed,simply to take
care of itself, to collect revenues, and pay office-
holders, but for higher purposes and objects, hav-
ing regard to the protection and promotion of the
vast and varied interests of a great people. And
its legislative power clearly extends to the passage
of laws affectingthe trade, commerce, and labor of
the country; otherwise, we present the anomaly
