1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
of a ration clothed with no power touching its 1
highest material interests. Possessing this power,
legislation under it will vary with the varying con-
dition and wants of the country. At one time, it
may be necessary in reference to the currency; at
another, to arrange the imposts so tis to afford
protection; and then for the reduction of duties.
Vet, while circumstances change, and the condi-
tion of the country, absolute and relative, changes,
or.e and the same general system, the same prin-
ciples of construction as to the authority and obli-
fittions of the legislative department, the same
octrines, will remain in perfect integrity, allow-
ing and involving not infrequent changes in the
particulars of legislation.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] says a permanent system of duties is im-
possible. Now, it strikes me that a permanent
system is not only possible, but very necessary;
not that there may not be changes in the rates on
many articles; but in part because there should
and must be. For all such changes should be un-
der, and in harmony with, a great, true, and per-
manent system. Ail modifications should be made
in the light of such system, and to carry out its
idea. Every change of duty should not be a
change of system. The system for this country,
and the onfy one that can enjoy any degree of
permanence, must be that, which, in the collecting
of revenues for the uses of the Government, has
regard to the industrial interests of the country,
and looks farther than to see how a given amount
of money can be most readily obtained from duties
on imported goods—which seeks to raise the ne-
cessary revenues in such way as not to prejudice
those interests, bat rather to protect, aid, and foster
them.
There may be three systems for the levying of
duties and collection of revenues:
1. That which would have the duties imposed
and collected vithout any regard to the effect upon
the business and enterprise of the country.
2. That which would impose and collect them in
such way as to embarrass the business, and de-
press the industry of the country.
3. A system which would have distinct refer-
ence to the industry and enterprise of the nation,
and seek to afford them protection and encourage-
ment.
Which of these systems is the one contemplated
by the fathers—the framers of the Constitution,
and the early legislators of the country/ Which
ia the system, that, being true and wise, ought to
be permanent?
Assuming that the last-mentioned is the true j
system, I would inquire what changes are de-
manded in the tariff of 1846? J
It is very true, as the gentleman from South
Carolina says, that what are purely revenue duties
at one time, may at another become prohibitory.
Under the system which has to some'extent been
in operation for a quarter of a century or more,
with the achievements of inventive genius, and
with our great advancement in all the aids and
helps to production, (for which we owe nothing
to free trade,) we are now able to furnish, at home,
many articles—heretofore imported under high
duties—cheaper than they can be afforded in any
other country. Where we can do this, duties are
inoperative, whether for revenue or protection.
They are at once useless and harmless. A duty
on raw cotton would neither help nor harm South
Carolina, or the general Treasury. But there are
articles largely imported into the United States,
composing to a considerable extent our enormous
aggregate of J^200,000,000, which come in compe-
tition with similar articles produced here, or for
the production of which our soil, climate, situa-
tion,and labor are well adapted. Without dis-
crimination,.we stand in relation to them as we
stood to coarse cottons forty years ago. But under
the system which we have applied to cottons, we
may expect a similar experience to that which has
attended the cottons—ability to compete with the
world. And we should have great incidental and
auxiliary benefits besides—the employment of our
own instead of foreign labor; sale for large quan-
tities of products which will not bear transporta-
tion to distant markets; the circulation of our own
money in our own country; a reduction of the
trade balances against us, if not a balance in our
favor. '
This is oar condition—importations exceeding I
<300,000,000—exportations, exclusive of specie.
not varying much from $150,000,000; a surplus
in the Treasury of $15,000,000. The question,
what shall be done? is an important, and I think,
rather an imminent one. Shall we reduce the du-
ties on foreign articles similar to those produced in
this country on which no protection is necessary ?
That would be idle; it would neither increase nor
reduce the importations or duties. Shall we re-
duce the duties on articles like those produced
here, which need protection ? That would increase
importations, swell the balances, now too large,
against us, and probably not diminish the reve-
nue.
What, in my judgment, we ought to do, is to
reduce or abolish the duties on those necessaries
of life for which we are wholly dependent on other
countries than our own, and on such raw materi-
als as enter into our manufactures, and are not the
product or growth of this country; and to have
such legislation in regard to imported articles
which come in competition with articles of our
own production as will restrain their importation,
and thereby decrease the revenues. The revenue
in this way might be brought down to the amount
required by the wants of the Government—the sum
of our importations greatly reduced, our indebt-
edness abroad at worst not enlarged, and the
oountry placed in a condition of healthy and sub-
stantial prosperity that would render tne ultimate
extinction of this debt easy and certain. Now,
sir, without some legislation of this kind, and that
speedily, a revulsion is inevitable. It may be
postponed, but cannot be prevented. The laws
of trade, inexorable and irrepealable, determine
this. I should be glad if I could direct the attention
of the House to the clouds that are gathering in
the future, and could impress upon it the neces-
sity of taking measures at once for the safe deliv-
ery of the bolts, full of disaster and ruin, which
are preparing to discharge upon the country.
This future, this danger, this necessity, not only
justifies the minority in calling the attention of the
majority to the question Of revision at this time,
' but,It seems to.me,constrains them, as wiah-
|! ing well to the country, as men above faction and
above party, to say that they will go along with their
Democratic brethren, as co-workers and helpers,
in such measures as it must be obvious to all un-
1 warped and fair-minded men are demanded by the
J condition of the Treasury and of the country.
I The gentleman from South Carolina clearly sees
this danger of a revulsion looming in the distance,
! and well says that the discovery of the California
i mines has operated to postpone it, and has indi-
cated how it happened that the predictions of the
' Whigs, of an insufficient revenue from thetariff of
1846, have not been verified.
The California mines cannot prevent the break-
down,'anticipated by prudentand thoughtful men.
And it is not to.be overlooked that they have had
potent auxiliaries in the past which cannot be de-
pended upon in the future. The famine in Europe
which gave us an extraordinary market for provis-
ions and breadstuffs, has ceased to exist, and with
it the market which it created. In the troubled
condition of European affairs, growing oat of the
disturbances and revolutions of 1848, foreign capi-
talists looked to this as the safest country for in-
vestments of their money, and they sought our Be-
curities with unusual avidity; ana millions, per- j
haps hundreds of millions, of our stocks,—stocks '
of the United States, of the Stales, and of our
railroad and other corporations,—have been pur-
chased by them. Thus, our merchants have been !
able to meet the balances accruing against them
abroad, without reducing our circulation at home. {
Bui will this market forstock continue indefinitely,'
and constantly increasing ? This,as well as a con-j
stant increase in the receipts from California, must
be postulated to warrant the belief that a commer-
cial and monetary crisis can long be deferred. Sir,
these stocks will qease to be in demand in foerign
markets. The time must con  when European capi-
talists will stop buying them, and when those which ;
they now hold will be maturing. Then) with the I
specie current setting towards Europe to pay the
bonds that will be falling due, (for all of them will
not be extended or renewed,) and to pay the trade-
balances against us, and with countless millions
locked up in the form of fixed capital, how shall!
we get on ? Will there be no stringency, no revul-
sion, no prostration? ' ;
What will prevent this catastrophe, or if it can-
not be prevented, what will alleviate it? The ex-1
pedients of the gentleman from South Carolina,
and his free-trade friends? Is it not plain and legi-
ble that these will but hasten and aggravate, rather
than prevent or relieve the crisis? There is, there
can be, in my judgment, but one course for us.
We must contrive to stop this enormous importa-
tion of foreign goods. Ceasing to run in debt, we
must husband the resources that are our own, so
as to be able to pay what we owe with as little
embarrassment as possible to our commercial and
industrial interests. Setting our own labor at
work, making business active and profitable at
home, we will give increased employment to our
railroads, enabling them to pay their bonds as
they shall mature, and strengthen our merchants
by keeping down new balances to wipe out the
old. Thus we may, if in anyway it can be done,
escape a revulsion such as the country has never
known.
Gentlemen ttalk about repealing the duties on
railroad iron ! Did it never occur to them that a
healthier and wiser encouragement, and more sub-
stantial aid could be given to railroad companies
and to communities needing the accommodations
which they afford, by a wise adherence to a policy
which tends to increase the traffic upon railroads?
And who can believe, if there had been reasonable
protection for the last ten years on railroad iron,
that the domestic production of this article would
not have increased to the full measure of the wants
of the country, and the price have become perma-
nently fixed at rates very much lower than we are
now compelled to pay?
But to return. We are told that it is paper
money that has caused this danger of a revulsion.
It is convenient to have some scapegoat when it
is unpleasant to trace ugly results to their true
causes. Is it quite just to trace the evils, admitted
to exist, to paper money, when our extraordinary
receipts of money from California, arid from the
sale of bonds abroad, within half a dozen years,
have been from three to live hundred millions of
dollars? Expansions in the circulating medium
I exist, says the' gentleman from South Carolina,
j independentof revenue laws. This may be partially'
I true,'but they are never alarming, and can never
i lead to a general prostration, except when they
occur contemporaneously with a large foreign debt.
And seeing that expansions cannot be prevented,
nor paper money abolished, would it not be wise
; to maintain a revenue system which will render
i them comparatively innoxious?
! What the gentleman says in reference to these
States being a great Zoll-Verein, capable of pro-
ducing within their limits nearly everything re-
quired for the convenience and comfort of man, is
just and true. But do they produce them? Look
at our two hundred millions of imports, and answer.
And is it policy, by crippling our productive ac-
tivities, to keep this capability potential merely,
rather than by encouraging them, to make it a
practical realized fact? Without protection in the
past, we should not have become the producers that
we are; yithout it in the future, we shall not pro-
duce so much as we might.
Buy abroad and sell abroad, won't answer, so
long as we'buy of others more than they will of
tis. How this is now our table of imports and ex-
ports will show. Some political economists have
taught that the prosperity of a nation is proved
when the value of its imports exceeds that of its
exports. This may be true when the actual cost
to the foreign producer of the articles imported,
exceeds the actual cost to the domestic producer of
the articles exported, but never when the ex-
change leaves an indebtedness against the latter.
So long as we are buying abroad more in value as
exhibited by the amount in money which we
agree to pay, than we sell according to the prom-
- ises made to us, we are submitting to a course of
trade which must be ruinous in the end, and
against which there should be protection. This
protection can be afforded Only by the General
Government. Is it powerless to this end?
Mr. HOWARD said he* was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, or to
any other proposition which had for its object a
general revision of the tariff at the present session
of Congress. He would vote for a separate prop-
osition to repeal the duty on railroad iron. He
had voted for that proposition at the last session
of Congress, beoause he did not believe the duty
necessary for revenue," and thought' its repeal
would benefit the greafr interests of the country.
