118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
He was not disposed, at the present time, to sus-
tain these propositions for a revision of the tariff
coming from the other side of the House. It was
obvious that, under the pretense of reducing the
tariff, their real purpose was so to revise the pres-
ent revenue system, as to make a tariff more pro-
tective than the present. It was a singular move
on the political chess-board. The Whigs did not
now come forward and frankly admit that the pro-
tective policy was a fallacy, and that all their
prophecies had been falsified as to the power of
the present tariff to produce revenue. They, how-
ever, admitted that there was a surplus in the
Treasury, and alleging great danger to our legis-
lation from that surplus, asked that the revenue
might be reduced mainly by an enlargement of the
free list. The meaning of which is, that the pres-
ent duties on manufactures shall-be retained or in-
creased. The whole aim was surreptitiously to ob-
tain a protective tariff by its revision under Whig
lead.
If the subject of the tariff is referred to a special
committee, in pursuance of the motion of the distin-
guished member from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
under the parliamentary rule he will be placed at
the head of the committee, and no doubt prepare
the report. We all know that in a matteriof so
much detail as a tariff bill, the labors of the chair-
man of the committee must, to a considerable ex-
tent, give complexion to the measure.
Sir, it is necessary that the tariff should be re-
duced to a revenue standard; but the measure
should be taken in hand by the friends of free
trade and not by its enemies. The Whig statesmen
and politicians were opposed to the tariff of 1846.
They declared it would bankrupt the Government.
Since they have been at the head of the Govern-
ment, they have done all in their power, by Exec-
utive measures, to defeat its operation. Bat in
despite of their efforts and their prophecies, the
measure has been entirely successful. They are
not, therefore, proper agents to trust with the
great work of its revision.
There is another urgent reason why this sub-
j ect should be permitted to pass over until the
next Congress. Genera/ Pierce, to whose custody
the people have confided, with such unanimity,
the administration of the Government for the next
four years, should be permitted to develop his
policy in relation to the further reduction of the
tariff. It is no more than courtesy to him, that
an out-going Congress and Administration should
not take this subject out of his hands. His Sec-
retary of the Treasury ought to be permitted, by
his report, at least, to develop the policy of the
new Administration before we legislate on this,
which must be one of the most vital subjects of
his Administration.
Much is said about the surplus intheTreasury.
For one I do not believe that we shall have any
inconvenient surplus. We shall need every dollar
of it for pressing national wants. And if not for
pressing subjects of appropriation, then we ought
to appropriate it to the extinguishment of our na-
tional debt, by purchasing it in. Let ha get out
of debt, when it is in our power to do so, A change
may take place in the affairs and condition of this
country, before the debt falls due. We need con-
siderable appropriations for our national defenses.
Many of our posts are going to decay, others ought
to be finished, and some new works constructed.
We require the addition of some steam vessels to
our Navy.
No country is more prone than this to a policy
which is liable to result in conflicts, and yet none
■° totally neglects all the necessary preparations
for defense. Such was not formerly the policy of
the Democratic party, at least. General Jackson
opposed the distribution of the surplus revenue
among the States, and advocated its application to
the increase of the defenses of the country—to
fortifications and the increase of the Navy. Had
that policy been pursued, instead of distributing
that rich fund where it benefited no one, the na-
tional defenses of the country, at this time, would
have been in a very differentcondition. We ought
to take this opportunity to place them in a stronger
and safer condition.
, [Here th  hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR. Is the proposition before the
committee amendable ?
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition before the
committee is the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Cungman.]
Mr. TAYLOR. Is it in order to move to amend
it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I then offer the following:
And also, wiih instructions to inquire into the propriety of
substituting specific for ad valorem duties, wherever it may
be practicable; or a home valuation instead of the present
mode of ascertaining the rate ot'duties imposed by the tariff
of 1846, in accordance with the recommendation of Presi-
dent Fillmore iu his last annual message.
1 should not have troubled the committee, Mr.
Chairman, with any remarks upon this subject
now, but that I differ materially from some of my
friends, upon both this and the other side of the
House, in relation to what they deem the great dan-
ger to arise from the balance in the Treasury of the
United States on the first day of July last.
I agree with some of the remarks made by the
fentleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard.] I think,
lr. Chairman, if we pay the honest debts of this
Government, and provide forhonestclaimants who
have been knocking at the doors of the Treasury
for the last fifty years, you will have no surplus.
The United States are in debt sixty or eighty
millions of dollars. If a man be in debt sixty or
eighty thousand dollars, and happens to have
fifteen thousand in hand, has he a surplus? Cer-
tainly not. We have no surplus; none but what
we may properly apply to the payment of the
honest debts of this Government; and if we can-
not apply the surplus from the first of July, under
the laws as they exist now, we should legislate
so as to apply it to pay off a portion of the public
debt, and provide to pay, among other claims, the
French indemnity of five millions of dollars, which
is justly due, in the opinion of one branch of Con-
gress, to claimants who have .knocked at your
aoors for fifty years—a claim that has passed one
branch of Congress repeatedly, and by both
branches of Congress once—but it was vetoed by
the late President Polk, upon the ground, I be-
lieve, of expediency—a ground which I never
could sanction.
But my principal object in saying a word or
two ntfw, is this: The President of the United
States, in his annual message, sent to us on the
second day of December, last year, made, as the
Constitution requires him to do, a recommenda-
tion upon the subject of the tariff—not that he ex-
pected that a Democratic House of Representa-
tives would adopt what we call the Whig policy
of discriminating and protective duties—but he
called the attention of this House to the immense
frauds committed upon your Treasury, and he
asked you, as honest men and faiihful representa-
tives, to provide the means to detect and punish
the frauds and to prevent them in,future. That
message laid on your table for nine months, and
was not then referred, greatly to my regret. And
now, sir, he repeats this recommendation. He
calls to the notice of Congress the frauds upon
your revenue, and reiterates his recommendation
for a discriminating, protective policy—of specific
instead of ad valorem duties; and though the
House may not be ready to adopt his recommend-
ation, it has, nevertheless, come in good faith,
just as he is about to retire, respected by all hon-
est men in the country, of all parlies.
I believe it has come in good faith and requires
that some committee of this House, standing or
select, should take into consideration that sugges-
tion, and endeavor, at least, to prevent the frauds
upon your revenue, and provide for the protection
of American industry against foreigfl labor, foreign
capital and competition, and foreign legislation.
If I had time I could call to the notice of this
committee, in the express words of the President's
message, which I have before me—and which 1
will insert when these remarks are published, the
admirable recommendation of that officer—a rec-
ommendation repeatedly given to Congress, and
■ one which may hereafter come to you even from a
Democratic President. The President thus brings
this subject to our notice:
" In my first annual message to Congrem I called your
attention to what seemed to me some delects in the present
tariff, and recommended Mich modifications as in my judg-
ment were best adapted to remedy its evils and promote
the prosperity of the conntry. Nothing has since occurred
to change my views on this important question.
" Without tepeatini the aqraments contained in my for-
mer message, in favor of discriminating, protective duties.
I deem it my duty to call your attention to one or two other
considerations affecting this subject. The firstis, the efted
of large importations of foreign goods upon our currency.
Most of the gold ofOnlifbrnia, as fast as it i* coined, finds
its way directly te Europe in payment for goods purchased.
; In the second placa, as our manufacturing establishments
are broken down by competition with foreigners, the capi-
tal invested in them is lost; thousands of honest and indus-
trious citizens are thrown nutofemployment, and the farmer
to that extent is deprived of a home market for the sale of
his surplus produce. In the third place, the destruction
of our manufactures leaves the foreigner without com-
petition in our market, and he conseifuently raises the price
of the article sent here for sale, as is now seen in the in-
creased cost of iron imported from England. The prosper-
ity and wealth of every nation must depend upon its produc-
tive industry. The farmer is stimulated to exertion by
■ finding a ready market for his surplus products, and bene-
fited by being able to exchange them, without loss of time
or expense of transportation, for the manufacturea which
his comfort or convenience requires. This is always done
to the best advantage where a portion ofthe community in
, which he lives is engaged in other pnrsuits. But most
manufactures require an amount of capital and a practical
skill which cannot be commanded, unless they be protected
for a time from ruinous competition from abroad. Hence
the_ necessity of laying those duties upon imported goods
which the Constitution authorizes for revenue, in such a
manner as to protect and encourage the labor of our own
citizens. Duties, however, should not be fixed at a rate so
high as to exclude the foreign article, but should be so
graduated as to enable the domestic manufacturer fairly to
compete with the foreigner in our own markets, and by this
competition to reduce the price ofthe manufactured article
, to the consumer to the lowest rate at which it can be pro-
, duced. This policy would place the mechanic by the side
of the farmer, create a mutual interchange of their respect-
ive commodities, and thus stimulate the inda*try of the
whole country, and render us independent of foreign nations
for the supplies required by the habits or necessities of the
people.
" Another question, wholly independent of protection,
presents itself; and that is, whether the duties levied
should be upon the value of the article at the place of ship-
ment, or, where it is practicable, a specific duty, graduated
' according to quantity, as ascertained by weight or meas-
ure. All our duties are at present ad valorem. A certain
percentage is levied on the price of the goods at the port of
shipment in a foreign country. Most commercial nations
have found it indispensable, for the purpose of preventing
fraud and perjury, to make the duties specific whenever the
article is of such a uniform value in weight or measure as
to justify such a doty. Legislation should never encourage
dishonesty or crime. It is impossible that the revenue
I officers at the port where the goods are entered and the du-
ties paid, should know with certainty what they cost in
the foreign connfry. Yet thelaw requires that they should
levy the duty according to such cost. They are therefore
compelled to resort to very unsatisfactory evidence to as-
certain what that cost was. They take the invoiee of the
importer, attested by his oath, as the best evidence of
which the nature ofthe case admits. But every one must
see that the invoice may be fabricated, and the oath by
which it is supported false, by reason of which the dishon-
[ est importer pays a part only of the duties which are paid
I by the honest one, and thus indirectly receives from the
I Treasury of the (Jnrted States a reward for his fraud and
j perjury. The reports of the Secretary of the Treasury,
heretofore made on this subject, show conclusively thai
these frauds have been practiced to a great extent. "Hie
tendency is to destroy that high moral character for which
our merchants have long been distinguished; to defraud tlie
Government of its revenue ; to break down the honest im-
porter by a dishonest competition ; and, finally, to transfer
the business of importation to foreign and irresponsible
agents, to the great detrimentof ourown citizens. I there-
fore again most earnestly recommend the adoption of
i-pecific duties, wherever it is practicable, or a home valua-
tion, to prevent these frauds.
" I would also again call your attention to the fact that
the present tariff In some cases imposes a higher duty upon
the raw materials imported, than upon the article manu-
factured from it, the consequence of which is that the dutv
operates to the encouragement ofthe foreigner and thfe dis-
couragement of our own citizens."
, I will not so stultify the American Congress as
j! to say that we are to look to the White House
II with implicit faith, without proper inquiry, upon
i this or any other subject, whether a Whig or
Democratic President may fill the chair. We are
, to legislate for the whole Union; and this great
question of the tariff addresses itself to all the
! members of this House, whether Democratic or
; Whig. 1 am glad it is not a Democratic or a
i Whig measure. Many members of the Demo-
; cratic side, to their honor, as well as members
upon the Whig side, sustain the principle of pro-
| tecting American labor and American manufac-
j tures against the combinations of foreign labor,
and foreign capitalists, and foreign legislation; and
1 they go for specific duties where they can be had.
They go for a home valuation, to prevent frauds
upon your Treasury.
But, sir, I think it is due to the President of the
i United States that this part of his message should
not only be referred to the Committee on Ways
and Means, but that they should be instructed to
inquire whether we can with propriety adopt a
discriminating protective policy, specific duties,
and a home valuation, to prevent the enormous
frauds upon yourTreasury, and in raising a reve-
nue so modify the present tariff as best to protect
American labor in all its departments.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VEflfABLE. It seems to be conceded on
