1862.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
all hands that (he tariff of 1846 yields more reve-
nue limit* the interests of the country require.
Gentlemen on all sides of the House admit this.
Indeed, some of those who foresaw a bankrupt
Treasury under this system, now admonish us of
the d «ns er of a surplus accumulating in the pub-
lic coffer*. This evil is simply imaginary. The
beat sutrk which an individual can purchase is to
be found in Ilia own bonds, the evidences of his
own indebtedness. This is equally true of a State.
There i< no difficulty in purchasing the bonds of
the Government which are to fall due in a short
time, and cannot possibly demand a high premium
in the market.
If the t^rtlf of 1846 yields more revenue than
the country needs for the current expenses of the
Government, it is our duty, as wise legislators, to
put a stop to the evil. It is an absolute evil for
any Government to raise more by taxation than for
the supply of immediate wants. If the Treasury
is becoming plethoric, we have it in our power to
reduce this tendency by diminishing taxation—by
cutting otT some of the sources of this mischiev-
ous accumulation. But, sir, in doing so, it is wise
as well aa just, to select some leading article as the
subject of reduction, which, whilst it remedies the
evii, will be felt as benevolent legislation by all the
people who dwell in our borders—which will not
only benefit classes, but be felt in its salutary in-
fluence from the humble cottage of the laborer to
the luxurious dwelling of the rich. Iron is such
an article. I ant for admitting all iron free. Not
the railroad iron alone—not the iron which cor-
porations use to the exclusion of the laborer's
wedge and axe, his plough and plantation tools,
the pot in which he boils his meat, and the oven
in which he bakes his bread. It is true, that
whilst i shall vote for any reduction upon iron,
and ardently desire to see railroad iron admitted
free, I''greatly prefer a general relief upon the
whole suhject. I feel the necessity of curtail-
ing the revenue, which is excessive. Take away
the taxation which produces the surplus, and the
evil ceases to exist. It is a great achievement in
legislation, when the people feel it to be benevo-
lent. Nothing so much endears them to their
rulers as the conviction that their policy looks to
the removal of burdens; when, like the dew'of
Heaven, its mild and refreshing influence is felt
alike by the exalted and the humble—the poor as
well as those who have accumulated wealth.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Washbur.v,] as well as
that offered by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Tay-
lor.] If we send this subject to the Committee
on Ways and Aleans this short session, it may
come to a report, but that report will sleep the
sleep of death upon your table.
The subject was introduced by a friend of a
protective tariff", the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks;] he placed before us a discrimina-
ting free list, and yet when we propose to add iron
to that list a clamor is raised against discrimina-
tion. In my simplicity I thought that they were
the discriminators; that they taught discrimination
for protection; how clearly does this disclose the
shallowness of the pretext; how inconsistent the
whole policy of the advocates of protection. The
tariff is first denounced aa utterly insufficient for
the production of revenue, then complained of as
prodocing a surplus; gentlemen then introduce an
extended free list to prevent the accumulation of n
surplus, discriminating for that purpose, but which
in practice will be of but little avail; we propose
to extend the list by adding an article which will
really, and to some effect, reduce the revenue, and
they cry out against discrimination. His list in-
cludes brimstone and dye-stuffs, and fruits and
other inconsiderable items benefiting manfacturers
chiefly; we add iron, which is the great agent of
civilization, necessary to every branch of human
comfort and industry, and they are filled with
horror at discrimination. This is a subject, sir,
which the people can easily understand; this
gauze is too thin to cover it, the whole is too
transparent. -
Sir, the tariff of 1846 has disappointed all its
adversaries, and is yielding too much revenue.
They are now afraid of the accumulation in the
Treasury. That is right. The proper place for
the people's money is in the people's pockets,
except so much as is necessary to administer the
Government economically. Let us wake up to
this subject.
1 am in favor of free trade as our ultimate pol-
icy, but I dii not believe the country is ready to
abolish imposts now. Such a policy would be
premature and unwise at present. In this matter
the people will see iheir interests, and lead the
politicians. Experience will disclose all that is
needful, and when once they are satisfied of their
interests they will command their agents, and they
will obey. The necessity of arresting extrava-
gant expenditures and rebuking waste will be
more and more apparent. The evils which arise
out of too much revenue have trot been so sensi-
bly felt, because the money has been collected by
this sort of insensible taxation, but the whole will
ere long be understood. 1 am for no sudden or
violent change, but would treat the political evil as
a wise physician would a complicated disease. I
would pursue an expectant course, and so prepare
the public mind tor the great remedy. 1 know
that the people are equal to the work of reform,
and that if they felt that they actually paid the
enormous sums which now enrich favored classes
by the agency of imposts, suffering the double
■ evil of supporting the expenses of Government,
and pouriug wealth into the laps of those who are
enriched by the operation of discriminating duties,
they are sagacious and firm enough to apply an
effectual remedy.
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. TAYLOR called for tellers; which were
ordered.  
Mr. CARTTER. Would it be in order to call
for the reading of President Fillmore's last mes-
sage, as it is referred to in the resolution ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
not be in order.
Messrs. Taylob, and Jones of Tennessee, were
appointed tellers.
The question wa3 then taken,and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 46, noes 82.
So the amendment of Mr. Taylor was not
agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN offered an amendment to the
amendment of Mr. Clingm aw, by further1 instruct-
ing the said committee to report the following
bill:
An Act to rednce the duties on certain articles, and to ex-
empt certain articles from duty:
f See. I. Be it enacted b*jthe Senate and Houfe of Rejrre-
1 tentative* of the United States of Jimeiica in Congress as-
!l tem bled, That from and after the first day of March next,
in lien nf tlie duties liereiolbre imposed by law on the ar-
, I tides hereafter mentioned, imported from foreign countries,
j there be levied, collected, and paid, the lollowing du
> ties, that is to say, on coarse wool, unmanufactured, the
value whereof at the place whence exported to the United
States, shall be ten cents, or less, per |>ouiid. there shall be
; levied a duty of ten per cent, ad initorem, and on unman-
ufactured flu, a duty of eight per cent, ad calerem.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in addition to the
articles now exempted frnru duly, the following articles shall,
1 from and afterthe first day of January next, be exempt from
duty: Raw silk, not more advanced in manufacture than
singles, train, or organaiiie, indigo, b-rrie*, nuts, and vege-
table? u.-ed principally in dyeing, or composing dyes, all dye-
woods in stick, Brazil wood, cochineal, gum arauic, gum
tragncanili, gum senega), kelp, kertnes, lac dye, madder,
Bladder root, garancine, shellac, sumac, weld, turmeric,
gatta pereha unmanufactured, cutcli, terra Japonica, al-
conorque, Peruvian bark, crude brimstone, grindstone*,
burr stones unwrought, clay unwrought, palm leaf unman-
ufactured, and emery stone.
Mr. DUNCAN. I should like the attention of
the House for a moment; for if gentlemen under-
stood the subject, and were really informed in re-
gard to the propositions contained in my bill, I
, think they would meet their approbation. They
certainly ought to meet the favor of the friends of
' free trade, and of those who think that we have a
. surplus revenue, and that the revenue ought to be
reduced.
I trust that gentlemen in this House do not en-
' tertain a feeling of hostility to our manufacturing
establishments. It will be recollected that they
were called into being at the instance of those,
mauy of whom have ceased to be their supporters
and friends, and it should b*remembered, at the
same time, that a vast amount of capital has been
embarked in these undertakings. A large portion
: of our population are dependent upon them for
their daily support, and there is perhaps no branch
-j of business prosecuted in the country which, as a
1 whole, has made so p&Or returns as that of man-
| ufacturing.
But I do not recommend this change for the
I benefit alone of those interested in manufacturing
ii estal^ishments, but for the benefit of the whole
people; for whatever tends to cheapen the price of
manufactured articles, tends to the benefit of the
whole people; and it is an undeniable fact, that the
competition which exists between the manufac-
turers of this country and the mnnufacturers of
foreign countries, tends to reduce the price of man-
ufactured articles. Looking, therefore, to the in-
terest of the people, it is our duty to favor their
protection, and to sustain our infant establish-
ments in such a way that they may be enabled to
prosecute their labors with success, and maintain
a successful competition with the productions of
foreign countries, and in that way cheapen man-
ufactures to the whole American consuming pop-
ulation.
I believe, sir, it is an undeniable fact, that
wherever the manufacture of an article has be-
come well established in thfs country, the article
has been improved in quality and cheapened in
price. It may be said, to be sure, that the article
would have been cheapened by the advance of im-
provement and skill in foreign countries. But I
say, without fear of contradiction, that the talent
and inventive genius evoked in this country, ap-
plied to the improvement of machinery, has acted
and reacted upon foreign countries, and in that
way the cost of production of the various articles
of manufacture has been reduced, which, without
that influence, would not have been reduced.
I have no time to go into general considerations.
The bill is plain in its provisions. It proposes to
reduce the duties on wool of a coarse quality, and
of a cheap price, from thirty per cent, to ten per
cent. Now, why should this be done? And
first, I take this opportunity to set myself right
before the House against a misrepresentation, un-
intentional, no doubt, made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] that the proposition
I made the other day was to -abolish, the duties on
wool and flax.
Sir, I made no such proposition. My policy
is to favor every interest of this country, in the
imposition of duties, and the agricultural interest
above all others. But 1 say, with the facts before
| me, 1 believe that, by reducing duties qn coarse
| and cheap foreign wools, the manufacturing estab-
lishments of this country—the worsted, the carpet,
and other coarse woolen manufactories—would be
greatly relieved, and the interests of the people at
j large promoted at the same time, without prejudice
, to the growers of wool. My proposition is to re-
duce the duty on coarse wool, costing ten cents or
less at the place whence exported, from thirty to
ten per cent. It is a description of wool which is
not, and is not likely, to be produced in this coun-
try. And the whole product of wool in the United
States is not sufficient to supply the demands of
the manufacturer. While the wool produced in
the year ending June 1, 1850, is stated to have
been 52,518,143 pounds, the quantity consumed
was 70,862,829 pounds. The manufacturer is
compelled to import about twenty millions of
pounds annually, both to supply the deficiency of
the home product, and because cheap wool is.es-
sential to themanufactureof worsteds, carpets, and
coarse woolens, in successful competition with the
manufactures of other countries. Shall our manu-
facturers be compelled to pay a duty of thirty per
cent, on this description of wool, not produced in
the United States, when foreign worsteds pay a
duty of only twenty-five per cent., and blankets a
duty of only twenty per cent., and while our
principal competitor, England, admits wool at a
merely nominal duty ? The best protection which
' the American wool-grower can have, is the exten-
sion and prosperity of woolen manufactures in this
! country.
My bill proposes to reduce the duty on flax to
eight per cent , which would be as high as the rate
of duty (twenty dollars per ton) imposed by the
tariff of 1842. And I am not aware that any com-
plaint was made that that rate of duty did not
afford sufTicient protection to the flax-grower.' Cer-
■ tain it is, that the increased rate ofduty has notpro-
I duced an increased culture of flax; for that is now
I inconsiderable. And the quality of American
flax is not good enough for the manufacture of
I thread and other articles to cojnpete successfully
with foreign manufactures of the same article.
, The manufacturer is compelled to import a por-
r tion of his flax at a price higher than that of Amer-
ican flax, and at a duty, under the present tariff,
| amounting to from thirty-five to forty-five dollars
I per ton. And the effect is to discourage attempt*
