THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
to manufacture flax in this country. Remove this
obstacle, and manufactories of hnen would spring
up, the demand for American flax and its produc-
tion would increase and become profitable, and its
quality would be improved. !
My bill proposes to admit raw silk, which now
pays a duty of fifteen per cent., free of duty. Our j
infant establishments for this manufacture are
compelled to depend on foreign countries for the , :
raw material. In the year ending 30th June, 1851,
the value of raw Bilk imported was $448,198, and
the whole quantity of silk cocoons produced in
this country in the year ending June, 1850, is
stated to be only 14,843 pounds. If it is desira-
ble to promote the manufacture of silk at home,
and diminish the debt which we are annually con-
tracting to foreign countries by the importation of
millions in value of silk goods, (and of this there
ought to be no difference of opinion,) then it is
desirable to remove this obstacle to the progress of
our silk manufactures.
My bill further proposes to add to the free list
a variety of articles not the growth or produce of
this country, which now pay a duty of from five
to twenty per cent. It includes dyes, dye-woods,
and drugs which enter into the composition of
dyes, and the composition of acids, ana which are
extensively used in the manufacturing and mechan-
ical establishments of the country. By doing this,
we should imitate the example ofEngland, which,
while burdened with debt and taxation, fosters and |
aids her manufactures as the chief source of her
prosperity and power. Pass this bill, and while it
would not reduce the revenue more than half a ■
million of dollars, it would afford the most mate-
rial aid to our depressed manufactures, and by
cheapening the cost of production, would tend to
cheapen the cost to every consumer.
One word, Mr. Chairman, upon the proposition
before us to make railroad iron free of auty, and I
have done. The effect of this measure would be '
to put a stop to the manufacture of railroad, iron in
this country, when the present contracts shall be
filled, and to leave us at the mercy of the English j
iron-master. It would be, in effect, to transfer the
amount of duty from our Treasury to his pocket.
The competition between the home and the foreign
manufacturer would be far more likely to keep
down the price. And whoever examines the fact#
with a candid mind, will be brought to the con-
viction, that had the manufacturer of iron in this
country been properly protected, it would now be ;
produced in such "quantity as, with foreign com-
petition, to have prevented any great enhancement
of the price.
Mr. EWING. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Duncan,] and to all similar amend-
ments, or to their introduction, at all events, at
the present time, believing them impracticable in
themselves, and calculated to defeat a good pur-
pose. I am, as I declared myself at the last ses-
sion, in favor of abolishing the duty on railroad
iron. 1 believe, sir, that policy can be sustained
even under the principles of protection. The ob-
ject of protection is to build up manufactories,
that manufactured articles may be in the future
made cheaper and better in this country, or that
we may be in the time of war independent. We
are looking to no such period in the future as that.
We do not expect to see railroad iron, by protec-
tion, manufactured in the future with a nicer skill.
And now is the time when we require it cheap,
and when greet Interests are suffering because it
is not cheap.
As to the skillet and haelargument, referred to
already, it only goes to show that the duty on
hoes, skillets, and axes ought to be abolished ae
well as the duty on railroad iron, if it shctws any-
thing. Like those arguments which are ever op-
posed to every reform, we are told that "nothing
should be done because everything cannot be
done." Besides, the difference is, that many im-
portant roads may not be built at all without some
such encouragement as this proposed. The ob-
ject is not to benefit monopolies. Railroads mu%t
remain monopolies confined to thoee sections
where there is abundant capital, unless we have
some such aid as this. The intention is to benefit
sparsely populated portions of the country, where,
on account of the scarcity of capital, and the
difficulties of combination, it is impossible to con-
struct roads without some such aid. The propo-
rtion is intended to benefit the agricultural com-
munity, not by giving them a bonus, but by Bimply
removing a burden.
This is the object, and not to benefit monopo-
lies. I favor it, then, as a question of reform, for
the benefit of the whole country, and especially
that portion of the country which ought, above all
others, to occupy our consideration, and because
no considerable portion of the community can
probably ever, at any future period, be benefited
by the imposition of this tax.
As for the argument of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] going to show that all ar-
ticles ought to be taxed, as this is the only tax
imposed t>y the Government, it is one against the
discrimination between luxuries and necessities, or
anything else. If he is right, then let us have di-
rect taxation, in which all are taxed alike. That
argument, af course, is not to be applied to this
subject. We discriminate, and the reason why a
tariff is acceptable at all as a mode of raising rev-
enue, is because we'can and do discriminate be-
tween luxuries and necessaries, imposing burdens
upon those persons and those articles most able to
bear them.
Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Chairman,is an amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment is not in
order, as the pending proposition is an amendment
to an amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Doncan, and it was rejected.
Mr. MEADE. I offer the proposition which I
send to the Chair as a substitute for the one sub-
, mitted by the gentleman from North Carolina as
amended.
The CHAIRMAN. There Is pending a sub-
stitute offered by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Washburn.3 Either of the propositions is now
open to amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I then offer the following as an
amendment to the substitute:
And said committee is instructed to report a bill reducing
the duties on railroad iron to tbat point which, in their opin-
ion, would insure as much revenue, and no more, as was
received from the importation of railroad iron during the
[ast fiscal year.
Mr. MEADE. I think from the votes which
have been taken,in this committer, and especially
that which adopted the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Tennes«ee, [Mr. J nes,] that
it is the purpose of this House not to reduce the
j tariff on iron, and therefore it is that I have offered
Ij this amendment. The increased price of railroad
|; iron will certainly increase the revenue from that
ji article very extensively. It is the desire of a ma-
ll jority here either to reduce the revenue,or at least
I to prevent its increase. The proposition which I
' make is, that the Committee on Ways and Means
: shall so regulate the duty on railroad iron as to
limit by reduced duties tne revenue from it to its
present amount.
The question has been frequently asked, why
not protect the manufacture of railroad iron as
, well as railroad companies? I answer, because
the one benefits the consumer by lessening prices,
| while the other increases them. The one benefits
the many, while the other benefits the few, and is
at least an approach towards more freedom of
! trade. The duty on iron increases the price of
the article to the consumer everywhere. The ex-
emption of railroad iron either partially or wholly
from duties may be regarded by some as an inci-
dental protection to railroad companies; yet it
inures to the benefit of the consuming classes by
reducing the cost of transporting everything on
the road. The present duty is highly protective
with present prices, and when the question is be-
tween protecting one class with high duties, or
another with low, I cannot hesitate, especially
t when every other class partakes of the benefit.
i1 But, Mr. Chairman, there is no inconsistency
|! in exempting an article from duty by which all
! i others, entering into the general consumption of
, the country, are incidentally reduced in price. It
is rather in pursuanceof the principles of free trade.
You only depart from those principles when you
:["select an article for exemption, in which only a
. class of the community is interested. When you
i | exempt railroad iron frtyn duty, or reduce the
j, duty on it, there is not a class in the community
■' that is not benefited to a greater or less extent;
II every man either travels on railroads, or pays a
tax to them for transportation. Now, the cheaper
ij the railroad, the less will be the charges, f con-
sider the amendment I have offered a sort of com-
promise between those who want to continue the
present protection on railroad iron, and those who
wish to exempt it altogether.
Mr. SKELTON. I am opposed to this resolu-
tion for two reasons, and for those two reasons I
am opposed to the reduction of the tariff at the
present time.
My first objection to the proposition is, that it
embraces a principle of discrimination in favor of
associated capital. I am in favor of so assessing
the duties on imports, for the purpose of raising
revenue, as to have the tax bear equally on all
classes. Equality of laws, equality of protection,
and equality of taxation, is a principle which
should govern every true patriot of the land. And
for that reason, I am opposed to any discrimina-
tion in favor of railroads. It is said that the prop-
osition, by encouraging the construction of rail-
roads, wilt cheapen fares, and thus benefit the great
mass of the people who ride over railroads. Now,
this presumption is gratuitous. The difference in
the construction of railroads, in consequence of
the small reduction of duty, would not promote
the reduction of fare; and hence, sir, this argu*-
ment is futile, and falls to the ground, whilst the
main argument presented against theproposeddis1-
crimination still has all its force.
1 am opposed to the reduction of the duties on
foreign imports at the present time, because 1 be-
lieve the revenue of the country is not greater than
is demanded for its wants. We have a national
debt, as has already been stated, and it is our duty
to discharge that debt. It will be time enough,
after it has been paid off, if we find a surplus rev-
enue still accumulating, to reduce the tariff. But
I doubt whether the time will ever arrive, under
the present tariff, when we shall have more reve-
nue than will be needed for the necessities of the
Government. Our commerce and revenue is fluc-
tuating, and because we have a surplus revenue
this year, it is no argumeut that we shall have
one next year.
There is a principle of justice involved in this
question. Our revenue laws should be permanent.
Changes should not be made from year to year,
because they operate oppressively and unjustly
' upon the laborer tad capitalist of the country,
j Our tariff laws should be as permanent as the cir-
' cumstances of commerce will warrant. If, after
inducing a man to engage his capital in manufac-
ture, by the assessment of a high duty on imports,
you strike from him the incidental protection
which the mode of raising the revenue to the
country would afford it, and thus sink his capital,
you perpetrate an outrage on him. You rob him
of the capital he has invested.
In addition to all that, I object further, because
by the tariff of 1846 you have and still continue
to congregate a large number of laboring men in
the manufacturing establishments. They, under
the fluctuating policy of the country, are feasted
to-day and to-morrow starved for want of em-
ployment. Bv the reduction of the tariff, you
fcreak down the manufacturers of the country,
and, as a consequence, hundreds of thousands of
industrious men are thrown out of the employ-
ment on which they are dependent for subsistence,
and reduced to beggary and starvation. We
should always be governed by principles of jus-
tice. We should guard not only the capital of the
country with jealous care, but we should guard
the interests of the great laboring classes of the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Meade's
amendment to the substitute, and it was decided
i in the negative.
Mr. F1CKL1N. I offer the following amend-
! ment:
1. That the Committee on Ways and Means tie instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill as soon as
compatible with their present tlaties, so modifying the tariff
act of 1846 as to equalize the burdens of Government, by  -
\ docing the duty or tax pro rata upon each article now
| taxed, as nearly as may be, to a strictly revenue standard.
I 2. That the said committee shall adhere closely to the
; ad valorem principle, and that everything in the shape of
tpecifie duties be specifically excluded from said hilt.
3. Tbat an extended free list of a class of favored articles,
producing a consequent increase of duty or taxation upon
another class of articles less favored, is unsonnd in princi-
ple, as tending to distribute the burdens of Government
unequally and unjustly, by imposing the heavier taxes npnn
those least able to bear them; and tbat said committee be
instructed to avoid in the said bill, as far as practicable,
every-thing like partial or class legislation, and tbat they
