1802.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
I (kr a* BMrible (qui rifhts to all Mcliow of the |
coettry.aad to all dum of community.
I offer this amendment in good fcith; I deair*
that the tariff of 1846 should be modified by re-
ducing the taxes which it impose# upon the im-
ports of the country. It is admitted upon all
hands that that act producw too much revenue;
if that be the fact, if it does produce too much
revenue, it is time that a chanee was made and
that excess ire burdens were taken off the con-
sumers of imports into this country. I understand
it to be admitted by all, that that provision in the
Constitution which authorizes a collection of du-
ties on imports is strictly a money power; if so, all
tariff acta framed under the provisions of that Con-
stitution should have an eve exclusively to the rais-
ing of revenue; that iathele itimateobjectofit; and
whenever you attempt to favor a particular class
of individuals, or foater a particular interest, you
certainly depart from the spirit of that provision '
m the Constitution. It was given for the purpose
of enabling the Government to be carried on—for
the purpose of furnishing the necessary supplies
to the Treasury, and not for the purpose of op-
pressing one particular class of individuals, while
you are building op, fostering, and pampering an-
other. I know it is said by a great many gentle-
men upon this floor, that this the wrong time to
agitate this question. I differ from them; I believe
that the time to agitate this question is the present
moment, because it is now determined by the ac-
tion of the tariff of 1846, that it does produce too
much revenue; that the revenue is fast accumula-
ting in our Treasury; that it has already reached
|7,000,000, and promises in a short time to reach
$20,000,000. That being the present and pro-
spective condition of your Treasury, it is import-
ant, in ray judgment, that action should be taken
on the tariff, and taken now. I should greatly
prefer that the Committee on Ways and Means,
charged with this whole question, should report a
bill; and 1 should prefer this plan to the propo-
sition suggested by the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Buooks,] of raising a select com-
mittee for that purpose. 1 desire that the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means—that committee which
is responsible for the revenues of the Government,
which is responsible for the treasures of this Gov-
ernment—devise the plan by which this question
of revenue shall be regulated and adjusted to the
wants of the country. I desire that the receipts
into our Treasury should be less by some ten or
twenty millions per annum, than they are at this
time. I desire tnat the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment should be reduced from forty-six or fifty
millions, or whatever the amount may be, to a
smaller amount, certainly not to exceed thirty
millions. I desire that there should be no large
accumulation in the Treasury for the purpose of
tempting those who have the custody of the public
money to act improperly with it.
Klere the hammer fell.]
r. HOUSTON. 1 did not intend to take part
in the five minutes debate on the resolution which
I had the honor to submit several days since. 1
had been in hopes, for the last two or three sittings
of this committee, that we would get through with
this branch of our duties, which seems to me to
be rather a preliminary branch than otherwise, so
that we could proceed to the regular business of
the session. This is a short session, and towards
the close of it the city will be full of visitors in all
probability, occupying much of ourtime and atten-
tion, and I think we should press through the ne-
cessary business before that time.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I suggest to the Chair, whether the gentleman is
in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is too late.
I am so -nearly through with, what I intended to
say as preliminary, that I will give up the balance.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I am just in season.
[Laughter.]
" "0U8
Mr. HOUSTTON. I am opposed to any inter-
ference with the tariff at this time. I believe,
with those gentlemen who have discussed this sub-
ject on my own side of the House, that at the next
Congress it will not only be important, but essen-
tially so, that a thorough and entire revision of the
tariff should be made. I have not the most re-
mote doubt upoh my mind that many of the pres- !
ent duties are too high for revenue purposes, and M
should be reduced. In some cases tne adjustment j!
of duty between the raw material and tne fidbri- i
cated article is not fair and proper, and in the re-
vision,! would look to and correct these defects. I
would construct a tariff with a view to revenue,
and upon such principles within the revenue stand-
ard as at the time 1 might consider proper and
right under the circumstances. But I have not the
fears as to a large surplus which other gentlemen
seem to entertain. I have no alarm from the pros-
Fect of a large surplus remaining in the Treasury,
regard that as more of a delusion than a reality,
and when you make the examination you will
agree with me. When you come to count the
coin, the twenty millions, of which we have heard
so much, will not be there. I do not mean to say
that there is no surplus. On the contrary, I be-
lieve there is a surplus, and a larger one than should
be kept in the Treasury idle and unproductive;
but in the regular action of this Government you
are compelled to keep at the command of the Treas-
ury some three or four millions. You cannot well
fet along with less, and under a law of the Thirty-
ret Congress, your Mints have to pay in coin, to
the depositor of bullion, the value of the bullion,
without requiring him to wait for its coinage; and
under the operation of that law, as construed and
carried out oy the Treasury Department, you are
required to keep at the Mints, for that purpose,
from two to four millions. I may be mistaken in
the amount, but such is my recollection. Then,
within the next fiscal year, you have not only to
pay near four millions of debt and interest, but
yon have a debt of about six millions and a quar-
ter which will fall due, and must be paid. Then
what becomes of your surplus? You will have no
more than you need.
But suppose we had all of this amount. Sup-
pose at tne end of this fiscal year we may have
twenty millions of dollars—ten of it will be re-
qired to pay the debt then falling due, together
with other debts assumed by, and due from the
Government, and the interest upon that which is
not then due; then the surplus necessary to be
[ kept on hand will not leave much to be used in
purchasing any portion of our other indebtedness,
j We have the authority of law to purchase our
debt at any time, and before I would have an un-
necessary surplus on hand, 1 would buy it. But
I regard it as improper for us at this session to
make any radical change in our revenue system,
i It is not usual for an outgoing Administration,
which owes its defeat in part, to the very ques-
tions growing out of the management of the fiscal
affairs of the country, to abridge the margin which
ought to be allowed to the incoming Administra-
tion. The incoming Administration should be
left free to select and submit its own mode of pay-
ing the public debt—of discharging this large lia-
bility upon the country. We are indebted over
sixty millions of dollars, and you propose now,
that we shall reduce the revenues twenty millions
of dollars, in the language of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ficklis ,] which will be in truth
below the ordinary expenditures of the Govern-
ment, allowing nothing beyond the ordinary ex-
penses. If you do this, in what condition will
General Pierce, when he comes into power—in the
beginning of his administration—find the fiscal af-
fairs of tne Government ? If yourproposition shall
succeed, he will find the Government largely in-
debted, and not only without the money to pay it,
but with no revenues beyond the actual ordinary
expenses of the Government. Suppose he should
desire to buy our bonds.* Has he the means to do
it? Suppose he shall propose to create a sinking
fund, by buying sound stocks, or in any other
way. Coula he do so? Any of these proposi-
tions would require that he should have money or
an accruing revenue beyond present wants; but
instead of that, you cripple him, you take from
him the means of paying the debt, and then expect
him to relieve the country from the burdens grow-
ing out of that indebtedness. Gentlemen need not
alarm themselves upon this subject., It is due to
the incoming Administration that they should at
least leave things in a condition to admit of a
choice of modes—of remedies to be applied. It
is due to the incoming Administration,_ even if
you do not put it upon the ground that it is neces-
sary and important, in the revision of an import-
ant and delicate question like this, which bears
upon all the interests of the country, that there
should be a sympathy between the Legislative
and Executive branches of the Government, so
that when committees of this House shall apply to
the Departments for information, they will be
met by sympathy of feeling and opinion, which
will throw into their hands the entire information
upon the precise points that need elucidation, and
not by an Esecutive differing upon the essential
features of a system of revenue. At the next
Congress we will have not only a free-trade Con-
gress, but a free-trade Executive; then is the time
to act, and not now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ftex-
nv's amendment, and it was rejected.
The question was then taken upon the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Washburn,] and it was rejected.*
The question was then taken on Mr. Clins-
majj's amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the second resolution, it was taken, and agreed
to, as follows:
" JteiolceJ, That so much of said message as relates to the
existing tariff, and recommends a revision and change of its
provisions; so much as relates to the general condition of
the Treasury and finances of the Government; to the rev-
enue and prevention of frauds in its collection; the public
debt and its payment; the estimated receipts and expendi-
ture's for the ensuing fiscal year,—be referred to the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means."
■The third resolution was then read, as follows;
"That somuch of said message and accompanying docu-
ments as relates to the condition and operation of the Army
of the United States, and recommends an increase of the
same; as relates to a revision of tbe present system of forti-
fications ; to a retired list of officers who may be unfit fbr
duty, together with the report of the Secretary of War,—
be referred to the Oommittee on Military Affairs."
Mr. HENN" moved that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and it was not agreed
to.
The question was then taken, and the third
resolution was agreed to.
The fourth resolution was then read, and adopt-
ed, as follows:
" That BQmucli of said message and accompanying doc-
uments as relates to til <' Navy of the United States, its con-
dition and operation; to the establishment of a permanent
; corps of seamen ; to the reorganization of tbe Naval Acad-
! em;; to tbe ofttabiinhmtBt of a corps of apprentices fbr the
. Navy; to a retired list, together with a report of tbe Sec-
1 retary of the Navy,—be referred to the CommitteeOa Naval
Affairs."
The fifth resolution was then read by the Clerk,
and adopted, as follows:
" That so much of said message as relates to the appoint-
j ment of a commission to revise the public statutes of the
I United States; to the establishment of a uniform fee bill;
i to die appointment of a commission to settle all private
claims against the United States; to the preservation and
protection from mutilation or then of the papers, records,
and archives of the nation; to tbe prevention of fMuds upon
the Government in applications for pensions and bounty
lands; as recommends tbat provision be made by law for
tbe punishment, not only of those who shall accept bribe*,
but also of those who shall either promise, give, or offer to
give, to any officers or clerks, a bribe or reward, relating to
any matter of their official action or duty; to the publics*
tion of the results of th e Seventh Census,—be referred to the
Committee on the J udiciary."
The sixth resolution was read, as follows:
" That so much of said message and acconmstrtying doc-
uments as relates to our intercourse with the Indian tribes,
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs."
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I desire to offer
the following amendment to that resolution:
And that said commiuee be instructed to bringin a bit]
authorizing and directing the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to certain tribes of Indians, (their consent being
thereto first had,) the several amounts of money agreed, by
treaty stipulations, to be invested in stocks, and which have
not been paid, and also the further amount stipulated to be
furnished by certain other treaties.
Mr, JOHNSON. Mr. Chairman,, this gov-
ern ment has concluded at various periods certain
treaties with different tribes of Indians, by which
it has bound itself to pay, or have invested for
their use, a certain amount of money. Some of the
treaties were concluded fourteen years since. We
have stipulated to pay for their benefit, in all,
about $4,000,000, all of which is now bearing in-
terest, and on which we have already paid interest
to the amount of. $2,000,000. And we have stip-
ulated to continue to pay this interest for an in-
definite number of years. Now, I propose—the
'■ consent of the Indians being obtained, and there
i being a large surplus in the Treasury—to dis-
charge these debts to the Indians, by paying them
some specific amount in lieu of this annual amount
of interest. 1 am for the payment of our honest
j and just debts; and while the tariff laws are not
I modified and there continues to be a surphif iii the
