126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
sanction of a committee at the last session, and I
desired action upon it, inasmuch as it was one of
great importance  o my State; but it was suggest-
ed that it ought to be referred, and I acquiesced in
the suggestion at once. I believe that has beet*
the usual practice; and unless there is some strong
reason for taking this out of the ordinary rule, I
think it would be safer to refer it than to have it
pass without the examination of a committee.
Mr. GWIN. This bill is the same as that
wh ich was reported at the last session, with but few
alterations.
Mr. CHASE. I understand that, and it is be-
cause the bill has these few alterations in it, that F
think it should be referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the motion to refer will
not prevail, and that the mction of the Senator
from California will be agreed to. Ordinarily, I
would vote for the reference of any bill to a com-
mittee, and I would vote, as I have heretofore
done, against making special orders; but this bill
brings up a subject which I regard as one of the
most important measures to come before the pres-
ent Congress—the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific.
It has been discussed in Congress, and has re-
ceived more attention throughout the community,
perhaps, than any subject, for many years past,
ft is more vital than any subject which will come
before Coneress at this session. If we are to ex-
tend the benefits of protection to our vast posses-
sions on the Pacific, the construction of an overland
communication through our own territory is ne-
cessary; if we wish to protect tbe travel across our
territory against the Indians, it is absolutely ne-
cessary; or if we wish to protect our citizei.s on
the Pacific against foreign Powers, it is absolutely
necessary. If we mean to make those posses-
sions really part and parcel of ourselves, the
means of a speedy communication are of the high-
est importance. There are various schemes for
communication between this part of the country
and California, by railroads through our territory,
and in consequence of the neglect of our own Gov-
ernment, there are already large amounts of capi-
tal invested in schemes for reaching the Pacific
coast through a foreign country. I think some
scheme is practicable, I do not know the details j
of tins bift. There has been a bill before the ]
Committee on the Post OSee atad Post Roads,
which has been long Since reported, end is now
on your calendar. There will be various other
schemes; and it makes no difference which bill
conies up for consideration, the whole subject of
a railroad from the Atlantic to the Pacific States
of the Union will come before the Senate. This
is the short session; and by making this particular
bill the special order of the day, attention will be
drawn to it, and the whole subject will come up
when it is considered. If, during the discussion,
it should be thought best to refer the bill to a
standing committee, or if a special committee
should be raised to consider it, all the bills could
be referred together. I think it should be made the
order of the day at an early period. The truth
is, the earliest possible time at which we can get
at the discussion of this subject, the better.
JM r. MANGUM. I concur very generally with
•H the points laid down by the honorable Senator
from Texas. A reference of a bill is most neces-
sary when details have to be looked into and re-
ported upon by a committee; but upon a great
project like this, eminently national, attracting the
attention of ~ every portion of die United States,
these little details are matters of no great import-
ance. In the first placs, the Senate is the only
body that can determine the details of this great
project. The committee, in the absence of knowl-
edge of the disposition of this body, might report
many things in reference to subordinate details,
but all those things, upon a discussion of the ques-
tion, will come up from every quarter, and every
interest. A full Sfnate will have the whole sub-
ject before them; and a full Senate is most com-
petent to determine this great question. I regard
it as one of the most eminently national questions
which can be discussed,and I suppose every por-
tion of the Confederacy will come to the discussion
with an anxious desire of agreeing in that which
is best calculated to promote the object. I there-
fore concur in the opinion expressed by both the
Senators, that there is no necessity for reference
to a committee. Let us make it aspecial order
for a particular day, and it will attract public atten-
tion from every quarter, and will draw before this
body all competing interests, and the body will
have the ability to act with a full development of
all the views of the different sections of this coun-
try on this great question.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 agree with the honorable
Senator from Texas, that this is a very important
measure; but I woulii inquire for what purpose the
Committee on Roads and Canals is organized, if
not to take cognizance of just such questions as
this ? We have already had referred to that com-
mittee various propositions. There are various
opinions as to the point from which this g'reat work
shall start, and various opinions as to the point at
which it should terminate. These questions the
committee have had before them, and ought to have
them again before them, that their action may not
come in conflict with that of the Senate, when they
are called upon to act. 1 am friendly to the object
of the honorable Senator from California. I desire
to favor some great work of this kind, and I think
that if his object is to have early action upon the
subject, the better plan will be to have the bill re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and
reported upon, for the purpose of giving us an op-
portunity to compare it with other measures of a
similar character which we have before us.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Roads and
Canals have had this subject before them, and
have reported upon it. The Senator from Indiana
himself has made an elaborate report upon this
very subject. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have had the same subject before
them, and reported upon it; and the Committee
on Territories have also had it under considera-
tion, and reported. What is the necessity of
sending it to a committee again? Three import-
ant committees in this body have already, during
the last few years, had the subject before them,
and in one instance made an elaborate report.
There never was any subject more thoroughly ex-
amined before committees than this subject, a
great national road, connecting the waters of the
Atlantic with those of the Pacific. Sir, I want the
subject acted upon now. The time has come for
action, and I ask that this bill maybe made the
special order, for the reason that by making it the
special order, it will come up and be acted upon.
If it be sent to a committee, and be reported upon,
it will go upon the calendar and there will be six
hundred bills ahead of it. 1 should look upon the
Senate deciding to send it to a committee, as
equivalent to putting it off, so that it shall not be
acted upon during this session. There is no hope
for its consideration unless we make it the special
order. 1 am opposed, except in cases of emergen-
cy,—and I consider this to be one,—to making
special orders; but I am confident that if this bill
be not made a special order, it will not be acted
upon during the session. I repeat, there is no ques-
tion that may be brought before this Congress
which is so important, and especially to my con-
stituents; and I should be looked upon, and I should
look upon myself as recreant in my duty to my
constituents, if I did not urge this question before
the Senate for action at the earliest practicable
period. I mention the 10th of January, because
the space in the mean time will enable Senators to
inform themselves upon the subject.
As to reports of committees, we have had enough
of them. Three different committees have ex-
amined the question. 1 have prepared with great
care the bill which I have presented, having be-
fore me all the other plans. I do not care if it
all be stricken out after the enacting clause. I
want it as th* basis of action, and Ibringitup
for that express reason. The subject was ex-
amined with great attention by the chairman of
the Committee on the Territories, at the last ses-
sion, and the bill which 1 have presented to-day
is hu bill with a few alterations. I brought it up
in order to make it the special order, that we
might have action upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. The importance of a railroad
to the Pacific we all admit. 1 do not propose to dis-
cuss that, but it is the manner in whicn it is pro-
posed to take up this bill to which I object. Vari-
ous committees have examined the subject, and
there are bills which have been reported from them
now on the calendar of the Senate, so important
is the subject considered. If the proposition
should be made to take up any one of those bills
and make it a special order, it shall have my ap-
probation and vote; but for a Senator to introduce
a bill here upoh his own responsibility, nnd thus
to sweep out of existence the action of all the
committees, and make his bill the basis of the ac-
tion of the Senate, is discourteous to the commit-
tees, and is a course which I will not justify by
my vote. I concur with the object of the bill, but
it is to the manner in which it is proposed to ap-
proach it, that I object, and it is one which I think
should not meet the approbation of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I would suggest, and 1 am sure
the Senator from California will agree to it, that
all the bills on the subject be made the special or-
der for the day mentioned by him.
Mr. GWIN. I will agreftto that.
Mr. STOCKTON. It gives me no pleasure-io
differ from my friend from California on any sub-
ject, especially when he speaks in regard to the in-
terest of his constituents—no, sir, 1 will not yield
even to him, in my desire to serve the people of
California. ButI am opposed to this whole scheme
tff a great national ro«d, I go against it from the
beginning to the end, from first to last; therefore'
it cannot be expected that I will yield any of the
common and usual forms of legislation to facilitate
its progress. I have no idea that such a bill as
the one contemplated can pass the Congress of the
United States at the present day. Sir, those who are
endeavoring to extend the powers of this Govern-
ment with the expectation and hope of making a
splendid and magnificent empire of ours, may
well approve of this scheme; but I think the day
has not yet arrived, when the Congress of the
United States will lend itself to each a project, or
proceed to make a railroad from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. I rise, not for discussion, but for th&
purpose of saying that I am for a simple and fru-
gal Government, and against the proposed bill,
and intend from the very start to oppose it. I
hope it will go to a committee instead of being
made the special order for the 10th of January.
Mr. CHASE. I made the motion to refer this
bill to a committee for no other reason than a sim-
ple desire that the legislation in this case should
take its ordinary course. I did not wish to indi-
cate any opinion which I have or may form upon
the general subject of the bill. The honorable
Senator from California stated to the Senate that
it was a bill which had been reported, with altera-
tions introduced, I understand, by himself. It is,
therefore, a new bill, and it seems to me eminently
proper that it should take the ordinary couroe,and
be referred to the committee which has charge of
that general subject. If the motion to make that
bill a special order be not pressed, I do not know
that there would be any objection to taking up one
upon the subject already upon the calendar, and
making it the special order for a future day, pro-
vided the Senate thinks proper to give to this sub-
ject precedence over the other subjects on the cal-
endar. But, sir, I must say, for one, that I should
not be willing to concur in giving it that prece-
dence. There is a large number of bills upon the
calendar relating to the disposition of the public
lands. There is the bill known as the homestead
bill. There is the bill known as Bennett's bill,
proposing, substantially, a distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands among the States. Both
are of great importance, and, it seems to me, of
greater importance, and more pressing urgency,
than this particular measure. I should prefer to
take up one of those. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Dodge] gave notice yesterday that he should
move at an early day to take up the homestead
bill. But suppose this railroad bill should now be
made aspecial order, what would be the result?
Do we not remember what took place last session
on the Iowa land bill—week after week of discus-
sion upon the special order, and no action upon it
until quite a late day in the session? And so I
think it will be now, if we take up this bill and
give it precedence over these other great public
measures in which all the States, and, indeed, all
the inhabitants of all the States, are interested. 1
fear the practical result will be the indefinite post-
ponement of all these bills.
Mr. UPHAM. I understand that this is a new
bill, introduced by the Senator from California for
the purpose of constructing a railroad from the
Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. It has not been re-
ferred to any committee. There are now before
the Senate, upon the calendar, two or three bills,
which have been duly considered by the commit-
tees, prepared with great care and attention, and
