1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
reported at the last session of Congress, which have [
not yet been taken up. Now, sir, is it just and j
fair to persons interested in those bills—is it just
and fair, or courteous, to the committees who have
had the subject under consideration at the last
session, and made reports favorable to particular
projects, to take a new bill, introduced by an indi-
vidual Senator, and make that the order of the
day, without referring it for investigation to a
committee? In my humble apprehension, it is
neither just nor proper.
I am decidedly in favor of a railroad from the
Atlantic to the Pacific; but I am not absolutely
certain as to what is the best policy in order to
accomplish that object. I do not know as yet
where will be the proper point to commence; but
I wish to commence at the best place. I am per-
fectly satisfied that unless we speedily open some
cheap, easy, and quick communication between
the Atlantic side of this country and our posses-
sions on the other side of the Rocky Mountains,
we shall not hold them long. If we desire to hold
on to them, let us examine the subject; let a com-
mittee investigate it; let them examine all the plans,
and present them to the Senate, and let the Senate
select the best bill. I cannot, for one, consent that
this bill shall be made the order of the day, before
it has been serit.to a committee, examined by that
committee, and reported upon.
Mr. WELLER. The only effectof themotion
made by my colleague is simply to assign a par-
ticular day for the disposition of this important
question; and therefore it occurs to me that the
only question presented to the Senate is, whether
the construction of a great national road, connect-
ing the waters of the Atlantic with the Pacific, is
of sufficient importance to justify the Senate in
assigning it a particular day for its consideration.
This subject, as has been said, has been already
examined by various committees, and is now pre-
sented to the consideration of the Senate, upon the
reports of those committees, by my colleague, who
has taken one of the bills reported by a standing
committee, made some alterations in it, and now
proposes to make it the basis of our action on the
10th of January. If it would obviate the difficul-
ties suggested on the other side, I have no doubt
my colleague would yield to the motion to make
some one of these bills the special order for the
10th of January, and he will be able to accomplish
his object by moving his bill as a substitute when
the bill made the special order shall come up for
consideration. In the mean time the bills may be
printed to enable every Senator to examine them
for himself. But this is not such a question as is
necessarily referred to a committee. It is of such
national importance that each Senator will desire
to examine critically the several bills that relate to
it for himself. We know there are many plans
for the construction of this railroad. We know
that many intelligent minds, in various sections of
the Union, have taken different views as to the
most practicable mode of constructing this rail-
road. It is, therefore, a question which every Sen- i
ator here will have to examine in detail for him- I
self. I care but little—and I mean no disrespect
to any one—as to what the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Territories, or Roads and Canals,or the
Post Office and Post Roads, may be of the practi-
cability of this road. It is a question which I, as
a Senator, must determine for myself, and that
can only be done by a critical examination of the
bills themselves. Why, then, I ask, refer this
bill to a committee? Does any Senator believe
that the reference will facilitate the construction of
this road? If gentlemen are anxious, astbey say
they are, for the construction of this great national
road, I present this question, then, to their minds, j
whether they are to facilitate their object by re- j
ferring again the whole subject to a committee to |
undergo a tedious examination there?
There is not a Senator here who will vote for
any bill involving such a vast amount of treasure
as this necessarily must, without examining for
himself its details; therefore let each Senator who
is called upon to decide this question examine it
for himself. The only object of my colleague is
to secure early action upon this subject, and in
order to effect that he proposes to assign a par- !
ticular day, when each Senatorhere from the dif-
ferent sections of the Union may sit down and |
examine it with a view to determine whether it be
a practicable one to carry out the object. Where-
fore, then, I ask Senators who have made the mo- j
tion to refer, should it be done? What good can
result from that course? I care not what plan
may be taken up. I am wedded to none of these
schemes. I will go for any bill which is a feasi-
ble one, and which will accomplish the object in
the shortest possible time. It is an important one
in every view of the case. It is important not
only to that section of the country from which I
come, but it is also important to every section of
the Confederacy. It is important in a political, as
well as in a commercial and military point of view.
It will strengthen the Union by uniting more
closely the various parts together. It will there-
fore address itself to the judgment of every Sen-
ator. It is one which each of us will desire to
examine in detail before we record our votes upon
it. We ask for calm reflection and prompt action.
I therefore ask that the Senate will simply agree
that upon the 10th of January this whole subject,
not merely this particular bill, for I care nothing
about that, but the whole subject of the construc-
tion of a great national railroad, shall occupy the
attention of the American Senate; and in the mean
time, all of those various plans which have been
submitted, here and elsewhere, can be freely exam-
ined by members and each one will be enabled to
vote tinderstandingly.
Mr. BUTLER. I regard the rules of the Senate
as instituted for the purpose of guarding ourselves
against arbitrary decisions of the Senate, and I
agree with the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton,] that I shall oppose any proceeding
which disregards the security of those forms. I
have suffered under such a practice. I have seen
measures taken up here because they were strong
—because they addressed themselves to the popu-
lar feelings of the country; and I have seen such
measures supersede all others. What may be my
opinion upon the merits of this bill 1 know not,
for I have had no opportunity to examine it; but
for the very reason that it is an important meas-
ure, involving, as I understand, very great inter-
ests, I wish to make the subject one of deliberation,
and not to approach it with precipitancy, and in
violation of the rules of the Senate. I shall go for
the reference.
Mr. GWIN. I want to get clear of the techni-
cal objections which have been brought forward.
My colleague has stated the question precisely as
1 wish to present it: that is, I want the subject
brought up, and in order to get clear of the diffi-
culty, inline minds of some Senators, I move to
take up Senate bill No. 396, " for the protection of
the emigrant route and a telegraphic line, and for an
overland mail between the Missouri river and the
settlements in California and Oregon," so as to
make it a special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norms
in the chair.) This bill must first be disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. Then I move that this bill be
laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 396, as it was reported from the Commit-
tee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed , as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I move to postpone its further
consideration, and make it the special order for
Monday, the 10th of January.
Mr. RUSK. There is another bill upon the
same subject which I would like also to have taken
up.
Mr. GWIN. I should be willing to do so, but
we cannot take up two bills at once.
Mr. RUSK. The bill referred to by the Sena-
tor from California is a bill to establish a line of
telegraph and a line of military posts across the
country to the Pacific. Various amendments
were offered to it. I offered one myself. There
are complicated questions connected with that bill.
Then another bill was reported by the Committee
on Territories as a substitute for the original bill
and the amendment. So I think that we are com-
plicating the subject by this mode of getting at it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is correct. All the
questions were recommitted to the Committee on
Territories, and they reported another bill, which
is the one that has just been taken up on my mo-
tion. It is the same bill, with some alterations,
which I introduced this morning. It is not of the
least importance which bill shall be made the
special order. The great object is to get some
bill made the special order, so that upon that the
whole subject will come up for consideration.
Mr. RUSK. Then I hope the Senate will agree
to the motion, and that the bill for the construc-
tion of a railroad, reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, will also be taken
up.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest that a prac-
tical difficulty may arise by making two bills spe-
cial orders for the same time. We shall not know
upon which to put the question.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 agree with the Senator
from Virginia, that a practical difficulty might take
place in making several bills special orders for
a particular day, but I think that I can make a sug-
gestion that will, perhaps, obviate the difficulty.
The object seems to be to bring all these matters
before the Senate, in order that Senators may ex-
amine the whole subject for themselves, and be
able to pass upon any one project that may be
presented for their consideration on the 10th of
January. I think the proper way to accomplish
that will be to order the printing of the various
bills which hare been reported by the committees,
so that Senators can take them all and examine
them separately and connectedly.
Mr. GWIN. They have already been printed.
Mr. BORLAND. Then, when one bill shall
be taken up, the others may be offered as substi-
tutes or amendments.
Mr. MANGUM. It seems to me perfectly
clear that the object will be attained most effectu-
ally by making one of these bills the special
order for a particular day. All of them have been
printed, and gentlemen can bring them up in the
form of amendments. I hope the Senator from
California will adhere to his motion without ac-
cepting any amendment, for when one bill comes
up, the whole subject can be considered.
Mr. GWIN. That is my idea.
The motion to make Senate bill No. 396 the
special order for the 10th of January, was agreed
to.
i EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
t The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
1 Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
j stating, in answer to a resolution of'the Senate,
1 the reasons for not complying with the resolution
of the 19th of March, 1852, requiring certain in-
formation in relation to the Commission appointed
to run and mark the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Solicitor of the Treasury
of an examination, made in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, of the claim of Joseph
Nock, for damages on account of an alleged viola-
tion of a contract with the Post Office Department
for supplying mail locks; which was ordered to be
printed.
REMEDIES TO PATENTEES.
Mr. MILLER. I beg leave to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to take up Senate bill " giving
further remedies to patentees," which was under
consideration at the last session. It stands almost
at the head of the calendar.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norms in
the chair.) The pending amendment, when the
bill was last under consideration, was to strike out
the word "use," in the first section, and the same
word in the second section.
Mr. HALE. I hope the bill will not be pushed
to its passage at this moment. I am in favor of
a great many of its objects, but the Senate wit!
recollect very well that it was the occasion of a
great deal of discussion at the last session, and
that there was a great diversity of opinion ex-
pressed in regard to its various provisions; and
that distinctions were made between having arti-
cles for use and for sale, which some gentlemen
insisted upon with a great deal of force, and which
really are not familiar to my mind at this moment.
I wish the Senate would consent to let the bill lie
j over until to-morrow.
! Mr. MILLER. When the Senate had the bill
; under consideration at the last session, the ques-
tion pending was upon the motion made by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to strike
out the word "use," which had been previously
! inserted by an amendment; I consented that it
