1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
calculated to give public authority and sanction,
' than the introduction ofsuchabillasthis. I should
be extremely sorry to be obliged to think myself
associated with any member of this body, so
utterly lost to what >s required to maintain an or-
dinary standing in society, and to what is due in
the ordinary transactions of business, as to sup-
pose it necessary to interpose & provision that he
should make an affidavit before the Secretary of
the Treasury that he had not willfully absented
himself from the public service, and was not en-
deavoring to filch from the Treasury. I, for one,
■ay, though notunduly sensitive on thesubjest, that
if such were the law, I would pass the rest of my
senatorial term without receiving one cent from
the public Treasury. I would not degrade myself
by making such an affidavit, for the pay and emol-
uments of any session of Congress; but I would
live upon my own means or starve, as the case
might be, before I would receive pay coupled with
any such conditions.
Mr. President, do not let us, in our anxiety
upon this subject, do anything which will put
our sanction on imputations which have been so
often cast upon us; imputations which every
member of this body knows to be either wholly
false or unreasonably exaggerated; imputations,
the supposed truth of which is better calculated,
in my judgment, to strike down the reasonable
hopes of the patriot for the continuance of our ad-
mirable frame of Government than all the agita-
tions which have ever disturbed us; for if the
people of the United States cannot rely upon the
ordinary integrity of the bodies that they choose
to represent them, if they are not proof against
the smallest temptations that can appeal to the
lowest, meanest propensities of mankind, how can
the people be willing ever to repflse the protection
of their great interests in such men? Mr. Presi-
dent, I have no idea that anything can be done on
this subject satisfactorily ; that is, which will make
a liberal and honorable provision for members of
the two Houses, and at the same time guard us
against the consequences to which I have advert-
ed, in the public estimation. We must struggle
on, in my opinion, as we best may; we must con-
sent to give our services and to trust to another
and a better reward than is to be found in our pe-
cuniary compensation. Believing this, believing
that->it is unwise to touch the subject; believing
that, however imperfect the present arrangements
may be, we had better ad here to them as they are,
in order to test the sense of the Senate, and see
whether they are disposed to enter into any re-
arrangement of the subject at the present session,
I submit the motion that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed indefinitely.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I rise to
make a few remarks in reply. My friend from
North Carolina intimates in his argument that if
this third section of the bill, which it is now pro-
posed to strike out, should be retained, it will be
degrading to members of Congress to comply with
it. I have endeavored, during the past period of
my term, to treat my brother merribers with great
respect; and now when I am about to part with
them, as I believe forever, it would be very far.
from me to intend, by any bill which 1 could in-
troduce, to show any disrespect to those with
whom I have been personally associated in this
Chamber, or to those who may hereafter be se-
lected to represent the States in this august body;
and if I could believe that there was anything in
that third section which could receive such an in-
terpretation, or such a construction, justly and
properly, my own heart would prompt me to be
among the first to move for its erasure. But I
apprehend that the remarks which have fallen
from my friend from North Carolina are based
upon an improper foundation. Sir, sometimes,
when we become exalted by public favor, and
have been advanced to high, dignified, and import-
ant offices, we begin to feel as if we were elevated
above the common impulses of humanity, and
that it would be degrading to us to be treated as
we treat the common level of mankind. I repu-
diate everything like that distinction between an
official corps and the rank and file of society. I
have no idea, because we are clothed with a little
"brief authority," that our honor shall suffice
when oaths might be, and probably would be re-
quired from the mass of our fellow-citizens in sim-
ilar circumstances. I may take my impressions
from the practice in my own State, where we re-
131
J quire every one to swear that his account or claim
i is just. I may have had the practice of Kentucky
too much in my mind, and have been guided by
that practice too much when I was penning this
bill. It is no new thing there to require a man to
verify by affidavit any act in which he is person-
ally interested, and especially a matter falling
almost exclusively within his own knowledge ana
about which others may be unable to make a
statement on oath without committing falsehood
or perjury. It is an everyday practice, and be-
cause it is an everyday practice, I thought it was
! not degrading to require members of Congress to
i do the same thine to which I had been accus-
tomed. I had no Idea that the gentleman would
consider himself degraded by submitting to the
common practice of a State where, I think, justice
is pretty well administered, and where we put the
official corps precisely on the same footing as the
unofficial masses. There is nothing in human
nature, or the genius of our Government, which
can allow a distinction in favor of members of
Congress, or which should exempt them from the
customary appeal to God by solemn oath. The
gentleman's objections have no solid foundation
to rest upon; and for myself I much prefer the
old-fashioned way, so long used in courts of jus-
tice, of endeavoring to reach the truth, and the
whole truth, through the solemnity of an oath, than
to rely on an appeal to official dignity and worldly
honor. No, sir, if members make excuses for
absenting themselves, if they neglect their duties,
they have no right to complain that an oath is re-
quired to verify the excuse, or to fix the number
of days during which they were absent without
a good cause, and which in most instances would
only be known to themselves.
The gentleman represents a member of Con-
gress in the degrading aspect of visiting an Ex-
ecutive officer and praying him to dole out his
compensation, as if the Executive officer had any
control over the compensation. No, sir, that is
not the meaning of the bill, nor will it have that
effect. The Executive officer has no discretion
at all in the case. On the contrary, by the section
proposed to be stricken out, the member makes
his own statement, verified by his oath, and with-
out any revision, without any correction, without
any revising judgment or discretion, the Execu-
tive officer has to pay the money according to the
account. The member of Congress makes his
own deduction for absent days, and the Execu-
tive officer has nothing to do with it; he has no
right to question the member about anything.
His account, made out by himself, verified as the
law requires, is the complete voucher upon which
the money is to be paid. How can a member of
Congress be degraded by simply presenting to an
Executive officer an account made out by himself
and verified according to law—an account which
the Executive officer is bound to regard as pos-
sessing absolute verity? I have said that I have
followed the institutions of my own State. They j
work well among us. It is no uncommon thing
: there that the compensation of the judges is docked,
that a certain amount is deducted from their com-
; pensation for absenteeism. I think a Kentucky judge
I possesses as much dignity, and is influenced by
i an internal sense of right and wrong, just as high
j and just as powerful and operative upon him in the :
• discharge of his duties, as any member of this
! body, or the other branch of Congress. We do
not degrade a Kentucky judge by docking his
compensation for failing to attend his courts; it is
not so considered there, nor should it be so con-
sidered here. Sir, if it has that effect, the gentle-
man [Mr. Badger] has only done me justice by
saying that he knows I did not intend it. I did
not so intend, nor do I believe it can have that ef-
fect. Sir, the degradation, if there be any, results
from the member's negligence, without excuse; |
and for that his constituents should degrade him.
It is not the oath, nor the deduction from his pay,
which constitutes the degradation. These may
be evidences of admitted default, I admit; but the
offense which alone degrades has preceded them.
Sir, if the Senate will retain the section, it will
influence members to avoid the degradation by at-
tending to their business. 1 hope the Senator
from North Carolina does not think it perfectly
legitimate and delightful for a member of Congress
to play the truant, if he can do so without being
found out. _ |
I have nothing to' do with the past. I do not i
propose to go into the consideration of that. I
have endeavored, in framing this bill, to occupy
ground which would enable us to avoid the diffi-
culties which have occurred in the past. I have
nothing to do with the controversy which occurred
between Mr. Whittlesey and the Senate. That is
a past transaction; and I do not want to see any-
thing of the kind in the future; and one object I
; had in view in framing this bill, has been to avoid
everything of that kind, and to leave no ground or
foundation upon which any difficulty can arise be-
tween the Legislative and Executive Departments
of the Government, upon the subject of our com-
pensation. Under this bill none can arise. Under
this bill, the Senator has nothing to ask but the
simple administration of the law by the Executive
officer, and that is done upon the Senator making
out his own account of absent days, and which
carypot be disputed when verified by his oath.
But, Mr. President, in preparing this bill, I
wanted to reach, if I could, exact justice, consult-
ing at the same time the interests of the country.
In framing this bill, I could not overlook the con-
sideration, thai we sometimes adjourn for the want
of a quorum. We often call the yeas and nays
with but few more than a bare quorum present—
thirty-two or thirty-three only being present for
the transaction of public business, out of a body
now composed of sixty-two members.
| I have heard these things greatly complained of.
1 said to myself, in making this radical change in
the compensation of members, shall there be no
f>rovision which shall have some influence, or at
east a tendency to an influence, to induce mem-
bers of Congress to devote their time more com-
pletely to the public business ? The fact that we
often adjourn because we have no quorum, and
1 the fact that upon taking the yeas and nays, which
are published to the country, very few more than
half the members respond to the call, are notori-
ous. 1 asked myself if it was not possible to put
some influences at work which would correct what
I conceive to be an evil. I did not see but one
way to, put these influences to work. I could not
I see but one way of preventing the evil. If the high
and important trust confidea to us, and the honor
and satisfaction to be acquired by a faithful dis-
charge of our duties, by being always at our post,
I have not been sufficient to secure quorums and a
| punctual attendance, I did not know how I could
present any motive growing out of the great du-
ties which devolve upon us, stronger than have
been presented from the very foundation. I then
said that if no stronger motive could be presented,
and brought to bear upon the evil than those which
had previously operated, then the evil must re-
main without a remedy. In my simplicity, I
thought if the honor of constituents and self-ap-
probation had failed to secure diligence and atten-
tion, there was no chance but to try what virtue
there might be in money. I thought the last rem-
edy for the evil consisted in docking or cutting off
ten dollars for each day the member was absent
without a good excuse. And as he must know
the causes of his absence better than any one else, I
drew the section under consideration requiring him
to make out the account of his own default, by
which he was to have his compensation docked.
I thought in all probability, rather than make out
an account admitting his absence without good
cause, he would be attentive to the duties of his
station, and we should have a general attendance
to do the public business. You see the evil I
wished to remedy, and you have my remedy in
the third section of the bill. Let us try it. The
other motives have failed, and having failed, I
knew no other plan likely to succeed, but that
which I have devised.
I know that men here, as in every other posi-
tion in life, might have excuses for absence from
business. I know that there might be legitimate
excuses; but 1 could allow none except sickness.
I have provided for that. My friend from North
Carolina says 1 did not go far enough; that we
are not too old to have fathers and mothers still
living, and who might require our attendance in
cases of sickness. Well, that gentleman is such
a youth that his father may be living; but mine
paid the debt of nature many years ago. Perhaps
if I had a father or mother living, I might have
thought of the necessity for a provision respecting
their sickness also. If my young friends, who owe
filial obligations to living parents, think that the
principle is right, but that the provision does not
