1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
hours in our duties upon those committees, in exam-
ining the subjects referred to us, and maturing the
bills which we are to report, than we do in the con-
sideration that we are to give them on this floor.
I apprehend there are few members who do not
occupy more hours after dark, during the night, in
the consideration of these subjects, and in the prep-
aration of themselves togiv^mtelligent votes upon
them on this floor, than they do in the attention that
thev give to them here. For myself, I can say,
ani from my observation in my intercourse with
other Senators, I am of opiniorr, that few are able
to retire to their beds before two o'clock at night.
I never do, for if I did, I should be unable to keep
up even tolerably with the business which my
public duties require of me here, and my constitu-
ents, through their correspondence, ana owing to
their wants from the Departments, require of me in
other duties.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
||A those laws which affect the interests of the
ccfihmunity at large must necessarily take prece-
dence of private claims, and I would suggest a
remedy for the evil of which he complains—and
undoubtedly it is an evil. There are a vast mass
of claims which ought not to be laid before Con-
gress, which, indeed, prevent justice being done
to many claimants who are entitled to have their
claims allowed by Government. My remedy is,
that a tribunal different from that which now
Eisses upon those claims.be constituted by the
egislature, so that justice against the United
States may be done as against an individual upon
a proper examination of facts, and with no more
delay than occurs in individual cases of a differ-
ence of opinion. For my own part, it was my
intention to have introduced at this session a bill
•with that view. Whether, if introduced, it would
have passed, it is not for me to answer; but cer-
tainly, though at this session there are many topics
of general interest to consider which will proba-
bly prevent its passage through both Houses, I
•hall feel it to be my duty to submit such a bill at
the ensuing Congress, if I should live to be here
as a member of this body.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am not a re-
markably industrious man myself, apd I will not
therefore make any allusion to any particular em-
ployment of my own in or out of this Chamber, but
will content myselfwith taking the benefit, with the
rest of the Senate, of the general statements which
have been made. I wish only now to say to my
friend from Mississippi,in whosegenerousanxiety
for the hungry and starving claimants on this Gov-
ernment 1 fully and entirely concur, that if, when
private bill day comes, no man will talk more upon
private bills which have been prepared by the
committee,and if every man will vote as regularly
for them as I df, a vast deal more will be accom-
plished in the course of one hour to prevent starv-
ing and hungry claimants from future suffering,
than by meeting on every Friday between now
and the twentieth century. That is my plan of
showing the solicitude which I have of providing
proper means to stay the hunger of these persons
who are pressing their claims upon us. My mo-
tive for making the motion to adjourn over is a rev-
erential "espect for the established usages of the
body to which I belong. Before the Christmas
holidays the Senate has never met on Fridays, and
I hope never will.
The motion was agreed to.
TRIPARTITE CUBAN CONVENTION.
Mr. MASON offered the following resolution;
which was read :
Resolved, That the President of the United States com-
municate to the Senate, if in his opinion not incompatible
with the public interest, copies of the " official notes re-
ceived from the Ministers of France and England, inviting
the Government of the United States to become a party
with Great Britain and France to a tripartite convention,
in virtue of which the three Powers should severally and
collectively disclaim now and for the future, all intention
to obtain possession of the Island of Cuba, and should bind
themselves to discountenance all attempts to that effect on
the part of every power or individual whateverand of
the reply thereto on the part of this Government, referred to
in his annual message to the two Houses of Congress, on
the 6th instant.
MrrMASON. Mr. President, the subject in
regard to which this resolution calls for inform-
ation is brought to our notice in the annual mes-
sage of the President to both Houses of Congress
at the commencement of this session. The Presi-
dent brings to our notice the invitation which was
J received from the Ministers of England and France
[ in reference to the Island of Cuba. The language
of the message in regard to that is quoted in the
resolution just read; but I will read the sentence
which follows:
" This invitation has been respectfully declined, for rea-
sons which it would occupy too much space iu this com-
munication to state in detail, but which led me to think
that the proposed measure would be of doubtful constitu-
tionality, impolitic, and unavailing."
So much of the message is purely narrative—
giving to Congress information as to the fact.
The residue of the paragraph, however, expresses
the judgment of the President upon the subject-
matter, and I will read it:
" I have, however, in common with several of my pre-
decessors, directed the Ministers of France and England to
be assured that the United States entertain no designs
against Cuba, but that, on the contrary, I should regard its
incorporation into the Union at the present time as fraught
with serious peril."
Mr. President, if any further evidence were ne-
cessary to satisfy this country that the eyes of the
two great maritime and commercial Powers of Eu-
rope have been directed, with increasing interest,
to the relations borne by the continent of North
America to the Island of Cuba, it would be fur-
nished by the fact disclosed in the message, to
which this resolution refers. The position which
the Island of Cuba geographically holds to this
continent is such, that almost ever since we became
a nation, it has been looked upon with the deepest
t interest by all our statesmen. The island of Cuba
lies in the gateway of the Gulf of Mexico; and all
our statesmen, of every political complexion, from
the foundation of the Government to this day,
were admonished thereby that the vigilance of this
country must never be relaxed in regard to the
political relations of that Island.
But there is somethingmore, I apprehend, which
has led these two great European Powers to make
to this country a proposition, which they should
have known when they made it, would be declined.
They should have known that, sir; because the
whole history of the political action of this country
| would forbid the acceptance of such an invitation;
t but they have made it, and we are informed by
j the President that it has been declined.
Sir, the reasons for making it under the circum-
stances suggested, require no seer's gift to compre-
hend. It has been the established policy of this
country, made known in the most open, frank,
and undisguised manner, to all the Powers of Eu-
j rope, that while the Island of Cuba remained a
■ province, a dependency of Spain, we should never
interfere with it; but that if ever any ambitious or
grasping potentate should attempt, either by rapine
or by treaty, to take the Island of Cuba from the
possession of Spain, it would become this coun-
try, cost what it might, to interpose and to prevent
it. Every country in Europe knows that. What,
then, has led to this invitation, jointly extended
by the two great, powerful, maritime nations of
Europe at this time ? Mr. President, I can trace it
i to but one cause—a belief on the part of those Gov-
ernments that there is a tendency in the popular
mind in this country to take Cuba, and the invita-
tion was intended as an intimation that France and
England were in alliance to prevent it.
i Now, sir, I am here free to declare, representing
as I do a section of the country as deeply interested
in the future relations of Cuba to this continent as
anyother; in my place as aSenator from theSouth,
and upon my responsibility as a statesman of
America, that I am content Cuba shall remain in
the possession of Spain, unless it can be acquired
from her by voluntary cession on her part, or un-
less the people of Cuba, by their own act, shall
sever all political connection with their European
mother, and voluntarily propose annexation,
i Sir, the honor, the dignity, the good name of
America, for all time to come, demands at the
hands of the American people, not only that they
should not sympathize with or encourage, but
that they should indignantly frown upon and sup-
press any attempts, by violence in any form, to
wrest from Spain any part of her possessions—
whether they be stimulated by political ambition
or by a spirit of speculative marauding on the part
of those who engage in it.
The policy of tnis country, as I have said, has
been announced to all Europe. Spain is a weak
Power, and it is fortunate for us and for our peace-
ful relations with the continent of Europe she is
so. Cuba is her property, as fully, exclusively,
and entirely her property as Oregon or New Mex-
ico is ours, and any attempt, whether made by
individuals in violation of the laws of their country,
or made by the Government in its politic capa-
city, to dismember Cuba from Spain, would tar-
nish, forever tarnish our national fame.
Sir, I know of no safer guarantee for our own
rights, our national rights, and the rights of the
States in their sovereign capacity, than a uniform
and scrupulous regard to the rights of others.
But, Mr. President, the invitation thus given by
those two Powers, acting jointly, proposing on
their part a tripartite convention of the three Gov-
ernments to disclaim now and forever hereafter
any purpose of acquiring Cuba by any means,
imports a more enlarged meaning than its language
would convey.
1 should read its meaning thus: France and Eng-
land believe that the possession of Cuba by the
United States would be fraught with consequen-
ces injurious to them, and therefore they give us
tounderstand, by this form of communication, that
they are in league to prevent it. Now, sir, treat-
ing it thus, I have this to say—we have already
indicated our policy to let Cuba alone, and sacredly
to regard the rights of Spain. We know that in
the fullness of time the fruit will ripen, and fall
from the parent stem. When that time shall come,
its political coalition with this continent is inevita-
ble. Interference by other nations may hasten
this event, but the combined power of Europe
cannot prevent it.
This, sir, is a full, and I Ih'ink, an intelligible
reply to any question of European interference
with the political condition of Cuba.
Sir, who can doubt but that the acquisition of
Cuba by the United States is a question of time
only, purely a question of time? In the progress
of empires, in the^ormation of nations, they grow
from infancy to youth, and so to manhood. Great
and powerful as our country is, it is yet in its
youth; and it is of little moment to us whether we
acquire Cuba in this generation or in the next; but
come it will, just as certainly as that the world
revolves upon its axis.
Mr. President, I regretted, deeply regretted, to
see, just before we were assembled here at the
present session', that the President of the United
States had thought it proper, upon a general call
for the correspondence by the other House, to di-
vulge all communication which had passed be-
tween this Government and Spain, on the subject
of Cuba, from its first commencement. I do not
mean to question the motives of the President in
so doing, but I do question his judgment. What-
ever it was intended to effect, one consequence
must be the result—the postponement of the ac-
quisition of that Island to a more distant period
than if the correspondence had not been divulged;
and I apprehend that it is not very usual in the
diplomatic intercourse of nations to bring from the
secret archives, where they properly belong, mat-
ters that have confidentially passed between two
Governments, on any question in which others
hold themselves to be interested. The Adminis-
tration which has published the correspondence is
about to go out of office. I shall make no war
upon it for what it has done; but I will say that
as far as the acquisition of Cuba is involved, it
has done little to expedite it by divulging that
correspondence. Yet the publication may have
the less injurious effect for the reason that our
Government deals but little in secret diplomacy.
The ends and objects we desire to attain, should
not be idly or uselessly promulged; but if they
become so, I apprehend the world will find nothing
in them at which we have cause'to blush. Let
them hgve the information for what it is worth.
They all know—I mean the Europeati Powers all
know—not only the deep interest our whole coun-
try feels in the acquisition of that Island, but they
know, also, that it will inevitably become ours at
some day. Let them have the information for
what it is worth. It may postpone the acquisi-
tion ; it cannot prevent it.
I tell you, sir, what will expedite the annexa-
tion more than anything else: preserving towards
the Government of Spain perfect good faith, re-
quiring of our citizens an obedience to the laws
in refraining from rapine towards foreigners, as
they are required to do towards each other. Let
Spain repose in the consciousness that, however
desirable to us Cuba may be, all that we demand
of her is that she shall keep it, and not part with
