140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
it; and rely upon it, in the fullness of time, and
before very long, even Spain will yield to the in-
evitable necessity which governs the events of the
world. The geographical position of Cuba, with
the increasing growth of this country, will deter-
mine all the rest.
I have said that in so much of the President's
message as I have read was contained a narrative
only of the fact that he announced. In the con-
cluding sentence of that paragraph, the President
expresses an opinion. He says:
'• t hare, however, in common with several of my prr
d«*ssors, directed the Ministers of France and England to
be assured that the I'nited States entertain no designs
against Cuba."
In the expression of that opinion I fully agree
with the President; we entertain no designs against
Cuba. But he continues:
" But that, 011 the contrary, I should regard its incorpora-
tion into the I'nion at the present time as fraught with seri-
ous peril."
I regret, sir, that the President deemed it neces-
sary to express that as the opinion of the Execu-
tive; nor need^I suggest to the Senate upon what
that opinion is founded; it speaks for itself. But
I am free to declare, as one of the representatives
of the States, that I know of no peril which should
ensue, or which should cause us to hesitate, if
Cuba were ready for annexation' to-morrow. But
let this opinion of the President pass for what it is
worth.
In the present attitude of the affair in hand, to
discuss it could lead to no practical result, but I
could not dismiss it except under protest.
Mr. President, in making these remarks to the
Senate upon offering this resolution, I intended to
do no more than express my opinion as an Amer-
ican Senator upon tne relations that exist between
this country and Spain in reference to Cuba, and
to express further what I hold to be the duty of
every department of this Government, and of every
American citizen, to recognize Cuba as the prop-
erty of Spain, and sis such, to recognize, also, tne
muniments with which civilization protects all
property. Cuba belongs to Spain; it does not be-
long to us, and none but profane hands can be laid
upon it, unless, through some act of Spain herself,
forbearance on our part would involve the safety of'
our own people. And I wish further to declare,
in reference to the proposition made by those two !
Powers of Europe—let it have what meaning it I
may—that whenever the hoar comet, when in '
good faith, and with due regard to national honor,
we can incorporate Cuba as one of these United
States, it will be done, and Europe may find it
best then to hold her peace.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have listened .
with great interest and satisfaction to the remarks
which the Senate has just heard from the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and we may well congratulate ourselves and
the country that at this time, when so many diffi-
cult and delicate questions of foreign intercourse
are upon us, or threatening us, we have at the
head of that important committee, a gentleman so
well calculated to discharge its duties satisfactorily
to the Senate, and honorably to the country, and
disposed equally to avoid rashness and pusilla-
nimity.
We cannot disguise from ourselves that there
never was a period in eur history fraught with
more momentous subjects connected with our re-
lations with the Powers of the earth, and liable to
present themselves from hour to hour, for practical
consideration. We have heard a great deal about
our manifest destiny, and the term has been equal-
ly assailed by reproach and by ridicule. Now,
sir, if by that phrase it is meant, as I suppose it is,
that the great characteristic features of the age are
to produce an influence, a decisive one, upon our
course and policy, then I believe we have a man-
ifest destiny from which we cannot escape, and it
is a destiny by which we shall advance in all the
dements of knowledge aad prosperity, intellectu-
ally and materially. As to fixed immobility, we
may talk about it as we would about an antedilu-
vian speculation, but while we atop to talk the
world of progress is moving on, and we must re-
double our pace to overtake it. We cannot iso-
late ourselves from the other nations of the earth,
and we have rights and interests connected with
them which demand our constant, and often our .
jealous, attention. Mr. Canning said truly and
emphatically, We mutt keep <m the line qf political
knowledge. When one cheek is struck, in.national i,
affairs, if we turn the other we shall soon have
neither cheek, nor head, nor body, to enable us to
repeat the movement. And it was in this spirit I
desired last year, when the occasion called for it,
to repudiate by a solemn public act, an interpola-
tion made in the law of nations by the Emperor
of Russia, striking at the very root of national
freedom and independence.
But it was opposed and defeated, and I see that
the President in his recent annual message recalls
some of the adverse views then presented, and
expresses his approbation of them. Sir, I regret
this course, because I have a high personal regard
for the President, and approve much he has done;
but I must be permitted to say that the action pro-
posed by myself and others upon this matter was
no more calculated to produce war than the exer-
cise of any other unquestionable national right. I
think the charge doesinjustice to those with" whom
I acted. We all disclaimed the remotest intention
of provoking war, and maintained, both by rea-
son and authority, thatthe expression of a national
opinion upon a great question of public right, was
as much the prerogative of a republic as of a mon-
archy, and that such a proceeding gave no cause
of offense, no more than the enunciation of great
principles in our Declaration of Independence, but
that it put the dissent on record, leaving the Gov-
ernment proclaiming it uncommitted by the decla-
ration, and free to adopt its own course at any
time thereafter. I know of no public man—no
private one, indeed—who dreamed of accompany- '
ing or following the declaration with actual hostil-
ities. But we were frightened, if not out of our
propriety, at least out of our true duty and dignity.
The wonderful discovery was made that Wash-
ington and Jefferson had warned us of the danger
of" entangling alliances, "and that this proceeding
would be an " entangling alliance,"and was there-
fore to be avoided with patriotic horror. With
whom we were to form an alliance, by declaring a
principle of public law, no one has told us, and it is
yet a discovery which is to reward some future his-
torian. However, the object was gained. We
were humbugged, or we humbugged ourselves. But
we shall come to it yet, for this isan agt of progress,
as the President says, and I already see that ithas
told upon this question: for that very respectable
body, the Whig convention of New York, has
pronounced its adhesion to the doctrine in the fol- ,
lowing resolution, every word of which I heartily j
approve: , !
" 3d. As to foreign policy. Peace evermore, so far as is
consistent with the due assertion of our rights, a careful
avoidance of all entangling alliances with foreign Powers,
but a solemn protest against any deliberate defiance of the
laws of nations for the furtherance of the interests of des-
potism, and a generous and active sympathy with, and mo-
ral support to, all oppressed nations and races, struggling
to assert or retain their liberties."
And we shall notonly come upto this goodwork
of participation in the public law of the world,
but we shall also adopt the policy advocated by
Mr. Monroe and Mr. Polk, tnat no European na-
tion shall be permitted to colonize hereafter any
part of this continent.
Not to maintain existing colonies, as the Eng-
lish papers impudently ana falsely asserted, and
as many timid persons in this country made them-
selves believe; for both of those statesmen ex-
pressly excluded such'a pretension, leaving un-
touched existing rights, but they sought to prevent
the subjugation to a colonial state of any of the
new governments which had assumed and estab-
lished their independence. But we were also twice
frightened out of this measure. "We could not
get on the line of political knowledge." But" raw-
head and bloody bones" will not be scare-crows for
us. Manifest destiny is doing its part; and we
shall, ere long, be found warm and efficient sup-
porters of those two great articles of political faith,
peculiarly ours by position and institutions.
The foundation of this claim of exemption rests
upon peculiar considerations, which are not less j
just than they are forcible. The law of nations
is not a rigid, inflexible code, but itaccommodates , i
itself to the varying condition of the world, and !
history is filled with proofs of this power of adap- j
tation to existing circumstances. This hemi-
sphere, besides its general relation to the older i
continent, has peculiar interests of its own, which
demand its vigilant protection. Settled first with !
a view to commerce, and then held as the means '
of power and wealth, the varioaa portions of it;
were colonized by European Powers, and were !
involved in the wars of Europe without the slight-
! est interest in their origin or objects. However
1 frivolous the cause of war, whetner social, or po-
litical, or dynastic, or personal, it immediately
crossed the Atlantic, and extended its ravages to
countries which ought to have been beyond the
sphere of its operations. When we had had time
to recoverfrom the exhaustion ofourrevolutionary
efforts, and from the weakness of a new political
organization, this subject came up for consider-
ation ; and it was obvious that the crisis demanded
some powerful action, or that we might always be
placed in the midst of belligerent operations when-
ever hostilities broke out in Europe. This was a
state of things not to be suffered; and as soon,
therefore, as the Spanish colonies threw off the
yoke of the mother country, and assumed inde-
pendent positions, it was equally our right and
our interest to preserve them from resubjugation
and recolonization. Such is the condition of this
question; and appearances indicate that we may
be called upon ere long to interpose, efficaciously,
in support of this great principle of American ex-
emption. I cannot believe that the French Gov-
ernment is endeavoring to obtain possession of
any portion of the Mexican territories; but if such
be the object, I trust the effort will be met and re-
sisted by the whole power of our country; and I
think the sooner our Government openly avows
this determination, in this and all similar cases,
the better will it be for our permanent interest and
honor.
In this connection, sir, I desire to submit a few
brief remarks concerning Cuba, as that Island pre-
sents one of the most difficult questions, perhaps
the most difficult in our foreign policy. Five years
ago, in some observations I submitted to the Sen-
ate, on the subject of the application of the Yuca-
tese people for the aid of this Government against
the overwhelming force of the Indians, I had oc-
casion to explain my views in relation to Cuba,
and I have since seen no cause to change them. I
then said:
" Self-defense is as incident to communities as to indi-
viduals, and a provident forecast requires us to watch any
dangerous projects of domination, and to provide for them as
we can. I repeat that a nation, underthese circumstances,
must judge for itself. Proximity of situation, the nature or
tbe intercourse resulting from its commanding position to do
injury , and other considerations, are all elements to be taken
into view. In my opinion, we owe it to ourselves to avow
distinctly to the world that the attempt to procure die trans-
fer of Cuba from Spain to any other nation, whether peace-
ably or forcibly, would be resisted by the whole power of
this country. To others it may be a question of tc-rritorial
aggrandizement, or of mercantile cupidity; but to us it is a
question of necessity—I had almost said of political life or
death. It would become the gate to close the great river of
our country. Tbe waters of that country, thereafter as here-
tofore, would reach the gulf, but its commerce would never
reach the ocean.
" So long as Cuba and Yucatan are held by their present
possessors, neither we, nor the commercial world have any-
thing to fear from English projects, whatever these may be.
" I trust that the intrigues of no nation will ever compel
us to take forcible possession of Cuba."
Such were my sentiments then, and such are
they now. So long as Spain retains Cuba, or
should the Island become independent, truly and
honestly, we have no right to interfere with it.
And, for myself, I should be willing—desirous
indeed—at any time to purchase it of S]&in, and
at a liberal, even at an extravagant price; but no
transfer to another Power, either by peace or war,
and the resistance of such an attempt by all the
means which God has given us. And I have never
uttered a sentiment here or elsewhere, inconsistent
with these views, though I have often been charged
with what are called fillibustering projects; and tnat
too by respectable journals, during the presiden-
tial contest—by the Republic, ofthis city,amongst
others; and quite recently by the Journal of Com-
merce, of New York. No man, editor, or reader,
has the right to prefer such a charge against me.
I believe in public, as well as in personal morality,
and I value the honor of my country at too high
a price to barter it for any scheme of aggrandize-
ment. And I embrace this opportunity to bear my
testimony of approbation to the recent conduct of
the Administration in relation to Cuba. I reprobate
these repeated efforts of interference in the concerns
of another nation, and I have no charity for the
motives of the leaders engaged in them. If the
people of Cuba desire to free themselves from
the Government of Spain—and a worse one is
hardly to be found on the face of the earth—their
effort will haveall my sympathies and all my good
wishes, as I am sure it will have those of the
