1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
American people. And 1 cannot doubt but that
their independence would be cheerfully recognized ,
by this Government the moment it could be prop-
er! v done. But this work is their own, and not
ours, and so long as they acknowledge allegiance
to Spam it is our duty to respect that relation.
And, sir, there are circumstances in the condition
both of that country and of ours, which may well
demand some forbearance on our part. Spain is
weak and remote from this, almost the last of her
immense American possessions. We are near and
powerful, and besides, the condition of the Island
has been critical and uncertain. There are questions
of internal police there which possess paramount
importance, and they are precisely questions
which would awaken the vigilance of any people
on earth. And Cuba has been in a state of quasi
revolution, the Government fearing external col-
lision as well as internal explosions. And there
is not a nation which would not adopt very strong
measures for its security under such circumstances.
We should, and persist in them too, at all hazards.
This is precisely a state of things when extreme
points of rights should not be unnecessarily pushed
by a foreign Power; and I saw with regret that an
effort was making to bring matters to a crisis, by
insistine upon the introduction of a person sup-
posed by the Government of the Island—wrongly,
indeed, as it subsequently appeared—to be dan-
gerous. And I commend the course of our Ad-
ministration in tins affair. One of our citizens,
however, seemed to think it is his duty to interfere,
whether voluntarily or involuntarily, almost to
provoke a collision. I consider his conduct equally
presumptuous and unpatriotic. It could have
been to him a comparatively unimportant point
whether A or B was the purser of his ship, cer-
tainly not a point worth the consequences possible
and even probable. And as to the principle of
exclusion, that was a question for the Govern-
ment, and I think the Government was right in the
view it took of it. The honor of the country,
thank God, was not in the keeping of Mr. Law.
It was in better hands.
Now, sir, I desire the possession of Cuba prin-
cipally as a military position, with a view to its
vast importance as the true key to the Mississippi.
But as a mere question of acquisition, the subject
presents no terrors to me. I observe the Presi-
dent views it differently, and urges strong- objec-
tions to the measure, to the general principle, in-
deed, of the extension of our territory. And there J
is a striking coincidence between some of his sug-
gestions and some of the reasons presented against
the purchase of Louisiana, when that question was
before Congress. Time and experience have come
to put the seal of approbation upon that great
measure, and to refute the anticipations of evil so
confidently indulged and expressed. The inhab-
itants of French birth or descent are as truly at-
tached to this Union as any other citizens of our
country, and they have given proofs of true pa-
triotism under circumstances of trial to which few
sections of the Republic have been exposed. And
such, in my opinion, would be the result in Cuba,
as well as in any other region which it is at all
probable will ever makepartof ourConfederation.
At first, indeed, there might be doubts and difficul-
ties, but time and information would soon remove
them. And the sense of freedom and of a condi-
tion beyond the reach of change, together with a
rise in the value of property, which is sure to at-
tend an incorporation with us, and the increased
activity of business, would ere long do their work,
and convert the population into zealous and pa-
triotic Americans.
As to the general subject of annexation, I have
no new views to disclose. It is pretty well known
that I have a capacious sic allow for territory, though
I am free to confess that I can wait awhile pa-
tiently, if necessary, and spend the time in digest-
ing our last acquisitions. They sit lightly upon
the stomach, and promise to promote the health
of the body-politic to a degree surpassing the most
sanguine expectations of those who expected most
from the measure. And we cannot employ this
interval of waiting better than by the adoption of
wise and efficient means to bind our recent acqui-
sitions to the rest of the Confederacy by the ties '
of interest as well as of affection. And it is my
decided conviction that one of the most important
measures—the most important, indeed, for this
Government—is the construction, so far as our ,
constitutional authority permits, of a railroad from i
some point upon the Mississippi to the Pacific [
ocean. I say some point upon the Mississippi,
for it is perfectly indifferent to me where it is,
and I trust the friends of this great object will not
fritter away their strength by mere local questions
of direction and determination. Let those mat-
ters be settled by commissioners, or in some other
practical manner, but let us lend our undivided
force to the great work itself. When completed,
as it is sure to be, it will bind this great Republic
together literally by bonds of iron, and by the
still stronger bonds of confidence and interest,
and San Francisco will be practically nearer the
seat of the Government than Savannah was at the
adoption of the Constitution.
We are often asked by the timid and the cau-
tious, Where is annexation to stop ? That ques-
tion will not be answered in my day, and I leave
its solution to those upon whom may devolve the
duty and the responsibility of deciding it. A Gen-
eral Government to conduct the external relations
with foreign Powers, and to regulate the interior
relations of the members of the Union: and State
governments to provide for the great objects of
freedom and security, and for the various political
wants of the community, this American scheme of
political organization opens a wide field for its
operations; indeed, an almost boundless one. It
is certainly far easier to preserve amicable relations
between neighboring States acknowledging a fed-
eral head, with the necessary provision for the
peaceable adjustment of difficulties, than it would
be to preserve peace amongst them if independent,
when force and not reason must be the arbiter of
their disputes.
But I repeat, sir, that 1 denounce any acquisi-
tion but an honest one. And we can look back
with gratifying pride to the course we have pur-
sued upon this subject, and safely challenge com-
parison with that of any other nation, and espe-
cially of that nation which, in the spirit of the
Pharisee, arrogates to itself the crown of self-
righteousness above all the other people of the
earth. We have made four acquisitions, two by
peaceable purchase, one by voluntary annexation, j
and the fourth by conquest, in a just war, and by j;
the payment of a vast sum of money, after giving '
up a large portion of the enemy's country which
was in our possession. And when did England,
who boast3 that the sun never sits upon her do-
minions, when did she acquire one foot of territory
but by the sword? And yet such is the incon-
sistency of human nature, that she is ever vaunt- !
ing her own moderation, and arraigning our ra- j
pacity. John Bull belongs to a curious species of
the genus homo. He cannot discover the beam
in his own eye, but can look across the ocean,
three thousand miles off, and discover the mote in :
Jonathan's eye, and then announce it with self-
gratulation to the world. Our wicked propensity
for acquisitions has been with England a favorite
theme of reproof and reproach, and very lately we
have had some beautiful specimens of this spirit
in the London papers. The Britannia says that
" American.diplomacy requires only to be known
to be thoroughly despised." "American diplo-
macy and American duplicity are first cousins."
"There is but one principle in American diplo-
macy—gain." The London Sun, speaking of our
course, remarks that " Whenever the wolf wants
a colorable pretext for injustice, he can readily find
—or make it." The London Chronicle is not a
whit behind its co-laborers in this agreeable work
of national abuse. Itsays: " Such is the state of
the case which illustrates the grasping character
of the universal Yankee nation."
The very last advices from Eastern Asia have
brought us a striking commentary upon these as-
persions, and upon English moderation and disin-
terestedness. Another of the native powers of
Hindostan has fallen before the march of a great
commercial corporation, and its eight or ten mil-
lions of people have gone to swell the immense
congregation of British subjects in India. And
what do you think was the cause of the war which >
has just ended in the swallowing up of the kingdom ji
ofBurmah? The whole history of human con- !
tests, since the dispersion of the family of man j
upon the plains of Shinar, exhibits no such na-
tional provocation followed by such a national
punishment. Political arithmetic contains no such
sum as that which drove England to this unwelcome
measure. Had we not the most irrefragable evi- j
dence, we might well refuse credence to this story !
of real rapacity. But the fact is indisputable that
England went to war with Burmah, and annihi-
lated its political existence for the non-payment of
a disputed demand of ~£990. So says the London
Times, the authoritative expositor of the opinions
and policy of England. "Toappreciate correctly,"
savs that impersonation of British feeling, " the
' character of this compulsory bargain, tlie reader
' must recollect that the sum originally demanded
' of the Burmese for the indemnification of our in-
' jured merchants was .£990. And Lord Dalhou-
' sie's terms, even when the guns of our steamers
' were pointed against Rangoon, comprehended,
' in consideration of the expenses of the expedi-
' tion and of compensation for property, a claim
'of only £100,000." Well does it become such
a people to preach homilies to other nations upon
disinterestedness and moderation.
And, in a similar spirit of exclusive virtue, we
have had another specimen of British meddling
interference with the concerns of this country, in
the form of an address from the female aristocracy
of England to the women of the United States
upon the subject of slavery, marked with that
modesty and practical charity which ought to
characterize such an interposition in the concerns
of a distant country, which the actors do not un-
derstand, and cannot benefit. One would suppose
there were objects enough of distress in England
to engage all their sympathy, and to command all
the assistance whicn the women—and the men,
too—titled or untitled, can furnish. The London
Times told us, not long since, that there were one
hundred thousand persons in the city of London,
" the center and core of British civilization," who
rise every morning without knowing where to get
a meal during the day, except from a '' passing job
or a crime." And this frightful picture is not over-
charged, as all know who have been there. Can
any man truly say this, or anything like it, of our
country, north or south ? And I have seen more
wretchedness in one of the proud capitals of Eu-
rope, than I ever saw in our favored land, among
bond or free. As to starvation, nobody can starve
here, white or black, unless he willfully keeps his
mouth shut. And I think that publications origin-
ating in an excited imagination, or in some worse
motive, giving the most exaggerated descriptions
of the sufferings of slavery, and thus exciting false
impressions both at home and abroad, should be
discountenanced by every true-hearted American.
These English ladies of high caste cannot go into
their own streets to relieve the misery that sur-
rounds them. Out upon these pharisaical preten-
sions ! "A slovenly, unhandsome corse cannot
come" " betwixt the wind and their nobility." I
have no respect for that self-boasting charity
which neglects all objects of commiseration near
and around it, but goes to the end of the earth in
search of misery, for the purpose of talking about
it.
Mr. President, since my earliest years, and
where I could, I have rebuked the unworthy
course of the British press and people towards
this country. And for the expression of this nat-
ural feeling of indignation I have been often de-
nounced for belligerent propensities, and for a
wish to involve us in a war with England. Noth-
ing could be more untrue or unjust than this
charge.
I never wanted a war with England, but felt as
an American ought to feel, though for many years
there was a kind of infatuation upon this subject,
a shrinking from English boasts and English
taunts, which marked a portion of our people, as
though it were our duty to submit to them in silent
acquiescence. For myself, the opinion of England
is no more than the opinion of any other nation,
and I deprecate that sensitiveness which would lend
us to watch with jealous earnestness the indications
elsewhere of the views entertained of this country,
of its conduct, policy, and institutions. Let us go
on, enjoying in a spirit of thankfulness, the bless-
ings we have received from Providence, doing our
duty openly, honestly, and with a generous confi-
dence in human nature, and also with a belief in
its progress, and with a heartfelt sympathy for
the struggles of the oppressed bowed down by
centuries of tyranny. And let us fulfill our mani-
fest destiny in no spirit of aggrandizement or of
Fropagandism, but fearlessly and rightfully. And
have been much pleased to see that recently the
assaults of the British press have been met in a
proper spirit by our own, and especially by some
