1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
and the treaty making power of other countries in
the work), imv organve an international tiibi'nal
for the purpose of settling disputes, and pledge the
parties to execute the decrees of that tribunal.
!>v suc'i treaties war anions: the nations which
thus stipulate and agree, may be prevented. I
ht-irii peace societies, sir, ridiculed upon this floor
the other dav. It niav be that the implements of
war will ne\er be entirely converted into plow-
shares and prunins-hooks. I «ra no prophet. I
cannot roll up the curtain which conceals the things
of tu'uritv; but it'there i< truth in those predictions
which are recorded in the sacred book, the day is
to come when nation shall make war against na-
tion no more, and forever. The man who closes
his eyes to the progress of peace in the world,
wh"> declares that the waste and carnage of war
will never cease to pollute the earth, whatever
may be his professions of faith in the divinity of
the l!i;>ie, is practically an infidel. Sir, if the Bible
be a revelation of the Almighty through inspired
men, the day must o.ime when the clangor of war
shall be heard no more, and peace, universal and
perpetual, shall prevail. When that day arrives,
nation can teach nation, and man teach his fellow
man, all science, all art, all truth, whether m pol-
itics or morals, and there shall be none to mo-
lest or make him afraid. The first thing to do for
the intellectual and political progress of men, and
the surest way to reach that end, is to secure per-
manent peace among nations. Save the people
froi.i the burdens and taxes of war, save them from
the exciting and maddening thoughts of sacked
cities, and fatherless families, of maimed and mu-
tilated friends and brothers, and give them time to
think of the arts, and pursuits, and avocations of
peace.
Carrying out those blessed ideas, I doubt not
the day is coming when the nations of the world
will have intelligence and virtue enough to enter
into stipulations with each other to abide by the
decisions of eminent and just men who may be
selected to settle international disputes. Such a
plan is nothing more than an enlarged Federal
system for nations, separated by oceans and by
difference of language, and there 13 no reason why
it should not work as well for nations as our
Federal system has worked for the States which
compose it.
Should two or more leading and influential Gov-
ernments adopt the plan, it will be followed and
sanctioned by nation after nation, until the evils re-
sulting from war are extirpated from the face ofthe i
earth. In the mean time, i am opposed to all filli-
buslering to take Cuba. I am against all fiUibuxter- |
ing in the way of annexation either in regard to Cuba
or Canada, or any other part of the world. I have
no faith, no, not a particle, in the idea of making
men republicans.and qualifyingthem for liberty by
the mere application of brute force, uprooting insti-
tutions to which they have been long accustomed,
and establishing other institutions before they are
prepared for them. Behold, and ask yourselves,
what has been accomplished in the world by revolu-
tions, started by ambitious men and achieved by
violence before the nation has been prepared for it.
What is the condition of South America at this
dav: Revo'ution after revolution; one military
man after another military man—no, sir, robber;
they do not deserve to be called military men—one
after another fleecing the people, robbing the peo-
ple, who seem to be incapable of resistance and
utterly destitute of rapacity for self-government. !
Mr. CASS. I would ask the Senator whether,
if they had belonged to this country twenty years
ago, they would not have been changed.
Mr. rXDERWOOD. I hope they would have
been. I am speaking, though, for the purpose of
illustrating my principles. I will attend in a mo-
ment to the idea which the Senator has thrown
out. I give the example of the Spanish republics
of our continent to show that, until the masses
of the people, by the improvement of the intellect,
understand their rights; until they see how the
governmental machinery can be made to work to
protect those rights; and until they are able by
moral and intellectual power, instead of fraud and
violence, to put and keep that machinery in con-
tinual and successful operation, their revolutions
and wars only precipitate them down the descend-
ing slope of progress from one state of degrada-
tion to another, so that from the lowest depth to
which they hasten, there is no hope of resurrec-
tion. The history of the revolutions of Spanish i,
colonies proves the truth of my position. Look
also at France. Sir, some of the constitutions of
that country, which I have read, are upon paper
as beautiful compositions, abounding in as glo-
rious truths in reference to human rights as ever
were penned; but what is a French constitution
upon paper? It is nothing, because there is not
intellectual and moral power in the masses of the
people, and stability of purpose to have a written
constitution observed and executed. Sir, the
nations of Europe, before they can be free, must
learn how to divide power as we have done, and
then they must understand the value and import-
ance of abiding by the laws until constitutionally
changed—a thing in which I have often thought
my Democratic friends were very deficient.
In the first revolution of France which succeed-
ed our own, there was a party in that country,
headed by the exalted, the patriotic, the noble,
the generous Lafayette, denominated the Girond-
ists. I have read with intense anxiety the strug-
gle of that Girondist party, for the purpose of
establishing a Government in France to secure ra-
tional liberty, such as it was believed the French
people were capable of maintaining and enjoying,
under a written constitution, dividing, distributing,
and limiting its powers in a manner somewhat
analogous to our system; and 1 have lamented the
prevalence and success of that Jacobinical spirit,
that fiendish, infernal spirit, of such demagogues
as Robespierre and Danton ,wh ich, admini stenng to
the vile passions of infuriated mobs, overwhelmed
the Girondists, and sent their leading members,
with the accomplished Madam Roland, to the guil-
lotine. Often have I pondered on the scene and
the speeches made at the last supper of theGirond-
lsts, on the night preceding their execution. Often
have I thought of the memorable and thrilling rea-
son assigned by M. Roland for committing suicide:
" Stranger, who shall discover these remains, treat
them with respect. They are those of a man who,
after the murder of his wife, refused to remain
longer in a world so polluted by crime."
The horrible events of the " Reign of Terror," as
it has been aptly called, in revolutionary France,
are pregnant with instruction. They demonstrate
that an ignorant and oppressed multitude, however
potent to pull down a throne, are totally incompe-
tent to build up a republic. Life, liberty, and
property, the primary objects of all government,
can find no protection where ignorance, envy,
poveity, and hatred, have the ascendency, and
make war upon intelligence and patriotism. All
popular efforts, unless guided by wisdom and vir-
tue, exhaust themselves by folly and crime, and
terminate, as in France, by the reestablishment of
monarchy. j
Sir, the history of the world shows that no peo- 1
pie can be free, and sustain a representative popu-
lar Government, until their minds and hearts are
imbued with wisdom, virtue, moderation, and jus-
tice. Thisfillibustering spirit, which too much pre-
vails amongst the American people, favoring the ,
annexation of everybody, whether they are pre- |
pared for liberty or not, will, I fear, prove fatal to '
theUnion,and subvert, as our Government breaks
to pieces, the last hope of mankind in favor of
freedom. This foreign leaven, which we are con-
tinually introducing and annexing, instead of pro-
ducing a wholesome fermentation, may produce
the taint of death. I am afraid, by annexing
Spaniards, Mexicans, Creoles, people who, from
their past history, are not prepared for the govern-
ment and liberty which we erijoy, that, instead of
elevating them and our institutions, we shall but
inoculate ourselves with the virus of political pes-
tilence and certain death. Now, it may be that if
we had annexed the islands of the Gulf and the
whole continent as far south as the Straits of Ma-
gellan, twenty years ago, according to the sugges-
tion of my friend from Michigan, we might possi-
bly, by educating the inhabitants and training them
for their new position, have induced them to
change their habits of thought and their principles,
and thus we may have fitted them to become good
citizens and republicans. I admit such a change
to be possible; but it is a mere speculation whether |
it would or would not occur; and I, for one, am
unwillingto risk, upon mere speculation, the doing ;
of a thing which must endanger, if not destroy,
the institutions of my own country.
Sir, there is a safer plan, in my opinion, by
which we may benefit others and risk no injury
to ourselves, and that is, to go on and consolidate ii
our Union; build up new States out of our vast
Territories as the population expands; respect the
division of power between the State and Federal
Governments; be cautious never to transcend the
powers we have; never interfere with the powers
belonging to the States; improve the physical condi-
tion of the people, and thereby give them means
and leisure to cultivate the intellects and morals of
their children; and thus set an example before the
world, which shall induce all men to inquire why
it is that the American people are so happy ? why
it is that they are not oppressed by taxation ? why
it is that justice is so well administered among
them, and every citizen so fully protected in his
rights?—why it is that fraternity, equality, har-
mony and peace so generally prevail?—arid how
it is that there are no export or import duties levied
upon articles of trade and commerce, among the
citizens of the States, by State authority? Let us
so exhibit ourselves and our Governments that
these questions shall be asked by every people with
whom we have intercourse. We can then furnish
instructive answers by stating facts, and facts alone.
We shall not advise sedition by stating facts in
regard to our country, our people, and our Gov-
ernment. These facts when detailed will illumin-
ate and instruct the mind of the inquirer. They
will become the elements of thought; and as they
are known and spread through the world, nations,
seeing our progress, as soon as they understand
it, will follow in our tracks. XJ ti til they are in-
structed, and fully comprehend, there is no more
reason to believe that they can build up, and suc-
cessfully maintain, institutions like ours, than
there is for believing that a lad of ten years can
navigafe a ship, ora school girl command an army
with success. Let us extend our commercial in-
tercourse, and embrace all nations. The inter-
course between man and man in the transaction of
their business will naturally and necessarily lead
to an interchange of ideas and opinions; and thus
when nations import our productions, they will
receive them stamped with our thoughts and prin-
ciples of Government. No vigilance can suppress
or detect the exchange of sentiments and opinions
which is continually going on among men, who
are brought in contact by purchasing and selling,
or exchanging commodities. We should, there-
fore, look to our commercial intercourse as the best
means of informing other nations, and preparing
them to enlarge the area of freedom, by imitating
our example. Physical power the world over re-
sides with the masses, and when they thoroughly
understand their rights, they will know how to
assert them successfully. But without under-
standing, without knowledge, and without virtue,
men are biped brutes, incapable of self-govern-
ment; and if that be the condition of the masses,
the discerning few, who have lives and property
to lose, and who dread guillotines and confisca-
tions, will take refuge and seek protection under
the strong arm of a military dictator, or absolute
sovereign, rather than submit to popular pillage.
Their instincts tell them, that they are safer in the
hands of one generous robber, than in the hands
of forty thieves. Those who have something to
lose, and nothing to gain by violence and perpet-
ual changes, are not willing to trust themselves in
the hands of those who have everything to gain
and nothing to lose. That is the reason why you
see Louis Napolean dignified with an Empire, and
the title of Napoleon III.
1 concur most heartily with the Senator from
Michigan, that one of the great elements of prog-
ress is the internal improvement of the country.
I took occasion, during the last session, to indorse
him as a good Whig upon that subject, and it
gives me pleasure to extend to him the right hand
of fellowship whenever he talks about internal im-
provements. But there is in this country a large
party, a formidable party, that can find no consti-
tutional power in the General Government to
build a bridge, open a road, or dig a canal. I
wish, with all my heart, that that party may see
new lights under the teachings of the Senator from
Michigan, and that they may find the power, under
the Constitution of the country, to build a great
railroad to the Pacific from the mouth of the Ohio
—that is the proper point, sir—from the mouth of
theOhio; and why is it? I see you smile, sir. It
is not the proper point because it suits Kentucky.
No, sir. It is not the proper point because the
territory of Kentucky touches it. No, sir. But
it is the proper point because the Almighty has
