144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23.
concentrated more great rivers at and near that
point than anywhere else on the earth. You may
have ocean steamboat navigation from the Gulf of
Mexico up to the mouth of the Ohio nearly all, if
not the whole year; and you cannot have it higher
than that. Now, sir, start your railroad there,
and take it to the West, to California, to the Pa-
cific, and look in the progress of events to the
mighty results. The whole platform has been
laid down by that learned ana scientific man at
the head of tne Observatory—Lieutenant Maury.
You will have your ocean steamboats running
from the mouth of the Ohio, if you will make a
port of entry and delivery there, throughout the
whole of the West India Islands, and passing be-
yond them to the Orinoco, to the Amazon, and
the La Plata, and entering them all; and you can
discharge your cargoes of imports at the mouth
of the Ohio, thence to be distributed by smaller
boats over the whole of the greet valley which
furnishes twenty thousand miles of internal navi-
gation. Thatdistribution,in regard to heavy arti-
cles, can be accomplished cheaper by water than
by railroad transportation; but when water com-
munications will not accomplish every purpose,
what remains can be done by the railroads con-
verging there. Thus we shall build up a great
commercial emporium in the heart of our country.
But that is not half the value which the Pacific
railroad may accomplish. It will be the strongest
cement to bind the States on the Pacific to those
on the Atlantic, and both sea-boards with the cen-
tra] States of the Mississippi valley. It will facil-
itate the transportation of the mails, troops, and
munitions of war, and in these respects be of in-
calculable national importance, to say nothing of
the accommodations it will afford to travelers and
emigrants.
It may be thought somewhat inconsistent, after
what I nave already said in favor of the total ex-
tirpation of war as one of the best, if not the
most efficient step of human elevation and prog-
ress, that 1 should now commend the construc-
tion of a railroad because of its advantages in aid-
ing military operations. Sir, I desire to be clearly
understood. 1 wish to suppress wars by enlight-
ening mankind, and inducing them to settle differ-
ences by peaceable means. But if I cannot cob- '
vince men and nations that audi is their true in- 1
teyeat; that disputes when settled through violence .
and blood aw as likely to be settled wrong as 1 i
right, and therefore, that those who seek justice >'
should resort to some other arbiter; if I cannot es-
tablish my principles as a rule for international con-
duct, ana other nations, regardless of our rights,
attack us, or seriously insult and trespass upon
us, I am for repelling force by force, and admin-
istering a wholesome chastisement. If appeals to
reason are not sufficient to protect us, then I will
seek protection at the eannon's mouth. I am no
advocate for passive submission to insult and in-
jury. On die contrary, I hold that punishment
for serious aggressions and injuries should be in-
flicted upon offenders, both for their reformation
and an example to evil-doers. Consequently,
when one nation cannot be restrained in its outrage
upon the rights of another by peaceful means,
war becomes the rightful remedy. We ought not,
therefore, in the present state of the principles
which influence the conduct of nations, to over-
look or neglect the military and naval defenses of
the country.
Mr. President, I shall be happy to cooperate
witli the Senator from Michigan, and his political
friends, in constructing the Pacific railroad, whether
the starting point be the mouth of the Ohio, or any
other place. Sir, the party to which he belongs i
can do it. I can do nothing. I am in the minor-
ity, I have but one vote, and no influence. All
I can do is to say to those who can accomplish
the magnificent work, " I am sure you are right,
now go ahead."
Mr. President, if we could only be convinced'
that the improvement of our own country, by
canals, by slack-water, by railroads, was the most
efficient way to promote the upward progress of
our people, and then go to work, we should have
no time for Jillibustering and engaging in wars, and
seeking to annex other countries. I tell gentle- i
men, the people of this country, unless my judg- i
ment errs very much, will deprecate as much as I i
do, the commencement of any war with a view to
acquire more territory. I speak of the substan-
tial men of the country with whom I sympathize, I;
! and of whom 1 hope I am one. I am not willing
to pay taxes, or borrow money, and create a
larger national debt to support wars for conquest
ana annexation, or even to purchase new territo-
ries at extravagant prices; and such will be my
doctrine when I retire from this Chamber and go
home. I shall say to my neighbors, let us not
willingly contribute to support drones and idlers
who, under the most patriotic and philanthropic pro-
fessions of enlarging the "area of freedom," and
conferring upon others the blessings we enjoy, are
secretly devoted to the enlargement of Executive
patronage, and their own individual aggrandize-
ment. Sir, the substantial yeomanry of the coun-
try, men who are willing to labor for a living, and
who expect no prizes in Jillibwlering lotteries; that
portion of the population of this country who are
now doing well, and have no expectation of sud-
denly jumping into a large fortune by any revolu-
tion whatever, unless I misjudge them very much,
are not willing to be taxed to increase our ar-
mies and navies, or to speculate in new acquisi-
tions.
I have thus given you my ideas in reference to
that policy which will best promote the upward
physical and intellectual progress of our own and
other nations which we may desire to mould into
our likeness. I have a few remarks now to make
in relation to moral and religious progress.
The Christian religion has been some eighteen
hundred and fifty-two years in the world. Its
progress has not been what its friends desired it to
be. It has not accomplished in that time the re-
generation of one half, perhaps not one twentieth
of the human rice; but its progress of late years,
is forward and onward with accelerating velocity.
In the commercial connections which are formed
and forming all over the world, the doors are
opened for a wider and more rapid advancement
of the Christian religion, than has existed at any
former period. The churches have availed them-
selves of those facilities, and through their mis-
sionaries are in every direction invading the pa-
gan world.
The churches send no armed crusades, such as
those which originated with that zealot, Peter the
Hermit, and which the providence of Goid suffered
to perish in disaster—a salutary warning to all
progressives of the Kinkel and Kossuth schools,
rtleraen who believe in the efficacy of gunpow-
and intervention ! The churches quietly and
I calmly raise their hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars annually for missions. Kinkel, after numer-
ous appeals to indignant and excited progressives,
got about$8,000, ten or twenty dollars of it in Lon-
don, and the residue from humbugged Americans.
How much Kossuth got for the liberation of Hun-
gary, has not been reported. Kinkel has offered
to return to his deluded contributors, the excess,
after deducting expenses, provided they will ap-
ply for it. Kossuth is as silent as the grave in
respect to contributions in his pockets: and I sup-
pose they will go pretty much as the sums went
that were raised at the instance of Daniel O'Con-
nell and other agitators some years before, for the
liberation of Ireland—they will go where they will
no more be heard of.
The difference in the amounts contributed to
spread the Gospel and Christian principles over the
earth, and those contributed to liberate oppressed
people is strikingly enormous, and it proves how
great the faith in those who work for the Gospel,
and how insignificant the faith is of those who
work for intervention, notwithstanding their noisy
vociferations. I rejoice at the difference. Religion
triumphs in the competition.
I entertain the opinion, Mr. President, that our
Government may aid,properly and constitutional-
Sr, the progress of Christianity. How can it be
one?
The Government can help it through the treaty-
making power. Let us, if possible, stipulate m
our treaties tliat our citizens when residing abroad,
shall be allowed the liberty of assembling and
worshipping God according to the dictates of their
consciences. Such a privilege would be esteemed
one of great value to our people. Its exercise
would attract the attention of the neighborhoods
and cities in which their public worship might
take place. The consequence would be inquiry,
the diffusion of knowledge, and ultimately, the
adoption of Christianity in its purity. The mis-
sionary would feel safer when his right to wor-
ship publicly was guarantied by treaty.
I am glad that petitions have already been pre-
sented asking Congress to adopt measures by
which free religious worship may be secured to
our people wherever they may be located on the
face of the globe.
Freedom of conscience is as essential as the
freedom of the mind; and the great progress which
has been made since the American Revolution has
been the result of the combined freedom of the
mind and soul. The untrammeled operations of
the mind and the undisguised publication of the
sentiments of the soul are the great levers of
human progress everywhere. We must give free
wid full scope to the intellect and the affections,
in order to develop and improve our nature.
Such freedom is the creative laboratory of new
ideas, the fire to kindle new thoughts, and the
power to spread abroad new principles for general
examination and adoption if true, or rejection if
false. No danger can finally resultfrom attempts
to propagate false theories and doctrines so long
as the admirable, and, I hope, the eternal maxim of
Jefferson prevails, that " error may be tolerated
when reason is left free to combat it." Sir, it is
the slavery of reason and conscience, the compul-
sion which drives them along the beaten track,
which prevents and hinders mankind in building
up the temples of liberty and peace throughout
the world. Demetrius, who makes shrines for
Diana, stands in the way of reform. But emanci-
pated reason and conscience will push him aside
and triumph in the end. Such, at least, is my
faith. All that this Government can do for the
present, in regard to Christian progress, is to look
to the condition of our people scattered over the
world , and endeavor, if possible, to secure to them
the right of open public worship, and thereby
gradually emancipate the intellect and soul of the
heathen from the slavery of superstition and Pagan
idolatry. 1 also wish to see in all countries pro-
fessing Christianity, each sect have equal right
with every other, to address the reason of the
people in respect to their respective creeds. Our
best beginning to accomplish this is by treaty
stipulations, to secure the freedom of public wor-
ship to our citizens abroad.
I have presented my ideas of progress, of that
ascending progress which will conduct us to the
summit of human perfectibility. With these opin-
ions, in regard to the elements of true progress, I
assent to tne declaration in the message, that this
is "an age of progress." We are indebted for
this ascending progress to the giant intellects of
the.past and the present. We owe them all a
grateful remembrance. The heroes and sages of
our Revolution stand at the head of the list, as
having established the absolute freedom of the
mind and conscience, and invented a system of
Government by the division of political power,
which enables our people with safety and justice
and peace to govern themselves. Bacon, Locke,
and Newton, were preeminent in the intellectual
and philosophical departments of science. Rum-
sey, an unknown name, of brilliantgenius without
fortune, who died of an apoplectic fit in Europe, and
who, at Shepherdstown, Virginia, first propelleda
boat by the application of steam, and who predicted
in the last century that steamsliips would cross
the Alan tic in twelve dayB; and Fitch, who took up
the idea of steam navigation a little subsequent to
Rumsey; and Fulton, who, after having had all
the instruction which Rumsey imparted to him
in London, ultimately succeeded in New York—
these are three American pioneers in steam navi-
gation, whodeserveto live in ourmemories forever.
Their inventive talents were ofincalculable value in
aid of the ascending progress of the world. And
to come down to living men, there is Mr. Morse,
who taught us to control and use the electricity of
heaven in carrying messages for man. There are
hundreds of inventors, memorials of whose useful
labors, in every department of life, may be found
in our Patent Office. These are the living men,
who with Arkwright, Whitney, and Faust, and
others, who, by then-Inventions, when living, gave
being and impulse to the useful mechanic arts—
these are the men who should be remembered and
honored through all ages. The divinity of true
progress inspired them, and.the world will never
cease to rejoice in their revelations. They have
done more for the elevation and happiness of man-
kind, than all the warriors that have exulted in the
'J rapture of the strife," and the conquest of na-
tions, from the defeat of the kings of Sodom and
