1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
Mr. BADGER. I hope the motion to postpone
will not prevail. The honorable Senator from
California 'Mr. Gwiv] says that "we"—meaning
hmiselt'aiul others—understand pretty well what
this document is. Now, 1 am not m the same
happy state and condition with him; I do not know
what it is: and if 1 am to be instrumental, directly
or indirectly, in forming public sentiment on tins
subject, I would rather do it after 1 shall have had
an opportunity of knowing the contents of the doc-
ument. The Senator from California seems to
know it a'readv: 1 do not. Let the resolution be
adopted, and let the document be communicated
to us, and then we shall all stand upon an equal
footing: and equal justice, [ know, is what my
friend from Ca.ii'nrnia will go for under any cir-
cumstances. I hope, therefore, that the matter
will not be postponed, but that the resolution will
be adopted now.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 23, 1852.  
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
if it be the pleasure of the House to consider it,
will be the report from the Committee on Printing.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask leave to
introduce " A resolution explanatory of the act
appropriating money for the removal of the Red
river raft." At the last session of Consress,
an appropriation of §100,000 was made for the
removal of the Red river raft. That money may
be wastefully expended, unless something be done
immediately, before the lettings of the contracts
now about to take place, and before the bids are
opened, which must take place at no distant day.
If the matter is now settled according to the terms
of the Senate resolution on your table, the defect
beins: remedied in that appropriation, under the
construction now given by the War Department,
the sum appropriated is large enough to remove
the raft, and Congress will never hear of thisrfnat-
ter again. I hope that the Senate resolution will
be taken up and passed, if possible, so that the
money already appropriated may not be thrown
away. The Secretary of War—and there seems
to be strong ground for hi3 construction—deter-
mines that under the act he can compel contract- j
ors to open the raft, but can make no provision 1
to compel them to keep it open through a few sea-
sons of high water, until.the channel of the river
shall be washed out. There seems to be some
grounds for the correctness of his judgment; so he
asks for lejislative action, that the appropriation
may be effective. If it is done, and the work is
let out in the manner proposed by that resolution,
the people who live upon the banks, the sufferers
by the obst uctions, will be greatly benefited, and
Government relieved from further expenditure.
It :s the first time that 1 ever knew us to reach a
point like this, and I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. STANLY. In what condition does this
resolution stand on the calendar?
Mr. JOHNSON. It first came in from the
Senate yesterday.
Mr. STANLY. It stands upon the Speaker's
table like ail the resolutions.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I hope that the
gentleman from North Carolina will not make any
objection. I am certain that there is not a mem-
ber of tins House, if he knew the situation of
that raft and the situation of the appropriation,
who would not at once concur in taking up this
resolution.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Moore', knew the situation of fifty bills
uoon the Speiker's table, his kindly heart would
say take them all up. How long is discussion on
the P^ed river raft to last?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will call the previous ques-
tion. I have united with the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stvkly] in "every effort to get up
the bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. STANLY. I will not interpose any ob-
jection to it; but I do not think that we should
discriminate. , |
The resolution was then taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state in regard to this
resolution, that the raft has been opened several
times, but for the want of the measure contempla-
ted m the resolution, it is closed up each succes-
sive high water; and so soon as this takes place,
great loss results to the people living upon the
banks of the river. We have convincing testi-
mony that if you will adopt the course proposed
by the resolution, you will never again be compelled
to make an appropriation for this purpose. I now
ask the previous question upon the resolution.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
make an inquiry of the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that the previous question is withdrawn?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The provision was origin-
ally inserted in the bill and voted upon by this
House, undoubtedly with the understanding—the
phraseology of the bill as it stands, though I have
not the bill before me, being for the removal of the
Red river raft—that the removal should be a per-
manent thing and that it should be a removal of
obstructions which would leave the river perma-
nently free for navigation. Let me ask the gentle-
man who moves this resolution, whether its lan-
guase is not weaker than the language of the bill?
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman will pardon
me, I will answer his question at this point. I do
not desire to detain the House, and so I promised.
He does not desire to defeat his own good work.
It is his anxiety that his operations should be
effective, that leads him to make his inquiries.
The War Department desires to conform itself to
what the law declares. The construction given to
this appropriation is for the removal of the ob-
struction; but when it is removed, there is nothing
said in the original bill about the permanency of
the removal. The only construction which could
be put upon it was, that when a party undertook
to remove the obstruction, he would be bound to
remove it; and when he had done so, the whole ,
of his undertaking would have been discharged. !
This is according to the terms of the original ap-
propriation. Let those who take the contract, re-
move it, and hold icopen for the longest period of
time, say from three to five successive years. That
will give ample time for the annual floods to wash
out the banks, so that a single mammoth cotton-
i wood tree cannot lie across the channel and form j
I a raft of miles to obstruct our navigation. The
Secretary of War requires this before he acts, as i
he conceives his hands are bound. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. 1
The resolution was then ordered to a third read-
ing, and was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to take
up the report from the Committee on Printing.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. HEB ARD. I rise to what I suppose to be
a privileged motion. I notice in recording the vote
upon the first branch of the resolution from the
Committee on Elections, giving compensation to
Mr. Taliaferro, that my name is recorded in the
negative, whereas I voted in the affirmative. I ask
that the proper correction be made, and my name
recorded in the affirmative.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] proposes to call up the res-
olution upon the subject of printing. The pre-
sumption is, that a motion to reconsider will
consume the balance of time before the adjourn-
ment; I would ask permission of the gentleman to
report several bills from the Committee on Ways
and Means, that they may be printed. j
Objection was made.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
resolution for the purpose of taking bill No. 138,
" to remit the duties upon certain goods destroyed I
by fire in the city of New York," from under the
consideration of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and referring it back to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. LANE. As there is nothing now before
the House, I ask leave to introduce a few bills,
for the purpose of having them referred.
Mr. OAR ITER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC
PRINTING CLERKS AND MESSENGER.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular business
before the House was the consideration of the fol-
lowing joint resolution, reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing, viz:
" A joint resolution authorizing the employment of two
clerks and one messenger in the office of Superintendent of
the Public Printing."
The joint resolution provides for the appoint-
ment of two clerks, at a salary of $1,500 each, and
one messenger, at a salary of $3 per diem.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 am satisfied,
that when this matter was first presented to the
House by the chairman of the committee of which
I am a member, a great misapprehension existed
in the House as to the extent of the duties imposed
upon the Superintendent by the law passed at the
last session. I have taken pains since that day
to examine the law, and I am now prepared to
give the House such information as will enable
them to act with proper intelligence upon this sub-
ject.
By section third of the printing act, it is made
the duty of the Superintendent " to receive from
the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives, all matter ordered by Congress
to be printed, and from the chiefs of Departments
and heads of Bureaus, all matter ordered by them
respectively, to be printed at the public expense,
and keep a faithful account of the same in a book
or books to be by him kept for that purpose," &c.
By a subsequent section of the same act, prices as
various as are the kinds of printing were fixed, as
well as the prices for folding and stitching, and all
the details necessary to complete each job; and then
deductions are to be made in certain cases, for the
purpose of arriving at the net cost to the Govern-
ment. In order to accomplish this object as the
law requires, three separate books must be opened
for each House of Congress, in which all these
details are to be entered, involving many distinct
I and exact calculations, each consuming much time,
•and requiring the services of persons fitted by
practical experience for this kind of business. So
of the printing to be executed for the several De-
partments and their various Bureaus: a separate
and distinct account with each must be kept, in
books similar to those for the Senate and the
House, so as to exhibit the kinds and quantities
ordered for each, the cost, &c. Moreover, ac-
counts are to be opened with the Treasury of the
United States, the contractors for furnishing paper,
the public printer, and others, involving the dis-
bursement, in the aggregate, of several hundred
thousand dollars per annum. This will afford
some idea of the clerical duty devolved upon this
office by law, and it is scarcely necessary to say
that it will require much time and labor to execute
it in a proper manner.
It is further made the duty of the Superintend-
ent to "supervise the execution of the public
printing, to inspect the work when executed, and
to see that the same is done with neatness and dis-
patch." This can only be done by frequent vis-
its to the office of the public printer by the Super-
intendent, in order that he may satisfy himself, by
personal observation, that the work is progressing
with reasonable dispatch; and that it is executed
in a neat and workmanlike manner, and on the
paper furnished by the Government for that pur-
pose.
It is also made his duty to procure, by contract,
the necessary paper for the Government printing;
to cause a sufficient quantity to be always on hand
to meet the public requirements; to receive, inspect,
and furnish the paper to the public printer as he
may require it; to see that it is of the proper weight
and quality; and to keep all the accounts for the
same, in such manner that they will accurately
show what paper has been received, its cost,
and what use has been made of it, and for what
purpose.
