148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
There are many minor duties required of the Su-
perintendent, necessarily involved in carrying into
practical operation the various provisions of the
law, which will readily suggest themselves to you.
In creating this new system for executing the
public printing, the Government lias, for the first
time, assumed its management and control, for the
purpose of protecting itself from the evils and an-
noyances of the past, and for facilitating the pub-
lic business for the future; and, in so doing, has
necessarily created new duties, which have not
heretofore been performed by any one. With the
assistance asked for by the Superintendent, I feel
satisfied that<he public interests will be promoted,
and that the law can be made to produce not only
an excellent quality of printing, with all reason-
able facility, but wift combine a strict accountability
and economy with it at the same time. *
Now, sir, I suppose this information which has
undergone the supervision of the Superintendent,
who concurs in all that I have said upon this sub-
ject, is sufficient for the House, and I therefore
move the previous question.
Mr. CaRTTER. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
moment ?
Mr. STANTON. I will, if my friend will re-
new it.
Mr. CARTTER. I will do it. I merely want
to state to the House that the consideration of
that resolution was postponed upon my motion.
I made that motion with a view of satisfying my-
self of the necessity of this additional force, and
having investigated the subject, 1 am satisfied that
the force is required, and that without it, the Su-
perintendent would be unable to discharge the
amount of labor which has been assigned to him.
I now renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the previous question, to enable me to
offer an amendment with regard to the salaries of
the clerks.  
Mr. CARTTER. I cannot do it without the
consent of the gentleman from Kentucky. I was
under obligations to him to renew the call for the
previous question, and I must decline to withdraw ;
it. i
The question now being upon seconding the de-
mand for theprevious question,
Mr. CARTTER called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and Gaylord were
appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 37; no quorum voting. ,
Mr. RICHARDSON asked for a recount, as
there was evidently a quorum in the House.
There being no objection, the tellers resumed
their places, and a recount having been had, the
tellers reported—ayes 89, noes 31.
So the previous question received a second.
The question recurred upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, moved that the joint
resolution be laid upon the table, and upon that
motion asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, ofTennessee,
and McNair were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 46, noes 63; no quorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. HOUSTON. There was noquorumon the
last vote, and of course we cannot adjourn over
without a quorum.
The SPEAKER. There may be a quorum on
this vote.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
on Mr. Richardson's motion; but they were not
ordered. 
Mr. STUARt called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Robbins, and Campbell of
Illinois, were appointed.
The question was then put upon Mr. Richard-
son's motion, and the tellers reported—ayes 88,
noes 47.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. There is a privileged motion
already pending. A motion to adjourn is the
highest privileged motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. A quorum being
present, I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The question recurred upon ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
determined that when they adjourn, they would
adjourn to meet on Monday next. I voted in the
affirmative for the purpose of moving a reconsid-
eration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether such a motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. It is certainly not debatable.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not desire to debate it.
I wish to remind the House of a single fact, that
to-morrow is objection day, and that we might
dispose of a large amount of private business.
[Loud cries of " Order!" from all parts of the
House.]
t The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect
hat such a motion as that submitted by the gen-
lleman from Virginia has ever been entertained in
Mns body, and much doubts the propriety of en-
tertaining it. If, however, the gentleman insists
upon his motion, it will be put to the House.
Mr. MILLSON. My motion was submitted
in good faith, and I should like to have a vote of
the House upon it.
Mr. MOLONY called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, demanded the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. ROBBINS called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Richardson
and McNair were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—21 in the affirmative; not one fifth of a
quorum.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put-on Mr. Cungmak's
motion, and it Was agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and on a division, there
were—ayes 60, noes 91.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred upon the motion to lay on the table the
joint resolution reported from the Committee on
Printing, on which motion tellers had been or-
dered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. That question
was taken and decided in the negative. I was one
of the tellers.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The question was put, but no quorum voted; if
there he no objection, there will now be a re-
count.
There being no objection, the tellers (Messrs.
McNair, and Harris of Tennessee) resumed
their places, and the question having been again
put, the tellers reported—ayes 52, noes 72.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
upon the table. ,
The main question was then ordered to be put;
the joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
read the third time.
The question now being, "Shall the joint reso-
lution pass?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the
negative—yeas 74, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton,Thomas H. Bayly, Bowie,Bowne,John H. Boyd,
Briggs, Burrows, Busby, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Carttcr, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Cleveland, Cling-
ma#, Conger, Darby, George T. Davis, Dockerv, Doty,
Eastman, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goodenow, Gor-
man, Grow, Harper Haven, Hebard, Henn, Hnrsford,
Thomas M. Howe, Huntef, Jackson, James Johnson, John
Johnson, Landry, Mace, McDonald, McNair, Meacham,
Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead,
Newton, Orr, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Pres- i
ton, Price, Sackett, Scbermerhom, Schoolcraft, Scudder,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abr'm P. Stephens, St. Martin, Strother, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Venable, Walsh, Washburn, Welsh, Addi-
ROn White, and Williams—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, Ashe,
Averett, Babcock, Beale, Bell. Bocock, Brenton, Albert G. "
Brown, Buell, Joseph Cable, Caskie, Clemens, Cobb, Cur-
tis, John G. Davis, Dunham, Edmund-on, Ficklin, Fitch,
Floyd, Gaylord, Green, Grey, Isham G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris,Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, How-
ard, John W. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart, Mason,
McLanahnn, McMullin, Meade,Millson, Murphy, Murray,
Nabers, Olds, Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Powell,
Reed, Riddle, Robbins, Robie, Robinson, Savage, Origan
s. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stuart, Townshend, Wal-
bridge, Wallace, Watkins, Wells, Wilcox, Wildrick, and
Woodward—77.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote just taken, by which the resolution
was rejected, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and upon a division, 46 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 renew the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. JONES. I ask if the gentleman from Ohio
did not vote in the affirmative ?
Mr. CARTTER. I did.
Mr. JONES. Then he cannot move to recon-
sider.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the consent of the
House to allow me to report from the Committee
on Ways and Means some of the regular appro-
priation bills, in order that they may be referred
i and printed during the holidays.
Mr. STANLY. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business. We shall have finished
the call of the States for petitions in fifteen minutes,
and the committees will be called for reports, so
that the gentleman from Alabama can present his
bills in the regular order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House will be very
likely to adjourn before the Committee on Ways
; and Means will be reached. I hope the gentle-
1 man will withdraw his objection.
Mr. STANLY. I will not object.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Wavg
i and Means, then presented the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
communications accompanying them, ordered to
be printed.
A bill to supply the deficiency in the appropria-
tions for the service of. the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1853;
A bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 30th, 1854;
' and
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I now call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Petitions are in order from
the Territory of Utah.
Mr. STUART. I desire—and if it be neces-
sary, I will ask the unanimous consent of the
House for that purpose—to have certain commu-
nications, now lying upon the Speaker's table,
taken up and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was aboutto ask
the indulgence of the House for that purpose.
There was no objection, and the Speaker ac-
\ cordingly laid before the House the following Ex-
ecutive communications; which were severally
read and disposed of as indicated below:
A communication from the State Department,
transmitting, agreeably to an act approved the 2d
i of March, 1779, an abstract of the returns made
, to that Department by the collectors of customs,
! pursuant to an act of the 28th May, 1796, for the
J relief and protection of American seamen, and the
! number of seamen registered in the various ports
J of entry in the United States during the year end-
ing the 30th September, 1852; which was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting estimates from the Interior
Department for the Indian service during the cur-
rent fiscal year.
