150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
ant ought to be paid his expenses. If he were com-
ing here to assert an individual claim, then he
ousjht, as f; r as expenses are concerned, to abide
by the decision of the House,and if it wereaeainst
him, pay his own expenses. But he does not
come here to assert an individual claim, but the
risrht of his constituents, and under those circum-
stances, where the contest is a bona fide one, it
seems to me that it is due to our very system of
government, so farna representation is concerned,
to adopt such a course, in this respect, that would
not put it out of the power of a poor man to con-
test his seat. But, sir, I desire to say further,
that 1 know of no case of a contestant which has
been brought before this House, where he has not
been paid. The very strongest case which ever
occurred, was the case of a personal friend and
former colleague—I mean the case of the Hon.
John M. Botts—whose claim was paid at the last
Congress. In that case, the Committee on Elec-
tions was unanimously against the contestant, and
upon solemn debate in this House, and upon the
yeas and nays, there was not a solitary member
to sustain his case, and yet, upon a contest so
emphatically repudiated as that, the American
Congress paid him his per diem and mileage.
Mr. JCVXES, of Tennessee. Will the gentle-
man from Virginia permit me to ask him if the
House, which decided so unanimously against
Mr. Botts, did not refuse to pay him the per diem
and mileage ?
Mr, BAYLY. My recollection is not certain
upon that point.
Mr. JONES. Mine is.
Mr. BAYLY. I know that his case was sub-
sequently rejected two or three times, yet it was
finally passed. I voted against Mr. Botts's case.
Mr. JENKINS. I hold in my hand the Journal
of the first session of the Twenty-ninth Congress;
and it appears that resolutions were offered for the
payment of the claims of Messrs. Ingersoll and
Taliaferro. Mr. Ingersoll being then a member
of this House, a motion was made by Mr. Hodge,
of Illinois, to lay these resolutions upon the table,
and they were laid upon the table by a vote ofll4 '
to 39, there then being a Democratic majority of
about fifty in the House.
Mr. BAYLY. I am perfectly aware that this
ease has been heretofore laid on the table; butvphy
make Mr. Ingersoll a scape-goat from the uni-
versal practice of thia House ? You -voted yester-
day a part of the claim of Mr. Taliaferro, of forty
years standing. Mr. Ingersoll came here and con-
tested his seat, because he had a commission of the
Governor. And why make him an exception ?
Equality is equity.
Mr. AVERETT, (by leave interrupting.) I
know that my colleague is well informed in regard
to Congressional action in cases of contested elec-
tions. I will interrupt him but for a moment to
inquire, when and in what case Congress first
agreed to pay mileage and per diem to claimants to
seats on this floor, decided not to be duly elected;
and why Congress at the time, in full possession
of all the facts, failed to make the allowances now
asked in those antiquated cases?
Mr. BAYLY. I do not recollect. I renew the
call for the previous question, made by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Ashe.]
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to lay
this resolution upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I make that motion,.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that.
Mr. ASHE. I ask for tellers upon the yeaa and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNair, and
Campbell of Illinois, appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 15, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to. '
So the House adjourned until Mondav next at
twelve o'clock, m.
h
j resolution requiring the President of the United States to
cause an immediate survey of the most feasible passes in
the Rocky and Sierra Nevada Mountains for the construc-
tion of a railway from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific
ocean.
He also gave notice that on to-morrow, or some subse-
quent day, he would ask leave to introduce a bill to grant
alternate sections of public Jand to aid in the construction
of certain railways 111 the State of Mississippi.
PETITIONS, &c. i
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. HI BBARD : The petition of Bela Young, of Lis-
bon, New Hampshire, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for an increase of pension.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Moses D. Hogan,
praying for compensation for property' belonging to him de- |
stroyed by the Sioux Indians. I
By Mr. ALLISON: The remonstrance of A. W. Towns- j
end and 78 others, citizens of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, i
against an appropriation of certain moneys in aid of the
Colonization Society. * |
By Mr. F ULLER, ofMaine: The memorial of John Young J
and 60 others, praying Congress to make an appropriation i
for a breakwater on the Island of Martinicus.
By Mr. BERVHISEL: The memorial of the Governor
and Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, pray
ing Congress to detach one or more of the Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers to make a tnanguiation or geodetic
survey of the southern portion of that Territory.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of John P. Arnot, W. H.
Blodgett, B. S. Doty, and 108 other citizens of Green Bay,
asking an amendment to the act granting the " swamp
lands " in the State of Wisconsin to that State, aud also
making a grant of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Green Bay to Prairie du Chien, along the valleys
of the Neenah and Wisconsin rivers.
By Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee: The petition of
Zebuion Alpbin, asking for a pension for revolutionary ser-
vices.
IN SENATE.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. FREEMAN gave notice that oil to-morrow, or some
fubseqaent day, be would ask leave to introduce a joint
Mondat, December 27, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating a statement of the appropriations for the
War Department for the fiscal year 1851 and 1852;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating a statement of the receipts and
expenditures on account of the Navy pension fund
for the year ending September 30,1852; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SfiWARD submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of Hugh W. Dobbin;
which, with the papers on the files of the Senate
respecting the said claim, were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of Joseph Mitchell; which,
with the papers on the files of the Senate respect-
ing the said claim, were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire also to present the
memorial of Elijah L. Hamlin, mayor of the city
of Bangor, Maine, and some 300 or 400 other
persons asking for the passage of the bill from the
House of Representatives, now before the Senate,
entitled " An act making grants of land to aid in
the construction of railroads, and for other purpo-
ses," by which a portion of the public lands may
be granted to each of the States. I believe that
the subject has been reported on, and therefore I
ask that the memorial lie on the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of West Bloomfield, New York, praying the
adoption of measures for the amicable settlement
of international difficulties; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to present a memo-
rial on the necessity, the importance, and the prac-
ticability of constructing a railroad from the Mis-
sissippi river to*the Pacific ocean. This is a me-
morial, Mr. President, which has been prepared
by a committee appointed at a railroad convention,
held at Little Rock, Arkansas, on the 4th of July
last, consisting of delegates from the several States
of Tennessee, Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas.
The committee has prepared this memorial under
instruction from the convention, and I have re-
ceived a copy of it, with a request to present it to
the Senate. As the subject is now before the Sen-
ate, and as they declined, the otlier day, to refer
it to a committee, I move that the memorial be
laid on the table and printed.
I The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER submitted an additional docu-
ment in relation to the claim of the heirs of John
De Treville; which, with their petition on the files
of the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CASS submitted documents in favor of a
grant of land for the construction of a railroad
from Pontiac, by the way of Flint to Marqyette
bay, and from Manitowoc to Kewana Point,
with branches to Iron bay and Ontonagon; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the memorial of William
Alexander, praying for a register for the barque
May, of Baltimore, ask to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof. I desire to say
that the general lawpassed by Congress meets pre-
cisely this case.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Edwin
James, senior, and Edwin James, junior, praying
indemnity for losses sustained in consequence of
the illegal suspension, and subsequent abrogation,
by the Surveyor General, of their contracts for
surveying certain public lands in Illinois and Mis-
souri, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives, " authorizing certain soldiers of the late
war with Great Britain to surrender the bounty
lands drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu
thereof," reported it without amendment.
RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That tbe Committee on Public Lands be in
strutted to inquire into the expediency of making a grant of
alternate sections of public land, towards the construction
of a railroad from Pontiac, by the way of Flint, to Mar-
quette bay, in tbe county of Mason, State of Michigan, and
from Manitowoc, in the State of Wisconsin, to Kewana
Point, upon Lake Superior, with branches to Iron bay and
to Ontonagon.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Rexolvrd, That the Select Committee appointed to inves-
tigate tbe charges against J. R. Bartlett, Commissioner to
run and mark the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, be authorized to employ a clerk.
BROWN, RUSSELL AND CO.
On motion'by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate proceed-
ed to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill for the relief of Brown, Russell & Co. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to ascertain,from such competent evidence as may
be submitted to him, the amount of actual loss or
damage sustained by the late firm of Brown, Rus-
sell & Co., who were engaged in transporting sup-
plies for the army in New Mexico under a con-
tract made in September, 1850, in their efforts to
comply with the orders or requirements of the mil-
itary officers of the United States, and to pay the
amount thus ascertained, to William H. Russell
and John S. Jones, surviving partners of that
firm, provided the sum shall not exceed §20,000.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose that the bill has
been reported by one of the standing committees
of the Senate, but I desire to inquire why that
restriction is imposed upon it. If this be an hon-
est claim, I think it should be paid to the utter-
most farthing, and I do not, therefore, perceive
why the committee, in reporting the bill, should
fix the limitation which it contains, on the audit-
ing officers, because, as I affirmed before, if it
be a just claim, every cent of it should be paid.
Whatever damages tne parties did sustain in con-
sequence of their contract with the Government
officers, the Government should pay, if the claim
be just; and, unless there be some good reason
assigned to the contrary, I shall move to strike
out the limitation on the amount.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 do not recollect any good
reason for the proviso which is inserted, unless
that, in the opinion of the committee, upon the
evidence before them, the just claim could not ex-
ceed thatamount. They were, therefore, disposed
