1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
to iimit the officers to a sum which, in their opin- |
ion, from the tes.imony in the case, would cover |
the am nint of loss for which the Government was
Iiai'le. I am satisfied th.it this claim is a most
meritorious one. The facts are briefly these:
These men were old contractors. They took this
contract at a late period of the Beason, in conse-
quence of the confidence of the Government in
their ability to execute it, when no other men
would undertake it. They succeeded in trans-
porting provisions necessary lor the supply of the
Government troops, until they reached a point not
f:ir distant from Santa Fe, when a snow-storm
came on, and they were compelled to stop. The
officers of the Government gave express orders
that they should move forward, notwithstanding
the difficulties interposed by the snow-storm; and
in obeying the orders of the Government, and sup-
aing its troops, they sustained a very heavy loss,
ich, u is most clear from the evidence, they
would not have sustained but for this order. They
had in their contract secured the right of delay, if
they should think proper to exercise it; but the
order was an imperious one, from the officer in
coffimand, and they believed it incumbent on them
to execute it. In fulfilling that order, and in re-
lieving the actual wants of the troops, they sus-
tained this heavy,and to them ruinous, loss. The
committee were of opinion that the losses sustained
in consequence of obeying the order under such
circumstances, should be made up to them by the
Government. Still the committee were of opinion
that the loss should not be estimated to exceed
400,000. I have no great choice as to whether the
limitation be stricken out or not, but the opinion
of the committee, from the testimony before them,
was that the limitation was a proper one.
Mr. WELLER. I shall not persist in my mo-
tion under the statement which has just been made
by my friend from Mississippi, because if the
committee who were charged with the investiga-
tion of the subject, were satisfied that the damages
ought not to exceed $20,000,1 concede that it is
proper to impose that limitation. I do not, there-
fore, make any motion to strike out the amount.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Claims, and it was ac-
cordingly read. From that report it appears that
Josepli Clymer was the regular contractor for trans-
porting public stores between Fort Leavenworth
and Santa Fe, for the year 1850, and by the terms
of his contract, he could not be required to start
trains later than the 1st of September. The failure !
of an attempt to send stores to Santa Fe, by way |
of Texas, and an increase in the forces of New :
Mexico, rendered it necessary to send a large
amount of stores over the Fort Leavenworth route
after the 1st of September. There was no time at
that season to issue proposals; but the assistant
quartermaster made direct application to the most
energetic and experienced contractors, to under-
take the transportation. He found it impossible
to obtain contracts at any price for the entire
route; but Brown, Russell & Co., undertook to
transport six hundred and eighty-four thousand
eight hundred and thirty-four pounds. They en-
tered upon the service with energy, and put their
trains in motion with the utmost practicable dis-
patch. About the 35th of November, they reached
San Jose, which is forty-five miles from Santa
Fe, where they were arrested by a snow-storm
of unusual severity. "Mr. Brown, the senior part-
ner, proceeded to Santa Fe, to consult the mili-
tary officers. He reached that city in a state of
great debility, and in a few days died. As he
aid not return, Mr. Jones, an agent of the com-
pany, proceeded to Santa Fc, and, on his arri-
val there, was told by the officer in command,
that the stores must be brought in immediately,
and that if they could not do it, he would send for
the stores, ana have them brought in at the ex-
peose of the contractors. In this emergency, Mr.
Jones felt himself bound, at all hazards, to comply
with the requirements of the military officers of
the United States, and accordingly ordered the
trains to be put in motion, and, after great fatigue
and suffering, and the loss, by cold and want of
forage, of a large portion of the animals, the con-
tractors succeeded in delivering the whole of the
public property at Santa Fe, early in December.
The Committee think the case is one of unusual '
hardship, and therefore recommend the passage
of a bill, to pay the actual amount of loss sus-
tained.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to interpose, any
objection to this bill, but it really seems to me that
it is introducing a new principle, and a very dan-
gerous one. If the principle which seems to be
established in the bill is to be followed up, I ven-
ture to say that millions ot dollars will not pay
the claims that will be brought against the Treas-
ury. If you sanction the principle that when
contractors, influenced by an honest desire to ful-
fill their contracts, sustain losses, they are to be
reimbursed, we shall be overflowed with applica-
tions. The country is full of such cases; and I un-
derstand that to be the principle of this bill.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire misapprehends, I think, the circumstances
of the case. If he had listened to the reading of
the report, he would have ascertained that this
bill does not rest upon the principle which he im-
agines. These men, according to the statement
of the report, and according to the testimony,'made
a contract to deliver a certain amount of provisions
in New Mexico. They had the means necessary
to do that. The enterprise required a large amount
of capital. They proceeded to fulfill their con-
tract, and In going towards Santa Fe, they were
overtaken by a snow-storm, which is of frequent
occurrence in that section, of country, and, as a
matter of course, they stopped to tak« care of their
animals. It would, perhaps, be well to explain,
that in the prairie country, sudden snow-storms
are apt to blow up, and the consequence is, that
if the cattle remain upon the prairie exposed to
the storm, they die. A great many trains have
lost all their cattle by their exposure to such
storms. When a storm approaches—and travel-
era generally understand it, and these men did per-
fectly—persons endeavor to reach some place
where there is timber, or some cove in the moun-
tains, and they remain there until the storm is
over, and thus save their teams. These men could
have done that; they could have taken the usual
course to preserve their teams, and still have com-
plied with their contract, because that did not re-
quire them to deliver the stores at Santa Fe at any
particular time. But imagining that the troops
might need supplies, they sent on one of their
company to Santa Fe. As soon as he arrived
there, the officers of the Government issued orders
for them to come on, and bring the supplies at all
hazards. As I understand the reading of the re-
port, the person who first went on, took sick and
died at Santa Fe. These men, in attempting to
comply, not with the contract, but with the orders
of the officers of the Government, lost the princi-
pal portion of their teams, and the damage, for
which they ask payment, was a consequence, not
of a failure, or of an inability on their part to
comply with the contract, but of their going be-
yond the contract, and complying with tne orders
of the officers of the United States at Santa Fe.
That, as I understand it, is the principle involved
in this case.
Mr. ADAMS. I will only add a single word
of explanation. The parties, by their contract, had
a right to stop at the time they did, and save their
property. But the troops in Santa Fe were suf-
fering for want of provisions, and the officers in
command issued an imperious order, requiring
these parties to come on at all hazards through
the snow; and in a'tempting to execute that order
they did go on, and lost all their cattle; but still
they supplied the wants of the army according to
the contract. It is for complying with the order
of the Government officers that this bill provides
payment. It involvs no new principle at all.
Mr. CHARLTON. The question seems to me
to turn on the point just stated by the Senators
from Texas and from Mississippi, whether these
parties contracted to deliver within a certain time;
because the whole of the merits of their case
would depend upon the answer to that question.
If they merely contracted to carry these articles
to Santa Fe, and had their own time within which
to do it, unquestionably they had a right to stop;
and if they were ordered on, it would be estab-
lishing no new principle, but it would be a clear
duty of the Government to pay them. But if they
contracted to deliver the articles within a certain
time, it was their duty to press on. Now, I do
not recollect that, in anything which I have seen in
thepapers, it is stated whether they were compelled
to deliver the articles within a certain time or not.
Mr. WELLER. There was no specific time.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There was no limitation
as to time at all.
Mr. CHARLTON. If there was no specifica-
tion as to the time within which the articles should
be delivered, the case seems to me to be perfectly
clear.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CENSUS OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to suggest to the
Chair and the Senate the propriety of taking up
the Private Calendar, if we intend to consider pri-
vate bills to-day . If there is no great public ques-
tion to be considered, and we are to take up pri-
vate bills, I think we should pursue that course.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a moment, to enable me to
offer a resolution.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be required
to append the census returns or the State of Calilornia,
rnnde by that State, lo the report thereof now in course of
preparation at the Census Office.
It is well known that the census of California
taken by the United States officers was very de-
fective. The State, subsequently to the time when
it was taken, ordered the taking of another. All
that I want is to have the returns taken by the
Stateappended to those taken by theUnited States
officers, so as to give an idea of the population of
the State. I hope the resolution will be consid-
ered now.
Mr. CASS. It is two and a half years since
the census was taken, and I desire to inquire
whether it is ever to be printed; for if it is not, it
is not worth while to pass this resolution.
Mr. GWIN. That is a question which I can
not answer. But if that census is to be printed, I
should like to have the returns obtained by the
State of California appended to those obtained by
the officers of the United States in that State, which
were inaccurate.
Mr. CASS. I am afraid the next decade will
be upon vis before this census is printed.
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot very definitely an-
swer the question of the Senator from Michigan.
I wish the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard]
were in his seat. He is chairman of the special
committee appointed by the Senate to consider the
subject of printing the census, and could perhaps
answer the question better than I can. I will,
however, say to the Senator from Michigan, and
to the Senate, that before either House of Con-
gress can determine upon printing the census re-
turns, they will have to determine—the law makes
it necessary—what they will print. That ques-
tion was referred to a committee at the last session,
and was reported back, and is now before the Sen-
ate for its action. Whether the census returns
are in a state of preparation for printing, I do not
know. We are told by the report from the De-
partment that they are, in great part, I think, pre-
pared ; but whether the Senate and the other House
will agree to print precisely what is sent in as the
census returns, ana in the form in which it is sent,
! is another question. That remains to be deter-
mined, and the question can be called up at any
time, when the Senate think proper to consider it,
and acted upon.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not see very well how the
Senator from California will be likely to accom-
plish his object. It seems to me that it is rather out
of the province of the Senate to give an order to
j append to the census, when it is printed, a par-
  ticular paper, or any particular statement. It
rather belongs to Congress. If such a direction
' is given, it is to be given to those who have the
subject in charge, and it must be done by a joint
i resolution. I do not see how the Senate can very
well, in consistency with its own dignity and
power, pass such a resolution as is now before us.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to put it in the form
of a joint resolution. We have already legislated
upon this subject. The census returns of Cali-
fornia, taken by the United States officers, only
show a population of ninety-one thousand or
ninety-two thousand. That census was so noto-
riously incorrect that Congress passed a law allow-
ing two Representatives to the State on the ground
that it was not correctly taken. So incorrectly
was it taken that it was not regarded by the State
