154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
It was before us at the last session; and it was
then postponed time and again, because the Senate
•were unwilling to consider it. It was one of those
bills which came up once or twice on those Fri-
days when private bills coald not be discussed,
and it was laid over because there were Senators
■who intended to discuss it at length. It comes up
in the absence «f those Senators who are best in-
formed upon it. It comes up in the absence of a
Senator who stated to the Senate formally that he
intended to discuss it at length.
Ifthis were an ordinary case, involving only the
amount of money to be paid, it would not be of so
much importance to lay it over, because the mere
payment of the money would not be a matter of
very great consideration; but this bill involves a
very important principle. It involves this ques-
tion: Whether we shallf for the benefit of a single
individual, or a single company, repeal our whole
tariff system, and make it operate in favor of one
firm, or of one individual, and enforce its provis-
ions, onerous as they may be, on others standing !
on precisely the same footing, as commercial men.
In this case, goods were ordered under one rate of
duties, and they were introduced under another,
and a higher rate. Now, the persons who ordered
them come forward and ask us, to do what? To
refund to them the higher rate of duty which they
had to pay, or, in other words, to pay them the dif-
ference between what they actually made on the
foods, and what they might have made if they
ad introduced them a year or two sooner. As I
suggested on a former occasion when this subject
was up, if it be right to pay to merchants the profits^,
which they might have made upon an importation,
if it had been brought in under a low rate of du-
ties, it would be also proper to reverse the thing,
and to say, that when we reduce the duties, we
should make merchants, who had ordered goods
under a previous higher tariff, and introduced them
under the lower tariff, refund to the Government
the difference between what they did make, and
what they might have lost under the higher rate.
As I said before, this is partial legislation. It is
repealing the whole tariff system for the benefit of
a single firm. 
Mr. PRATT. If my friend from Arkansas
is correct in stating that the principle which he
has announced is that involved in this bill, I ap-
prehend that the Senators present are fully, as
competent as the universal attendance of the Sen-
ate would be to decide upon it. There is no doubt
that if the Senator is rignt as to what is the prin-
ciple involved in the bill, it would be rejected by
an almost unanimous vote of the Senate. There
is, therefore, I apprehend, no reason to postpone
its consideration. , I do not see any use in taking
up the Private Calendar, if every bill which is
reached is to be postponed because some Senator
is absent who may desire to speak upon it. It is
a very plain proposition, that if the Senator be !
right in regard to the principle really involved in j
the bill, it is one about which we who are here !
will not differ; for certainly we will reject the bill,
for nearly every one will vote against it. There
can be no reason, therefore, for its postponement.
A postponement is equivalent to a rejection of a
bill, and I think we are as competent to decide
upon the principle which the Senator says is
really involved in it, as if every member of the
Senate were here. I do not see any use in post-
Jioning it. Let us go on regularly with the
calendar. By so doing we can accomplish a great
deal of good, and will evince to the country at
any rate, a desire to do justice to claimants against
the Government, who nave been for years press-
ing upon us to have their cases decided. I do
hope that the Senate will occupy their time in
considering the bills as they are on the calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe this bill was reported
from the Committee on Commerce by the Senator
from New York. If I am right in my recollec-
tion, I was opposed to that report being made. I
would ask the Senator from New York, if I did
not vote against the bill in the committee?
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable chairman is
not exactly accurate in his recollection. He as-
sented to the report being made, but reserved the
right to examine the case, and yote against the bill
if he should think proper.
Mr. HAMLIN. My impression is that I with-
held my approval. At any rate, I intend now to
vote against the bill. That was the opinion which
I held in the committee, and that is my opinion
now; but I think it is the duty of the Senate to
act upon the bill, and to act upon it at this time.
If the course suggested by my friend from Penn-
sylvania is to be taken in relation to this case,
upon the suggestion thatan honorableSenator who
i desires to oppose it is absent, then when the next
bill is reached, some other Senator may rise and
suggest to the Senate, that another Senator opposed
to that bill is absent, and so you may go through
your calendar, and not get a single case consid-
ered except those to which there is no objection.
Now let us act upon this bill, and let us take up
our calendar, and go through it, as the Senator
from Maryland suggests.
Let me make one other suggestion. There can
be no possible harm growing out of an affirmative
vote of the Senate on this bill, because no bill of
this character that passes the Senate, which has
not already received the sanction of the House,
will be reached by the House during this session.
It is really, therefore, a matter of no importance.
If I could have my way, I would confine the ac-
tion of the Senate to House bills alone, because,
by doing that, you would act definitively on as
many matters as you could settle; and, in my
judgment, if you were to pass every private bill
on your calendar which luis originated with the
committees of this body, and were to send them
to the House this day, there would not be a single
one of them reached there during this session.
Why, look at their calendar; it is now so large
that it is a moral impossibility for them to dispose
of probably one half of the bills that will come
before them, during this session.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall not certainly, on the
motion to postpone, enter upon the discussion of
the merits of the bill; though I shall, if I think it
necessary,do so, iftheSenateiletermineto proceed
with this order of business, and keep their atten-
tion confined to this bill until it shall be disposed
of. I content myself on the present occasion, with
asking a division of the Senate on this motion.
Mr. BORLAND. Before a vote is taken, I de-
sire to say this: I have no doubt in my own mind
that the principle which I suggested is involved in
this bill; but I do not feel prepared, particularly at
this time, to undertake to show that to the Senate,
as clearly as I think it might be shown, and as I
think it would be shown, if other Senators, who
take the same view of it as myself, were present.
For that reason, I am desirous that it shooldtte
discussed by those more familiar with it, and better
prepared to present its real character. There is a
peculiar propriety in postponing this bill, on ac-
count of the absence of the Senator from Virginia,
who has announced to the Senate his intention to
discuss it, and who certainly could not have ex-
pected it to have come up to-day. Heis the chair-
man of our Committee on Finance, and it has been
made his special duty, as such, to consider such
questions as this. He has given special attention
to the matter, and he is prepared to go into it at
length, and I believe he can show conclusively to
the satisfaction of the Senate, that the bill ought
not to pass. And for that reason, I hope it will
be postponed until he shall come back. Perhaps
the absence of any other Senator might not require
such a proceeding; but the position of the Senator
from Virginia, as chairman of the Committee on
Finance, would seem to require it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If we are to have a division
of the Senate at this time, I think it will lead to an
adjournment, because there is no quorum present.
My object in proposing to the Senate to consider
private bills, was to dispose of those to which thye
was no serious objection. In view of the fact that
there were so many Senators absent, I supposed
that we might proceed to consider small pension
bills, and cases involving no important principle
and very little money. I hope, therefore, that this
bill will be postponed, and that we will proceed
and consider those bills to which there is no serious
objection.
The Senate having divided on the motion to
postpone, there were—ayes 11, noes IS; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to submit amotion
that the Senate proceed to the. consideration of
Executive business. If we find ourselves without
a quorum in Executive session, we can then ad-
journ.
Mr. HALE. I move the Senate do n*w adjourn.
The question being taken, thers were, on a di-
vision—ayes 5, noes 17; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would inquire of the Chair,
if it is necessary that a quorum should vote on a
question of adjournment?
The PRESI DENT. No, sir; it is not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I would inquire if my
motion to proceed to the consideration of Exec-
utive business is not in order?
The PRESIDENT. It is not, because a bill is
under consideration, and also because there is not
a quorum present to entertain such a motion.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire if anythingis in
order, except silent contemplation on this state of
affairs ? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. Business cannot b  pro-
ceeded with in the absence of a quorum.
Mr. ADAMS. I would suggest the propriety
of a call of the House.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to ask unanimous
consent, a quorum being presumed to be present,
to consider a small pension bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I am obliged to withhold my
consent; and I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 12, noes 11; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 27, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The J oumal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
is the consideration of a motion made by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] to suspend
the rules, that the following resolution may be in-
troduced :
Resolved, That there be paid to Francis H. Smith, out of
the contingent fund of the House, one hundred and fifty
dollars, for his services in reporting the evidence taken be-
fore the Committee on the Judieiary, relative to the charges
against the Hon. John C. Watrous, district judge for the
district of Texas.
Mr. MACE. I expect to be absent from the city
for about eight or ten days, and would ask the in-
dulgence of the House, for leave to present a few
resorts from the Committee on Claims, that they
may be referred and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. All the members
of every committee have reports to make, but are
not afforded the opportunity; and I shall object to
any report from any committee out of its order.
[Cries of " That is right!" <' That is right!"]
Mr. MACE. I move a suspension of the rules,
that I mav be enabled to submit the reports to which
I have alluded.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion to sus-
pend the rules must be first disposed of.
THE GEORGIAWA AND THE SUSAN LOUD.
Mr. SMART. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House, for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this body, if not incompatible with the public inter-
est, what measures (if any) have been taken, since the 97th
day of January, 1853, for the indemnification, by the Span-
ish Government, of the captains, owners, and crews of
the barque Georgiana and brig Susan .Loud, in conse-
quence of the capture and confiscation of said barque and
brig by the Spanish authorities.
Mr. HARRIS. I object to the introduction of
the resolution, and call for the consideration ofthe
motion to suspend the rules, submitted by me on
last Monday.
Mr. SMART. I would appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection, as this is a reso-
lution merely asking for information on a subject
of importance to my constituents.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw my objection.
The question was taken and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. SMART. I thank the gentleman for his
kindness. [Mr. S. handed his remarks upon the
above resolution to the Reporter, which are pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the reso-
lution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I call fbr the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the con-
sideration of the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Harris] to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing the resolution which
has already been read by the Clerk.
