158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
New York, praying Hie remission of certain duties charged
upon certain articles of church service, imported and used
in the churches of St. Bernard and St. Mores, ill said dio-
cew.
By Mr. ABERCROMBIF.: The petition of Susannah T.
Thornton, praying for relief on account of the revolutionary
services of her" father, William McMasters.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of E. Button and 58 other
citizens of Milwaukee, for a grant of alternate sections of
land in aid of the construction of the Lake Shore railroad,
from Chicago by Waukegan, Kenosha, Kacine, Milwaukee,
Ozankee, Sheboygan, Manitowoc, and Green Bay, to Lake
Superior.
Also, tha petition of Peter Martin and other citizens of
Kenosha, in favor of said grant.
Also, of Phineas M. Johnson and 166 other citizens of
Grafton, in favor of said road.
IN SENATE.
Tcksdat, December 28, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. MORTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Madison Court-House
to Clay Landing, in that Stifle; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida
in favor of a grant of land for the purpose of es-
tablishing a county site in Levy county; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of William B. Scott, late
Navy agent of the Washington City station, pray-
ing the settlement of his accounts upon principles
of equity and justice; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD submitted additional documents
in relation to the extension of Uri Emmons's pat-
ent for a cylindrical planing machine; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Catharine
Clark, praying to be allowed the amount of pen-
sion due her husband at the time of his death;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of John F. Webb, praying that the children of
John Webb, deceased, may be paid the amount
of pension their father would have received under
the act of 15th May, 1828, had he lived until that
time; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
_ Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of Wil-
liam H. Henderson, for himself and the heirs of
Robert Henderson, praying the relinquishment to
them of the title of the United States to a tract of
land within the Bastrop grant; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CASS submitted a document in favor of
the removal of the land office from Flint to Saga-
naw City, in the State of Michigan; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
STANLEY'S INDIAN PORTRAITS.
_ Mr. WELLER. I. desire to present the peti-
tion of John F. Stanley, of the State of New York.
I do not know that I can state the object of the
petition in a better manner than by reading the
memorial itself. He states that he is the owner
of a gallery of Indian pictures now in the Smith-
sonian Institution, which have been exhibited there
for the year past; and that he desires to dispose of
the same to the Government of the United States,
in order that they may be kept together, and pre-
served as mementoes of the race which inhabited
this country before the arrival of our ancestors.
The collection consists of one hundred and fifty-
four paintings, of which one hundred and forty
are portraits of chiefs and persons of distinction,
among forty-two different tribes living in the In-
dian territory west of the Mississippi, Texas, the
great Western plains, New Mexico, Utah, and
Oregon. The remainder represent scenes and in-
cidents in Indian life, landscapes in their country, i
councils, and other prominent events in our rela- !
tions with them. The memorialist has devoted I
ten years of his life to the formation of this gallery,
nearly the whole of which period has been passed
by him in those remote regions where the nature
and habits of the Indians are found in their great-
est purity and originality, because least modified
by intercourse with the conquerors of their land.
He has beheld them silently retreating or melting
away from before the face of civilization, like ex-
halations from the sunlight, and he conceived the
ambition of illustrating their fading history by the
pencil and the canvas. Ha resolved to employ
I his opportunities, and the humble talent which he
possessed, in rescuing at least the lineaments of
this people from oblivion. These ancient pos-
sessors of the land are fast disappearing, and a few
generations hence our descendants will have noth-
ing, except such memorials, to remind them of the
former existence of a race, which has made per-
haps a more gallant and prolonged defense of their
independence, than any recorded in the wide-
spread annals of warfare between savage and civ-
ilized men. Destiny and our immeasurable supe-
riority have made us lords of th  magnificent
country which was once their own—does not jus-
tice to their memory demand of us that we assign
to them a niche in its history? In addition to the
time and labor bestowed upon the work, the me-
morialist has expended $12,000 in money, and has
made sacrifices, and encountered hardships and
privations, for which money can make no com-
pensation. One hundred and thirty-nine of the
pictures are in substantial gilded frames, and the
others will be placed in a suitable condition for
preservation. That the great object of his labors
may be fully accomplished, he desires to place his
works in the custody of the nation, that thereby
the types of different Indian families may be pre-
served together for comparison and study by the
ethnologist and historian, and that the chiefs of
the tribes who, from time to time, may visit the
national capital, may see in the preservation of
the forms of their departed great men, a proof of
the paternal attachment of the Government fortheir
race.
The memorialist presents certificates from nu-
merous gentlemen in whose presence most of the
pictures were painted, officers high in the civil
service of the Government, in the Army and Navy,
and in the employment of the Hudson's Bay
Company, all of whom attest their fidelity to life |
and nature. Appended is a selection from these
testimonials, which, by permission of the writers,
the memorialist is authorized to embody in this
representation. The Smithsonian Institution has
evinced its appreciation of these paintings by pre-
paring and printing, at its own expense, a descrip-
tive catalogue of them, which will be ready for
distribution in the course of the present month. 1
Copies of this catalogue will be placed in the hands
of members of Congress.
I move that this memorial be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. I was somewhat
at a loss to know which was the proper committee
to whom to refer the petition; I have, however,
concluded to give it the reference which I have
named, and I trust it will meet with their favorable
consideration and action. This Government has
expended large sums of money in procuri ng statues
, of our great men, and obtaining paintings of
some of the most important events of our history;
and I-know no better object, in that respect, for
which the public money can be expended, than for
the purpose of preserving portraits of those peo-
ple. There are certificates of several distinguished
gentlemen who were familiar with the Indian chiefs
whose portraits have been painted by Mr. Stan-
ley, appended to this memorial? and they all attest
the faithfulness of the paintings. I hope the me-
morial will meet with the favorable consideration
of the committee.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Thwiphilus garden brook, praying a pension for
sufferings undergone during the war of 1812, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
thereof, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of John W. Phillips, praying
indemnity for a vessel destroyed by the United
States troops during the late war with Mexico,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John P. McEIderry,
praying compensation for two months' services as
a clerk in the Bureau of Yards and Doeks, submit-
te£.a report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed,
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
| to which was referred the petition of Joseph Clem-
'■ ents, Charles L. Mass, and William K. Caton,
praying remuneration for being deprived, under an
Indian treaty, of certain land upon which they
were digging gold, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John Bronson, pray-
ing payment for goods lost and destroyed by the
enemy on the Niagara frontier, during the last war,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill, making further
provisions against counterfeiting the current coin
of the United States, or passing the same.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the relief of the workingmen on the addition
to the Capitol; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
BRITISH COLONY IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Retained, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, as far as may be compatible with the
public interest, any information in the Department of State
respecting the establishment of anew British colony in Cen-
tral America, together with the copy of a proclamation, if
received at the said Department, issued by the British au-
thorities at the Balize, July 17,1852, announcing that" her
' most gracious Majesty, our Queen, has been pleased to
' constitute, and make the Islands of Roatan, Bonacca,
' Utilla, Barbarat, Helena, and Morat, to be a colony, to be
< known and designated as the colon/of the Bay of Isl-
' ands," and signed—
" By command of Her Majesty's Superintendent,
" AUGUSTUS FRED. GORE,
" Colonial Secretary."
And also, what measures, if any, have been taken by the
Executive to prevent the violation of that article of the
treaty of Washington of July 4, 1850, between the United
States and Great Britain, which provides that neither party
shall " occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume dominion
over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any
part of Central America."
AVERT DOWNER.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I have never
asked the indulgence of the Senate to take up any
| business whatever out of its order, but I desire to
ask it this morning, to take up and consider a bill
granting a pension to Dr. Avery Downer. He
was a surgeon's mate for the period of seven
months in the war of the Revolution; and he
would fall within the law authorizing pensions to
be granted, but for the fact that a portion of his
service was not under any military order, as held
at the Pension Office. At the massacre of Groton
Heights, he was left in the charge of forty wounded
soldiers, and he continued to take charge of them
during the period I have mentioned. He would
have been entitled to a pension had it not been
for the circumstance that there was no military
order. He is now ninety years old. The bill
grants him a pension for life at the rate of #140
per annum, commencing on the 4th of March,
1852. I am apprehensive that he will not live
until this bill can be passed. It passed through
the House of Representatives, ana was defeated
in the Senate a few years ago. It has now re-
ceived the sanction of the committee of the Sen-
ate, and, as far as I know, there is no opposition
to it in any quarter. I ask therefore, in behalf of
this old gentleman, that the bill may be taken up
and passed at this time.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill "grant-
ing a pension to Avery Downer," was read a
second time and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
that Avery Downer, a surgeon's mate in the revo-
lutionary service, be placed on the roll of revolu-
tionary pensioners, at the rate of $140 per annum,
commencing March 4, 1852, and to continue du-
ring his natural life.
On the request of Mr. Hale, the report of the
Committee on Pensions was read, from which it
appears that they adopt the report made by the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims of the House
of Representatives, on the 7th ofFebruary, 1650.
It states that the petitioner was born in the town
of Preston, Connecticut, November 17th, 1762;
that he was enrolled in the 8th regiment of the
