162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
ceived but shall remain until the committees are regularly
called 'under the rule of thi-J House: Provided, That 110
bill reported under this resolution shall be put upon its pas-
sage, unless by unanimous consent of the House."
LOSSES BT FIRE.
Mr. HART. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Retoltxd, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Cmou be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill of the House, No. 138, upon the calendar, being
a bill <- to remit the duties upon certain floods destroyed
by fire in the city of New York," and that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. A motion for a call of the
House is not in order, the previous question having
been ordered upon the adoption of the resolution
offered on yesterday by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Harris.] If there be no objection,
the question is upon the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We must have a
quorum before we can do business. There
evidently no quorum now.
Mr. GAYLORD. The vote on this resolution
will show whether there is a quorum present.
Mr. DEAN. With that view I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allen, of
Illinois, and Gatlord were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether it would not be in order, pending the
consideration of this resolution, to move a call of
the House ? The resolution of my colleague, [Mr.
Harris,] upon which the main question has been
ordered, is not now before the House, and it is
the opinion of the Speaker, which is no doubt
correct, that when that resolution comes up we
cannot have a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that under
the peculiar circumstances of the case it would be
competent to move a call of the House.
Mr. JONES. Then, in order to know whether
there is a quorum present, and to relieve ourselves
from that difficulty—as we cannot have a call
when the other resolution comes up—I move that
there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called, and 124 gentlemen
answered to their names.
Mr. HART. A. quorum being present, I move
that all further proceedings in the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Hart.
Mr. ORR. £ wish to inquire of the gentleman !
from New York [Mr. Hart] if this bill has not 1
already been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and reported upon by that committee, and
their report referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ? If so, why is it pro-
posed bow to take the bill from the Committee of
the Whole and refer it back to the Committee on
Commerce?
Mr. HART. I will state, for the information of
the gentleman from South Carolina, that since this
bill was reported, other claims of the same char-
acter hare been presented to the House and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. The ob-
ject is to refer the report back to the Committee
on Commerce, in order that that committee may '
report upon the whole of these cases.
Mr, ORR Is it proposed by the gentleman
from New York, that the Committee on Com- j
merce shall report this bill back again, and put it i
upon its passage, and thus give it advantage over j
other bills? Is that the object'
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I will state, I
for the information of the gentlemait from South 1
Carolina, with the permission of the Chair and of '
the House, that this bill was reported at ait tiariv '
period during the last session. It is precisely the 1
same bill that was passed by this House for the :
relief of the sufferere by the great fire in the city 1
of New York, in 1835, and which passed without
may opposition. The bill went upon the calendar
at our last sesston, and has never been reached.
It makes an appropriation, and therefore had toeo
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of tie.
Union, and take its place upon the calendar.
Since that time, petitions have come before the
committee, in reference to the sufferers by large
fires in California, in the city of San Francisco,
and it is the opinion of the committee that they
should be put upon the same footing as the suffer-
ers by the large fire in New York, in 1835. For
the purpose of putting them upon the same foot-
ing and in the same bill, the committee desire that
the bill may be referred back to them; and when
| they shall have an opportunity to report upon all
: the claims, it is their intention to ask the immedi-
ate action of the House upon the subject. The
, California claims have not yet been reported
: upon.
Mr. ORR. I do not see any necessary connec-
tion between the losses sustained by fire by the
merchants in New York and those sustained by
persons in San Francisco.
Mr. HART. I rise to a question of order.
The House was dividing when the gentleman
from South Carolina rose. 1 submit that it is not
in order fcr him to discuss the resolution now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wifl remark to
the gentleman from New York that the House has
indulged discussion upon the resolution, and the
objection comes too late.
Mr. ORR. I am a little surprised that an objec-
tion to discussion should come from the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hart,] for that gentleman
will remember that it is by the courtesy of the
House that his resolution is before us at all.
Now,sir, the bill which the gentleman proposes
to withdraw from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, has been acted upon by the
Committee on Commerce. The chairman of that
committee does not propose to give us any addi-
tional information upon the subject, which has
not already been embodied in the report of the
committee.
It is proposed to take this bill from the Commit-
tee of the Whole and refer it back to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, not for the purpose of passing .
a general law—not for the purpose of placing
every sufferer by fire, who has lost goods upon
which duties have been paid, upon the same foot- !
ing; but it is for the purpose of uniting the claims
of New York and California; and when the Com- .
mitteeon Commerce shall be called on for reports,
they will report this bill, which has now happened
to get behind on he calendar, and the House will j
be callfd upon to act upon it. This is the device, j
the plan resorted to, to give this bill priority over 1
the other claims before the House. Now, if there
be merit in the application oftheCaliforma mer-
chants, let the Committee oti Commerce frame a
separate bill predicated upon the petitions which
have already been referred to them, and put it upon
j the calendar, and thus let both bills take their
| chances in the general scramble for consideration.
| If they can succeed in reaching them in this way,
very well; if not, I do not think this sort of par-
liamentary policy should be resorted to for the
purpose of giving one bill priority over another. I
hope, therefore, the resolution will not be adopted.
Mr. STUART. I am very glad, in one re-
spect, that the gentleman from South Carolina ;
[Mr. Orr] has started this discussion, for it gives ;
us an opportunity to inquire of ourselves whether j
we propose to do anything at this session of Con- j
gress; and if so, how we propose to do it. i
! I have not heard, since the commencement of i
the session, any gentleman propose any feasible !
plan to do business; but, like the gentleman from
South Carolina, some member has insisted that
a certain proposition should not be acted upon be•
cawn it will end in doing business. That is the
question, and with all respect to my fellow-mem-
bers, I consider it a pretty important one. It is
well known to the gentleman from South Carolina
—because he is perfectly conversant with the rules
for doing business in this House—as it is to you,
Mr. Speaker, and others ufJon this* floor, that if
we continue to refer bills to the Committee of the
Whole House or the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, none other than the general
appropriation bills, which have precedence under
our rules, will ever be reached; we bury them be-
yond the reach of any one in this body.
But, sir, if it is objected, that the sufferers by fire
in New York and those in California ought not
to obtain relief by way ofremittingtheduties paid
upon the goods thus consumed, then there is a
solid objection to the proposition of the gentleman
from New York; but if that objection be not ihade,
antf, on ttpe contrary, it be believed that the suf-
ferers ought to be relieved, then I do protest, and
upon every convenient opportunity I will continue
to protest, against burying their rights simply be-
cause we have, buried the rights of everybody else.
I know of no rule in logic or morality that will
permit individuals or communities to insist upon
I doing injustice day after day and month after
month simply because they have been engaged in
doing injustice for the last year.
Mr. Speaker, it may be said that 1 have made
these remarks with some feeling; I have, sir; not
because of any anxiety as to the result of the ef-
fort now made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hart,] but I beg again to call the attention
of the gentleman from South Carolina,for I know
he feels upon the subject as I do, and of the
House, with all due respect, to the fact, that thus
far we have staid here and literally done nothing.
I thank the gentleman for giving me this opportu-
i nity of calling attention to this matter for the pur-
Cose of seeing if any gentleman can devise any
etter plan of facilitating the business of the
House; I know of none better than by attending
to the business in its regular order. If any gen-*
tleman can tell me a better plan I should be glad
to know it. But I do believe, and believe firmly,
that if we will stop all new inventions for facilita-
ting the business of the House, and by common
consent go on and take up everyday the business
in its regular order, according to the rules of the
House, we can do all the essential business of the
country, and pass this bill among the rest; and I
repeat, that I know of no other way by which
this object can be accomplished.
Great complaint is made that committees can-
not get an opportunity to repbrt, and gentlemen
are taxing their imaginations to devise some
scheme which shall give them that opportunity.
Why, sir, if you will call the States for petitions
every morning, the very next thing in order is the
calf of committees for reports. If there is an effort
to interfere with the regular Order by some propo-
sition requiring unanimous consent, object to it,
or if a motion is made to go into Committee of
the Whole, vote it down. Let us have an hour
every day devoted to the call of committees for
reports until they have all been called. Is there
any other way under our rules to facilitate this
j object ? In my judgment there is not.
! Mr. ORR. Is not this very proposition now
before the House outside the rules ?
Mr. STUA.RT. Certainly; and the gentleman
will not forget that I thanked him for bringing up
his suggestion that we might call the attention qI
the House to the condition of things here, and see
if, by individual and nnited action, we could riot
get ourselves out of this difficulty.
i Mr. Speaker, I will not detain the House but
an instant longer, for I will endeavor to practice
what I preach. I only desire to say to my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] whose resolution
is here under the previous question, that his res-
olution will not. do justice to those interested in
i the business of the House, because, retaining, as
i it does, the power of an individual member to ob-
i ject, it will refer all the important business back
to the committees, and will place all the unim-
; portant business on the calendar, and thus give
such bills precedence over the most important
business of the country.
j Now, sir, all I have to say, in conclusion, is
this-—and I am very happy to have the opp<*r-
| tunity, because I do not wish to acquire a charac-
ter for pertinacity or interference in other men'#
business—I say to my fellow-members here, with
the best of feeling, that so far as I am concerned,
I do mean hereafter to object to everything not in
order, and to call for the regular order of business,
at least for three or four days in the week, until
all the committees shall have bad an opportunity
to report.
Mr. STANLY. I thank the gentleman from
Michigan very much for what he has just said.
I have been endeavoring, for a week or so past,
to follow the rules laid down by the gentleman by
a rigid adherence to the rules, and by demanding
the regular order of business. But it seems to me
that my friend, in his argument just now, ha#
gone against himself, and argued both sides of the
question. He has found fault with the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] fordoing the very
thing which he says is indispensable to the busi-
ness of the House.
Mr. 8TUART. The gentleman from North
Carolina did not understand me. 'I did precisely
the reverse. I thanked the gentleman from South •
Carolina for making a suggestion, which brought
