164
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Dec. 29,
adjourn, or compel the attendance of members,
and less than one fifth of a quorum may, in such |
case?, order the yeas and nays. The decision of j
the Chair is, that the calling of the yeas and nays |
is a part of the business of this House, for the j
transaction of which, the Constitution requires a i
majority of this body shall be present.
Mr. STEPHENS. As I called for the yeas :
and nays, I appeal from the decision of the Chair, ,
and ask for the yeas and nays on the appeal. t ;
Mr. STUART. Can the gentleman do that,
when my question of order is pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to waive his question of order.
Mr. STUART. I stated that I called for the
yeas and nays before the Speaker announced the ,
result, and my point was that such a call was in
order -
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the j
gentleman to acquiesce in his decision.
Mr. STUART. I only yielded to the motion 1
to adjourn.
Mr. BURT. I will, if the Speaker will allow
me, make a suggestion which perhaps may enable
the Chair to see how the difficulty which is sup-
posed to exist may be avoided. 1 think the Chair,
upon reflection, will find that the House has just
the same authority to order the yeas and nays
upon any other question as upon the question of
adjournment, and the gentleman from Georgia
[Air. Stephens] is unquestionably right when he |
cites the Chair the constitutional provisions upon
that point.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman read
that part of the Constitution again ?
Mr. BURT. 1 have not it at hand.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have it, and will read it.
It is in these words:
" Each House shall keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and from time to time publish the same, excepting such !
parts as may, in their judgment, require secrecy; and the
yeas and nays of the members of either House on any ques-
tion shall, at the desire of one fifth of those present, be en-
tered on the Journal."
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair j
is, that there is no House to do business when
there is less than a quorum present.
Mr. BURT. The point I was endeavoring to
make for the consideration of the Speaker is this:
Can the House order the yeas and nays upon the
question of adjournment when it cannot upon any
other question; and if so, by what authority!
The SPEAKER. By the authority of the Con-
sthution, which declares that less than a quorum i
may adjourn from day to day, and compel the at- j
tendance of members. Upon a motion for a call
of the House, less than a quorum may order the I
yeas and nays upon that proposition. Upon a
motion to adjourn, less than a quorum beingpres- '
ent, the yeas and nays may be ordered, to ascer-
tain whether there is a quorum present. There is ;
no House for the performance of business, such '
as the passage of bills, and therefore no vote can
be had upon it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table. {
Mr. STEPHENS. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays. ;
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. How can the
yeas and nays be ordered when there is no quo-
tum ? ,
The SPEAKER. The,Chair has no doubt of i
the ^correctness of his decision. He wilt decide i
that question; for the Chair holds that he has the
right, in any mode, to determine whether there is
new. n0tl a qUOrUm pre8em- There may be one
The Speaker proceeded to ascertain whether a
quorum was present. *
ingthe^Mfmd'nays. * <}eman<1 ™!
nowadjou?nRENCE- 1 m°V* tllBt the Hous* <*> J
cm^mAoJoLn°RD- 1 cn" for tl1* ?eas Rnd nn." ]
Jl* ^e9S ®n^ nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cuded in the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 66; fcs fol- i
JZ&rifa ffssr I
Joseph G Me, CaJdwell, Chandler, Ch««al„, Conner,
ney, Dockery Eastman, Edmundson, Flounce? Floyd. !
ThomaA J. D. Fuller, Gtfoiore, Green, Grey, Samnson VOm i
Harris, HueaH, Hillyer, Titfersoll, Jen kins, James Johi£ I
son, John Johnson, Robert VV. Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston King. Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Lockhart, Martin,
McMullin, John Moore, Morcbead, Morrison, M«rphy,01ds,
Orr, Samuel \V. Parker, Pret-tou, Richardson, Riddle, Rob-
inson, Ross, Savage, Origeji S. Seymour, Smart, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Sutherland, Sneetser,
Townshend, Venable, Wallace, Wilcox, and Williams—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, John Appteton, William Apple-
ton, Boeock, Bowie, Bragg, Brenton, Albert G. Brown,
Buell, Burrows, Burt, Lewis D. Campbell, Chapman, Clark,
Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, Curtis, Darby, John G. Davis,
Dean, Doty, Duncan, Gaylord, Giddings, Gorman, Grow,
Hall, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Haven, Ilebtird, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Horsford, Houston, Howard, John W.
Howe, Thomas M.Howe, Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, Meacham, Miller, Millson, Molony, Mur-
ray,. Nabers, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Powell, Robie,
Sabine, David L. Seymour, Smith, Stanly,Benjamin Stan-
ton, Stuart, Taylor, Thurston, Watkins, Welch, and Wil-
drick—66.
And thereupon the House adjourned till to-mor-
row at twelve, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition from citi/.ens of
Portage county, in flavor of the freedom of the public lands
to actual settlers.
Also, the resolution of the Legislature of Ohio on the
same subject.
ByMr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Thomas
W. Grayson and 232 other citizens of Mississippi, praying
the removal of the land office from Augnsta to Paulding, in
that State.
Also, the petition of W. W. Drinkwater and 60 others,
citizens of Mississippi, praying for the same.
ByMr. 8ERNHISEL: The memorial of the Governor
and Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, praying
Congress for the appointment of a commission to survey and
mark the southern boundary of that Territory, and to make
an appropriation to defray the expense of the same.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 29, 1852.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report' of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in further compliance with the
resolution of the 19th of March last, a letter from
the Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, inclosing a
statement of the disbursen\gpts made by John R.
Bartlett, Commissioner to run and mark the
boundary line between the United States and I
Mexico. ■ ■ • -
Mr. WELLER. I am very glad that that re- I
port has been made at last. I have waited very 1
impatiently, I must confess, for the last nine
months for it, for the purpose of being enabled to \
see how the public moneys had been expended.
I do not know that it will be necessary to print
the whole of these accounts; but, with a view to
ascertain whether it be necessary or not, I move
the reference of this communication and the ac-
companying papers to the Select Committee who
have been charged with the investigation of the
affairs of the Mexican Boundary Commission.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of citizens of
Navarro county, Texas, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Marshall to Waco "Village,
in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Betsey Norton, widow of
Freeman Norton, a mariner in the naval service
of the United States during the war of the Revolu-
tion, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Eliza
Rives, widow of Samuel S. Rives, praying com-
pensation for extra services of her husband while
acting as master's mate in the Navy; which was i
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of «drtund
Bartlett, a citizen of Massachusetts, praying in- j
demnity for French spoliations prior to 1800; !
which was ordered to lie oil the table.
.-M?' SEBASTIAN presented the petition of :
William P. Buckner, for himslif and Pierce Cros- 1
 y, passed midshipmen in the Navy, praying ,
payment of the amount of prize money due them !
m the case of the schooner Oregon; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SIJMNER presented a petition of citizens ;
of Oberlin, Ohio, and a petition of John P. An- i
drews, praying the adoption of measures for the 1!
amicable settlement of international difficulties; •
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of a com-
mittee appointed by the corporation of George-
town, praying the construction of a suspension
bridge across the Potomac at a point known as
1 the "Three Sisters," above that town; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
i Columbia.
GOLD COIN IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. I ask permission of the Sen-
. ate to introduce some memorials, signed by a large
1 number of merchants in the city of San Francisco,
j in California, and by other persons, together with
; a number of memorials from various towns in
California, complaining of an act of Congress
| passed on the 20th of August, 1852, being an
amendment to a general appropriation bill, which
they affirm operates injuriously upon their inter-
ests. They pray that that act may be speedily
repealed, and that a law may be passed by Con-
gress legalizing the act of the Collector of that
port in continuing to receive the issues of the
| assay office, notwithstanding the law, and the
| Treasury order which it invoked, and to make all
: those issues receivable for customs and other pub-
lic dues by special enactment. In 1850 an act was
passed establishing an assay office in San Fran-
cisco. That office was authorized to convert the
lumps and grains of gold obtained in California,
into ingots and bars, and the Secretary of the
Treasury assumed the power to receive these bars
in payment of the public dues. By virtue of an
order issued by the Secretary of the Treasury,
they were thus received by the Collector of the
port at San Francisco. The effect was, that the
coin in the country was driven from circulation.
At the last session of Congress an amendment was
made to the general appropriation bill, which sim-
ply authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to
make a contract with oneor more assaying offices,
at a rate not exceeding one per cent., and then re-
affirming the law of 1846, declaring that nothing
i but gold and silver coin should be received in pay-
: ment of the public'dues. The consequence is, that
1 they now complain of being destitute of the coin
j necessary to pay the duties upon their goods.
These ingots anil bars have entered into the circu-
lation of the country, and expelled the coin there-
from.
I am willing to go as far as a proper regard to
the other interests of California will allow me to
go, in remedying the evils of which they com-
plain. I am satisfied that there is not now coin
: enough to enable the importing merchants to dis-
charge those duties, or to meet the ordinary wants
of the State. I would be willing that these ingots
of the assay office should be received in payment
of the public dues at their actual value; but the
difficulty is in ascertaining what is their actual
value, unless you have them refined, and unless
you can by some mode ascertain the precise
amount of alloy contained in them. It is a sub-
; ject which I hope will receive the careful consider-
ation of the committee to which I wish to have the
memorials referred. I am sure there is every dis-
position on the part of the Representatives from
; the State of California to do everything in their
power to mitigate the evil of which they complain,
and furnish them an adequate currency; but while
I affif m that, we are bound to look also to the other
interests of the people of California. They do not
desire to do anything which shall build up a power
there which Bhall prevent a complete and full exe-
cution of the law providing for the establishment
of a branch Mint in California. We did think,
and still think, that on the part of the Executive
branch of this Government there has been unrea-
sonable delay, and that under the existing law
there might have been much .more done to prevent
the evils which now exist there; much could have
been done by the Treasury Department.
But I will not trespass on the time of the Senate.
It is a subject to which I have not turned my at-
tention until very recently, knowing that it had en-
gaged the close attention and the untiring industry
of my colleague. His connection with this sub-
ject from the beginning, enabled him to undewtand"
it much better than I could.
I move that the memorials be referred to the
Committee on Finance. •
Mr. GWIN spoke at some length upon the sub-
ject which his colleague had brought to the notice
