166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
no blame or neglect could be attributed to him.
The committee being of this opinion, and consid-
ering the efforts which he had made to recover the
amount, thought it right that the Government
should indemnify him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and the question was, " Shall i. be
ordered to a third reading?"
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that this bill is
going a step farther than we went yesterday.
Mr. SHIELDS. Oh, no. There is not an in-
stance of this kind which has ever occurred, and
which has been well made out, where the officer
has not obtained relief on the same principle as in
the case of an agent or a bailee. This was an act
of public robbery committed upon this officer, by
which he lost not only public, but his owp private
funds. No restitution is asked, and none is pro-
posed to be made for the private funds. All that
he asks is, that he be relieved from the responsi-
bility of that portion of the public funds which
could not be recovered.
I know Colonel Cross well. He was Quarter-
master under General Wool, and was one of the
most efficient Quartermasters in the service of the
United States, and brother of a gallant officer who
was murdered. There is no possible doubt about
this case. I have not prepared it myself, for the
bill has come from the House. Colonel Cross, as
the report shows, made an effort to place these
funds in the Government depository—in the bank
in which the Government had instructed him to
place them. That bank refused to receive them;
and on the night afterwards four negroes entered
the office, broke open the safe, and took the money.
Mr. HALE. One of the negroes, 1 believe,
Was employed about the office.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that I have any
particular objection to the bill, for I like to see
evidences of progress; and it is said that we are
living in an age of progress. The honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] yesterday thought
that we were going pretty far in passing a bill to
relieve an officer who lost Government funds by
intrusting them to his confidential clerk.
Mr. SHIELDS. This is not such a case.
_ Mr. HALE. I know that. This is a progres-
sive case. Yesterday we guarantied an officer
against a Iom occurring through the want of fidelity
on the part of his confidential clerk; and to^Jay ft
la proposed that we shall relieve an officer "from
responsibility for a loss incurred through want of
fidelity in his negro man. That is the whole of it.
This robbery was committed, I suppose, by a
slave who was employed about the premises to
take care of the funds.
Mr. BADGER. Not to take care of the funds.
Mr. HALE. At any rate to take care of the
office.
Mr. BADGER. To sweep the office, and such
things.
Mr. HALE. He did not prove faithful, and
we are called upon to insure his faithfulness. That
la the amount of it. Perhaps it may be all right
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is a difference be-
tween the color of the skin of the people in those 1
two cases.
Mr. HALE. That is all the difference I see'
If the Senator thinks that the color of the skin
should make no difference, I Would like him to
carry his doctrine a little further than these relief
bills, it strikes me that this will be a very dan-
gerous precedent, but I do not know that I shall
interpose any particular objection to it. The case
LrATlDd>be t5"*: A Government officer 1
-k8 m an *P*rt«|ent. He employed a
the premises, the Senator from North
Carolina suggests to sweep the office and do the
ordinary duties of such a man, who took advan-
tage of the confidence reposed in him, as a confi-
dentjal servant, to rob his master; and now we are
called upon to indemnify the master, so far as the
fund* of the United States are concerned. That
I understand to be the character of the bill. If i
find e V haveno fan" t<> !
. The biIJ.w.as ordered to a third reading-, there hp-
tng on a division—ayes 24, noes 10. ftwMthm
read a third time, and passed.
HODGES AND LAN8DALE.
J tbe Senate to take up the
for the "lief of Hodges & Lansda!e?and
| the legal representatives of Rinaldo Johnson, de- I
ceased." It ia a bill which was reported from the
Committee on Claims, and will not, 1 apprehend, ;
meet with opposition on the part of any Senator.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to audit the claims of Hodges & Lansdale,
and tlie legal representatives of Rinaldo Johnson,
for tobacco destroyed by the British in 1814, at the
warehouses at Nottingham & Magruder's terry,
in Prince George's county, Maryland; and, from
such proof as may be exhibited to them, within
six months after the passage of the act, ascertain
the quan tity and value of the tobacco so destroyed, !
and pay the amount so ascertained to be due.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, 1 believe the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who is
now absent, has paid some attention to this class
of cases, and 1 would suggest the propriety of
allowing the bill to be passed over until his return.
This is not, aa I apprehend, an isolated case, but
there are several cases depending on the same
principle, growing out of the same transaction,
known aa the " tobacco cases." I have not ex-
amined them myself, but I know that the Senator
from Delaware has examined them, and was pre-
paring himself to make some remarks upon the
subject, and submit some documents which, for
one, I should be glad to see and hear. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will be passed over.
Mr. PRATT. I am not aware that the Senator
from Delaware is opposed to the present case.
There were several other bills of a somewhat sim-
ilar character reported by me, to which he men-
tioned that he was opposed. But the Senate deter-
mined the other day that the absence-of a Senator
who might be opposed to a bill was no reas n for
its postponement. All I ask now is, that my
honorable friend will permit the report to be read.
It states the facts clearly and simply as they are
sustained by the testimony in the case. If, after
the reading of the report, there should be any j
doubt on the part of any Senator, the case can be i
postponed for further examination. But I appre- !
hend no Senator, after hearing the report read, j
will entertain a doubt in regard to it. !
Mr. CASS. State the facts youreelf, without ■
calling for the reading of the report.
Mr. PRATT. Tlie facts ef the cue are these:
During the war of 1812, the British belt} posses-
sion ot' Patuxent river. The State of Maryland
had established warehouses upon the margin of
that river for the inspection of the tobacco of the
! planters of the surrounding country. All the to-
, bacco was inspected there by the public inspectors;
and the habit was, for them to issue what were
called "tobacco notes," showing the quantity of
tobacco received and in store, which notes passed
from hand to hand. These notes, therefore, were
conclusive evidence of the quantity of tobacco in-
spected. These warehouses were occupied as a
depository for munitions of war by our army
sent down there for the purpose of preventing the ,
landing of the British; and the tobacco was rolled
-out of the warehouses, and made a breastwork,
from which the enemy was fought and repulsed on
more than one occasion. The tobacco was found i
to be an entire barrier to the cannon of the ene-
my. The militia fought from behind it with great
bravery; and, indeed, they ran no risk whatever; !
but they repulsed the enemy by reason of the to- '
bacco hogsheads which were rolled up before
them. When, however, the British determined to i
come here for the purpose of taking possession of '
the seat of Government, they came in very large i
force, and drove away the militia. They then
took and destroyed the tobacco warehouses, and
the tobacco.
.1. Th'f c,aim '? ma<,e bYthe owners of the tobacco
thus destroyed, upon such evidence as they will
offer to the Department, showing conclusively the
Xa t^destroctio^asking remun«ation for
< ?• ." «■•)
^VpraTt'^Cdl fnrihe reading of the rtport ?
r T-. The report states these facts,
*/t 8|VJt?Se 1118 ?Dt necessary to read it.
Mr. CASS. I think that, according to the state-
Went just made by the Senator from Maryland,
there ean bij^o doubt about the case; but upon
rbci1 perfect,y p«
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
; j reading, read a third time, and passed.
EBENEZER DUMONT.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up the bill for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Colonel Ebenezer Dumont. ft has passed the
Senate four times, I believe, and been left in the
House among the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. ' It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of War to cause to be paid to Ebenezer
Dumont $125, the value of a horse belonging to
him which was lost in the battle of the 9th Octo-
" ber, 1847, at Huamantla, Mexico.
Mr. WELLER. it strikes me that it would be
better to have some explanation of this bill. 1 am
as anxious as any one that honest claims should
pass Congress; but I am afraid that some loose
ones are going through for want of attention on
the part of Senators.
Mr. BRIGHT. This bill was reported from
the Committee on Claims by the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adam's.]
Mr. WELLER. If my friend from Mississippi
reported it, I am satisfied that it is an honest claim,
and do not call for the reading of the report.
Mr. HALE. I would like to hear the report
read, although it does come from the Senator from
Mississippi.
The report was'accordingly read; from which
it appeared that, according To the affidavit of Colo-
nel Gorman, a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and colonel of the 4th regiment of Indi-
ana volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Dumont was
in the battle of Huamantla in the discharge of his
duty, and lost in that battle a horse, saddle, and
bridle, which fell into the hands of the enemy,
without any fault or neglect on his part. The
committee think the Government responsible in
equity and justice.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ISAAC L. BATTLE.
On motion bv Mr. RUSK, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution " for the relief of the estate of
Isaac L. Battle." It proposes to release the estate
of Isaac L. Battle, deceased, late of Jackson
county, Florida, from any liability under a judg-
ment heretofore obtained by the Post Offire De-
partment against him as guarantor on behalf of
Charles Matthews and William King, late of that
county and State, as bidders for a contract to carry
the United States mail three times a week each
way between Bainbridge, Georgia, and Pensacola,
Florida.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
PIONEEH MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. WALKER. I wish the Senate to take up
a. ' n? pr'vate character, but which is local to
t".e District of Columbia; and T hope the Senate
will indulge me in that desire. I move to take up
the bill " To incorporate the Pioneer Manufactur-
ing Company of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia." ,
[ The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
i ^hole. I' proposes to make Thomas
i Wilson, Evans Lyon,Esau Pickerell,and Thorn-
| as Brown, their associates, successors, and as-
1 corporate and politic, by the name
i of 4 The Pioneer Manufacturing Company of
' have all the rights and privileges,
, and be subject to all the duties and liabilities, of
a corporation, and to exercise all rights and priv-
j ileges incident to a corporation for manufacturing
i cotton, woolen, or silk goods or fabrics, and vend-
i ing the same, and for constructing all machinery
! ul./ purpose. The bill also allows them to
nolo, use, and enjoy such quantity of land as may
oe sufficient for prosecuting their business, and
erecting thereon such buildings as may be neces-
JoAnVuin l1 caP',a' stock shall not exceed
l 'i. . 't0 be dlvi()ed into shares of #100 each,
wmch shares shall be deemed to be personal estate.
I he bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
