185*2.
*THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
RELEASE OP POST OFFICE FINES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill " for the relief of James Jeffreys and
Jeremiah M. Smith," which has been reported
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. The Postmaster General has felt it to be
his duty to fine two Kentuckians very heavily,
and this bill is to relieve them from this fine. I
hope the Senate will have no objection to extend
a little mercy.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee <5f
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Postmaster General to
release James Jeffreys and Jeremiah M. Smith
and their guarantors, from the penalty incurred by
the failure, on their part, to carry the United States
mail upon routes numbered 6268, 6269, and 6277,
according to the bid offered by them, and accepted
by the Post Office Department; and also to causa
to be refunded to Jeffreys and Smith, any fines
paid by them iu consequence of such failure on
their part.
Mr. WALKER. If there be any report ac-
companying that bill, I should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
that there is no report.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I can state the facts.
These individuals made bids to carry the mail on
some routes in Texas. The advertisement of the
Department stated the distances on those routes;
but it turned out that the distances were much
greater than were advertised; and thut, for the
amount for which these men agreed to carry the
mails, they could not possibly accomplish the work.
They therefore failed to put the contracts in exe-
cution. But they were bidders upon various other
routes which they did put in execution, and the
Postmaster General fined them heavily for not
carrying the mails upon the long routes, in regard
to the distance of which there was a mistake in
the advertisements. The bill merely relieves them
from the fines imposed, for failing to put those
contracts into execution, and provides for the re-
funding of the money which the Postmaster Gen-
eral has actually detained from the amounts due
them on their other routes, and for which they
have performed the service required. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to hare the Sen-
ator from Kentucky inform me what was the dif-
ference between the route advertised and the route
over which the mail was to be carried. What
was the difference in the distance? In the next
place, I should like to know the amount of fines
which have been assessed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. I believe that under the general law, that
officer is authorized to adjust such questions as
this, and I should like to have the reason assigned
why he has not acted in this case?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. These individuals live
at no great distance from my residence, in an ad-
joining county. I have had conversations with
them on the subject, and I have also had conver-
sation with the Postmaster General with regard to
it, and I will briefly state the facts. The Postmas-
ter General says, that under the existing law—for I
asked him upon that subject, and I thought, like
the Senator from California, that he could remedy
the evil—his opinion is, he cannot release the fines.
These gentlemen, after bidding upon the Texas
routes, actually went to Texas, and they did every
thing in the world which they could do to put in
operation those lines in Texas for which they bid.
But they found they could not do it. The differ-
ence in distance was in some cases, I think, fifty,
and in some a hundred miles, or more. I do not
remember exactly, but the difference was so great
in comparison with the length of the routes adver-
tised, that it was manifest they could not accom-
plish the work for the amount which they had bid
for it. They had therefore to fail in that part of
the contract. They then put into operation all
the other routes for which they had bid and ob-
tained contracts; and the Postmaster General re-
tained from the money which should have been
paid to them for those contracts, the fines for not
putting into operation the contracts in Texas.
The committee, as will be perceived from the
bill, upon seeing the difference in the distances,
thought proper to release these men from their
fines; and the money which will be'paid to them,
if the bitl shall pass, will be ex'actly the amount
which they have earned by the execution of work
on other routes, actually performed, and which
has been retained by the Postmaster General. I
cannot be more specific, not having looked at the
distances since the last session of Congress. But
if it be necessary that I shall state precisely the
differences in distance, the matter will have to lie
over until I can obtain the information, because at
present I cannot state it. I can only state to the
Senate that the fines have been imposed because
these individuals did not put into operation the
lines for which they had bid in Texas; and the
Department has retained the money which it is
absolutely necessary that these men should have
for the purpose of enabling them to go on and ful-
fill their contracts on other lines. The simple
question is, whether, when a mistake of that sort
has been made, and individuals have bid, under
the expectation of being able to execute the con-
tract, Congress will enforce it upon them, although
they were deceived by the advertisement of the
Department, and found, when they came to ex-
amine the route, that they could not execute the
work for the price stipulated ?
1 wish to be perfectly candid, and to state all
that I know upon the subject. The advertisement
of theJPostmasterGeneral did, upon the face of it,
state that bidders must take care in reference to the
bids which they put in. And these individuals
told me, in the conversations which I had with
them, that, although from this they might have
had notice which would have strictly required
them to ascertain whether there was any excess
over the length of the road advertised, yet they
found that the distances upon the routes in Ken-
tucky for which they bid, were generally so cor-
rect that they supposed the distances of routes
with which they were not acquainted were equal-
ly correct. But they ascertained, upon visiting
Texas for the purpose of putting their contracts
into operation, that the differences of distance were
so great that it was impossible for them to execute
the contracts for the amounts contained in the
bids.
The amount which has been detained from them
is some four or five hundred dollars annually.
The routes upon which they are fulfilling contracts,
are principally horse routes. They are poor men,
and the amount detained from them has, by this
time, probably reached fourteen or fifteen hundred
dollars. The question is whether the Senate will
relieve them, under these circumstances.
Mr. ADAMS. The Congress of the United
States has established a precedent in a case of this
kind, but I do not understand that the bill of my
friend from Kentucky comes up exactly to that
precedent, it will be recollected that the Collins
line obtained increased compensation, not because
the parties were unable to comply with their con-
tract, but because they could not make money
enough upon it. The Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives increased their compensation simply
on the ground that they could not make money
enough under their contract as it stood, and it was
said that they were really losing money.
Now, if my friend from Kentucky will show
us that these men could not have carried the mail
according to the contract, without losing money,
it would come up to the precedent set in that case;
and I think the fact that they are poor men ought
not to operate against them. If my friend will
show that they would have lost money by com-
plying with their contract, I shall vote for his
proposition; not that I voted for that, but as it has
become a precedent, I am unwilling that it should
operate in favor of the rich and against the poor.
I would suggest, however, to my friend from
Kentucky, a slight alteration in his bill. It states,
1 believe, that the routes, as advertised, were not
equal to the actual distance, and although the par-
ties were put upon their guard, yet they did rely
upon the advertisement, and were deceived. If
the bill should be so changed as to provide that
this relief should be extended to them, provided it
should be ascertained that the distance was really
greater than that which was advertised, I would
vote for it with great cheerfulness, for I think it
has merits.
Mr. RUSK. I hope this bill will puss, and that
the honorable Senator from Mississippi will with-
draw his opposition to it.
Mr. ADAMS. I thought I was in favor of if.
Mr. RUSK. T had occasion to investigate this
matter, and the facts are as stated by the Senator
from Kentucky. These parties made a number
of bids for different mail routes. They bid for
some in Texas; and they found, when they came
to examine the routes, that they had been so much
deceived by the statement of the distances contained
in the advertisement of the Department, that it
was utterly impossible for them to fulfill theircon-
tract. The Department have said that, under the
law, as it exists up to this time, they cannot en-
force claims against parties totally failing to comply
with their contract. It seems to me that if our
laws are so defective that those who do not comply
at all with their contracts—and I know one in-
stance of that kind, for I have attempted to have
the law enforced against an individual who made
a bid upon a very important line, and failed alto-
gether—they should not be enforced upon these
men because they entered into other contracts in
the State of Kentucky, and have been faithfully
performing their duties under those contracts.
There are hundreds of cases which have occurred
where the parties have failed altogether to comply
with their contracts, and the Department, under
the rules and regulations in force, could not force
them to comply; and here, because these parties
did comply with some of their contracts, they are
to have no remuneration for it. These fines were
withheld from the amount which would be due to
them from their Kentucky contracts. They were
given no opportunity of defending themselves at
law. No suit was brought against them by the
Department, but by an order of the Department,
the fines were retained from the moneys due them
for carrying the mails on their other routes. Under
such circumstances, it seems to me too small a
matter to pick out one man from hundreds, and
perhaps thousands,in exactly the same situation,
and punish him for the sins of the whole. I think
the better plan would be to treat them all alike,
and change the law so that when bids are made,
and guarantees of this description are entered into,
wecan have some uniform rule of enforcing proper
and rightful damages against those who bid.
Mr. WALKER. I hope to see this bill pass,
but I wish also to have a little amendment put
upon it. There is a case in the State which I
partly represent very similar to this; and when I
mention it, the speech of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and that of the Senator from Texas, need
only to be recollected and applied to the case, and
it will render it unnecessary for me, or any one
else, to say anything. There is this difference,
however: the individual to whom I refer had no
other contracts. And there is a further difference,
that the law was executed in his case, and conse-
quently he did not escape in the manner suggested
by the Senator from Texas. I speak of a person
of the name of John S. Pardee. He made a bid
under a misrepresentation contained in the adver-
tisement, as in this case. The route was struck
off to hiin, and the contract was given to him; but
when he came to examine the matter, and look
into the nature of the route, he found that it would
be ruinous for him to execute the contract. He
consulted with me about it, and I was so perfectly
verdant as to tell him that I did not believe he
could escape. The matter, it is true, was repre-
sented to the Department, but suit was brought
against him for the difference between his bid and
the bid of the man who took the route, and judg-
ment was recovered against him for that amount,
and he 1ms had to pay it; and 1 know it has very
nearly mined  nd stripped him of all he possessed.
All 1 ask for him now is, that this little amend-
ment be put upon this bill:
Sec. 2. -ini he it further cnitrtcit, That all the provis-
ions of this act "-halt lie equally applicable to the case of
John S. Pardee, ot'tVisooriMii.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have not a particle of
objection to giving relief to the constituent of my
friend from Wisconsin; but I am afraid that by
incorporating it upon this bill, and multiplying
cases of the kind, we shall only produce embar-
rassment in the way of the pnssnsre of the bill;
and then, if any one shall have objection to one
part of it in the other House, he mav make that a
pretext for opposing the whole. I would not,
therefore, like' to hr.ve my bill incumbered with
this claim; and I would be very thankful if my
friend would give way and let this pass on its own
merits, particularly as the claim of his constituent
may not, perhans, hare been sufficiently investi-
gated by a committee. I hone he will not insist
upon its being attached to my bill.
I would say to my friend from Mississippi, that
