188
THE CONGRESSIONAL CJLOBE.'
Dec. 29,
the rtrv facts about which he asked for inform*-{[gaged in importing, they paid into the Treasury
tion, have occurred. The routes were put out   of the United^ States, as duties on importations,
lion, nave occuucu. *
and let subsequent to this bidding, after these in-
dividuals did not cxccuie the contract, and at a
price much higher than that for which they con-
tracted: so that it has been shown by the subse-
quent conduct of the Department that these men
could not reasonably have executed their contracts
for the amount for which they bid. The inform-
ation, therefore, exists on the record just exactly
•is he wants it.
That is perfectly satisfactory.
Mr. ADAMS. -  ~.j.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The whole matter, ac-
cording to the unanswerable statement of the gen- . passage of the bill granting relief, in order that the
tleman from Texas, chairman of the Committee claimants may have an opportunity of engaging
on the Post Office and Post Roads, is just this: in business, in order to support themselves and
Tka drwommoit err>t UaM nf mnnpr/if (Hmo fAfflillffl.
ui Uio Ullltcu OMICD) BO uuu«0 VII 1 nil/UI tu IIU1JO)
the sum of $965,487, but left unpaid duty bonds
upon the 12th July, 1839, amounting to $45,169.
The United States sued out the bonds, and re-
covered that amount, which, with interest and
costs, amounted altogether to $50,542 72. The
committee think that the case comes within the
spirit of the act of March 2,1831, for the relief of
insolvent debtors against the United States, and
think it equally entitled to favorable consideration
with the numerous claims which were relieved
under that act. They therefore recommend the
passage of the bill granting relief, in order that the
existing compacts with the States of Alabama
and Mississippi, in relation to the five per cent,
fund and school reservations.'" It proposes to
enact that the provisions of those acts be extended
so as to allow the State of Alabama three years
from and after the passage of this act, to com-
plete the selection of the lands authorized by those
acts to be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read n
third time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
Uli lilC J. U9t Viilw Cllju X I'Sl LVV(IUO) U |LfOiJ 1111-7.
The Government got hold of the money *>f these
men, because they were executing a part of the eon-
trncts; and having got their money, it will not let
them have it. The Government would not fulfill
its contract, and pay these individuals, because it
said they were violating another contract,.without
giving them a chance to defend themselves. I
hope my friend from Wisconsin will refer his
case to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and let it take; the regular course, and not
embarrass my bill with it.
Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw the amend-
ment, for I do not wish to embarrass the bill. I
am in favor of it. f have believed that there was
freat injustice in imposing these penalties upon
idders for mail routes. 1 think so yet. As has
been remarked by the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, it does seem
that there are occasionally individuals seizedupon
and made to pay these penalties, while in a great
majority of cases tliey are allowed to escape. The
ease of Mr. Pardee, to which I have? referred, was
a hard one; but as it is deemed an embarrassment
by the Senator from Kentucky to add it to this J011?®, "j6®? approTed September 11th, 1841,
bill, I withdraw the amendment. I shall take -A. joint resolution making it the duty of
occasion, however, to present it as an independent Attorney General to examine into the titles of
families.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
solicitor of the treasury. .
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, if there be no
objection, ( would ask/the,Senate! to take up at
this time, a joint resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, at the last sessiop, " to
conferadditional duties and powers on the Solicitor
of the Treasury." The object of that resolution
is to transfer from the office of the Attorney Gen-
eral, to that of the Solicitor of the Treasury, the
duty of examining titles where lands are to be
purchased for custom-houses, armories, and for
public objects generally. I believe there is no ob-
jection to it in any quarter.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the resolution. It proposes to transfer to the So-
licitor of the Treasury all the duties imposed upon
the Attorney General of the United States by the
joint resolution approved September 11th, 1841,
occasion, however, to present it as an independent
matter to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordereid to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EDWIN LORD AND FRANCIS BACON.
Mr. FISH. I ask the Senate to take up for ,
Attorney    wlllo m
the lands or sites proposed to be purchasedfoMhe
purpose of erecting thereon armories and other
pubJie works and buildings, and for other pur-
poses;" and also, that after the passageof the res-
olution no public money shall be expended upon
ai y 'and or site thereafter to be purchased by the
United 8taus for th.purposes specified in the res-
Mr. riati. i ask the Senate to take up for . °lu^on®f 1B41> ronton of tike Solicitor
consideration the MI« for this relief of Edwin i ?f Treasury >*4 lft t  f-lhe *alid-
Lord and Francis Bacon," reported from the Com-' °r , Vfle* and untl' tl>e consent of the Legis-
mittee on Finance, which I presume will give rise ' ature „, e St?te in which the land or site mav
tO DO dehate ' nhall Ka AktamaJ * Uw   . «
The motion was agreed to. The bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to discharge Edwin Lord
and Francis Bacon from all liability and indebted-
ness growing out of certain judgments recovered
against them by the United States, in the circuit
court of the United States, for the southern dis-
trict of New York, at the April tvm of that court,
in the year 1840, if they shall make it appear to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury
that they have done no act fraudulently to deprive
the United States of their legal priority, and that
they have not been guilty of any fraud, or made
any conveyance of their estates, real or personal,
in trust for themselves, or with intent to de-
fraud the United States, or to gain any benefit or
advantage to themselves or their families. It is
provided that the release shall be rendered null
and void, if it shall beat any tipie ascertained that
*5 uP°n false suggestions.
Mr. ADAUS called for the reading of the re-
port, and it was accordingly read.
ro;!rT0m,the.rrrt ilaPPe*s that the firm of Ed-
3 n°mpany' imposed of Edwin Lord
tS.™ r £BwaC°n' WerS ?"8aSed« from 1828 to
X. UhLbLT°8 dry
be, shall be obtained for the purpose of having the
land or site free from taxation.
Mr. TOUCEY. It is now by law made the
duty of the Attorney General to examine into the
validity of titles of sites for armories and custom-
houses, and lands proposed to be taken for public
objects generally. The object of this joint reso-
lution is to transfer that duty to the Solicitor of
the Treasury. The arrangements of that office j
are such that the examination can be conveniently ;
made, altogether more conveniently and to a better
effect than in the office of the Attorney General i
The duties incumbent upon the latter office, with
the restricted number of clerks assigned to it, are i
so great as to render it almost impossible that the
Attorney Genera! can attend to this branch of\he
duties now imposed upon him. It necessarily;
occasions great delay; and there is no provision
made by which the duty can be easily and effect-
ually performed. On the other hand, this duty is
one of detail; and the office of the Solicitor of the
treasury is so arranged that it can be there per-
formed with ease and facility, and sfiould anv
question arise calfihg for the opinion of the law
officer of the Government, it can be taken; but
ordinarily there will be no occasion for it. I be-
lieve this is in accordance with the views that have
Vai-It  « icq's MU1M,S ine sreal are in New
York, in 1835, there was consumed in their store
«P°  which they had advanced
190,000, and upon the most of which there was an
insurance, upon which they realized only about
seventy per cent., by reason of the insolvency of
the insurance companies. They were enabl$ to
continue business, until the pressure produced bv
the commercial ensis of ia37 and 1838, when thev !
were deprived, bv reaaan nf u....   ' ^
were d?PriYed^ i House of Representatives, lu
upwards of 4151,000, of the ability to meet their ! of MWh Pfovjswns of an act approved the 3d
engagements. During the time they were en- of act ?PProved the 26th
or renruary, 1849, for carrying into effect the
be passed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
ALABAMA SCHOOL LANDS.
On motion by Mr, FELCH, the Senate pro-
"lf ^^erTV*S ,n G^mitrteof the Whole,
esentatives, "to
approved the 3d
. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 29, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that there be a
calf of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Journal of yesterday
has not been read yet.
Mr. RICHARDSON. For that very reason it
is I make the point of order, that before the read-
ing of the Journal there must be a quorum pres-
ent. We can avail ourselves of a call of the
House before the Journal is read, but cannot af-
terwards.
Mr. JONE8, of Tennessee. That is the first
rule.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask that the first rule
of the House may be read.
The SPEAKER. It is as follows:
1. He (Ihe Speaker) shall take the chair every day pre-
cisely at the hour to which the House shall have adjourned
on Ihe preceding day; shall immediately call the member*
to order; auil, on the appearance of a quorum, shall cause
Hie Journal of the preceding day to be read.
The rules, so far as the Chair recollects, do not
point out the mode by which the Speaker shall
determine whether a quorum be present or not.
I suppose, however, he is to ascertain the fact of
a quorum or no quorum by counting the members
present.
Mr. CLARK. It appears to me, from the read-
ing of the rale, that th« Speaker himself is to de-
' cide whether or not a quorum be present.
The SPEAKER. That is so. The Chair has
i counted the members present, and finds that there
I are 92.
! Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that there be a
call of the House.
i The SPEAKER. A call of the House is in
order under one of its express rules.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Fifteen members may
compel the attendance of the remainder. Ths
question is now upon ordering the reading of the
Journal, and not upon the proposition pending at
the adjournment of yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The pending proposition
being that of ordering the reading of the Journal ,
■ the Chair entertains the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It occurs tome
that the motion that there be a call of the House
is the only proper one, and I rise to ask whether
it has been made?
The SPEAKER. It has.
The question was taken .on the motion that there
be a call of the House, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
The roll was then called and 129 members an-
swered to their names.
Pending the call, Mr. GROW stated that Mr.
Cleveland was detained at his boarding-house on
account of sickness.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. MOLONY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to permit the Journal to be corrected.
The SPEAKER, The motion to amend the
Journal cannot be entertained at present.
Mr. MOLONY. I presume no gentleman will
object to its correction.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Journal has
not been read yet.
Mr. MOLONY. I desire to correct the journal
of the proceedings of Monday upon the proposi-
tioni authorizing the President to confer the title
of Lieutenant General by brevet. 1 voted yea.
The Journal- records me as having voted nay.
Upon the resolution of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Harm*,] making reports .from com-
mittees a special order, the Journal puts me in
