1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
the negative. 1 voted in the affirmative. And on
th« resolution for the appointment of two clerks
and a mt'ssf'i^er lor the office of the Superintend-
ent of the IV,Mio Printing, my name does not ap-
pear on tlte Journal as having voted at all: I voted
m the affirmative.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is may be that the errors
to which the .tentleman refers are in the " Globe,"
snd not the Journal.
Mr. MOLONY. Tliey are in the Journal.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
corrections! i.i the Journal of the proceedings of
Monday, indicated by the gentleman from Illinois,
will be made.
There was no objection, and the corrections
were ordered to be made.
•
THE PROPOSED CaLL OK THE HOUSE.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. A good many
members who were absent at the opening of to-
day's session, are now present, and I move that
all further proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. GOODENOW demanded the yeas and
nays on tin- motion, but subsequently withdrew
the call.
The question was then taken on the motion to
dispense with all further proceedings in the call,
and it was decided in the affirmative, there being,
on a division—aves 10", noes not counted.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings wrs then
read and approved.
SEW MEMBER.
Mr. DUNCAN presented the credentials of the
Hon. Fravcis B. Fat, elected a Representative
from the Second Congressional district of the
State of Massachusetts, to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the decease of the Hon. Robert
Ravtotl.
Mr. Fat thereupon appeared at the bar of the
House, and was duly qualified by the Speaker.
RECESS.
Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to introduce
the following resolution:
Be it resolved fry the Senate and House of Representatives.
That upon the adjournment to day, they stand adjourned
bU the first Monday of February next.
Mr. STANLY objected.
REPORTS AXD PUBLICATION OF SPEECHES.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, Tiwt the reporter-* nf the House of Represent-
atives be directed hereafter not to report i u Hie Daily Globe,
as part of the proceedings of the House, ypeeclies not made
in the Hou*e.
That resolution affects the conduct of the officers (
of the House, and concerns ourselves.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I am not opposed
to the resolution of the gentleman from .North
Carolina, but I beiieve that it is not in accordance
with the rules of the House, and therefore objeet.
Mr. STANLY. I make the point, that it is a
question of privilege, oi a privileged question—
one or the other: and before the Chair makes his
decision, I desire to be heaid upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Ciiair would be glad to
hettr the gentleman.
Mr. STANLY. In the Daily Globe of yester-
day, which has been laid upon our tables, it ap-
pears that the gentleman <"rom Maine [Mr. Smart]
offered a resolution relative to the capture of the
" Georeiana and the Susan Loud." After that
resolution was submitted, the report goes on that
the gentleman from Maine proceeded by saying
" Mr. Speaker," &c., &c., to make a speech of
nearly four columns. Then the report adds, after
the speech, "The question was then taken, and
the resolution was adopted." Not one word of
that speech was uttered upon this floor. And I
will say here that it is out of no personal unkind-
ness to the gentleman that I have presented this
resolution, but in defense of those of us who had
no chance to hear this speech, and therefore no
chance of making a reply in vindication of-the
Administration about going out of power, of
whose good conduct generally, but especially in
managing foreign affairs, we are exceedingly
proud, bad as was our fortune in the election held
this year. This is a question of privilege, about
which we should have some regulation in this
Hall. If a gentleman report in the Appendix to
the Congressional Globe what he did not say, he
acts in accordance with what has been thecustom;
but to print 111 the proceedings of the House as
something said or spoken whatever a member
may choose to hand in writing to the reporters,
either assailing an individual or assailing a party,
when nobody has a chance to hear it, is some-
thing we ought not to submit to.
The SPEAKER. Whether this isa question of
privilege depends upon the relation subsisting be-
tween the Globe and the House.
Mr. STANLY. It is th ofiiciul paper of this
House. It is so called, and contains reports of
the proceedings of the House by recognized offi-
cers of the House.
The SPEAKER. What has made it the offi-
cial report:
Mr. STANLY. The reporters, whom we rec-
ognize as officers of the House, and to whom we
gave last year extra compensation as officers of
the House. The Globe is paid for by the col-
umn by this House, is fraoked and distributed as
a public document. 1 trust the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution can only be introduced by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HARRIS. I withdraw my objection. It
was only that I desired a rigid adherence to the
rules that I objected.
Mr. SMART. As the gentleman has made al-
lusion to me, I trust the House will indulge me in
a remark or two. I ask it of the genetosity of
the House.
[Cries of '• Go on " Go on !'']
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before the
body for consideration.
Mr. SMART. In reply to the gentleman from
North Caiolina, I will state, that on the day he
has specified, I did submit a resolution relative to
the seizure of the Georgiana and the Susan Loud,
two vessels owned by persons residing in my sec-
tion of country. One of them was the property
of persons living in the town where I have the
happiness of residing. I had great difficulty in
getting that resolution in, and after it was intro-
duced, 1 attempted to make a statement of the sub-
ject to wiiicii it had reference, but was immedi-
ately interrupted, I think by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stan*lt] himself, by objec-
tions to my proceeding. I then did what has been
the custom of members during the whole of this
Congiess. I stated that I would send to the re-
porters the remarks I had prepared on the sub- '
ject, for publication. I did so; and I have to say,
in vindication of myself, that the same tiling has
been done, according to my recollection, more than
fifty limes during the present Congress. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chakdi.eu,] who
belongs to the gentleman's own party, submitted
and had published a tariff speech under the same
circumstances.
I wish to say to the tenileman, however, and to
those with whom he ucis m this House, that I am
ready and willing, herear J everywhere, to defend
what I say, whether i be verbally or in writing.
I stand here abundcruly able to take care of my-
self with regard toany assertions I may make, let
them be where they will. I will abide by every
word of that speeih. I aiow it as mine, and I
am ready here, when opportunity is afforded me,
to defend it. I can only say now, that, in my
opinion, this Administration has been grossly re-
miss in not performing duties incumbent upon it,
in not taking care of the interests of my constitu-
ents.
The Spanish Government seized two vessels
belonging to my section of country—one belong-
ing to the district I have the honor to represent
upou this floor, without any shadow of authority.
It confiscated those vessels to its own use two
years ago, and up to this time not one cent of in-
demnification has been obtained. I ask what is
the object of Government, if it be not to protect
each individual member of it? I say, sir, that if
you neglect, individual cases of outrage on your
citizens and on your flag, the time will come when 1
jou will be insulted by every petty power existing '1
on the face of the globe. I regret extremely, that
anything I have published sfiould cause uneasiness
to my political opponents; but I have only pub-
lished what I believed to be the truth, and what,
so believing, I am willing to stand by. i
I repeat, that I have only done what other o
members did. I sent that speech to the reporters
to be published, because I had not the oppor-
tunity of delivering it. I had no other earthly
opportunity to get the facts of the case before this
body than the one I availed myself of. The resolu-
tion related to an important matter. You may say
what you will about difficulties and collisions witn
the Spanish Government, but there is not a soli-
tary case on record equaling the one now in ques-
tion in hardship and outrage. Few cases can be
presented where a more highhanded outrage has
been committed by one nation on the citizens of
another.
What were the facts? Two vessels cleared at
New Orleans for Chagres 
Mr. HUNTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Air. SMART. The gentleman from North
Carolina has complained that I have printed cer-
tain facts, and I now appeal to the gentleman to
allow me to proceed in the statement of them to
the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want the gentleman
to travel out of his explanation to another subject.
Mr. SMART. I think I can give an explana-
tion that will be highly interesting to the gentle-
man and this whole House.
[Cries all over the Hall of " Go on !" "Go
on!"]
Mr. S., (resuming.) What were the facts of
the case? These two vessels cleared at New Or-
leans on the 25th of April and 1st of May, 1850,
with passengers and provisions for Chagres.
Whilst proceeding on their voyage, they were
met by head winds and adverse currents, and
obliged to stop at the Island of Contoy, in the
Mexican dominions. They lay at anchor there
on the 18th of May, 1850, when the war steamer
Pizarro, and brig-of-war Habanero, came up
under the command of the Spanish General of
Marine, and seized them, their officers, crewB, and
passengers. I have not the time now to narrate
the outrages inflicted upon the men thus captured.
I can only say at present that they put them in
irons, and took them, with the vessels, to Havana,
in Cuba, and that after reaching Havana, they
were confined, as I have understood, in loathsome
prisons; that they had a secret trial; and that such
as the Spanish Government desired were convicted.
The captain of the Georgiana, and other officers
of the vessels, were convicted and taken to Spain,
and our Government pusillanimously, in my judg-
ment, waited for them to be pardoned. The Gov-
ernment had previously taken patriotic ground; it
had declared, under General Taylor, that those
men had committed no act of hostility against
Spain, and had sent word by Commodore Morrii
to the Spanish authorities in Cuba to deliver them
up—that they were under the protection of the
American eagle. The Government had said they
should not be tried by Spanish laws; that they
were not amenable to the Spanish authorities, be-
cause they had committed no offense against Span-
ish laws.
That was the ground the Government took.
Yet after taking thatground, I repeat, they waited
for these men to be tried, convicted, taken to
Spain, and afterwards pardoned. They.received,
as I have said in the remarks of which the gentle-
man complains, as a pardon what they should
have demanded as a right. In my judgment, our
vessels of war should have recaptured the Georgi-
ana and Susan Loud, and 1 think that would be
the sentiment of the American people. TheSpan-
ish authorities proceeded against the captured ves-
sels, and finally confiscated them to their own use.
They were worth upwards of $30,000, and up to
this time no remuneration has been made for them.
What was the justification ? These vessels, up to
the period of their seizure, had not been in Spanish
waters, or under Spanish jurisdiction. I ask you,
Mr. Speaker, and members of the House, particu-
larly the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] who called the attention of the House
to this subject, whether the Spanish Government
can try, convict, and punish citizens of another
nation for acts committed without their territory
and jurisdiction ! I say they cannot, and so says
every man who knows anything about interna-
tional law. These men committed no offense
against Spanish laws—none within Spanish juris-
diction. Then, how were they to be convicted
there? Why, the Spanish Qovernment said they
were pirates, and that therefore they would con-
vict them.
