170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec; 29j
But what are the facts in relation to this matter ?
I understand that piracy consists in depredating
upon the high seas. That is piracy, and that is
the definition given by writers on international
law. It consists in plundering, destroying, and
murdering on the high Beas by persons who have
no regular commission from any Government.
Were these men guilty of piracy? What did
they do to make them pirates? They simply took
on board their vessels at New Orleans, they
having regularly cleared for Chagres,certain men
and provisions, and went as far as Contoy, where
they were taken. They committed no act of pi-
racy; they plundered no one upon the high seas;
they had no armament on board their vessels to
attack anybody. I do not say here, because I do
not know, what the intention of the men on board
these vessels might have been. I do not even
know what was the intention of their captains or
crews; but I do know this fact, that whatever
their intention may have been, they should not be
punished by Spain for an intention alone. I know
that " the intention to commit crime does not con-
stitute crime." Even had they intended to invade
Cuba, and gone as far as the Island of Contoy, and
there anchored, thev had not as yet committed
any offense against Spain, and she had no earthly
right to seize and confiscate those vessels, and
punish theirofficers, passengers, and crews. I am
very glad that the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Stanly] has called attention to this subject,
because it has enabled me to do what I should not
have had an opportunity to do this session. You
know, Mr. Speaker, how difficult it is when a
member has a subject of real importance, and a
matter of real interest, to get a hearing upon it.
Everything else can be heard; everything else can
be talked about; everything else can be done in
this House but the proper business of the House.
If there is an actual grievance; if there are men in
my district who have really suffered by the re-
missness of the Government, and have had an
outrage committed upon them, why, I cannot be
heard here!—there is no time; and but for the
gentleman's movement, I should not have been
heard now. I am glad that he has given me this ,
opportunity, for I wish the country to understand
this question. I know not the views of any per-
son in authority in this Government; nor do I
know the views of any person who is to have
authority in the Government upon this question;
but I wish to say one thing upon myown respon-
sibility here, and it is, that if I had anything
to do with this matter, I would for one vote to
authorize this Government to make reprisals of
Spanish property at once, unless they would make
satisfaction to those citizens who have suffered.
I think it the duty of this Government to take up
this subject, and actupon it in earnest. It matters
Hot where these men are—whether they be in arg- '< a party character.
ing my views upon this subject in writing to (he
reporters for publication. 1 do not wish to make
a false issue.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman will not go
the way I go,jf he talks about " filibustering,"
as he has this morning. 1 do not intend to allow
the excitement into which the gentleman has lashed
himself so unnecessarily this morning to take me
away from the real issue before the House. I
want the gentleman's views corrected. I do not
intend to allow his remarks of a party kind to
throw me off the balance, nor do I intend to in-
dulge in remarks against filibustering in general,
or allow him to excite party spirit here. Now,
the gentleman is altogether mistaken in some re-
marks he has made. I stated in the outset—and
if I did not, I state it now—that I notified the gen-
tleman from Maine of ray intention to call the
attention of the House to it this morning. I dis-
claimed any personal unkindness to him, as I now
do. He is mistaken when he says this practice
has been indulged in before. To my knowledge
there is but one instance of it before.
Mr. SMART. I recollect one or two. The
fentlemen from Mississippi [Messrs. Brown and
REEMiN] submitted speeches in the same man-
ner. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chandler,] and the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Walsh,] upon the same side of politics with
the gentleman from North Carolina, also submit-
ted speeches in the same manner.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman is mistaken.
It has been a habit indulged in by the House for
some years past, when a gentleman has not time
to finish a speech under the one hour rule, for him
to say that he gives notice that he will file one and
publish it in the Appendix to the Congressional.
Globe. He asks leave to do so, and that is gen-
erally granted, as a matter of course, and it can-
not well be refused.
Mr. SMART. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman, but I do so now to say, that these
speeches went into the regular edition of the Daily
Globe.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman says that these
speeches went into the regular proceedings'of the
Daily Globe. J think the gentleman is mistaken.
What sort of speeches were they ? Did they bear
hard upon any party? Did they refer to any in-
dividual unkindly? Did. they say hard and un-
kind things against the &dmmiatration, without
having their friends heard ? No, sir; the gentle-
men merely expressed their views upon some ab-
stract question, reflecting on no individual and on
no party.
Mr. SMART. I say that such speeches have
been submitted. The speeches of my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] and the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Walsh] were decidedly of
mote Slate of the Union or not-.whether they be one
or maiiy; whether they be high or loar, rich or poor,
they are American citizens, and American citizens
have a right to claim the protection of this Govern-
ment. When you cease to protect the rights of even
one individual, you may soon find the rights of all
Mr. STANLY. I think that the gentleman is
mistaken so far as my friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] is concerned, as he is generally
right. If he diu that, he has done wrong once
since he has been a member of Congress.
Mr. CHANDLER, Since I am so near right,
jrour citizens infringed upon. Protect your rights i I beg leave to say that the speech which I pub
in the person of the humblest, if you wish vour lished under the rule was no more a party speech
people generally to be safe from foreign aggression. , than that it took one side ofaquestion upon'polit-
Is tfte true principle. I again thank the gen- | ical economy, and I hope that will remain a party
measure for a great while. [Laughter.]
^r- STANLY. I hope not. The tariff ought
not to be a party measure, but a national measure.
I desire to correct an abuse, which gentlemen upon
both sides of the House admit as one. If gentle-
men will hear the resolution, they will see that it
tAvlllflA IhA   A i !  _ ' - _ ,1 T"-*  *1 ■
I again thank the gen
deman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanlt] for
calling my attention to this subject. He h«s given
ihe an opportunity which I should not have had
otherwise during this session.
Mr. STANLY. 1 am sorry the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Snimt} has suffered himself to be so
!TnUtC I k.ind; 1 ■ forbids the reporters putting'into the Daily Globe
Dot thst tn€ 1B8Q# mfnrA m   4 .■ _ .
not see that the issue before the House is changed
at all. I am not discussing the propriety of the
conduct of the American Government Or this Ad- :
ministration, in their management of the affairs re- |
bating to those two vessels, Georgiana and Susan i
Loud, about which my friend from Maine makes '
ft good deal of loud, noise. That is not the issue
feefore the House now, nor ean the gentleman from
Maine drive me from the issue which I wish to
present to this House, by attempting to arouse
party feeling.
Mr. SMART. Will the gentleman allow me
one moment? I do not wish to do that;and I do
not know but what I will be willing to go with the
gentleman in adopting his rule, so" that it will ap-
ply to others as well as myself. I have only done
what has been done by other members in present-
speeches which were not made in the House. If j
a gentleman chooses to make speeches for his con- !
stituents, write out his essays and read them—and :
a very bad habit it is—and puts them into the
" Appendix," he is understood to he accountable
to his constituents for what he says; but I object
to this practice which the gentleman from Maine
says erronously—with all respect to him—has
always been indulged in here. Now, let us hear
what the gentleman from Maine says in this
speech of his of which I complain, and which I
read over hastily, in the first place, the gentle-
man is mistaken when he says I interrupted him
after he started to make his speech to the House
Mr. SMART. I was not certain. I thought it
was the genttetoian's voice.
Mr. STANLY. So far as I recollect the gen-
tleman made no effort to make a speech. He only
asked permission to introduce that resolution, and
'i asked the gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw
his objection.
Mr. SMART. I know that the gentleman
would not wish to put me in the wrong. I will
say that I did attempt to make a statement, but
the confusion was very great in the Hall. Ob-
jection being made, I stated that I would hand my
remarks to the reporters.
Mr. STANLY. He asked no leave to file his
speech, that I heard. The gentleman says that he
did not make the speech. That is the thing of
which I complain, for if he had, he would have
given notice to us all, and from the position which
j the gentleman occupied in ihis House, wre should
| have looked to what he said about us, and read
, his speech. He made in part* the speech this
morning which he made out and publishel yester-
day, and he has traveled this morning over the
whole ground of yesterday's speech pretty well,
and made a strong party argument. What he
said this morning is a mere diluted statement of
what he said yesterday.
But hear some portions of the speech of yester-
day—not that of to-day, for I will not reply to that
now. fhe gentleman says that these ships—the
Georgiana and the Susan Loud—after they went
to Contoy, took in cas^s " which were tai4 to con-
tain machinery, but turned out to contain arms."
The gentleman is no fillibuster, or flibustier, but
he thinks that these poor people—these captains,
his constituents, entirely innocent in the matter.
No matter how wrong the men were who were
on board the vessels, these captains were quite
i right to take on board cases which were taid to con-
| tain machinery, but which did contain arms. But
' to go on: what else did the gentleman say? He
! says:
" I do not wish to complain, hut I think our Government
has been tardy, if not negligent in Ihis matter. The Geor-
giana and Susan Loud were confiscated by the Spanish au-
thorities in July, 1850, and up to this time no indemnifica-
tion has been obtained byourGovernmPnt. The Americnn
Government, stranqe as it may seem, has been more prompt
to indemni fy Spanish subjects for the destruction of Spanish
property."
Now, Mr. Speaker, that is a reflection upon this
House, and upon Congress. If I mistake not,
Congress passed that tew to indemnify Spanish
subjects, under the able lead of the gentleman who
is at the head of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
of this House. The Administration has not been
to blame about it. It is Congress that has beeii to
blame, and the gentleman from Maine ought to
direct his shafts at the proper quarter, and not as-
| sail the present Administration for that which
Congress itself did. Now, if all that had been
said upon the floor of this House, some one of us
would have had a chance to reply to the gentleman.
He goes on further in the same strain. I do not
wish to consume the time of the House by com-
menting on the speeeh further than to show its
[ i character. It contains long quotations from docu-
! mentg, and has evidently been very elaborately
j prepared. I suppose the Maine Legislature is in
i session ; and that an election for Senator, or some
i other important election is coming on, and be
wants to show the people there that he stands up
i f°r their rights—and may be for his own, too.
j Perhaps the gentleman wishes to be sent to the
Senate upon this question of the ■' Georgiana and
[ Susan Loud." Well, I hope he may succeed. I
know of no better man of his party in his State,
who could be sent here. Still, I do not think it
was fair to represent us upon this side of the House
as having sat still and heard the Administration
1 assailed without attempting to defend it, when the
! gentleman did not really say one word against the
Administration.
Again, the gentleman says:
j " It will thus be seen how emphatic our Government ha 
been ( * language) upon the subject of the seizwe and con-
; nscation of these vessels; and yet I regret to pay their own-
| era nave received not one cent in the way of indemnifica-
i tion."
i Then he goes on to express the same opimort
| which he expressed this morning', that the Gov-
I ernment ought to make war upon Spain, as he
thirties General Jackson would have done. He
says:
" But Mr. Fillmore shrunk from a maintenance of the un-
questionable convictions of the Government, with such
demonstration as those convictions would fully justify. He
waited^withoutany forcible interposition, for the Spanish
authorities to convict and pardon several of our citizens,
who were on board these vessel#. He received as a par-
