1862.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
den, what should have beei^ demanded a* a rirtt, and in-
sisted on, if need be, at the cannon's month. The property
of our citizens, amounting to more than thirty thousand dol-
lars, tw has suffered the Finnish Government to retain, and
bo ntiat'actioa ha* bean made to those who were captured,
for their unjuet detention. YVearealliuterealedin tUisex
traorduiar) proceeding. Should our Government continue
such a liin'ijn policy as it has lately pursued in its inter- ■
coarse with Spain, we shall soon l e liable to insult from ev-
er; considerable power nfth* earth. It is refreshing to know
that die time is at hand when it will sot pursue such a
policy."
Now, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Fillmore'a Administra-
tion is going out of power. It has 119 longer the
rewards and emoluments of office to give. The
man who praises that Administration now, cannot
be suspected of
" Crooking the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift may follow fawuing."
And,sir, I say, that although the Whig party has
been as Lwuily beaten as ever party was on earth,
we can hare most glorious recollections of the con-
duct of this Administration in the management of
t lie foreign affairs of the country. Further than
that* I tell the gentleman from Maine, that if his
friends come into power and follow the filibuster-
ing doctrines which he has given expression to
tins morning—although I do not believe they will
—four years hence, there will not be an honest
man among them who will not say that he would
rather belong to that party of whose administra-
tion Fillmore was the head, than that successful
Democratic party which came into power on a
whirlwind of public opinion in 1852. The foreign
policy of thia Administration has been honored by
the country, and honored by able and leading
Democrats in this House, and in the Senate. The
gentleman from Maine cannot hurt the Administra-
tion. All I ask is, that when heattacksit, hewill
let us know it, that he will do it openly and above
board, as he has declared with all proper and be-
coming modesty, he is " ready, able, and willing"
to do, and 1 have no doubt of it. After such a
flourish of trumpets, I shall not enter into compe-
tition with the gentleman. After so much boast-
ing, I snail not rashly appear with my sling. I
shall leave it to some other person to meet this
Goliah, who comes forward to annihilate the Ad-
ministration, and assails them asjio genej-ousman
would have done, after the reverses of 1852. I
shall not attempt to do it.
Sir, I do not approve of this new fashion intro-
duced into the House by the gentleman from j
Maine. There wad once, elsewhere, a filibuster- I
ing judge—I will not call him a Democrat—whose
habit was to punish those who appeared before
him, and then to try them. The gentleman from
Maine is following his example. He introduces
a resolution asking information, sends outaspeech
to his constituents condemning the Administration
before hearing, and then is willing to try them af-
ter their answer comes in! Wait till you hear
that answer and see what they have to say for
themselves.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope that resolution will
be adopted for the purpose of correcting what may
become a very great abuse. Let the reporters of
this House report what gentlemen say as it takes
place here. I fa gentleman goes to the reporters and
modifies expressions he has used, it maybe an
indication of good feeling, of that gentlemanly
instinct which prompts a man to assuage or soften
hard words uttered in the heat of debate. But
when a member writes out a party speech of a
harsh and vindictive character, let the reporters
say, " the following paper was handed to us by
Mr. A, B, or C." I do not think it fair, or kind,
or generous to publish such a speech as having
been delivered here,'and thus to represent all those
of us who are friendly to the Administration, and
proud of its good conduct, as sitting here in silence
and never saying a word in its defense. I think
it altogether too smart .or the House of Represent-
atives. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I believe that this prac-
tice of members giving notice of speeches, and
then having them published, has been indulged in
for several years. This is the first time it has
been brought to the attention of the House It
has been done upon both sides of the House, and
I think it a pretty fair practice, too. I think if
gentlemen would file a good many more of their
speeches, and have them printed, it would be quite
as well as to ipake them here. We should save
some money by it, and do more business. I move
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I appeal to th«
gentleman from Illinois to withdraw tnat motion,
to enable me to say a few words of explanation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, I withdraw it.
Mr. BRO WN. I simply wish to say a word in
reply to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr.SMART,] with reference tothespeeches
filed by my colleague [Mr. Freeman] and my-
self during the last session. My colleague deemed
a discussion with reference to our State politics
somewhat uninteresting to the House, and filed
his speech. 1 replied in the same way. I asked
the privilege of doing it, and my speech shows on
its face that it was so filed, and was never deliv- ,
ered to the House.
Mr. FICKLIN. Well, it is not so with all the
speeches filed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 do not think!
it would be proper for the House to adopt the
resolution of the gentleman f*om North Carolina.
Mr. STANLY. Then amend it so as to secure
the object I have in view.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not see how it can be
amended. I concur generally with the remarks
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] on the impropriety of gentlemen hand-
ing in written speeches, and having them put in
the Daily Globe in the full report of the proceed-
ings of the House, as having been made upon the
floor. But if gentlemen think of it, they will see
the great embarrassment attending the passage of
that resolution. If you pass that resolution, what
latitude do you leave to the reporters ? They
would be restricted and restrained from reporting
anything except what was said. Well, sir, who
is to determine what was said? If you allow a
member to go to thereporter to correct his speech,
the reporter may say he will be governed by his
notes; and he may say that that word, or that sen-
tence, or that speech—what amounts to the speech
at least—was not spoken on the floor by the mem-
ber. If you allow the latitude of correcting one
word, it may extend to a sentence, and to the in-
sertion of a number of sentences. The gentleman
from North Carolina must himself perceive the
difficulty and embarrassment that would ensue
from the passage of the resolution as it stands.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia reflects upon the subject, he will see that there
would be no difficulty. The resolution relates to
1 speeches, and not to incidental remarks.
: Mr. STEPHENS. The resolution says speeches
• made on the floor. It is, of all things, perhaps
j the most difficult for a deliberative body, in which
! parties exist as here, to have a correct and impar-
tial report of its proceedings taken. I believe the
only instance where reporters were officially rec-
ognized as such, exeept in this House and as we
recognize them here, that I have ever read of, was
in the French Assembly, in 1793, or "94. They
set about having an exact report of what was said
by each member in debate, without the right to
correct at all. Well, 1 believe their plan was to
have ten reporters. One reporter was to take
down the first sentence, another the second sen-
tence, another the third, and so on, so that there
could be no connection at all between the reporters
to do injustice to members of the opposite side in
i polities, because the majority will always have
control of the reporters. Well, sir, even that
failed. There were complaints of partiality, and
: no doubt just complaints.
1 do not, therefore, see any better way for ns
to do and we all want to have reports—than to
continue to allow members the privilege of correct-
. ing their remarks which is now extended to them.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to that,
j Mr. STEPHENS. I think it would be well
! for the reporters to adopt the suggestion of the
' gentleman.from North Carolina, and that when a
: member hands in a written speech, it should be so
noted. „
Mr. STANLY. That is all I want. That is
i all I ask for. .
Mr. STEPHENS. I think, then, it would be
1 better for the gentleman to withdraw his resolu-
i tion, and let the reporters follow the suggestion.
[ I have no doubt they will do it. The resolution
might be modified.
Mr. STANLY. If the House rejects my res-
olution, how can you expect the reporters to fol-
low the suggestion r • , .
Mr. STEPHENS. As the resolution now
stands, it goes a great deal furthfer. It says that
the reporters of the House shall not report
speeches which have not been made in the House.
Now, that would confine the reporters to their
own notes exclusively, and manifest injustice
might arise from it. The gentleman from North
Carolina will readily Bee this, and so must every
gentleman. As the resolution now stands, I shall
certainly vote against it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I suggest to the gentleman
from North Carolina to add to his resolution the
words " unless by the leave of the House."
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to that.
I only desire that some intimation shall be given
to the reporters that what is not said here is not
to go into the Daily Globe.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding the following:
And that hereafter the rules of thia House shall not be so
construed as lo admit of the discussion of political or
other questions that are not the legitimate subjects of legis-
lation before this body.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
rules of the House cannot be amended in that
way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is, in substance, what the rules now are;
but if they are not the same, it is not competent
for the House to amend them in this manner—pre-
vious notice of the proposed amendment not hav-
ing been given. The Chair is of the opinion that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. FREEMAN. If the Chair will look prop-
erly at the amendment," he will see that it is not a
proposition to amend the rules of the House; it
is simply an amendment of the resolution of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
and provides that hereafter the rules of the House
shall not be so construed as to admit of the latitud-
inous debate which has been allowed heretofore in
the discussion of subjects entirely foreign to any
subject of legislation.
When this subject was before the House the
last session, the Chair expressly stated, that if it
had not been for the fact that it had been hereto-
fore decided by the House that such latitudinous
debate should be allowed, he would have decided
otherwise; thereby declaring the sense of the
I House and of the Chair that it was the practice,
and not the rules of the House, which governed
their conduct in allowing this kind of debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr, FREEMAN. I was simply explaining
my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides the amend-
ment to be out of order; and the gentleman can-
not discuss it, unless he appeals from that de-
cision.
Mr. FREEMAN. If I appeal from that de-
cision, am I entitled to discuss it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may discuss
the appeal.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. WILCOX. I move to lay the whole snb-
i ject on the table.
Mr. FREEMAN. Did not the Chair decide
that I might discuss the appeal ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decided.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then I do not yield th«
floor to my colleague to make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. 1 move to lay
the appeal upon the table.
The SPE AKER. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Freeman] appeals from the decision
! of the Chair, and proposes to discuss that appeal.
That gentleman is therefore entitled to the floor,
j and the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Johnson}
1 cannot make his motion.
Mr. FREEMAN. I will confine my remarks
j strictly to the appeal. Inasmuch as the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Stanlt] how pro-
poses to remedy this abuse, I will say'that 1 do
not think his resolution should be taken in an of-
fensive sense by any one. I have availed myself
of the kindness of the House, to publish remarks
I did not deliver, simply because it was the cus-
tom of the Houee; but 1 think it a bad rule. I do
not object to members correcting their speeches;
but I think.it #rong to change the character of
the subject of their remarks in any degree whatever.
I think it wrong to prepare a new speech in that
manner which was not delivered in the House, and
to which no member of the House could have aA
