l?2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
opportunity of making a reply. I think the resolu-
tion should not be considered as applying to the
eentleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] especially,
Ibecause he has simply followed the course pur-
sued by other members of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of or-
der. The gentleman is discussing the resolution,
and not his appeal from the decision of the Chair,
f ask that he may be confined to the question be-
fore the House.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia undertakes to decide a question which it is
proper for the Chair to decide. If he were in the
Chai.' and made that decision, I should take an
issue upon it before the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that the Chair will de-
ride between the gentleman and myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Mississippi to be describing the
nature of the resolution, to show that his amend-
ment was in order, and that it was not changing
the rules of the House. The Chair thinks that
the gentleman has the right to make that course of
remark.
Mr. FREEMAN. I have but a remark more
to make. The Chair must see that this amend-
ment is simply a declaration upon the part of the
House, that the rules of the House shall not be
construed as they heretofore have been. The
language of the rule, as everybody admits, is, in
substance, that subjects foreign to that of legisla-
tion shall not be discussed here; but the custom
of the House has been to allow such topics to be
discussed. The amendment, upon its face, does
not purport to be a change of the rule, and it is
not. It is simply a construction of the rule to
provide against the custom of the House having
an effect above the rule, as it has heretofore done.
I think, then, the amendment is not only in order
upon this ground, but it is germane to the origin-
al proposition. What was the object of the gen-
■Jeman from North Carolina, in offering his reso-
lution, but to correct what he thought was wrong
in the practice of the House, with regard to the
publication of speeches. If, then, it be wrong to
publish a speech never made in the House, how
much more offensive to our sense of justice is it to
allow speeches to be made in this House, which i
have no connection with the questions before the '
House.
Every member in this House knows that there |
is a certain gentleman upon this floor who never 1
fails, when an opportunity presents itself, to rise
in his place and make speeches which are coarsely
insulting to every member from the slaveholding
States. Yet, by courtesy, we sit still and make
no reply to speeches of this character. Topics
of legislation entirely foreign to the Federal Gov-
ernment, and pertaining only to the States, are
discussed in a manner offensive to the sensibil-
ities of every honorable gentleman. Language
is used which must be disgusting to every one;
and yet, under the construction given to this rule,
a member is permitted to talk upon what subject
he pleases. They are permitted to talk upon the
subject of presidential, elections; and during the
last session of Congress a large portion of the time
of this House was spent, day after day, in listening
to speeches upon that subject, which could notpos-
sibly have any connection with the legislation of
the country. Sir, the country is crying out every-
where against this squandering of the people's
money and thf people's time. This very Hall is
becoming a by-word and a reproach throughout
the land. And we are doing the very same thing
the present session. We have spentalready nearly
a month, and yet not the first item of practical
business has been done. The eye of the nation
is upon us, and shall we refuse to alter this con-
struction of the rules ?
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will modify my resolution, at the suggestion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor.]
I propose to add the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing m this resolution shall prevent
notes" '" correcting or revising ffic reporter'*
The SPEAKER. The modification will be
made, unless there be objection.^
There was no objection, and tmi resolution was
accordingly modified.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the reso-
lution offered by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina should be adopted. The practice of which
! the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Freeman]
, complains, of discussing everything not before the
House, is not applicable to the resolution of the
' gentleman from North Carolina. The speeches
to which the gentleman alludes, are made in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
whether right or wrong, they are made under the
construction given to the rule, that when the Com-
mittee of the^Whole on the state of the Union have
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly a certain measure, a member may speak
about anything which pertains to the Union. The
rule requires in the House, and in Committee of
the Whole House, that the member shall confine
himself to the question under consideration.
But the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina does not prohibit members from printing
what they please, under the permission of the
House; it only prohibits the reporters of this
House—the official reporters, made so, by the dif-
ferent resolutions of the House, employing them
and paying them by the column for reporting, and
by taking a certain number of copies of their report
for the use of the members of the House—or ra-
ther directs that these official reporters shall not
hereafter report in the Daily Globe, as a part of
the proceedings of the House, speeches or re-
marks which were not delivered in the House,
unless by its permission.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Suppose you adopt this
resolution, and a gentleman gets up and proposes
to have a speech printed; you will have to read it
here to see whether any member will object.
They might as well deliver them all here.
Mr. SWEETSER. I understand the question
before the House is on the appeal of the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Freeman] from the
decision of the Chair. .
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr. SWEETSER. Then I object to this dis-
cussion.
Mr. FREEMAN. I withdraw the appeal.
Mr. JONES. I thought the appeal had been
withdrawn before, and I was speaking to the res-
olution. This resolution applies to the reporting
and publishing in the Daily Globe. The Daily
Globe is a mere session paper, the great object of
which is, that the proceedings of the House may
be laid on the table of each member the morning j
after, that he m*y have an opportunity of correct-
ing what he is there reported to have said, and
to place himself right in the Congressional Globe;
i and his remarks as corrected go into the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix, which are the perma-
nent reports of this and the other brsnch of Con-
gress.
There is nothing, however, in .the resolution of
the gentleman from North Carolina which will pre-
vent any gentleman, or prohibit him in the least,
from correcting his remarks as furnished by the
reporter, before they are inserted in the Daily
Globe. ,
This proviso whieh the gentleman has attached to :
his resolution as a modification would obviate any
difficulty at all; and even should there be a ques-
tion between the reporter and the member re- ■
ported, whether the reporter was right or not, of
course the reporter would yield to a member if he
stated that he was not reported correctly. It will
not prevent any gentleman from publishing a
speech." The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] inquired "if we would not be compelled to
have the speech read ? No, sir. If this resolution
be adopted and a gentleman rises to ask permis-
sion to have such remarks as he has written out,
or shall write out, published, ;t will appear in the
report that he asked for that permission, that it was
granted, and that the speech was not delivered in i
the House. All that this resolution Joes is to
provide that such speeches as are covered by it
shall not be reported as a part of the proceedings
which' actually did occur in the House; and I ,
think that the resolution in itself is right and !
should be adopted.
Mr. EWING here obtained the floor. j
Mr. SMART. I ask the gentleman from Ken-1
tbcky to allow me to make one remark personal I
to myself, and then I will have done. j
Mr. EWING. I yield to the gentleman for a !
nromerit.
Mr. SMART. I wish simply to say that sev-
eral gentlemen here informed me that they heard
me give notice that I would hand my remarks to
the reporter;* among others Mr. Breckinridge,
Mr. Chandler, and Mr. Ficklin.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. In justice to my
colleague, I wish to say, that although I sit at a
considerable distance from him, I distinctly heard
. him make the announcement in question, and heard
no objection. I know my colleague is incapable
of publishing any remarks which he would not be
willing to avow on the floor of the House.
Mr. STANLY. That shows the necessity for
the passage of the resolution, that justice may be
done to thejmembers when they state to the House
their intention to publish a speech.
Mr. EWING. I did not design to add any
thing to this debate, as I see that it has already
progressed further than is agreeable to the House,
but that the general tendency of the remarks made
has been, as I humbly conceive, in the wrong di-
rection. I think it is theconviction of most ofthe
members of this House, that this is an abuse, and
a growing abuse. Some perhaps think that it is
impossible to correct it. I think, for my own
Sart, that the resolution of the gentleman from
forth Carolina [Mr. Stanlt] will have that ef-
fect. At first, sir, the difficulty which seems to
have occurred to the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] presented itself to my mind, but
I can perceive a broad and easy distinction between
a member's being allowed to correct the notes of
the reporter—which is necessary in justice to him-
self, in order that he may not be misrepresented,
because those notes do not always present an ac-
curate report of what is said upon this floor, and
unless members were allowed a revision of those
notes, no correct report would be made—and his
being permitted to publish, as a speech made upon
this floor, remarks which were never uttered
here.
I would remark, by the way, that perhaps it
would be the very best method Of correcting this
and other abuses growing out of a morbid desire
to make speeches upon this floor, to abolish every
thing like an official report. There is an abun-
dance of newspapers in the land, and a great
abundance of reporters. If anything is said here,
of sufficient interest to the people at large, to at-
tract attention, it will be published in the papers.
If not, and a gentleman wishes to put himself cor-
rectly upon record, let him publish his own speech
j at fifty cents per liundred, or a dollar a hundred,
| if he wishes to make a long one. [Laughter.]
\ I believe, sir, that would be the surest, ana per-
haps the only effectual mode of correcting these
abuses. The idea of a man's publisliinga speech
as having been made upon this floor, and having
it so stated in the report, when it never was made
upon this floor, is certainly an abuse, because it is
a fraud, and is false. -
I mean no disrespect to the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Smart] in these remarks, for he has
only conformed, in the publication of his speech,
as he has already remarked, to a custom already
introduced. But it is an abuse, nevertheless, and
an untruth, one of those conventional untruths,
in the perpetration of which no man violates the
ordinary sense of justice, but still it is not true to
say. that this speech was made upon the floor of
the House, when no such speech ever was made,
and when the gentleman dia not even get so far as
to say "Mr. Speaker."
Now, sir, I think it unfortunate, and simply
unfortunate, to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr*
Smart,] that this discussion should have arisen
upon his own call, as it is not the first occurrence,
by any means, of that kind. But considering the
importance of the speech, its subject and doubt-
less its able character, he must permit me to say,
that I think this the most silent speech, I will not
say I have ever heard, btit seen, upon so " loud" a
question.
The abuse should be corrected. As to the idea of
a gentleman being allowed to print a speech by
general consent, I do not think it ought ever to be
permitted, whether read here or not. I think, if it
is permitted, it should be stated in that report
exactly to what extent the permission has been
granted, and that the report, being made officially
and at the public expense, as nearly as possible
c, * K?Porter fue'6 '* to be his duty to say that Mr.
Smart did distinctly state to the House his intention to pub-
lish the remarks which he was prevented from delivering;
out the Reporter tools the liberty, as be bad done on several
previous occasions, to omit thein, in order to preserve reg-
ularity in the proceedings.
