180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan.
Brenton, ABrnl G. Lewis D. Campbell,
Chandler, Chasiaia, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Darby, |
Geonr T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dean. Disney, Uockery,
Duncan, Picklin, Freeman, Thomas J• D. Fuller, Gaylonl,
Goodenow, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hascall, Hendricks, Heon, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston,
Howard, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones. George W. Jones, George G.
King, Karta, Lockhart, Mason, Miller, Millson, Molo-
By, Murphy, Murray, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Powell,
Robinson, David L. Seymour, Smith, Frederick P. Stan-
ion, Thaddeus Stevens, Sutheriand, Venable, Walsh, Wat-
kins, Addison White, Wilcox,and Yates—67.
XAYS—Messrs. Abeicroinbte, Willis Allen, John Apple-
Ira, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bell, Bocock, Breckin-
ridge, Briggs, Buell, Burrows, Burt, Joseph Cable, Cald-
well, Chamnan, Clark, Cleveland, Conger, Curtis, Doty,
Eastman, Ewing, Floyd, Giddinss, Gilmore, Green, Grey,
Grow, Harper, Haven, llebard, Hereford, John W. Howe,
Ives, Jenkins, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert \V.
Johnson, Preston King, Letcher, Little, Martin, McMullin,
Meacham, John Moore, Morrison, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Sam-
uel W. Parker, Peun, Robie, Ross, Sabine, Sackett, Scnd-
der, Origen S. Seymour, Smart, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Richttrd H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuart,Sweet
ser, Thurston. Townshend, Walbridge, Wallace, Ward,
Welch, Wildnck, Williams, and Woodward—73.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. A communication from the
Navy Department, in relation to the purchase of
some real estate at the navy-yard at Norfolk, was
upon my motion referred to the Committee on
Ways and Means. In conversation with some
members of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I un-
derstand that they have that subject before them,
and desire this communication to go to that com-
mittee. I move a reconsideration of the vote, in
order to send it to that committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. I believe it is from some con-
versation with me that the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] has made this motion; but
he misunderstood the remarks I made to him. I
did not tell him that we had the particular subject
to which this communication refers under consid-
eration. 1 told him that the Committee on Naval
Affairs had all similar subjects under considera-
tion—everything relating to naval contracts; and
that this related to that subject, and properly be-
longed to that committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let it go there.
You ought to have it.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection be made,
the change will be ordered.
Mr. STANLY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the House refused to agree
to the resolution offered by Mr.H*B.att,and to jay
that motion up«n the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
BANKING IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. DOTY. J ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution. It is with reference to banking
practiced in this city. The resolution reads as
follows:
Retoleti, That a select committee of three members be
appointed by the Speaker, to inquire whether the 5th sec-
tion of the act to revive and extend the charters of certain
Banks ia the District of Columbia, which prohibited the
lSHUtug of bills of a less denomination than one dollar, and
which expired on the 4th day of July, 1844, ought to be re-
vived : And also, whether any, and if so, what legislation is
required to prevent unauthorized or private banking, the
issuing or circulating bank notes by unchartered banks, or
fee baying aad selling of bank Botes, within the District of
Colombia; or to prevent the issuing of notes or certificates
of die similitude of bank notes for circulation by unauthor-
ized companies, banks or individuals, whether they afe
payable in specie or the notes of banks; and also, whether
■aid notes or certificates are issued in the said District, or
Int put in eirculation elsewhere in the United States: and
report the names of the persons who are engaged in issuing
or circulating notes of either of the descriptions aforesaid;
and that said committee be authorized to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. FICKL1N. I will say to my friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] that this matter has been
inquired into by the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and I have had a bill in my desk for
six months, but have not had an opportunity to
report it. It will take no longer to report a bill
than it wilt a resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
Is tfoe cf*tt upon States for petitions, commencing
with Maine.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House adjourn.
"the question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the House adjourned until Monday next, at
-twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, fcc. |
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. I VF.S: The petition of Horace Dunbar and 90
others, citisens of Camden, New York, and vicinity, for
breakwaters at Cape Vincent harbtir, New York.
By Mr. HEBARD: The petition of S. M. Walton and
158 others, legal voters of Montpelier, Vermont, asking for
the appointment of aCoogress of Nations to settle national
disputes, and for the prevention of war.
By Mr. BUF.LL: The petition of Daniel D. Ellis and
others, asking indemnity for losses sustained in loaning the
United States money, &c., in 1778.
By Mr. WALLACE: The petition of the heira-at-law of
Dr. Jose lleaty.
By Mr. FREEMAN: A petition, with an accompanying
bill, for the grant nf lands to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railways within the States of Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Alabama.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Mississippi, rela-
tive to the swamp lands heretofore granted by Congress to
that State.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Mississippi, pray-
ing the establishment of a post route from Aberdeen to Ya-
xoo City, in said State.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The memorial of the citi
sens of Georgetown, D. C., very numerously signed, pray-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for the erection of
a custom house in that city.
By Mr. MILLSON: The memorial of General James
Bankhead, Major George D. Ramsay, Major L. G. Arnold,
and other officers of the United Slates Army, praying the
repeal or modification of the eleventh section of the act of
3d March, 1847, relaUug to sutlers.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 3, 1853.
, Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Hon. Sam Houston, from the State of
Texas, and the Hon. George W. Jones, from
the State of Iowa, appeared in their seats to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a report ot the Secretary of the Senate, show-
1 ing the payments made from the contingent fund
of the Senate for the year ending December 4,
1852; which was ordered to lie upon the table and
be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
accompanied by a communication from the Com- 1
missioner of the General Land Office, with the an-
| nual reports of the Surveyors General of California
and Oregon; which was read.
PETITIONS, ETC. j
Mr. WADE presented a document ia support
of Che claim of Doty Richards to prize money for '
assisting in the capture of the British sloop Ven- 1
ture, during the last war with Great Britain;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Livingston county, New York, praying
that pensions and bounty land may be allowed to
soldiers of the revolutionary war, or their widows,
upon proof of sixty days'service; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of members
of the bar of Windham, Connecticut, praying for
a distribution of the reports of the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Haven, Con-
necticut, praying that the bill giving further rem-
edies to patentees may become a law; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a memorial of B. P. Gold, of New Ha-
ven, Connecticut, alleging that he has discovered
the means of manufacturing American fine sheet-
iron fully equal to the best Russia sheet-iron, and
praying for the patronage and protection of the
Government; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Maine, praying the establishment of a
custom-house at Island Pond, Vermont; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WELLER presented five memorials of cit-
| izens of California, praying the repeal of the law
; which prohibits the receipt of the issues of the
United States assay office in payment of dues to
the United States; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the proprie-
tors of the New York and Havre mail steamers,
praying the Government to grant them such fur-
ther aid as will enable them to pursue the service
withqut niin to themselves, or to purchase their
ships at equitable rates; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of the removal of
the bar of Volusia, on LakeGeorge, Florida; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida,
in regard to the establishment of a land office at
Tampa, Florida; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered t® be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida,
in favor of the establishment of a port of delivery
at Bayport, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida,
in favor of a mail route from Tampa to Fort Mel-
lon, and the establishment of a mail route, by
water, from Tampa to Old Tampa bay; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I present a petition of sea-
men of the Navy, who served both at sea and on
land during the late war with Mexico, represent-
ing that they shared the dangers and deprivations
of the army without receiving like benefits, and
praying some additional compensation. As I
submitted a bill on this subject the other day, Mr.
President, which went through the second read-
ing, granting the relief prayeu for, and which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, I
move a reference of this petition to that commit-
tee, as the subject is now pending before them.
It was so referred.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of J. Lo-
gan Chipman, in behalf of his wife and other
children of Kenainsie Shawanah, a Chippewa
chief, praying the payment of an tymount due
them under the Ottawa and Chippewa treaty of
1836; which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
ANESTHETIC PROPERTIES OF ETHER.
Mr. SMITH. I presentthememorial of Charles
T. Wells, bv his next friends, Thomas S.Wil-
liams and Thomas C. Brownell, stating that Dr.
Horace Wells, deceased, was the discoverer of
the availability of anaesthetic agents in surgical
operations, and praying for some acknowledgment
from the Government. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
The PRESIDENT. It will be qo referred, un-
less objected to.
Mr. BORLAND. Did I understand the Sena-
tor correctly, that that is a memorial in reference
to the anaesthetic properties of ether?
| Mr. SMITH. It is in relation to the discovery
of an anaesthetic agent. I believe it does not say
I anything about ether.
i Mr. BORLAND. That subject is already be-
fore the Committee on Military Affairs, upon a
memorial from another quarter. I think, there-
fore, as the subject is in part before that commit-
tee, and especially as they reported upon it at the
last session, and as there was a discussion here
growing out of that report, the whole subject
'• should oe referred to it.
Mr. SMITH. I am not aware that any rae-
| morial has been presented to the Senate on this
i subject.
I Mr. BORLAND. There has been a memorial
From the surgeons and physicians of Boston pre-
sented, and referred to the Committeeon Military
Affairs, who now have the subject underconsidera-
! tion.
Mr. SMITH. At what time was it presented ?
Mr. BORLAND. Early in the session.
Mr. SMITH. Early in the present session?
Mr. BORLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH. I was not aware of that fact,
Mr. President. The memorial which I present is
from the only son and heir of Dr. Horace Wells,
of Hartford, by his next friends, Bishop Brow-
nell and Judge Williams, late chief justice of our
supreme court, presenting the subject to the con-
sideration of the Senate. I should prefer to have
it referred to some committee of the body, either
a standing committee or a select committee, that
has not formed an opinion on the subject. I have
a proper respect, I believe, for the Committee on
Military Affairs, and as much confidence in that
committee as in any other committee of this hon-
orable body; but it will be recollected that towards
the close of the last session of Congress, that com-
mittee proposed to amend the military appropria-
