184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 3,
the Government by the order or approval of said Morgan;
whether instructions were given to said Morgan by the De-
partment or by anv bureau thereof, to practice his squadron
in naral'evolutions or fleet aailing, and if so, whether said
instructions were obeyed ; whether he was directed to ex-
ercise his men in target tiring, and if so, whether he com-
plied with such directions, and to what extent; whether
there is any rule or regulation of the Department against
naval officers transporting females, members of their fami-
lies, or others, on board ships of-war of the United States,
and if so, whether Commodore Morgan, or any officer under
his command, was guilty of a violation of such regulation ;
whether the broad pennant of Commodore Morgan was
kept flying during the period of his command in the Medi-
terranean, or was at any time taken down, and if so, for
what length of time; whether Commodore Morgan has
been held to answer fbr disobedience of orders, or violations
of regalarions, or neglect of duty while in command of the
naval forces of the United States in the Mediterranean du-
ring the past three years.
assay of gold in california.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
■which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Remind, That the Secretary of the Treasury he required
to furnish the Seaate copies of the letters which have been
sent from, or received by, and of all regulations made, in-
structions issued, and reports received, and of all contracts
made, proposals offered, and bonds taken by the Treasury
Department in relation to the assaying of gold in California
and the reception of gold so assayed by any public officer
- as, or in lien of, gold or silver coin.
hickey's edition of the constitution.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration :
Rnofntd, That the Secretary be directed to procure from
the proprietor, for the use of the Senate, ten thousand
copies of Hickey's edition of the Constitution, with an
Alphabetical Analysis, Washington's Inaugural and Pare-
well Addresses,and other importantstatistical matter, illus-
trative of the genius of the American Government, and
the development of its principles: Provided, That they be
(tarnished at the same price as those last procured for the
use of the Senate.
cuban tripartite treaty.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to allow me
to call up at this time a resolution which I sub-
mitted on a former day, calling upon the President
of the United States for eertam correspondence in
reference to the Island of Cuba. It will be recol-
lected that when I offered that resolution, a debate
ensued, in the course of which, a number of Sen- ■
a tors expressed a desire to be heard, and at their
instance, the resolution was not then acted upon,
but was postponed and made the order of the day
for to-morrow. At the request of some of those
gentlemen—the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Socle] and others—I now ask the Senate to take
np that resolution and pass it, they being satisfied
to adjourn the debate until the information called
for by the resolution shall come in, when, I am
informed, they will address the Senate upon that
subject.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was adopted, as follows:
" Resolved, That the President ofthe United States com-
municate to the Senate, if in his opinion not incompatible
with the public interest, copies of the ' official notes re-
ceived from tha Ministers of France and England, inviting
the Government of the United States to become a party
with Great Britain and France to a tripartite convention, in
virtue of which the three Powers should severally and col-
lectively disclaim now and for the future, all intention to
obtain possession of the Island of Cuba, and should bind
themselves to discountenance all attempts to that effect on
the part of every power or individual whatever;' and of
the reply thereto on the part of this Government, referred to
In his annual message to the two Houses of Congress, on
the M at December."
advances of maine and massachusetts.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill " to remunerate the
States of'Maine and Massachusetts for lands con-
veyed to enaMette United States to fulfill stipula-
tions in the treaty of Washington."
Mr. BRADBURY. There was a mistake in
the original draft of the bill, which it is the design
of the Committee on the Judiciary to correct.
They have therefore instructed me to offer an
amendment, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert the following:
That there stall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to the State of Maine, the sum
of $4(U)S150, and to die Stale ofMassachusetts the sum of
#39,926, in full of all demands for fifty-three thousand four
hundred and fifty-one acres of land belonging to said Suites,
■ml conveyed by them, without consideration, to the settlers
who held nnder grants from the British Government, to en-
able the Government of the United States to fulfill the slip-
illations ofthe fowth article ofthe treaty of Washington.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, ordered .to be
engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. BUTLER subsequently rose and said: Do
I understand that the bill to remunerate Maine and
Massachusetts for lands conveyed to settlers under
the British Government has been passed ?
The PRESIDENT. It has been passed.
Mr. BUTLER. It involves some matters of !
grave consideration, which may deserve theserious
attention of the Senate. I was in the minority in
the Committee on the Judiciary upon that bill. I
do not know that I should desire to be heard upon I
it; but if the Senate are willing to swallow the bill,
I am sure I have no objection.
Mr. BADGER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; which motion was*
agreed to.
He also moved to reconsider the vote ordering
it to a third reading; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I now move that the bill lie
on the table, and be printed as amended.
The motion was agreed to.
richard b. lee.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is a bill
upon the calendar which was reported at the last
session from the Committee on Claims, and al-
though it is a private claim in its character, it is
one in which tne public have a deep interest, be-
cause it is to reimburse an officer of the Army for
money that was lost in transporting it, without
his possession, and which he has since refunded
to the Government in order to prevent the stop-
page of his accounts. It has put him to a great
deal of inconvenience, and I ask, therefore, that
the bill for the relief of Richard B. Lee be taken
up and considered at this time, if the Senate will
take up the bill, and listen to the reading of the
report of the Committee on Claims, (which is a
very short one,) I have no doubt they will pass
the bill without debate.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was ac-
cordingly read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of War to cause to be paid to Rich-
ard B. Lee, late Commissary of the Pacific division
of the Army, gl,175, being for money lost in being
i transported from Honolulu to San Francisco,
j under his charge, for which he accounted to the
Department.
The report was read, from which it appears
that in Febiuary, 1850, MajorLee, in his capacity
of Commissary of Subsistence for the Pacific divis-
ion of the Army, was ordered to proceed to the 1
Sandwich Islands to purchase supplies, and took j
for that purpose $1,11)0 in specie of public funds.
Not being able to carry the money about his per-
son, and not deeming it safe in his trunk, he
shipped it as freight, taking for it a bill of lading.
The master of the vessel absconded, taking the
money, and on being pursued and arrested, it was j
not found in his possession, and could not be re-
covered. An attempt was made to libel the vessel, |
but it was found there was no judicial tribunal then I
existing in California having the necessary juris- ]
diction to detain her, and consequently all efforts
to recover the money failed. The committee think !
that, as Major Lee used proper diligence and en- J
ergy to recover the amount lost, that sum, to- :
gether with $75, paid by him for aid and assist-
ance in endeavoring to recover it, should be reim- !
buraed. 1
Mr. MASON. I observed, in the reading of the
bill that it directs "the Secretary of War" to
cause this amount to be paid. I presume it should
be the Secretary of the Treasury, and therefore I
( move to amend the bill by striking out the word >
I " War,"and inserting the words" the Treasury." j
! The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
I ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
j was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be j
engrossed for a third reading. <
It was subsequently read a third time, and
passed.
james wormsley.
The bill for the relief of Jajnes Wormsley was
read a second time, and on motion of Mr. Sswxrd
the Senate proceeded to consider.it as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. _ It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the n^me of James
Wormsley on the pension r<41 at the rate of four
dollars per month, to commence on. December 14,
1847.
The report of the Committee on Pensions was
read; from which it appeared that Mr. Worms-
ley enlisted as a private soldier in the State of
Rhode Island, in June, 1780, for six months. If
he had served six months he would have been en-
titled, under the act of June 7th, 1832, to a pen-
sion; but it appears from the records on the files
of the Pension Office, that although he was paid
for six months' service, he was discharged befors
the expiration of that time. He served only about
five months, and was not therefore legally and
strictly entitled to a pension; but having been will-
ing to serve out the term for which he enlisted, and
being eighty-three years of age and totally desti-
tute of the means of support, the committee think
his case entitled to favorable consideration.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
location op bounty lands.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives, "au-
thorizing certain soldiers of the late war with
Great Britain to surrender the bounty lands drawn
by them, and to locate others in lieu thereof." It
proposes to make it lawful for any soldier in the
fate war with Great Britain, to whom bounty land
has been allotted and patented in any State, by
virtue of the laws of the United States, passed
prior to 1850, which was, and is unfit for cultiva-
tion, to surrender his patent and receive therefor
the same quantity in any public lands subject to
private entry, at the minimum price where he may
select.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
heirs op henry miller.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate,,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill " for the relief of tne heirs of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Miller, late of Pennsylvania, for
services in the revolutionary war."
It proposes to direct the payment to Julianna
Watts and Julianna W. Campbell, the only sur-
viving heirs-at-law of Henry Miller, late lieuten-
ant colonel in the second Pennsylvania regiment,
in the Continental service in the war of the Revo-
lution, such a sum of money as he would have
been entitled to receive if his name had not been
stricken from the roll of revolutionary pension-
ers, after it had been placed thereon by the act pf
March 18,1818.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the propriety of
striking out the names of the individuals, and leave
it to make provision for the " heirs"generally. If
this suggestion be adopted, so that the bill will pro-
vide for the payment of the money to the heirs, it
will devolve upon the Department to find out the
heirs,and it will avoid a difficulty which arose here
some tim e since, which I will state. We passed a
bill at a preceding session, giving some relief to
Miss Lynch; but before that matter was disposed of
by the Department,wehad apetition presented here
setting forth that there were other heirs, and that
a payment to Miss Lynch would be no discharge
of them. If the Senator will adopt my suggestion
in this case, it will throw upon the Department the
duty of ascertaining who the heirs are, and it will
obviate a difficulty of the kind I have mentioned.
However, if the Senator prefers it as it stands, or
if he knows that there are no other heirs, let it go
as.it is presented.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know but little about
this case; but I know that those who desire its
passage are respectable persons. It was reported
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] and
if the Senate had time to listen to the reading of
the report, they would be satisfied that this is one
ofthe most meritorious cases that ever passed
this body. I can also state, in addition; that the
two persons who are mentioned in the bill are the
only two surviving heirs, and that the relatives of
those persons would not state it as a fact to me if
it were not so. I refer to Mr. Wallace, of South
Carolina.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It was the peculiar man-
ner in which the term " heirs" struck my ear that
induced me to make the remark which fell from
me. Sometimes the term " heirs" is, in common
parlance, confounded with " children.;" whereas
there may be surviving grandchildren, as much
entitled to claim as " heirs" as surviving children.
Mr. BfUMXELEAft. I presume there will be
