1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
flirully about this case. There will certainly
conflict between the surviving " heirs." I
no diftio
be no
did not draw die bill, and I prefer that it shall pass
in its present form. I sent it to those who are
interested, and they admitted that it was right,
except that it did not grant enough. They wished
me to offer an amendment increasing the number
of grantees. As to go further would be to violate
the rule heretofore pursued in crises or this kind,
and as I know such an amendment would not be
adopted, I have not complied with the request. I
make this statement for the purpose of satisfying
those interested in the matter at home. I hope
the bill will pass in its present shape.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
FORT JESUP MILITARY RESERVE.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill " granting to the State of Louisiana the
military reserve at Fort .Tesup, for a seminary of
education." It proposes to grant to the State of
Louisiana so much of the military reserve at Port
Jesup as remains unsold.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXTENSION OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the Senate now to take
up for consideration the bill " to revive a portion
of the act for the relief of widows of deceased sol-
diers." It has been a good while before the Sen-
ate. It was reported early last session, and is now
the second bill on the calendar.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am afraid that that
bill will give tise to debate, and as it is now two
o'clock, I would appeal to my friend from Ar-
kansas to let us call up House bills that have
passed that body, and been favorably reported
upon in this, and which will pass here without ob-
jection. I have been making various efforts to ob-
tain the floor in order to get up little bills of that
kind, but I have not succeeded. 1 am afraid this
bill will give rise to debate, for it involves an im-
portant principle.
Mr. BORLAND. This important principle is
to take care of a few old widows—the remnant of
the widows of deceased officers and soldiers who
served in the last war with Great Britain. I con- j
sider it an important one. I consider that there is ;
imposed upon the Senate a very important duty in 1
reference to those persons. The Committee on j
Pensions reported this bill long asro—early in the i
last session. I have sat here quietly to-day. I
have seen th« prior orders postponed, and private !
bills taken up for the benefit of individuals who j1
have had no special claim on Government beyond !
any others, and I have at last sought to take up
this bill, which is now second on the calendar. It
is for the relief of a very few individuals, and they
must now of necessity be very old. They are the
few surviving widows of officers and soldiers of
the last war with Great Britain, and this bill pro-
poses to extend to them some of that bounty which
we are dealing out to individuals, certainly not
more meritorious. Unless, therefore, the Senator
from Kentucky himself intends to occupy a large
portion of the time of the Senate in the discus-
sion of this bill, I think it will not give rise to any
debate. I cannot anticipate opposition to such a
bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is a public meas-
ure. It is proposed to make it a general law. It
is proposed to take it up at this late period of to-
day's sitting. I really do not know its provis-
ions. I have in general been opposed to any
great extension of the pension system. I have
been opposed to extending that system to any
new classes of cases, and I have taken occasion
to express upon this floor my sentiments upon
that subject. I did not know the provisions of
this bill, but as it was a general bill, and as it was
getting late in the day, I thought, and I made that
siwgestion, that it would be better to devote the
rest of to-day to House bills, to which nobody
will object. I would be glad to take that course
now, but I do not know that I have any objection
to this bill, for I do not as yet understand its pro-
visions.
Mr. BORLAND. Then let it be taken up and
read.
The motion was. agreed to, and the Senate ac- i i
cordingly resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, :
the consideration of the bill. It proposes to re- j
vive that portion of the act of April 16th, 1816,
" making further provision for military services
during the late war, and for other purposes,"
which applied to the widows of deceased soldiers,
and which expired by limitation at the end of five
years from its passage. It is proposed that this
act shall continue during the natural life of any
widow therein described.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer to this bill, which I trust will give
it strength. It is to add the following additional
sec tion:
Src. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the widows of
all officers, (subsequently modified by inserting " non-com-
missioned officers,v] musicians, and privates, who were
married subsequent to January 1st, A. D. 181)0, shall be en-
titled to pensions in the same manner as those who were
married prior to that day.
The case which I design to meet is apparent
from the reading of the amendment. The period
of time when the widows of deceased officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary war were entitled to
a pension in case of marriage was, according to
the first act, when the marriage took place before
1780. It was afterwards extended to 1791, then
to 1794, and subsequently to 1800. By the law,
as it now stands, if the widow of a deceased rev-
olutionary officer, non-commissioned officer, mu-
sician, or private, were married on the second day
of January, 1800, she would not be entitled to a
pension; but if married on the last day of De-
cember, 1799, she would be entitled. I think
there is no good reason for drawing a rigid rule
on a particular day, but I think that if you give
pensions to widows, you should extend them to
all. I presented sundry memorials at the last
session of Congress tj cover this case, and I
think the committee were favorably impressed
with what the petitioners asked. I hope the
amendment will be adopted, so as to place all
these parties on the same footing.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the first provisions
of this bill pass as they are printed, without the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Maine,
I should like to know from the Senator who dralted
it, whether these pensions are to be paid for the
intermediate time, after the lapse of the first five
years, up to the time of the passage of this act.
I Mr. BORLAND. I can answer the Senator. I
drew the bill, and reported i', and certainly did
not intend to authorize, nor do I believe that the |
wording of the act will authorize the payment of
pensions for the intermediate time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think there ought to
be some provision expressly excluding that idea.
From the general terms in which the bill is couched,
it struck me that it was susceptible of that con-
struction.
Mr. BORLAND. If it were susceptible of that
construction, I should not object to it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Upon this subject, sir,
I wish to make a few remarks. When these five
years' pension acts were first passed, it was the
design of Congress to make a temporary provision
for the wife or children left in a helpless and desti-
tute condition by the death of the officer or soldier.
That was the early practice in reference to the
war of 1812, and the prior wars of the country.
These pension laws have been renewed time and
again. I called the attention of the Senate to the
subject in some rather elaborate remarks a year or
two ago, in which I referred to all the different
acts on this subject. They have been renewed
from time to time. The effect of their renewal
has been just this: Where a widow has happened
to live twenty, thirty, or forty years, and is now
living, her family, and that of her dead husband,
is provided for by these annual allowances of pen-
sions, under this system of bounty on the part of
the Government. But if she happened to die, then
by her death her fapiily, and the dead soldier's
family, is deprived of all aid and assistance, when
the children stand more in need of it, (when they
have neither father nor mother,) than if the mother
were alive. The consequence of such legislation
is, that you have provided for families that are
less needy than those who have lost both parents,
and for whom you make no provision.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator will permit me
to say to him that I think he misapprehends the
eff«ct of the bill in one particular. If I under-
stand his remarks, he objects to the bill because it
provides only for widows and not for children.
The act of 1816, which this bill proposes to revive,
gave pensions to widows and minor children of
officers and soldiers who had been killed in that
war, or who had died in consequence of disease
or wounds incurred in it. Those pensions ex-
pired in five years after the act went into oper-
ation, that is, in 1821. I think that between 1821
and this time, all the minor children have grown
up. This bill therefore does notpropose to pro-
vide for them, because there are none to be pro-
vided for; nor does it provide for adult children,
because, generally, we do not provide for the adult
children of soldiers. But there are a few old wid-
ows remaining, who received pensions under that
act of 1816, which expired in 1821. Now it is
firoposed to provide for the last years of their
ives, and to give those who are destitute, some-
thing to live upon for the remainder of their
days.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think I understand it.
I recollect that I once made a pretty thorough ex-
amination of the subject. I cannot remember pre-
cisely everything in regard to these pension laws,
but I think I remember the leading features of
them. Whether there are or are not minor chil-
dren, depends upon the time when the soldier died,
how long he may have died after the war, and
whether the various acts which were revived from
time to time were in force when he did die. But
the argument which I make is not touched by the
statement made by the gentleman from Arkansas.
It is, that under the operation of these bills, re-
viving pensions in favor of widows alone, you act
partially, and favor one class of soldiers' families
by providing for them; when, if a widow of the sol-
dier dies, and leaves her family in a destitute and
dependent condition, no provision is made for her
minor or other children after the five years for
which the pension was granted; thus you make a
difference between the families of soldiers whose
services to the country are the meritorious cause
of your bounty, and constitute the sole and only
merit of such legislation.
A few words now in relation to the amendment
under consideration. My friend from Maine says,
that if the widow of a revolutionary officer or sol-
dier married on the 31st of December, 1799, she
would be entitled to a pension, but if her marriage
took place on the second of January, 1800, she
would not be. That is true. That is the result
of fixing upon a day subsequent to which, should
the marriage occur, no pension shall be allowed,
and granting a pension in case the marriage hap-
'pens before. If you were to fix upon any other
day in the calendar, or upon any other year, the
same result would be presented, provided there
were revplutionary officers and soldiers living to
be married, or who had widows who were mar-
ried after the passage of your bill. My friend
from Maine, seeing very clearly that state of
things, proposes that there shall be no limitation
at all; that the young wives of old officers and
soldiers shall come in and share just like those
who bore the heat and burden of the day in the
revolutionary struggle. When the original pen-
sion bills were first passed, the object was, in
consideration of the poverty of the Government
during the Revolution—in consideration of the
hardships of both man and wife through that war,
and which continued for some time afterwards, to
give them some remuneration. That has been
done. That time, I believe, has been extended. It
embraced all those who were man and wife during
the war. It embraces all those who were man
and wife before the formation of this Government.
It has been extended to embrace all who were man
and wife for eleven years after the formation of
the Government; and now it is proposed to bring
in all the young widows who married the old men
after 1800.
Mr. President, I have opposed these extensions
of the pension system so often, and I have been
defeated so frequently, that I think it is useless to
make an elaborate speech against it. I am op-
posed to this bill because it has a tendency to make
people mercenary, to make them look to the Treas-
ury of the country for support, and thus the
patriotic emotions which influenced the men and
women of the Revolution, after all those who
participated in the struggle have been provided
for, and after ninety-nine hundredths of them are
dead and gone to their eternal reward, seem in
these days to have been converted into merchan-
