186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jsd> 3,
dise by tlieir connections, to be legitimately sold
to the Government by widows and heirs for money. I
There seems to bea rapidly-increasingdesireto live
at the expense of the Treasury. I am opposed to
taxing one portion of the people to support another,
and that, too, without the rendition of a particle
of meritorious service. Your bill proposes to place
upon the Treasury persons who, no doubt, are very
meritorious in the private relations of life; I mean
by that, honest toothers, industriously providing
for the welfare of their children, if they have any,
but who never rendered to the Government one
particle of service. And yet it is proposed to
allow them to come in and have a support out of1
the public Treasury. The principle ought to be '
enforced, that there should be no grants of any
sort, unless based upon actual public service ren-
• dered, benefits conferred upon tne people or their
Government, by the person making application for
the grant or donation. Here it is proposed to
grant money, not because the individuals to whom
it is proposed to be granted ever rendered a parti-
cle of service, for you admit they never did, but
it is proposed to grant it upon the principle of
imputed merit, because they happened to be allied
by the marriage relation to the persons who did
render service, and in virtue of that imputed merit
you are to make provision for them. I admit
there may have been some reason for this in behalf
of the widow who struggled and toiled with her
husband through the war; but to extend it to those
who consulted their own happiness by marrying
a soldi ;r twenty years after the war was over, in
a time of profound peace, seems to me to have no
reason in it. But if there be reason in it, and such
imputed righteousness ought to save the widow,
I think it ought to have virtue enough to save the
children likewise, and to secure them a pension
when there is no widow to take it. The policy,
however, of this bill seems to be to allow the
family of a dead officer or soldier to draw money
out of the Treasury if a widow can be found to
get it; but not a cent for the children or grand-
children, no matter how necessitous their situation
may be. Thus two officers or soldiers may have
entered the army at the same time, fought the same
battles, and been discharged together, and yet the
family of one, through a surviving widow, may
get hundreds and even thousands of dollars, while
the helpless children of the other are tenants of
the alms-house without a particle of aid from the
Government; and this is called just and righteous
legislation !
If you make promises beforehand for the pur-
pose of inducing persons to enter into your mili-
tary or naval service, whatever contract you make,
you are bound to fulfill to the letter. You may
make contracts by offering bounties; you may
make contracts by offering pensions. The history
of all Governments in the world, and the history
of our own Government, proves that this is good
policy. But, sir, I deny that it is good policy on
the part of any Government, by retrospective legis-
lation, to bring in a new class of cases never be-
fore thought of, and never contemplated at the
time of the original contract of enlistment; and in
that way foist one portion of the community upon
the shoulders of another for support. To do it is
to travel out of the way and to encourage a mer-
cenary spirit, however averse gentlemen may be
to foster anything of the kind.
Sir, your President elect gave a vote upon this
subject, for which he was assailed in many por-
tions of the country, and which gave him, I be-
lieve, many good Whig votes. I wish 1 could
uphold all the potiey of the Democratic party as I
can uphold the votes of the President elect upon
subjects of this kind. But you are departing from
his principles, and you are establishing principles
which cannot stand the test of reason; and you
are doing it upon the ground that your feelings in
behalf of the old soldier are transferred to his
wife, not to his children, and that, too, after he has
received the pension promised him at the time of j
his enlistment. Thus the widow, to the exclusion
of the children, by renewing these bills time and
again , becomes a life charge on the Treasury, irre-
spective of the time of her marriage. But, as I
said before, why need I consume the time of the
Senate in talking about matters of this sort. I
know my voice will have no effect here, and there-
fore I desist.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have modified my amend-
ment by adding after "officers" the words " non-
commissioned officers," so that it shall conform to
the original law. And now I wish to say a word
in reply to the Senator from Kentucky. If the
limitation which required the marriage to have
taken place during the revolutionary war had been
adhered to, I would be the last Senator to disturb
it; but when you have removed the period of time
beyond that, and carried it to 1794, 1796, and
1800, you have established. a rule of inequality
which can be removed only by making the one of
equality which I have presented here.
Mr. DAVIS. I remember some years ago a
very venerable old man called on me, and requested
the drawing up of some papers for the purpose of
obtaining a pension. He stated that he had been
a captain in the war of the Revolution. He pro-
duced testimonials under the hands of General
Washington and General Lafayette, of his valor
and of the distinction which he had obtained in
the army. Among other testimonials he pro-
duced an epaulet and a sword which were pre-
sented to him by General Lafayette for an act of
distinguished gallantry. The story which he told
was this: That he was a native inhabitant of one
of the towns on Cape Cod; that he entered the
Army of the Revolution at the commencement of
the war; that he had served in that army with
fidelity until what is called the derangement of it
took place, when he resigned his commission;
that he had a family at the time he entered the
army, and an estate, as he said, worth .£'400, and
the day he resigned his. commission he was a
bankrupt—not only all the resources which he had
received from the Government, but all his private
property, having disappeared in that service, in
the maintenance of himself and his family.
Now, sir, there is no principle of the human mind
so amiable, so lovely, as that of gratitude. Here
was * country without resources, either military or
pecuniary, entering into rebellion against the Gov-
ernment over it, for the purpose of obtaining its
liberty, and men went into the army for the mere
love of the object which they were pursuing, with-
out hope of pay or reward. They served through
the struggle,and shed their blood and their money in
it, and left families as destitute as that of the soldier
to whom I have referred. And will my honorable
friend from Kentucky tell me that none suffer ex-
cept those who bleed and fall in the field ? A greater
misapprehension could not well be entertained by
any gentleman. The history of this man is the
history of hundreds and of thousands. When
your country came out of the revolutionary war,
it was unable, as everybody admits, to do justice
to its soldiers. Such little accounts and claims as
they had, were presented for liquidation, and they
were liquidated according to the means and ability
of the country. Everybody who has read the his-
tory of the country, knows what the soldier's se-
curity was. He knows that it was hawked about
the market and sold for a few shillings in the
pound,—and this.was the result of circumstances;
or, what was worse, he was paid in continental
money—rags, and nothing better than rags.
Then, sir, when we came to the adoption of the
pension system, we came to it under the sense of
a deep obligation of gratitude for the services of
those individuals. The laws were adopted and
laid upon that foundation, and upon no other. It
was to make some proper remuneration to the
men who had thus entered the service of the coun-
try, antl achieved the great boon of independence
and laid the foundation of that prosperity which
has attended us. I know the pension laws from
time to time have been extended, but never H
extended to any but proper objects of the bounty
of the Government. I know it was after a very
strong and animated debate that the militia were
brought in to participate in this bounty, and
never in my judgment did a more righteous act
pass this Government than that which em-
braced the militia. They were a class of men
that were pressed into the service, or volun-
tarily went into it, and the compensation which
they received for their Services was greatly infe-
rior to that of the regular army; in fact, there were
thousands upon thousands of instances where
there was no reward but the miserable continental
money. And why should not the widow be con-
sidered? The Senator says you do not make a
law Which attains to perfect equality, and I sup-
pose that thfe very laws to which he adverted have
the principle of inequality in them necessarily, be-
cause a womaft married to-day is entitled, and one
that is married to-morrow is not, under the law,
entitled, although the circumstances of the parties
may present a case equally meritorious. But, sir,
I hold that the country can scarcely ever go too
far in the expression of its gratitude for the servi-
ces of those individuals. They entered the army
without hope of reward, and they received such a
reward as the country was able to give them, and
now, when a great, a rich, a prosperous country
has grown up in the enjoymertt of the liberties
which they achieved, it seems to me it would be
base and ungrateful to deny them this boon. I
do not rise to debate this question, but I go cheer-
fully for the proposition which is presented by the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not willing to be
put in a wrong position, and to have opinions at-
tributed to me which I do not entertain.,
Mr. DAYIS. I know there is not a man in the
world of a more generous heart than my friend—
not a man. I know that his motives are as pure
as those of any gentleman can be, in protecting
theTreasury; but I think he has let his severejudg-
ment upon these matters get the better of his feel-
ings.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have not one particle
of feeling about it. If I had any, it would be to
open the Treasury to all widows and children in
the country, and let them help themselves, as we
do; but I must still put myself right, and I will
endeavor to do it as briefly as I can.
In reference to the soldiers and officers of the
Revolution, I concede everything which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has said. They had
trials, they had sufferings, they had duties such as
scarcely ever fell upon the shoulders of any other
set of men. But now, when you come to dis-
pense rewards for those sufferings, those trials,
and those duties, what I have always insisted
upon, and what I shall ever insist upon while I
have a vote here, is that you shall not be partial—
that you shall mete out " even-handed justice"—
that you shall embrace all alike, or embrace none.
These are my principles. If you intend to com-
pensate the officers and soldiers of the Revolution
for theirsufferrngsjtheirtrials, their expenditures of
blood and money in establishing the liberty of the
country, you should embrace the whole. You
tohould make no distinction. You should not select
one, and leave out another, or select the family of
one and leave out the families of others. My ob-
jection is, that you leave out some that are equally
meritorious with others; that you provide par-
tially for those who happen to live long, and by
that life, if they will devote it to industry, can aid
themselvesand their families; and cut off thosewho
lost a father and a mother, both by an early death,
and do not give them that to which they are enti-
tled, for the same suffering and expenditure of
blood and treasure. Who answers that? No
one. Who can answer it? No one. What, then,
is your system? It is a system of partial legisla-
tion, not imposed upon you by any promise; for I
have told you already in regard to every promise,
every resolution of the Continental Congress. I am
for carryingit out; but you will not do it. You take
up such a case as Miss Lynch's, and pass it; but
when the case, exactly like it, of Merideth, from
Kentucky, is presented, it lingers and drags, and
may never come up. Sir, there ought to be no
partial distinctions in cases of this sort; and if the
expenditure of blood and treasure by a revolution-
ary officerorsoldieristhemeritoriouscauseof pass-
ing bills like this, you ought to make them embrace
all the members of a soldier's family, children as
well as wife. There is no reason for continuing
the bounty of the Government, and rewarding the
services of a soldier after he is dead, unless it can
be found in the contract, or be a matter of public
policyHere there is no contract to operate.
There is no policy, I think, to justify such retroac-
tive legislation; but if there is, it favors the chil-
dren as much as it does the wife.
My friend says the Government was poor when
the war ended; I admit it. But it is now rich.
If, then, the object now be to do full justice, be-
cause it has not been heretofore done, let us not
stop short. Sir, you oassed a law shortly after
the General Government went into operation,
which deprived the officers of the Revolution of the
very half pay for life that you promised them during
the Continental Congress; and in 1832, you passed
a law giving them their half pay, according to the
resolution of the Continental Congress, the residue
