190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. a,
grape-vine, should a rope be inconvenient, would
close thetransaction. 1 cannot condemn in ihegov-
ertimeot of Cuba that which my own State would
and ought to do. I admit no party ties or allegi-
ance which would cause me to acknowledge that
to be politically right which is morally wrong. I
expect to keep company with my conscience long
after political relations shall cease.
In this matter, Mr. Chairman, as in all others,
I mean to recognize the obligations which rest
upon a Christian statesman. I amalways pleased
to derive light from a source where error has never
thrown its cloud—where truth shines upon the
page and gives out a light which cannot mislead.
We are taught by all history, human and divine,
that the punishment of nations as such is in this
world, because they exist only here. Populous
countries, great empires, once the wonder of the
world, have filled the measure of their iniquities,
of rapine and oppression, and live only in tradi-
tion, or as beacons on the shores of the tide of
time. They have perished for the violation of the
great principles of justice, the victims of their own
accumulated crimes. The disregard of physical
laws brings immediate punishment to the offender;
the violation of moral laws, although long delayed,
is not the less certain. Nations as well as individ-
uals are subjected to the same results, and with
equal certainty. The desire for the acquisition of
territory in general, and of Cuba in particular, un-
der the name of progress, threatens to involve our
country in difficulties of a most complicated char-
acter. And there is something curious in the fact,
that many who made much capital, in a recent
election, of the known desire of one of the candi-
dates to annex Canada, have lost sight of that
enormity in the great desirableness of this tropical
Island lying on our coasts; that evils, manifest
in the incorporation of English territory with in-
stitutions greatly resembling our own, should be
so overwhelming, and the absorption of a popula-
tion wanting- sympathy with ours, should present
no such difficulties—awaken no such apprehen-
sions.
Sir, I have no hesitation in declaring, that should
Cuba be alienated by Spain, the United States
must be a party to such alienation. We cannot
consent to the transfer of that Island to any other
Power. But the transfer, if made, will be on terms
consistent with the honor of both and all parties
concerned. But Spain, the owner of the Island, is
the proper "holder, and whilst-Spain holds it we
have our best interests subserved. That Spain
means to hold it we have the bait evidence, be-
cause the publication of the late negotiations dis-
closes that Spain refuses to sell—rejects the propo- j
sition to disintegrate her empire by selling her
domains. No Power of Europe is disposed to
seize upon Cuba, at least so far as indicated by
current events. Prance and England have pro-
posed to unite with us to guaranty the possession
of that Island to Spain. Whilst 1 approve of the
rejection of that alliance by the Government of the
United States, I mention it as an evidence that
there is no purpose to divest Spain of her posses-
sions by the Powers of Europe. The policy which
our interest indicates is to leave Cuba in the pos- [
sion of Spain, her rightful owner, and to the rest
of the world a disinterested stakeholder, and leave
to the future the development of the proper course
to be pursued. Annexation of territory may be- -
come indispensable; and when it is so, I approve
the act. 1 "advocated the annexation of Texas I
approve of the purchase of Louisiana. The mouth
of, the Mississippi, and the military importance of j
Texas, rendered both indispensable to our inter- !
ests, and were of paramount importance. And
whilst an advocate and defender of the Mexican 1
war, believing it to be just, and one in which the i
country was properly engaged, I was inclined to
take just as small a portion of territory in closing
the war, unless entirely divested of population, as
was consistent with our honor. Our country, pros-
perous as it is, needs nothing so much as repose—
nothing so important as a deliverance from vexa-
tious disputes, and the disturbance and misdirec-
tion of those energies now so successfully em-
ployed for our prosperity.
It was with great satisfaction that I read the re-
marks of the distinguished Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason,] the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations. With his views, as there ex-
pressed , I entirely concur. The honor and the in-
terests of the country will always be safe when
guided by such polioy. But I am far from sup-
posing, with some others, that our manifest destiny
—our power of expansion, and our duty to prop-
agate free principles—demands so extended a thea-
ter as this whole continent, and the islands ad-
jacent thereto. I dissent from the opinion that we
are to be propagandists of the principles of free
government in any other mode than by the bright
example of their success at home. Of all people,
those of our own country should be most averse
to intervention in the affairs of others—most jealous
of intervention by others in our own. The good
sense of the people rebuked the designs of a dis-
tinguished, or rather notorious and splendid wan-
derer, who, a short time since, sought to involve
us in the troubles of Europe. He succeeded at
least in finding friends enough to give him that
material aid which replenished his exhausted ex-
chequer, which he now may quietly enjoy free
from the demands for coupons by the holders of
Hungarian bonds. Conservative myself, I rep-
resent a people who are strictly conservative—
conservative in the highest sense in requiring a
strict adherence to the Constitution and laws, and
an unwavering regard for the rights of all nations.
Conservative in the protection of property, and the
preservation of individual rights. Denying the
right of all to intervene in their social and domestic
institutions, ready to resist all interference with
their rights. It is for this reason that I hold
that those who intervene must take the conse-
quences of their own conduct. It becomes a per-
sonal concern of their own, and the result must
be felt by themselves alone.
We cannot be insensible to the spirit of propa-
gandism which deeply affects a portion of the peo-
ple. If it be either encouraged or fostered by the
Government, if it pass without rebuke, if it be not
repressed, our people must come to be considered
the brigands of the World, going forth to seize :
upon the possessions of adjoining nations, and as
a natural consequence, concentrate upon us the ;
focus of indignation and ill-will of all the world.
This ought to be so. The individual whose grasp- i
ing disposition, whose insatiable rapacity, leading '
him to oppress the poor and overreach the feeble,
may acquire property, butthe end will be disastrous.
There is but one code of morals for all; the prin-
, ciples of justice are eternal. Observation as well
as experience, passing events as well as the rec-
, ords of the past, have been but Utile heeded, if
this lesson has not been learned.
| I have already said that our Maker punishes na-
tions in this world, because they exist only here.
Man's individuality exists forever. Nations are of
this world alone. Their rise and their decay are not
accidental. Virtueproduces the one, and crime and
vice the other. Ages intervene, until the cup of in-
iquity is full. The kindled wrath of Heaven sends
forth the fire of desolation, to sweep them away.
Countries which thousands of years ago were filled
with adense population, rich in teemingabundance, ;
whose merchants were princes, and whose citizens |
lords of the earth, are now barren wastes; their '
ruined capitals the theater for antiquarian research; j
j their inhabitants wandering tribes, with whom the !
knowledge of former grandeur is so diluted with
fable, as only to mislead -the inquirer. I commend
those who are so full of our destiny, and see its ful-
fillment in the absorption of Canada and Cuba, the
continent and the adjacent islands, to an instructive
lesson found in the history of a certain king of
Israel. Surrounded by wealth, and all that heart
could desire, he saw the vineyard of a poor and
humble neighbor living near him, in which he cul-
tivated his vines. He looked upon, and coveted
it. Rapacity controlled his heart, and he deter-
mined to possess it. All his wealth was valueless,
unless he could obtain Naboth's vineyard. 'He
offered to purchase it, it was convenient to his
palace; he offered to give him a better and more
valuable one; he desired it for a garden of herbs.
The offers were declined by the eloquent reply:
" How shall I sell the inheritance of my fathers ?"
But a counsellor appeared, who, unlike those who
usually sustain the relation of wife, advised that
false witnesses should be raised up to prove that
Nabothhad blasphemed God and the king. This
was don e; Naboth was stoned to death; his vineyard
Was seized; but the end was not yet. The prophet
announced the judgment of Heaven; the dogs licked
tlu blood of the king at the place where Naboth
was stoned; and dogs devoured the body of Jezebel, I
whose counsels had controlled him. Many acts of I
wickedness had preceded, but this was the crown-
! ing one. The punishment was not the result of
the prophet's warning, but the consequence of
crime.
Cuba is convenient to our coast, the key of the
Gulf. It is a tropical garden of the richest herbs,
clothed in perpetual verdure and inexhaustible in
the spontaneous productions of nature. Cuba is
the inheritance of the Spanish Crown, and Spain
declines to sell that inheritance. Foreigners—our
own citizens amongst others—disturb the peace,
inflame discontent, and excite rebellion amongst
the people. Exasperation, producing vigilance
and prompt execution of police regulations, give
rise to difficulties and misunderstandings. Can it
be wise or just for the Government of the United
< States to seek this occasion for war and conquest ?
j | For the conduct of ourown citizens has indefinitely
I, postponed the probability of purchase. Should
the sensitiveness produced by aggression be en-
tirely overlooked, and all of our resentments and
sympathies directed against the injured party ?
Suppose the scene of operations transferred to any
of the southern States—continual apprehensions
of the landing of adventurers known to be from a
neighboring State, to overturn all the institutions
recognized by law: would any one expect the meas-
ures either of prevention or redress to be weighed
in golden scales ? In this view it is, that whilst in
some of the reasonings of the Executive, and some
portions of his policy, I do not concur, I cannot
withhold the declaration that he has manifested a
' laudable purpose to maintain treaty relations, to
[I execute the laws: and I cannot censure a forbear-
! ance to resent strongly, what in other circum-
stances would call for a far different course. He
fully understood the cause of provocation. He
I knew the extent of the injury; and the failure of
I the expedition last directea.to Cuba demonstrated,
that even the excuse of aiding the people in a
! revolution, was a fallacy, becausethe people did not
rise, unite with, and lead the invaders to victory.
' There was not such discontent with the existing
state of things, as justified even the propagand-
' ists of the principles of freedom to embark in the
adventure, unless they took their lives in their
hands. To none but those who coveted the crown
of martyrdom did this enterprise offer any induce-
ments.
Sir, filibustering has become a regularly-in-
stalled word in our language. We have taken the
liberty of altering it, and clothing it in American
dress, as is our wont in such cases. Originally
i freebooter in old English, flibustier in French,
flibustero in Spanish, is now in our tongue filibus-
ter, but still a freebooter; and it will not be sur-
prising if it should become one day the watch-
I word of a party. If the principles of any party
I should correspond to the term, I utterly eschew
any connection therewith'. I desire to be explicit
upon this subject. If the policy of any Adminis-
tration is to make the United States the brigands
of the world; if we are to become a race, a nation
of buckaniers; if we are to adopt the policy of fall-
ing upon our weaker neighbors and appropriating
their possessions, and thus fill the measure of
| national iniquity, I utterly denounce the policy,
j and in the face of the country and the world, and
; °f high Heaven, I declare my hands to be clear—
I wash them of any such guilt. It is guilt of the
deepest die. _•
I adhere to the Monroe doctrine: Europe can-
not and must not interfere with the nations of this
continent who are struggling for their liberty and
have asserted their independence. Neither can
this Government regard without offense the at-
tempt to colonize monarchical institutions upon
the continent of America. By this I stand in the
fullest meaning of the terms. I also adopt the
rest of the Monroe doctrine in the same message:
That during the struggle between the Spanish
colonies and Spain the United States maintained
a strict neutrality—a neutrality as proper at this
time as then. And whilst I do not hesitate to say
that I could not consent that Cuba should pass
into the possession of any other Power than the
United States, I am equally confident that, unless
circumstances greatly change, it is best for all con-
cerned that it remain in the possession of Spain.
There are strong reasons for believing that, under
all aspects of the question, the present interest of
the United States will be most effectually secured
by the continued ownership of Spain. Purchase
m for the present out of th.e question. Spain has
