THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1853.
New Series No. 13.
tablished by that compromise, to which he yielded 1
so reluctant an acquiescence, will be an ample pro-
tection, 1 think, against any such dangers as he
now apprehends, if the acquisition of Cuba should
ever become an object, of practical importance to
the United States.
What is the great principle of that compromise,
so far as the acquisition of foreign territory is con-
cerned ? It is tliat this Government—I mean the
Federal Government—will not interfere with the
Territorial Governments so far as their domestic
institutions are concerned, but will leave the people
there to govern themselves in such matters as they
please.
Mr. YENABLE. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will tell him that my remark was, that
if our citizens, by the invasion of Cuba, rendered
it proper for the Spanish Government to free the
slaves there, it would be done.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman says that
our forcibly taking possession of Cuba, might in-
duce Spain to emancipate the slaves there. I un-
derstood the gentleman to be arguing against the
acquisition of Cuba at all; that its acquisition,
whether agreeable and consented to by Spain or
not, would endanger the peace arid harmony of
this country.
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman must recol-
lect that I commenced by saying that whenever
Cuba changed hands, the United States must be a
party to the change; and that if we desired, no
other Power than the United States could have it.
We must have it if Spain is to part with it; but I
prefer that it should remain in the possession of a
slaveholding nation ; for we have thereby the ben-
efit of the commerce without the expenses of the
Government.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understood the gentleman
in that portion of his argument to which I am
alluding, to say that the acquisition of that Island,
in any event, would have the tendency to renew
the feeling of sectionalism which prevailed through-
out the country immediately preceding the adop-
tion of the compromise. That is the point to which
I was referring. I have already stated that 1 have
no desire at this time for the acquisition of Cuba,
because I see no object to be attained by it; but I
conceive, if it should become a great national ob-
ject to this Union to acquire Cuba, that no danger,
sectionally, growing out of the questions to which
he has alluded, ought to be apprehended from
its acquisition. That is the point I am upon,
and I was replying particularly to the gentleman,
because lie spoke of the reluctance with which he
gave his consent to abide by that series of acts
which restored harmony to the country in its late
agitated condition. I was, when interrupted, call-
ing his attention to one of the principles laid down !
in the compromise. It was to show him that
North Carolina was right and that he was wrong,
and that if he would review that adjustment, he
might perhaps be better pleased with it than he
was when it was agreed to. One of the leading
features of that settlement, one without which it
never could have passed, was, and is, that all the
territory then lately acquired, and all that then
belonged to the United States, might, when they
apply for admission as States, come into this
Union with or without the institution of slavery
as the people in each territory respectively may
determine for themselves.
This principleand this guarantee, sir, is set forth
in plain words in that compromise. The compro-
mise, it is true, covers the territory only to which
it applies; but the principle is much more compre-
hensive and of much greater value. It is, that the
General Government will abstain from intermed-
dling with the local institutions of its Territories; j
but will leave the people there to mould and fash- ;
ion their constitutions as they please. This point
had been controverted between the North and the
South since 1820; it never was settled before. The
controversy was settled by the adoption of what I
conceive to be the great Republican principle upon
which the whole frame-work of our Government ;
and institutions rests, that every community or
State has a right to govern itself as it pleases. I ,
13
considered the attempt by Congress to restrict the |
legislative authority of a Territory, or the right of
her people to form their constitutions as they
please, as more odious than the attempt of the
British Parliament was to tax the colonies which
led to the American Revolution. And I, as a
southern man, and as a national man, hailed the
establishment of that principle as one of the great-
est triumphs of real republicanism since the foun-
dation of the Government. Let this principle be
but maintained in good faith, and you will hear
no more of sectional controversies growing out of
acquisitions. If Cuba be acquired; if Canada, or
any part of Mexico, in the course of human events,
be acquired; let but this principle be adhered to—
in other words, let this Government attend to its
own business and not attempt to force any pecu-
liar views or sectional notions upon an unwilling
people, but let every State and Territory in this
particular govern itself as it pleases, and you will
hear of no more sectional dangers and sectional
strife. And with this principle, extending its
limits only so fast as neighboring people may find
it to their interest voluntary to seek the protec-
tion of your Union, you may indeed go on until
you become an ocean-bound Republic.
But, sir, I did not rise to discuss this Cuba
question. I have already said more than I in-
tended. My main object was to enter my protest,
in few words, against the idea that sectional dan-
gers would again beset us in the acquisition of
Cuba, even if great national interests required it,
and if Spain and the people there were all concur-
ring. Against this, I say, 1 enter my protest. I
have said I am no advocate for the acquisition at
this time. I do not know that events will so turn
up in my day that I ever shall be; still they may,
and if they do, I cannot see how or why any
dangers from internal strife can legitimately or ,
rightfully arise. I shall detain the committee no
longer.
Mr. BAYLY. This is a question in which I
feel a great deal of interest; and I have just been
to the Senate to ascertain what was the probability
of the call being answered in any reasonable time,
which was lately moved in that body to procure j
further information in respect to this subject. That j
resolution has passed this morning, and I prefer to
reserve what I have to say until that correspond-
ence comes in. I beg leave to suggest, it would
be quite as well that we should postpone all this ,
discussion until we know precisely everything
which has been done by the Administration, and ,
until we ascertain officially, from the reply to that
call, the precise position in which our relations to
Spain and Cuba stand. 1 shall seek an early op-
portunity to be heard, after that reply comes in.
M r. BROW N, of Mississippi. I do not intend
to make an argument in reference to the question
introduced by my friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venable,] but in the course of his speech
he has taken positions so contrary to those which
I believe to be right, that I feel it incumbent upon
me, having been for a long time associated with
that gentleman upon other questions, to say at the
first possible moment, that I totally dissent from
many of the views which he has expressed. If I
understood the gentleman, one of his positions
was this—and I wish to call his attention to it—
that the acquisition of the Island of Cuba, by this
country, would result in the instant abolition of
the foreign slave trade. I so understood the gen-
tleman. Did I understand him correctly?
Mr. VENABLE assented.
Mr. BROWN. Did the gentleman mean to
employ that as an argument against the acquisition
of the Island of Cuba ? I agree with him perfectly
that its acquisition would result in the instanta-
neous abolition of the foreign slave trade. That ;
is one of the strong reasons why I desire to see it i
conquered, and why I think the people of the j
whole country ought to desire it.
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman indulge
me for a moment? Does the gentleman suppose
that I advocate the foreign slave trade > I am will-
ing that it should be put down, and put down by
the treaty power—by the powers which are now
employed to put it down. I used the argument
in this way—that according to the institutions and
circumstances of Cuba, and the want of increase
of the African population there, the African slave
trade was indispensable to keep up the supply of
slave labor, and that being cut off, Cuba would be
valueless, unless a supply of slave labor could come
from somewhere, and the southern States could
spare anything better in the world than their slave
labor.
Mr. BROWN. That does not at all change
my view of the gentleman's argument. But the
gentleman went on to say further, that the acqui-
sition of the Island of Cuba by the United States
would be attended with imminent danger, and
would be the signal for the Queen of Spain and
the Cortes to issue a decree for emancipating the
negroes of the Island, and that he for one would
never vote to reduce any man to the state of slavery
who had enjoyed one moment of legal freedom. I
am not disposed, at this time, to combat the idea
that the Q,ueen and Cortes might take the course
indicated; but I wish to make a pause here, and
ask my honorable friend to take this into consid-
eration, how far a decree issued in the midst of
a revolution, and intended to circumvent the revo-
lutionists, may be regarded as legal and binding.
This decree will not be issued, according to the
argument of the gentleman, because it is right in
itself; it is not to be based upon any great princi-
ple of humanity, nor upon any principle of in-
ternational law, but as a means of punishing the
liberators of Cuba. If so done, will it not be a
fraud upon the rights of the revolutionary party?
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman allow
me again to put myself right? The gentleman
must recollect this was my statement, that the in-
stincts of self-preservation would make it rightand
proper for the Spanish Government, if they were
satisfied that the invasion of Cuba was simply on
account of its adaptation to slave labor, and to get
possession of the slaves, the Government of Spain
would set them free, just precisely as I would blow
up a fortification and destroy a magazine to keep
an opposing general from getting possession of
i them. This having been done by the constituted
j authorities, the Q.ueen and the Cortes, they would
! enjoy regular freedom; and the gentleman knows
! as well as I do that you never can get a Congress
of the United States which will subjugate any man
who has enjoyed legal freedom.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman says now, as I
understood him before, that the instinct of self-
preservation would prompt the Spanish authori-
ties to this course. What self-preservation t
Would the Island be any more preserved to Spain
by such an act' Would her possessions at the
close of the revolution be larger because of such
a decree? Would the gems in her diadem be more
valuable after such a decree than before? Would
it not be a naked fraud upon the rights of those
who are conducting the revolution? Mark you,
I am not declaring that I would vote to reduce any
man to slavery who had once enjoyed a moment
of freedom. But can freedom be given by such
means? That is the question; and I call the gen-
tleman's attention back to that point. It is one
worthy of consideration. I hope the gentleman
will consider it before he throws before the coun-w
try the unqualified remark that the Q.ueen and
Cortes could thus at a single stroke set free all the
negroes on the Island. Like the gentleman, 1
never will vote to reduce a free man to bondage.
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman seems to
have misapprehended me again. If the United
States become a party to the revolution, then they
are buccaneers; they are wrong, and no one sus-
tains them. If individuals of the United States
go and produce revolution, they are buccaneers,
I and it would be a struggle in Cuba to which the
j United States would be no party; and Spain, be-
! ing satisfied that the revolution was produced for
the purpose of annexing to the United States ter-
I ritory wrongfully wrested from her, might make
that territory valueless to the United States, and
she would do it.
|, Mr. BROWN. I am not going to discuss with
