194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
the honorable gentleman how far those who en-
gage in ouch *11 enterprise as the liberation of Cuba
would become buccaneers. The gentleman and
myself would differ very widely upon that point.
I have already differed from one high in authority
on the same point. I maintain that the Cre; les in
the Island of-Cuba, if they are oppressed, have
the same ri^ht to take up arms in defense of that
liberty which they inherited from the Almighty
thai ihe people of the colonies had. I maintain,
further, that the people of the United Stales have
the same right to go in aid of the Creole strug-
gling for liberty that the French had to come here
and aid us when we took up arms against the
British Crown. Our forefathers were not buc-
caneers, nor were the French who came to aid us
in our glorious struggle for freedom buccaneers.
If our people choose to go to Cuba, they would
not thereby become pirates or buccaneers any
more, I repeat, than the French were when they
came in aid of our cause, or than we were when
our people aided Greece, Poland, the South Amer-
ican States, and Texas.
Mr. VENABLE. The term buccaneers I did
not use in any offensive manner. I expressly
guarded my remark in this way: that these indi-
viduals who chose to go there and seek martyrdom
ought to get it, and their quantum of honor; but
this Government ought not to come in conflict
with the rights of any other country.
Mr. BROWN. My friend does not draw a
proper distinction between an act of the Govern-
ment and the acts of individuals. I do not say
that the United States should wage war upon
Spain, or join the liberators of Cuba. I am ad-
vocating no such policy. I will probably go as
far us my distinguished friend from North Caro-
lina, in resisting any such policy. I am speaking
of individual assistance—that which France gave
us in aid of our cause; that which we gave Greece,
the South American Republics, nnd Texas; and I
maintain that such individual aid does not make
those who give it, buccaneers, outlaws, or pirates.
Nor does such individual acts attaint the Govern-
ment from which the individuals come. If it were
otherwise, we might even now be seized and exe-
cuted for pirating against Spain in South America,
and agair.st Mexico in Texas.
But my friend from North Carolina has ad-
vanced another argument which is yet more ex-
traordinary, extraordinary I mean aa coming from
him. When I saw mv friend standing on the
other side of the House filibustering, as 1 thought,
against the United States, surrounded, as he was,
by admiring Whigs, 1 did not know what to think.
It seemed to me he had taken formal leave of his
old State-Rights friends, and gone over to the
Whigs. He has got into strange company, cer-
tainly, and advances very strange sentiments.
Why, says the gentleman, these blacks upon the
Island of Cuba will be emancipated by the au-
thority of the Spanish Government, and how are
you to make it slave territory again ? I am op-
posed, says he, to carrying slaves from the slave-
holding States of the Union to this Island, or any-
where else, and I am opposed to the extension of
the area of slavery. When the gentleman and
myself stood hand to hand, and shoulder to shoul-
der battling for what we conceived to be our
rights upon the shores of the Pacific, what were
we battling for, but fora country to which south-
ern slavery could be carried ? When we resisted
the surrounding of the southern States by a cor-
don of free States, it was, sir, that slavery might
not be circumscribed, that it should have room to
expand. We desired California kept in a condi-
tioii that the slaves of southern States could be
carried there. I confess it here, as I confessed it
when the matter was under discussion, and if 1 go
for the acquisition of Cuba, or for any other terri-
tory in the South, let it be distinctly understood
now, and through all time, that 1 go for it because
I want an outlet for slavery. I am for extending
the area of slavery. In such extension, I see
safety to the South, and no harm to the rest of the
■ There was a day when slavery existed
in Rhode Island. It left there to go South 1
know she boasts that she emancipated her slaves,
but Rhode Island and Massachusetts emancipated
the remnant when the great body of them had
gone South. New York and Pennsylvania were
slaveholding States, but they sent their slaves
South and sold them, and then boasted of making
their State free. Virginia, Maryland, and the
1 border States are now undergoing the same pro-
cess. Slavery is leaving these States, and going
further South. The slave population is multiply-
ing with wonderful rapidity. We have now three
and a half millions of slaves, and in thirty years
we shall have seven or eight millions. When
they have become profitless or troublesome, we,
too, want a South to which we can send them.
We want it, we cannot do without it, and we mean
to have it.
W hen you have forced into the cotton-growing.
States of this Union, eight millions of slaves, ana
have left them no outlet, you will have that sort
of disaster which you would have if you dammed
up the mouth of the Mississippi river. There
must be an outlet for them.
Mr. ALLISON,(interrupting.) Forthehonor
of the State which I in part represent, I would
have it go upon the record, that Pennsylvania
abolished slavery before she had acquired her in-
dependence—at the earliest moment that she could
do so, indeed before she had the power fairly.
Mr. BROWN. I know very well that they
had a prospective emancipation law in Pennsyl-
vania; but I also know that within the last genera-
tion, slavery existed in that State. I happen to be
the owner of persons now, whose immediate an-
cestors were once slaves in Pennsylvania.
Mr. VENABLE. Will my friend from Mis-
sissippi permit me to make a single remark ?
Mr. BROWN. Oh, certainly.
Mr. VENABLE. I do not wish to speak fur-
ther upon this subject, but I cannot sit by and hear
the posiiions 1 have taken misstated,as my friend
has misstated them, unintentionally no doubt. He
says that I am opposed to extending the area of
slavery. Why,sir, 1 must have expressed myself
very obscurely. I am against limiting the area of
slavery, and the consequence, as 1 apprehend, of
the annexation of Cuba will be the emancipation
of the slaves in that Island—making it free ter-
ritory.
My object is to prevent the contraction and not to
prevent the expansion of the area of slavery. I must
indeed nave expressed myself very obscurely, or
my friend could not have so misunderstood me.
My proposition was this: that incase of a revolution
in Cuba, if the Spanish Government were satisfied
that individuals from the United States, whether
called buccaneers or invaders—I will call them by
any name suitable and respectful—were producing i
that revolution, the ultimate end of which was the
annexation ofCubatothe United States, and if the
Spanish Government were also satisfied that that
end was to be effected because of the profit of slave
labor in Cuba, they would be driven to that ex-
periment which would be almost fatal to us, viz:
the contraction of the area of slave territory, by
making Cuba free territory, and thereby reducing
the amount of sympathy in the world towards us
arid our institutions, making us almost the only
slaveholding Power in the world. That was the
proposition which I made. I am in favor of ex- .
tending the area of slavery by any just means in ;
our power; but I take occasion to say,- that no j
party ties, no party affiliations, no " young Amer-
ica' or old America, no persons in power or qut
of power can induce me to aid in extending it if
it is to be done by oppression or wrong, or by the
violation of treaty stipulations.
Mr. POLK, (interrupting.) I desire to suggest
to the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
that, as it seems the gentleman from .North Caro- j
lina [Mr. Venabie] has got into a state of cir- !
cumstances he had no idea of upon this subject, i
he should allow that gentleman the balance of his !
hour to explain out. [Laughter.] j
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis- j
sissippi has yielded the floor to the gentleman
from North Carolina. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is not in order. * I
Mr. VENABLE. I suppose so, and it would j
therefore be out of order for me to make any reply !
to the gentleman's suggestion. [Laughter.] I '
say again, that neither party ties, nor party affilia-
tions, nor the opinions of friends from whom I
should part with reluctance, (ould induce me to
support a policy marked by the violation of treaty
stipulations, or marked with injustice and wrong
towards any of the nations of the earth.
Mr. BROWN. Why, Mr. Chairman, my
, n^/ron? North Carolina was never more mis-
taken i# his life, than when he supposed it possi-
ble for his old State-Rights friends to aounael or
advocate any violation of treaty stipulations or of
f" ood faith with Spain or with any other country.
hold that to be quite out of the question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. BROWN. Make it very brief then.
Mr. STEVENS. I will. 1 understood the
gentleman to say that slavery existed in Pennsyl-
vania, and that he owned slaves that came from
that State. Did I understand him rightly ?
Mr. BROWN. You did.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know at what
period 'hose slaves were brought from Pennsyl-
vania >
Mr. BROWN. That is a question which I am
not able to answer.
Mr. STEVENS. By the law of 1780, slavery
was abolished in Pennsylvania, allowing those then
in bondage to remain so during their lives. Some
of those even yet survive. That is all the slavery
that has existed in Pennsylvania since 1780, and
even that was abolished in 1847. But if the gen-
tleman holds any slaves who are the descendants
of those that were brought from Pennsylvania
since 1780, I beg leave to inform him that they
were carried away contrary to law, and are free;
and to suggest to him whether it would not be well
to inquire whether he is not ignorantly holding
freemen hi bondage. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. I usually examine into-the
question of title before I acquire property. Let
me get back to the point where I left my friend
from North Carolina. He now says, and I am
glad to hear it, that he is in favor of extending the
area of slavery. How is this to be done if we
acquire no more territory ? If slavery is to be ex-
tended at all, Cuba promises a fairer field than any
other country. This the gentleman will not take.
By a very summary process, he hns disposed of
Spanish slavery there, and he tells us he will not
consent to see its place > upplied by American sla-
very. It seems to me, therefore, that my friend's
declaration just now made is in conflict with the
positions taken in his speech.
But, Mr. Chairman, I pass from the details to
the general character of my friend's speech. He
1 seemed to me to be making an argument, the whole
drift of which was, as the gentleman from Geor-
; gia [Mr. Stephens] has well characterized it, in
opposition to the acquisition of Cuba under any
i circumstances. Now, lest I may be misunder-
I stood, I am perfectly free to say that 1 am not go-
, ing to second any filibustering expedition against
Cuba or any other part of the world. But, sir,
I am free to say that I want Cuba, and I am
willing and anxious that all the world should
know that I want it. This ought in my judgment
to become our national position. Not that we will
take it, but that we want it, and that we mean to
have it if Spain parts with it. We ought to hold
out this idea io all the nations of-the earth, and if
needs be, enforce it against all the nations of the
, earth. We should make no arguments against its
! acquisition.
| I am for no filibustering in the ordinary accept-
; ation of that term. But I will tell you what I am
for. I am for this: I am for demanding and ex-
acting, at all times, and under all circumstances,
a proper respect for the flag of this country, and if
in doing that, we should become involved in a war
with Spain, or with any other country; I am for
fighting it out; and if in the general settlement, we
can get nothing but land, I am willing to take land.
[Laughter.]
i .Mr. VENABLE. So am I.
Mr. BROWN. That far, then, my old fritfid
and myself agree.
This, sir, suggests a point to whicfi I wish to
call the gentleman's attention. I want to know
whether we agree about that also. I think the
President of the United States, in the late trans-
actions at Havana, in which the steamer Cres-
cent City was involved, was entirely wrong. I
am free to admit to the House, and before the
world, thatSpain, or the Spanish authorities upon
the Island of Cuba, have the same right to exclude
an obnoxious individual from the port of Havana
that the authorities of Charleston have to exclude
obnoxious individuals from that port. But I wish
my friend, and those who agree with him, to
mark this distinction; South Carolina, nor Charles-
ton, by the authority of South Carolina, has ever •
said to a British ship, " You shall not enter this
port because you bear a black man upon your
