1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
deck;" her laws are not directed against the flag of | it, we mean to have it, peaceably if we can, forci-
Great Britain, but against the obnoxious individ- || bly if we must. I would not encourage her to
uals who chance to be on board her ships. I de-
fend that policy in South Carolina, and to that
extent I will defend it in the authorities of Spain.
But, sir, Spanish authority went beyond this.
If the Captain General had simply taken the
ground that the obnoxious Mr. Smith should not
leave the ship's deck, or that he should even be
taken from the ship's deck and confined during
the time the vessef remained in Spanish waters
before the city of Havana, 1 do not know, unless
there had been something offensive in the manner
of the transaction, that f should have objected to
it-upon broad national grounds; as at present ad-
vised, I should have sustained it. But when the au-
thorities went beyond that, and said that an Amer-
ican ship, bearing the American flag, having on
board an American crew and American citizens
as passengers, and carrying the American mails,
■should not enter the waters of Cuba because the
obnoxious Mr. Smith chanced to be on board of
her, I think they violated good faith, violated the
treaty which exists between the two countries—a
treaty of amity; a treaty that authorized the ships
of the one to enter the ports of the other on terms
look to other quarters for a purchaser or an owner,
in case she were disposed to part with the Island.
I would not encourage others to hope that they
might acquire it on any terms short of absolute
force. Hence I say, 1 would make no arguments
against its acquisition. Arguments should be to
prepare the people of this country, and of all coun-
tries, for its acquisition by the United States. I
would prepare the minds of our people to make
sacrifices for its acquisition—sacrifices in money,
and, if necessary, sacrifices of another character.
The gentleman from North Carolina has made
one of the strongest arguments I ever heard against
the acquisition of this Island, under any circum-
stances. This was indeed too bad. Sir, what
must be the effect of such a speech upon the pub-
lic mind ? If it has any effect at all—and that it
must have an effect, his high position before the
House and the country assures us—it must be to
cause the public mind to pause, to hesitate, to
doubt the propriety of the acquisition. He says
it would throw the country into a commotion; that
it would disturb the public mind; that conflicts
between the North and South would be revived.
of equality with the ships of the most favored ,j What must be the effect of such declarations ?
nations. That is my judgment; and Spain, by
her constituted authorities, offered an insult to
our flag by excluding from her port a ship that
bore it, and for this offense, I trust the incoming
President will even yet demand satisfaction;—that
he will not permit it tq be blurred over as it has
been by the retiring President.
Why, it must be to induce every man—at heart a
patriot, every conservative man—in the country,
who trusts to these declarations, to resist the acqui-
sition of the Island at all hazards, and against all
persuasion. No man trusting the soundness of
the gentleman's logic, and filled with his evil fore-
bodings, but would resist the acquisition as he
I feel that there is something due to the dignity 1 would resist a pestilence. The gentleman says it
■ .u:_ r. . .  • . ' will prove a very PandoraV box.
Mr. VENABLE. Would my friend be willing
to acquire Canada ?
Mr. BROWN. I certainly would not be will-
ing^ make as great sacrifices to acquire Canada,
as I would to acquire Culia; but if there were a
prospect of getting Canada, I am not prepared to
say that I would resist the acquisition, and es-
pecially if our northern brethren showed them-
selves liberal in allowing us to get a little more
land for the South. But as my friend from North
Carolina is Of a kindly disposition, I will ask him
of this Government in a case like this, beyond
what we have got. When her flag is excluded, her
citizens driven out of a friendly port, her mail is
denied admission, and'all simply because the
Captain General—a mere tool of her Catholic Ma-
jesty—chanced to think that Mr. Smith has done
something or thought something derogatory to
Spain, we ought to have something more than we
have y< t had. It was a good time to speak boldly
and act firmly. Instead of pocketing the insult, as
I think we have done, we ought to have resented
it, and resented it properly. If war had come,
why let it come; if Cuba was acquired, why let it the same question; would he go for acquiring
be acquired; and if the people of North Carolina Canada?
wanted to carry their slaves there, let them carry
them there. If the Spanish authorities thought
proper to issue a decree emancipating the negmes
on the Island,and it was deemed to have been done
in derogation of our rights as a party to the con-
flirt, it would be a matter for our determination
whether we would respect such ti decree. All this,
however, is very fnr from the main point.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (interrupting.) I should
like to ask the gentleman a single question. The
genthman speaks of the insult offered to our flag.
What kind of satisfaction does he propose that the
incoming Administration shall demand? Would
anything short of taking the Island of Cuba sat-
isfy him ?
Mr. BROWN. I should prefer that sort of sat-
isfaction to any other. [Laughter.] But, sir, if
that sort of satisfaction was given which is ordi- .
narily demanded and given on similar occasions,
Government ought to accept it; and if it did not, I |
would repudiate the action of the Government. I
The Captain General who denied admission to the
Mr. VENABLE. I would not.
Mr. BROWN. I said when I rose, that I did
not design to make a speech upon this subject.
The gentleman from North Carolina had ex-
pressed opinions so foreign to my own, and so
contrary to what I deem to be the interest of the
South, and of the whole country, I felt it due to
myself, considering my party relations with that
gentleman, to say at once, that 1 do not concur in
the views he expressed.
Mr. VENABLE. Will my friend permit me
to ask one additional question ?
Mr. BROWN,, Certainly.
Mr. VENABLE. I desire to know whether,
under any circumstances, the gentleman would be
willing to annex Cuba as a free State, if slavery
did not exist there?
Mr. BROWN. 1 do not think that I would
readily consent to it, and the gentleman might
have gathered as much from my remarks before.
I said I wanted to acquire this territory as an out-
let for slavery, as a means of extending the area
Crescent City into the port of Havana ought to j: of slavery. I will do nothing under a disguise. I
have been recalled by Spain on the demand of this j will practice no fraud or deception upon anybody,
Government, or some other atonement for the of-
fense ought to have been demanded. The Presi-
dent ought not to have rested satisfied until he
got it. That is my judgment. If Spain was ob-
stinate, and offered us nothing but war, let the
consequences be upon her own head. Let me not
be misunderstood. I say emphatically and dis-
tinctly that I do not desire to see our Government
seeking for war, or, as the common expression is,
"picking a quarrel" with Spain, or any other
Government. 1 prefer peace with that Govern-
ment and with all Governments.
One sentiment which the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Venable] advanced, I indorse
most fully. So long as Spain holds the Island of
Cuba, and holds it securely, I am content that she
shall keep it. But I will make no speech against
its acquisition. I will make no argument against
its acquisition. I would have Spain and all the J
world to understand distinctly that we always de- I
aire the Island; and that if Spain ever parts with i
personally or politically. I do not say that I would
| not be in favor of the annexation of Cuba under
! any circumstances; but I confess that a vast
amount of my zeal and enthusiasm would ooze
out very suddenly, if I knew it was coming to us
as a free State. I want it; and I want it as aslave
State, and as an outlet for slavery. In a military,
and in a commercial point of view, its acquisition
would be vastly desirable, even as a free State.
But 1 will not longer detain the committee.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WILCOX. Mr. Chairman, I approbate
in part, the remarks of the gentlemen from North
Carolina and Mississippi, and indorse tn toto those
of the gentleman from Georgia. I trust that a
spirit of conservatism will characterize the incom-
ing Administration; and that economy, retrench-
ment and reform, will be its watch-word, and
; that peace will be its ensign. I cannot indorse
the doctrine, however, of opposition to the acquisi-
tion of Cuba at all hazard and in any event. No,
sir, the time may come, when a portion of this Con-
federacy may be forgetful of the ties that bind it
i to the other, and compel a dissolution of the Gov-
vernment. In that event, I might bein favor of it.
' Its acquisition might become a public necessity in
a national point of view. In such an emergency,
should be for it without a why or wherefore. At
present, no such necessity exists. " Sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof." I may,at some
future period of the session, submit my views upon
that subject. I have availed myself, Mr. Chair-
man, of the warlike spirit introduced into the
House this morning, to speak upon a different
subject. A few days ago an effort was made to
take from the Speaker's table, the resolution of
the Senate, which proposed to confer the title of
lieutenant general upon General Scott. It is to
that resolution I desire to speak, and it affords me
pleasure, on the present occasion, to rise and testify
to the eminent military services of General Scott,
and to vote for the passage of the resolution, as a
simple act of justice to him.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, that this resolution will be
j adopted unanimously, and that the Democracy of
1 the House will, for the time being, suspend their
partisan predilections, and express to the world
! their high appreciation of General Scott's military
; worth and genius, though they could not yield
him their support for the Presidency. I am, how-
ever, sir, fully persuaded that the new honor we
are striving to obtain for him, will not add one jot
or tittle to his fame, for that has been sung by ad-
! mini g tongues on every shore, and beneath every
! sky where civilization has shed lier blessings, and
valor unsheathed her sword. But, si,, it will do
this: it will present to posterity this nation's grat-
itude, and will serve as an incentive to coming
I generations to emul.ite the virtues and prowess of
| this distinguished patriot and warrior. Yet, sir,
strange to say, there are those in our midst who
regard this as a dangerous precedent, and who
charge the friends of the resolution with aping the
nobilny of England in their fondness for titles, and
who have a tremulous concern about everything
that has for its object the<*onferring of honor upon
those who have fought and bled in their country's
cause. They seem to apprehend that some modern
Nero, or Cromwell, in an unguarded hour, may
seize the reins of Government, and usurp the lib-
erties of the people, subsidize the press, and build
upon individual ambition'lie fabric of political desi
potism. Thank Heaven! sir, I have no such
gloomy forebodings. I have more confidence in
the firmness, virtue, arid patriotism of the Amer-
ican people.
Why, sir, if this spirit of trepidation had been
of extensive prevalence in our country in relation
to military men and honors, the career of the great
, Father of his Country would have closed with the
i battles of the Revolution; the Hero of the Hermit-
j age would have been shorn of half the glory
j awarded him; Old Tippecanoe would have been
I permitted to repose in calm and quiet beneath the
shades of North Bend; General Taylor would
have been left in the enjoyment of camp life; and
General Pierce spared the care, trouble, and anx-
iety that await him.
No, sir, the people are not afraid of trusting and
honoring and promoting their heroes. But, sir, we
have a precedent for conferring the title of lieuten-
ant general. By consulting the records of the past
it will be discovered that Congress resolved that a
general be appointed to command all the Conti-
nental forces raised, or to be raised, for the defense
of American liberty. (Journals of Congress, vol.
1st, page 83.) Mr. Hancock, on the 19th of th*
same month, signed the commission of Washing-
ton, in which he was styled general and comman-
der-in-chief, &c.
A war being apprehended with the French Direct-
ory, Congress enacted, May 28th, 1798:
" Sec. 5. -And be it, $*c., That whenever tbe President
shall deem it expedient, he is hereby empowered tn appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a com-
mander of the army which may be raised by virtue of this
act, and who, being commissioned as lieutenant general,
may be authonzed to command the armies of the United
States, and shall be entitled," fce.—(Hetzel's Mil. Latct,
p. 73.)
Again, sir, there is in the militia of Connecticut
and Illinois, the grade of lieutenant general. In
the annual return of the Connecticut militia, for
1850, there are, under the head of general staff,
his Excellency T. H. Seymour, Captain Gemeral,
