1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to, as follows:
Retohwrf. That tb* Clerk ot the President of the Senate
be «Mtmu«-d, at th« usual rate of compensation, uutil the '
farther "f.lrr o! the Senate. '
PETITIONS, ETC. I
Mr. JONES, of Ipwa, presented the petition of
the children and heirs of William Van Wart, pray-
ing to he allowed land and arrears of pension to
which they allege their father was entitled for ser-
vice® in the revolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Buffalo, New York, praying that the lull giving
further remedies to patentees may become a law;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. STOCKTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Newark, New Jersey, praying that the !
bill jiving further remedies to patentees may be-
come a law; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania, praying a modification of
the bounty land law; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of mer-
chants, shipmasters, and others, re iding in the
Belfast collection district, praying the erection of
a custom-house building at Belfast, Maine; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of citizens
of Humboldt Bay, and its vicinity, California,
praying that Humboldt Bay may be made a port
of entry; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK.it was
Onferal, That the report of the Solicitor of the Treasu-
ry, in relation to th" claim of Joseph Nock, communicated
to the Senate the 'i2d December, be referred to the Com-
mittee ob the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Anna Norton and Louis
Foskit, heirs of Zephaniah Ross, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORT FROM A STANDING-COMMITTEE.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was. referred the memorial of
Thomas Allen, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be re- |
fetied to the Committee on Printing; which was f
agreed to. r
FALLS OF THE OHIO. I1
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It will be recollected by
the Senate that my late colleague, [Mr. Meri-
wether,} during the last session of Congress,
offered some resolutions, and I believe at his in-
stance an appropriation was made for the survey
of the Falls of the Ohio, by a board of officers ap-
pointed for that purpose. That work has been
nearly completed, t have in my hands a resolu-
tion, which I wish to offer, calling for a copy of
their report, and I hope the Senate will adopt it.
I am rejoiced that the service has been rendered
by my then associate and colleague, and I think
the information obtained will entitle him to the
thanks of the country, for being the instrument
by which it has been procured. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Remlved, That the Secretary of Warbe, and be is hereby,
directed to communicate to the Senate a copy of the re-
port of the board of officers recently appointed to make a
survey and examination of the various plans for canals
around the falls of the Ohio river, and the enlargement
and extension of the present canal, as provided for by the
act of Congress " making appropriations for the improve-
mt of certain harbors and rivers," approved August 30th,
1653.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF PROVIDENCE HARffOR.
Mr. CLARKE, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution,
explanatory of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the mouth of the Sekonk river, in the
harbor of Providence, Rhode Island; which was
read a first time, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. CLARKE. I would now ask as a favor
from the Senate, that they would immediately
consider that resolution; and if thei* is no objec-
tion to its consideration, I will state very briefly
the circumstances rendering it necessary. In the
river and harbor bill of last session there was an
appropriation made in these words: " For remov-
ing a rock from the mouth of the Sekonk river, in
the harbor of Providence, Rhode island, $5,000."
Upon examination no such rock has been found
there; but there is, at the mouth of that river,
where it joins the harbor of Providence, and con-
nects with two rivers that come into that harbor,
a place that is known by the name of " the
Crook." That is formed by the joining of the two
rivers in the stream, and at that place is the mouth
of the Sekonk river, where, by the terms of the
appropriation, a rock was to be removed. Upon
examination no such rock has yet been found; but
this space is very much obstructed by the deposits
which have been made from the two rivers center-
ing there. The objectof this resolution is to allow
the appropriation of $5,000 to be used for the
clearing out of that " crook," which was the in-
| tention, and not to have it appropriated exclu-
sively to the removal of a rock. There may be a
rock, but none has yet been found.
1 will observe in this connection, that in the
river and harbor bill that was passed by the House
of Representatives, and came to the Senate in
March, 1851, there was an appropriation of $5,000
for the improvement of the harbor of Providence,
and removing a rock. In the last bill, by some
influence or instrumentality with which I am not
acquainted, that appropriation was differently
worded, 1 presume by mistake, and was made to
apply to the removal of a rock, instead of the
removal of obaiructions in " the crook " in the
harbor of Providence. It was designed for the
same purpose. This joint resolution is merely
explanatory, and allows the sum appropriated to
be expended in the clearing out of " the crook,"
instead of removing the rock in the harbor of
Providence. I presume there will be no objection
to it, and I therefore ask for its consideration now.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. No amendment being pro-
posed , it was reported without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
, time, and passed.
NAVY AND INVALID PENSIONS.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. FoRNET,its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the following bills:
" An act making appropriations for the payment of Navy
> pensions for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854."
" An act naking appropriations lor the payment of in-
: valid and other penrfons of the United States for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1834."
The two bills were severally read a first and
second time by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
Mr. CASS. Agreeably to the notice I gave
yesterday, 1 desire to submit the following joint
resolutions:
Be it raolvtd, t(c., That the United States do hereby
declare that" the American continents, by the free and in-
dependent condition which they have assumed and main-
tain, are henceforth not to be considered as subjects for
future colonization by any European Power." And while
" existing rights should be respected," and will be by the
United States, they owe it to their own " safety and inter-
ests " "to announce, as they now do, that no future Euro-
pean colony or dominion shall, with their oonsent, be planted
or established on any part of the North American continent."
And should the attempt be made, they thus deliberately de-
clare that it will be viewed as an act, originating in motive*
regardless of their " interests and their safety," and which
will leave them free to adopt such measures as an independ-
ent nation may justly adopt in defense of its rights aud its
honor.
wind be it further resolved, That while the United States
disclaim any designs upon the Island of Cuba, inconsistent
with the laws of nations and with their duties to Spain,
they consider it due to.the vast importance of the subject,
to make known in this solemn manner, that they should
view all efforts on the part of any other Power to procure
possession, whether peaceably or forcibly, of that Island,
which as a naval or military position must, under circum-
stances easy to be foreseen, become dangerous to their
southern coast, to the Gulf of Mexico, and to the mouth of
the Mississippi, as unfriendly acts, directed against them,
to be resisted by all the means in their power.
Mr. President, I have no design at all to call
the subject up at present. I wish to let the reso-
lutions lie, and take their regular course, and I
merely wish to say, for the information of the
Senate, that the quotations marked as such in
these resolutions, are taken from the messages,
respectively, of Mr. Monroe and Mr. Polk.
The resolutions were read a first time, passed
to a second reading, and ordered to be printed.
ANAESTHETIC PROPERTIES Of ETHER.
On the motion of Mr. SMITH, the Senatetook
up for consideration the memorial of the repre-
sentatives of Charles T. Wells, which was yes-
terday laid "Pon the table.
Mr. SMITH. I made a motion yesterday to
refer the memorial to a select committee, but on
consultation with my friend and colleague, I have
concluded to withdraw that motion, as I suppose
I am at liberty to do. The question will then re-
cur upon the motion to refer it to the Committee
on Military Affairs, to which I am willing that it
shall be sent.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have no objection whatever
to refer this memorial to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I have great confidence in the mem-
bers of that committee. The question which is
now presented, however, is a different one from
that which was presented at the last session of
Congress. Then it was rather a question of ap-
propriation; now it is a question of priority of
discovery; and that should appropriately go, if it
be referred to a standing committee, either to the
Committee on Patents or to the Committee on
Claims. I should have no objection to this me-
morial going to either of those committees; but at
the same time, as the subject is now before the
Committee on Military Affairs, I shall acquiesce
fully in its reference to that committee.
Mr. ADAMS. It occurs to me, that as a por-
tion of the question is already before the Military
Committee, all the matters arising upon the ques-
tion should go to that committee. I think, how-
ever, that there is a slight misapprehension in re-
gard to this subject. The only question, as I
humbly conceive, which should be considered by
the Congress of the United States, is in regard to
the use of rights secured by a patent. As to the
power and the right of this body to make appro-
priations for a discovery, I have never voted, and
never shall vote, one dollar for such appropria-
tions. Whoever may have made this discovery,
is a matter wholly immaterial to us. Congress
has established the proper officers to determine
that question as to the priority of discovery,
and as to the rights secured by that discovery
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States. The proper question, as I conceive, be-
fore the'committee, and which will arise before
' Congress, is as to the use by the Government of
rights secured under a patent. If there has been
fraud in obtaining a patent, on the part of Dr.
Morton, or any one else, of course any person in-
jured has a right to go before the courts and have
| the matter investigated in a manner in which Con-
! gress never can investigate it. We are to pre-
sume, until the contrary appears, that our officers
do their duty. If any one has obtained a patent
1 fraudulently, let those interested in the question file
their bills in the proper tribunals, and have the
patent set aside. The only question which can
properly arise before this body is, whether the
Government is using rights secured under a patent
legally and properly granted by its officers? We
cannot, according to my conception, go beyond
that question. When we come to look upon it
| as it really exists, and as we ought to act upon it,
it must be narrowed down to that simple point,
; whether or not we, in violation of the rights of an
individual who has obtained a patent, are using it.
If parties have been injured, let them go to the
i proper tribunals. This body never can investi-
gate their rights as it ought to be done. I think,
: however, that as some memorials on the subject
I have been referred to the Committee on Military
1 Affairs, the whole question should go before that
! committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, there is a great
deal of force in what my honorable friend from
Mississippi has said. I believe that the motion
now pending; is to refer this memorial to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. As chairman of that
committee, and having consulted with most of its
members, I shall ask that that reference be not
made. While this was a mere question of whether
the Government should remunerate the discoverer
for the use of his discovery in the Army and
Navy, it was appropriate for the Military Com-
mittee; but now the question to be determined is
a scientific one—who was the discoverer? We
cannot investigate that. It iB not within our prov-
ince. It ought to be investigated in some other
way. We had no hesitation in the world, be-
lieving that Dr. Morton was the discoverer—and
