200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
it is my opinion still, after the investigation I have
bestowed upon the subject, that he is the discov-
erer in proposing that the Government should
make some allowance for the use which it had
made of the discovery in the Army and Navy; for
it is one of the moat beneficent discoveries ever
made. But now the question is, Who was the
discoverer ? We have no desire to investigate that
question; nor is it any portion of the duties of our
committee to investigate it. I hope the memorial
will be referred to a select committee; and 1 make
that motion. I made the same motion yesterday,
and I then proposed, in order to relieve the Chair,
that the committee should be chosen by the Sen-
ate. To-day, after consulting with some of my
friends, I renew the motion that a select commit-
tee of five be appointed, to which the whole sub-
ject shall be referred, and that the committee be
appointed by the President of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question must first
be taken on the motion to refer the memorial to a
standing committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion.
Mr. SMITH. I did not make the motion. It
was made yesterday by the honorable Senator
from Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. In accordance with the de-
cision of the Committee on Military Affairs this
morning, in which I concur, I withdraw the mo-
tion to refer the memorial to that committee. I
agree with the chairman, that, under*the circum-
stances, it would be better to have this matter
referred to a select committee, and I think that
committee had better be appointed by the Chair.
I would have perfect confidence in his judgment.
Mr. W ALKER. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
his motion embraces all that he desires? The pe-
titions of physicians of Boston, and evidence taken
in support of them, are now before the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. Would it not be neces-
sary to report back those petitions, and to have
the committee discharged from their further con-
sideration, and then to have the whole subject re-
ferred to a special committee ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall make no motion to
refer the memorial to a select committee, for I
understand that it is usual to place the mover of
such a proposition upon the committee, and I
have no desire to be placed in such a position. I
will not therefore make any such motion, but I
will request that some Senator make the motion,
and that the President appoint the select commit-
tee, and then we can refer the whole subject to
that committee.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot see that the expla-
nation of the Senator from Illinois obviates the
difficulty. If the motion for a select committee
should now prevail, all that can be referred "to that
committee is what is now before the Senate. In
order that the committee may have its own views
of proceeding in this matter carried out, I will
move, as suggested by the Senator from Illinois,
that a select committee of five be appointed by the
Chair, to whom the petition now under consider-
ation may be referred, and then it will be for the
Committee on Military Affairs to take its own
course in regard to the other portion of the subject-
matter which has already been referred to them. •
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I presented the
memorials which have been ao much commented
upon, and I had them referred to the committee on
Military Affairs, because that committee had had
charge of the subject at the last session, and not
because I. supposed they hall any particularly
favorable ear to them; but my belief was that they
would deal with the subjeet impartially. I desire
nothing else. I am satisfied with any disposition
which shall secure for the subject an impartial
hearing. I have no distrust of any of the com-
mittees of this body. They have my confidence;
and I shall verv cheerfully aaquiescein submitting
the subject to the consideration of any one of them
which may be designated. I make these remarks'
simply   say that, for the petitioners whose peti-
tions I presented, all I desire is a fair and impartial
.'fW: 1 h v« no. doubt we shall get that from
the Military Committee. I thought that was the
appropriate committee, and therefore I sent thorn,
memorials to them; but, if the judgment of the
Senate be otherwise, I shall acquiesce in that judg-
ment with great cheerfulness.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on refer-
ring the petition of Charles T. Wells to a select
committee of five, to be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. CHASE. I suppose the proper course of
I proceeding under the rules is, that the proposition
' to raise a select committee should be first passed.
The appointment of the committee, I suppose, de-
volves on the Senate under the rules, unless by
unanimous consent that duty be awarded to the
Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is a com-
pound one, and a division can be asked.
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir; but I wish the case de-
cided under the rule. I have no objection to the
appointment of the committee by the Chair. I
merely rose for the purpose of having the order of
business preserved.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then be
on the motion to refer the memorial of Charles T.
Wells to a select committee of five.
Mr. HALE. Does not the rule require that the
^question shall be first taken on a motion to refer
to a standing committee?
The PRESIDENT. It does; but that motion
has been withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. I renew it, and for this reason:
I am apprehensive that if a select committee be ap-
pointed, we shall not get a report during this ses-
sion. These claimants have been here some five or
six years—from the beginning of the Twenty-ninth
or Thirtieth Congress. This session is now more
than one third through. I was in favor of a spe-
cial committee yesterday, but I am now satisfied,
after consulting some gentlemen, that if a select
committee be raised, we shall not get a report this
session. I therefore move to refer the memorial
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BADGER. We shall be more likely to
get a report during the session from a select than
from a standing committee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope my friend will with-
draw his motion. Every member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is indisposed to act
upon this question. I hope, therefore, he will not
force us to act upon it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I concur in the
wish expressed by the Senator from Illinois. I
am a member of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and I should regret exceedingly, under the
circumstances that surround us, to be required to
take charge of the question again. No matter
What report we might make, it could not, and
would not be satisfactory to all the claimants; and
it seems to me that, under the circumstances, we
would expose ourselves to imputations which no
honorable gentleman ought to be willing to bear.
It is upon that ground that I am opposed to the
reference of the memorial to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I hope it will be sent to a spe-
cial committee, and that we may be relieved from
i the further investigation of it.
Mr. BADGER. I concur entirely in the sug-
J gestion made by the two Senators who have just
spoken. I see no propriety in forcing this subject
upon the Committee on Military Affairs, when
every member of that committee is opposed to
j having it under their consideration. They have
| acted upon it once, and I see no particular connec-
tion which that committee have with this subject
to make it imperative on the Senate to send it to
them. It seems to me that the Senator from New
i Hampshire is mistaken in supposing that by re-
' ferring the matter to the Committee on Military I
Affairs, we shall facilitate the getting of a report.
J I think that if a select committee be appointed, we
shall probably get a report sooner, and a more
satisfactory one, than by referring it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, for it is well known
that that committee has a great deal of business
to attend to.
Mr. HALE?. I want to inquire of the Senator
from Arkansas whether he, as a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs, has not already
made some progress, and taken some steps in the
investigation of the memorials presented by the
Senator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. BORLAND. I will answer the Senator,
by saying that the Committee on Military Alfairs
have had but two meetings since the subject was
referred to them, and at the meeting of last week,
it was referred to me as a sub-committee. It was
brought before the committee this morning, in
consequence of yesterday's debate, and the unan-
imous decision of the committee was, that we
should object to a further reference of the subject
to us, and should ask its reference to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. HALE. Then I withdraw my motion.
The proposition to refer the memorial to a select
committee was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion that the Chair appoint the committee.
Mr. HALE. Does not that require unanimous
consent ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HALE. If it does, you cannot have it.
If it does not, you can have it.
The PRESIDENT then put the question, and
no one voting in the negative but Mr. Hale, the
motion was declared to be carried.
Mr. HALE. I would refer the Chair to the
35th rule.
The PRESIDENT. That rule will be read.
The Secretary accordingly read the rule, as fol-
lows:
"35. In the appointment of the standing committees, tlie
Senate will proceed, by ballot, severally to appoiut the
chairman of each committee, and then, by one ballot, the
other members necessary to complete the same ; and a ma-
jority of the whole number of votes given shall be neces-
sary to the choice of a chairman of a standing committee.
All other committees shall be appointed by ballot, and a
plurality of votes shall make a choice. When any subject
or matter shall have been referred to a committee, any other
subject or matter of a similar nature may, on motion, be re-
ferred to such comrhittee."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that under this rule.the committee must be ap-
pointed by ballot, if there be objection.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn.
Several Senators. Withdraw it.
Mr. HALE. As the Chair has ruled that 1 was
right, and as that is all I wanted, I withdraw the
objection.
Mr. BORLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to which were referred
two memorials from physicians and surgeons of
Massachusetts, in reference to this subject, to re-
port them back, and ask to be discharged from
their further consideration. In doing so, I deem
it but just to the subject and the committee to read
the memorials, which consist of about half a dozen
lines each. The first is in these words:
" To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tive! of the United State) in Congress assembled :
" The undersigned hereby testify to your honorable body,
that in their opinion, Dr. William T. G. Morton fim proved
to the world, tliat ether would produce insensibility ta the
pain of surgical operations, and that it could be used with
safety. In their opinion, his fellow men owe a debt to liini
for this knowledge. Wherefore, they respectfully ask a re-
cognition, by Congress, of his services to his country and
mankind."
_ Then follow the names of surgeons and physi-
cians of the Massachusetts General Hospital, in
which I find the names of John C. Warren, George
H ay'ward, S. D.Townsend, Jacob Bigelow, Oliver
Wendell Holmes, and other surgeons and physi-
cians of like character, the respectability of whom
will be vouched, no doubt, by the Senators from
Massachusetts, and who are known, not only to
the United States, but to the whole medical world.
Then come the names of the Consulting Board of
the Massachusetts General Hospital, four in num-
ber; then the officers and surgeons of the Massa-
chusetts Charitable Eye and Ear Infirmary, and
after them a surgeon of the Navy; then we have
the names of over one hundred members of the
Massachusetts Medical Society; and at the head of
whom we find Dr. Walter Channing and John
Horoans.
The other memorial is in these words:
"The subscribers respectfully represent that they are
members of the Roard of Trustees of the Massachusetts
General Hospital; that the power of the inhalation of sul-
phuric ether to produce insensibility to pain, in surgical
operations, was discovered by experiments instituted at this
hospital, by Dr. William T. G. Morton ; and that in their
opinion, he is entitled to a liberal national reward for the
service thus rendered to the country and to mankind."
This is signed by Dr. Bigelow, Dr. Ballard, and
other physicians and surgeons of a similar char-
acter.
The motion to discharge the Committee on
Military Affairs was agreed to, and the memorials
were referred to the select committee raised on the
subject.
COLONEL JOHN C. FREMONT.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Colo-
nel John Charles Fremont, late lieutenant colonel
