202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 4,
touched by that body. I can see nothing which I
will be accomplished by the amendment, except
to express wiittt is the clear and undoubted law of
the case, without this being inserted. The pro-
viso is this: " That any additional claim in said
«letters patent of 1836, so made and presented at
' the Patent Office tor letters patent under the pro-
« visions of this act, shall be for a patentable ira-
' provement." Under ordinary circumstances,
this would be a matter of no great importance;
but, for another purpose, the other day, I caused
a list to be made out to show the state of the bills
which have been sent to the House of Represent-
atives, and I found fhere were two hundred and
seventy-three bills which have been sent from the
Senate to the House during the present Congress,
which are resting on the table there untouched.
Now, here is a proviso that, when the Commis-
sioner of Patents issues the pa tun for further ad-
ditional improvements, the additional improve- j
ments shall be patentable matters. I look upon it |
as just as perfectly unnecessary and useless as an
express proviso that thepatent shall be in the form
prescribed by law, and shall have the seal of the
United States attached to it. It is to authorize the
issuing of a patent for additional improvements.
What improvements ? Patentable improvements,
of course. And why adopt a proviso which says
that the improvements shall be patentable?
But, independently of the fact that the proviso
is uweless, I object to it because it may be mis-
chievous—because it tolerates this proposition, that
if Congress direct the extension of a patent in-
cluding improvements, and stop there, that provis-
ion of a private law overturns the whole of our
patent sysiem, and authorizes a patent to issue for
anything, whether it is patentable or not.
Then look at the rest of the proviso. It goes
on: " And shall by this act in the same manner
be open to be contested on the ground of priority
of invention, or other legal ground." That is
evidently and plainly a proviso which accomplishes
nothing. Of course the patents issued by this
Government, under our general law, convey noth-
ing but prima facie rights. The general law pro-
vides that they are subject to be contested on the
ground of priority of invention, or priority of use.
Why put that proviso there? What does it ac-
complish ? Does it do anything except to put the
bill m a condition in which it maj  probably be
lost? If the bill be passed with this proviso, it is
just what the bill would be passed without the
proviso; and why, therefore, should it be incum-
bered with a proviso which, in any event, does
nothing but jeopard its passage through the other
House, and is absolutely unnecessary? I pre-
sume that, to a legal mind, no proposition can be
more perfectly clear, than that without this pro-
Tiso the bill will speak precisely what it will with
it. I hope that as it is considered a meritorious
. ease for the extension of a patent, the Senate will
not put a proviso in the bill which will jeopard its
passage, when, without the proviso, the bill is just
what it is with it.
Mr. SEWARD. I regret that this bill has come
up this morning, under the circumstances, in which
the question of its passage is raised. As I under-
stand, the amendment was submitted by the chair-
man of the Committee on Patents, [Mr. James,]
and F presume, therefore, it was submitted upon
consultation, and by authority of the Committee
on Patents. At all events, it was submitted by
him, whether by authority of the committee or
not I do not know.
Mr. CASS. It was submitted by the Senator
from Rhode Island before he was a member of the
Committee on Patents, I believe; certainly before
he was chairman of the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Michigan is perhaps better informed on that point
than I am. I will say, however, that I was re-
quested by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Dawson,] who is a member of the Commit-
tee on Patents, to ask, if this bill should come up
in his absence, that it might be delayed. And
looking around the Senate Chamber for the Com-
mittee on Patents, 1 find that, when this bill, which
has excited a good deal of interest, and which is
undoubtedly of a good deal of importance to the
parties soliciting its passage, and which we must
all see has considerable bearing upon the interest
of citizens of the United States, is brought before
the Senate, the chairman of the Committee on
Patents is absent; I find that the honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] who is a mem-
ber of the committee, is* absent also; and every
Senator on that committee is absent, except the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.] I have
therefore to state, at the instance of the Senator
from Georgia, that he desires, for some reason of
his own which he thought sufficient, to ask that
this bill might lie over until his return. He went
away to spend the holidays, and has not yet re-
turned.
With regard to the amendment, it is true, as
the Senator from North Carolina has said, that
the bill contains exactly all that the bill with the
amendment would contain on that subject. I pre-
sume that, according to the decisions or the courts,
anything which would be patented under the di-
rections of this law would be open to investiga-
tion without the amendment as much as it is with
it. But this bill has a feature to which 1 will call
the attention of the Senate. On looking for the
cause of solicitude on the part of the Senator
from Rhode 1 si and for the passage of this amend-
ment, 1 discovered what seems to me to have been
the ground he had for offering it. It is this : that
this is not the simple case of the renewal of a
patent. The bills which we have been accustomed
to pass, have been extensions rather than renew-
als; but the patent in this case was granted to
Hiram Moore and John Hascall sixteen years
ago, for a threshing machine. This bill proposes
to extend that patent, and so fjir, it is in conform-
ity with our past legislation. But as I understand
the bill, it goes further, and proposes, while ex-
tending a patent which has been already granted
by legislation, to direct a new patent to be issued
or an extension to be granted for alleged im-
provements which were never patented. If I am
wrong 1 shall be glad to be corrected.
Mr. BADGER. That is so.
Mr. SEWARD. Here,then, is a patent " for
a machine, commonly known as 'Moore and
Hascall's Harvesting Machine,' together with the
improvements invented by them, or either of them,
in perfecting said machine, or any part thereof."
These improvements have never been patented.
Now, from what time are they to be patented ?
According to this bill, from the time of the date
of the original patent, which may have been two,
four, ten, or fourteen years before the new inven-
tions were made. I presume that no such legis-
lation has ever occurred in the Congress of the
United States. I do not know that any such le-
gislation has ever occurred in the British" Parlia-
ment from which we have derived our system of
legislation for the protection of inventions. I
start at the idea of directing a patent not only tq
be issued for improvements which were patented,
but for others, supposing them to be patentable,
and which could have been patented at the time of
the invention,and then antedate the patent for the
improvements to a period before the invention was
made. I have never seen any reason for this.
Bht where there has been a neglect or omission to
obtain a patent forimprovements, within the time
prescribed by law, that is a circumstance which
addresses itself to the sense of# equity of the Sen-
ate. But I am not sufficiently informed with re-
gard to the circumstances, nor with regard to the
bearing of this amendment upon other parties who
may claim patents for improvements, to be able
to give my vote for it. I suppose that the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island who proposed the amend-
ment, thought that it was necessary to guard
against the dangers which might result from the
passage of the bill in its present form. I do not
know whether the Committee on Patents will rec-
ommend to the Senate to pass this bill with the
amendment, nor whether they will recommend to
the Senate to pass it without the amendment. It
seems to me, therefore, that we are in danger of
going on with a matter of very considerable inter-
est to individuals and considerable interest to the
public, without sufficient information. I bring
these facts before the Senate for the purpose of
basing upon them a motion which I shall make to
have this matter laid over until the return of the
Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BADGER. I will say a word or two with
reference to what has been suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from New York. In the first place,
as I understand this matter, we are to observe,
that by the -very nature of the discovery in this
case, it is taken out of the ordinary class of pat-
entable inventions. It is a harvesting machine;
and experiments for perfecting it can only be made
when there is grain to be harvested; and it neces-
sarily requires that years shall pass away, the
party availing himself of the recurring seasons
which each year affords, to test his new discov-
eries, or supposed new discoveries, and reduce
them into a practicable form. What, therefore,
would be an unreasonable delay in the case of an
invention which could be tried from day to day,
and depended not upon any particular season, nor
the presence of a particular crop, is a very reason-
able one in this case.
So much as to the bill independently of the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from New York with
regard to the fact that there might be some over-
sight in taking out the patent. But it has been
suggested, that as this patent is to issue for im-
provements which have been made, and which
will be dated back to the time when the original
patent was granted, it might be an injury to some
persons who may have made, in the intermediate
time, some improvement or discovery which is
included in the improvements for which we are to
authorize a patent to be issued by this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Or may have used them.
Mr. BADGER. Yes, or may have used them.
1 do not understand the patent law thus. It is
not to throw the improvements together with the
original invention, so as not to be able to tell one
from the other. The question will at last be opened
whether there was any improvement made, just
as the question will be opened whether there was
any original invention made. The question will be
opened whether the party has allowed or permitted
his improvement to be devoted to the service of the
public; whether he has given the use of it beyond
what was necessary to perfect the improvement;
whether, by these or any other means, he has de-
voted it to the service of the public, or any in-
dividual with whom he has a contest as to the
prior or equal right to it. Therefore, it strikes me
that what is unusual in the legislation in this case,
is sufficiently accounted for by the unusual char-
acter of the improvement, and that there is no
reason to apprehend that any improper advantage
will be taken in a contest with this party, or in a
contest with other individuals. It is a right in
him, if improvements were made by him. For
although an improvement be made, it confers no
right upon an individual except by authority of
Government; and every patent is conditional and
can extend no further than the things for which
he has taken out a patent were patentable and
were discovered, improved, or invented, as the
case might be, by him. I therefore do not see
any necessity for this amendment, or any other
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to ask the Sena-
tor this question. Suppose these improvements
were really the invention of the patentee, and sup-
pose they were abandoned to the public use :
That gave to all persons the right to use them.
Will not the effect of this bill, in its present form,
—1 say nothing of the amendment,—deprive all
parties of the benefit of the plea of abandonment,
and compel the Commissioner of Patents to grant
a patent, giving the use of these inventions to the
patentee, notwithstanding his abandonment, and
entitle him to recover for such use of his patent,
back for a period of fourteen years, from all par-
ties who may have used his inventions when ac-
tually abandoned ?
Mr. BADGER. I suppose not.
Mr. SEWARD. I asked the Senator that
question, because I thought itlne worthy of con-
sideration.
Mr. BADGER. As I said before. I suppose
not; but I would say to the Senator from New
York, that whatever effect this bill might have
upon the patent, it would have no effect in the
courts of law between the patentee and the persons
using the patent in the case supposed by the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say something with
respect to the reasons assigned in this case. This
applicant, Mr. Moore, whom I well know, and
who is a very ingenious man as well as a most
respectable citizen, came here gome three years
ago, at a time when our respected and deceased
colleague from Indiana [Mr. Whitcomb] was
chairman of the Committee on Patents. The sub-
ject was before the committee at that time, and
Mr. Whitcomb agreed to make a report. The
time within which Mr. Moore could get a renewal
