1953
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
208
for seven years was about expiring, and he came
here soon enough to secure that, but his object
was to hare, instead of a renewal for seven yeais,
a Irgis'a i\e provision giving him a renewal Cor
fourteen years. And for a very manifest reason:
This is a large machine—a very expensive ma-
chine. Mr. Moore had been at ejeat expanse in
mnkinit it. He had been at work for sixteen or
seventeen years upon it; and under these circum-
stances, he wanted a patent for a longer time'than
he would want one for an ordinary machine, which
could be put in operation all the time; for, as has
been very correctly stated by the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina, it is only six or seven
weeks 111 the year that this machine can be used
at all.
\lr. BADGER. Either for experiment or any
other purpose.
\tr. CASS. The Senat >r ia correct. It cannot
be used for Tflnser than six or seven weeks in the
year, either for experiment or any other purpose
whatever; and, with respect to experiment, allow
me to say that there is a very oIjmous considera-
tion which appears in such a case as this, and dis-
tinguishes it from any other. Ordinarily,inventors
of any machine whatever can walk into a private
room, keep their machine to themselves, operate
ther*>, and shut out the world from them. But
you cannot operate any such machine as this ex-
cept m the fields. There you must go from day
to tiay,aud every improvement you make must be
tried ihere, with the whole world around you, and
you can keep nothing secret.
The sreat, perhaps the greatest invention for
which Mr. Moore deserves credit, is the sickle: and
I think I am authorized to say that never, until he
had invented the sickle, was u practical harvesting
machine,one that would do the business, devised.
It was the sickle which Mr. Moore invented,
and which practically works, and whieh he- has
used in every machine that does work. I repeat,
that a machine like this can only be tested and im-
proved in the field by an examination of it; and
therefore, it is different from ordinary cases, where
a man can experiment in secret, and keep what he
learns to himself.
But, air, I was going on to state why the delay
took piaee. It may be considered in some part,
as my fault, and not the fault of the applicant.
He did not make application to the Patent Office
within the time required by law under which to
secure a renewal for seven years. It was neglect-
ed by him under the supposition that the Com-
mittee on Patents would report a bill, as he had
every reason to suppose they would do. From
that day to this the applicant has been before the
Senate and the House with his application for the
renewal of the patent. He got this bill through
the House erf Representatives last winter, and we '
have attempted to get it before the Senate repeat-
edly, but could not do it. It has been laid over,
and this is the first time it has come up for consid-
eration. Now what good object can be accom-
plished by delay ? What is the reason given for
delay? The Senate understand the subject just as
well as they would if every member of the Com-
mittee on Patents were present; and if the honor-
able Senator from Georgia* [Mr. Dawson,] who
is a member of that committee, and the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. James,] chair-
man of it—and who, I feel authprized to say, is
perfectly willing that this discussion should go on
in his absence—were h> re, they could not tell the
Senate any more than is contained in the bill itself.
Then why delay it? I trust the Senate will come
to a decision one way or the other, and not pro-
crastinate the matter any longer unjustly to the
applicant, and very uselessly, in my opinion, to
the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill was reported to
the House and passed that body at its last session,
and I think it should now be acted on by the Sen-
ate. I know the" petitioner intimately and well;
I became acquainted with him at the house where
I boarded in this city. He has been here for two
or three years oressing the matter. This bill has
been passed by the House; it has been referred to
the Committee on Patents of the Senate; they
have acted on it and reported it back, and the
proposition now is to postpone it. One third of;
our session has r>H3,-ed by, and we shi!l soon have i
the appropriation bills upon us This is one of the
cases wh re we can act definitively, for if we con- i
cur with the House there is an end of the matter, li
There are different modes of defeating bills
here, as every Senator well knows. The first
effort to defeat this bill is by an amendment, and
the answer to that has been well made by the Sen-
ator from North Carolina. The next method of
defeating this bill, although 1 know such was not
the intention of the Senator who made the mo-
tion, is by postponing it from time to time, and
from day to day; it will thus be defeated as effect-
ually as if we were to send it back to the House.
When some question was up the other day, and
a motion was made to postpone it, I took pre-
cisely the same view of it that I now take of this.
This is one of those cases where if we act, we
can act finally, and, in my judgment, we are
bound in justice to the party to act, whatever
may be our action. Let us settle this question.
While I would go as far as any Senator here to
accommodate the individual Senators who may
feel an interest in this question, I do think we owe
it to the party, to the Senate, and to other persons,
in a greater degree, to act rather than to postpone.
I hope the bill will not be postponed,
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the objection
which I have to this bill in its present form, has
not, I think, been exactly presented. 1 cannot
vote for it as it stands, and 1 will state my reasons
as briefly as possible. The difficulty I have is in
reference to the structure of the bill; and the ques-
tion of the merits of the patent does not enter into
that at all. The invention may be perfectly mer-
itorious, the party may be entitled to an exten-
sion; but the difficulty arises with me out of the
vicious system of special legislation in reference to
patents, instead of having a general law, providing
for all classes of cases, and leaving it, as an ad-
ministrative duty, to the proper officers to deter-
mine the particular cases under that law.
My objection to,this bill, in its present form, is
this: It has a retrospective action. It provides
that from the year 1850, the exclusive right of
making and vending a certain machine, which had
been previously patented, with its improvements,
shall be extended for fourteen years. If a patent
be issued under this bill, beyond all question those
persons who have made machines of the same
character since 1850, and previous to its passage,
will be liable to an action at the suit of the patentee,
to recover damagtb for an act which, at the time
of doing it, was perfectly legal in itself. The right
of the patentee expired in 1850. After that time
the right to make these machines was common to
every citizen of the United States, until you should j
have passed a law extending the patent. If you
I make your law retrospective, the effect of it is, |
I that you enable the patentee—you have no provis-
ion guarding against that, and there is none in
this bill—when he obtains his patent, to bring an
action to recover damages against those who have
made such machines as this, between 1850 and
1853, when it was perfectly legal for them so to
do. I cannot sanction such a principle of legisla-
tion, and must therefore vote against the bill,
unless it be amended in that respect.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I had my
attention directed |p the subject of the renewal
of this patent a year or two ago; and shortly af-
terwards, I looked into the matter with some de- ,
gree of care. When this bill was reported, I also
examined it, and entered upon the investigation ;
of the subject with a feeling in favor of the renewal
of the patent. My feelings have undergone no
change since; but when I come to look at what it
is now proposed to do by this legislation, I must *
say that I am irreconcilably opposed to it. Why,
sir, I believe it may be safely said, that there never
has been such a proposition before the American
Congress, if thtfre ever was such a proposition be- :
fore any other legislative body in the world. 1s
this a bill simply extending benefits to Moore &
Hascall? Not at all; but the effect of it, in my >
opinion, will be—and I have come to the conclu-
sion, after an examination of it in connection with
the patent laws—to give Moore & Hascall a mo-
nopoly of everything that has been discovered, in- j
vented, or constructed in the way of improvement ;
since the date of their original patent. What is I
the language of the bill ? After providing for the {
renewal of their patent, it goes on to say that they 1
are given " the full and exclusive right and liberty j
• of making, constructing, using, and vending to
' others to be made or used, the improvements for
• cutting, threshing, or cleaning grain which were
' invented by said Moore & Hascall, or either of,
' them, and embraced in the model, drawings, or
'specifications." 1 wish this phraseology to be
borne in mind—" connected with letters patent
' granted to them on the 28th day of June, 1836,
* for a machine commonly known as * Moore &
* Hascall'a Harvesting Machine.'" -Now, let us
see what follows this language—what else is
granted to them? " Together with the improve
' ments invented by them, or either of them, in
' perfecting said machine, or any part thereof, from
' the date of their original patent, to the day f om
' which the same is hereby renewed and extend-
ed." There are, in this phraseology, several things
that will strike one witn astonishment in looking
at this matter. There have been at least fourteen
years within which these gentlemen could experi-
ment upon their machine, at such times as the
harvesting season gave them an opportunity to
experiment. Before their fourteen years expired,
the patent laws gave them all the right that they
ought to be permitted to exercise, and in what
way?- It gave them the right to surrender their
patent, file new specifications, embracing claims to
their improvements up to the time of the surrender,
and take out a patent for the improved machine.
We all know that that is the practice under the
patent laws; but do we see anything in this case
indicating that these parties ever proposed to the
Patent Office to get a renewal or extension of their
patent? Do we find that they ever proposed to
surrender their old patent, and take out a new
patent for their improvements ? Not at all. They
did nothing of the kind; nor did they apply for an
extension of the patent originally granted to them.
As I understand, they never applied to the Patent
Office at all.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to explain the matter. Mr. Moore came on
i here, as I stated, previous to the time of the ex-
piration of the patent; and had he not been under
; the decided impression that, beyond all doubt, the
bill about to be reported would pass, he would
have brought the subject before the Patent Office.
He came here in ample time to get his patent re-
newed at the Patent Office; but acting under the
impression that the bill which Mr. Whitcomb was
about to report would be passed immediately, he
did not make the application.
Mr. WALKER. The fact is, then, that he did
not make an application for an extension of his
patent; but the observations which I am making
apply more to improvements upon the machine,
than to the mere extension. Why did not these
parties avail themselves of the law of surrender in
patent cases, and obtain a new patent for the im-
proved machine, as they could have done under
the law ?
Mr. CASS. Shall I answer the gentleman?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. As I before stated, they consid-
ered seven years entirely too short a time for a
patent for such an invention, and therefore they
came to Congress to ask an extension for fourteen
years.
Mr. WALKER. That may be a reason why
they wanted fourteen years, but it does not an-
swer the objection which I have made, that they
did not avail themselves of the law of surrender;,
for if they had surrendered their patent, and taken
out a new patent for the improved machine, when
that expired they could have got a renewal under
the law; and if they could not have got it at the
Patent Office, they could have come here, and, as
numerous others have done, asked Congress to
extend the patent. But they did not propose to
the Patent Office that they should look into these
improvements. They did not propose to submit
them to the ordeal of an investigation by the ex-
aminers of the Patent Office. They never attempted
to submit these alleged improvements there, that
they might be investigated.
I am a little surprised to hear the Senator from
Michigan making the broad statement that he has
made, that the great merit of this machine is the
" sickle," and that that was clearly invented by
Moore & Hascall. Is not that Senator awtare
that there has been a legal investigation upon that
very point in the State of New York, and that,
too, when Moore & Hascall were witnesses, and
the decision u-as against them ? If he is not aware
of it, it certainly is so. But I repeat that these
alleged improvements have never been submitted
to the ordeal of examination of the Patent Office,
but they are brought here now for tha first time,
