'204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
and in genera! terms 1! is proposed not only to re-
npw the patent of Moore & Hascall, but to give
them the exclusive privilege of using, making, and
vemliti? for others to use, not only the machine
orisinallv patented, butall the improvements which
ihev, or either of them, may have made upon it,
from the date of the original patent to the time
from whi<"h the extension takes place. It seems
to me that this is a most extraordinary course.
Let Moore & Hascall come forward as others who
rb.i n that they have invented harvesting midlines,
■uni ask for an extension of the patent, and for one
I am for granting it.
Let us look further at the phraseology to which I
railed the attention of the Senate a while ago. It is
that they shall have this extension for everything
" invented by the said Moore & Hascall, or either
of them, or embraced in the models, drawings, or
specifications." Is there any reason why this
little word " or " is used there; Why does it not
say ''in the model,drawings, and specifications:"
I must let it out to the Senate why it is so. The
reason is this: in the drawings and specifications
there is nothing contained which now amounts to
the merit of a real harvesting machine. The
model has been burnt. The legal investigations
that have heretofore taken place, have developed
this strange state of things, that there was a great
amount of proof brought forward to show that in
the burnt model, certain things were contained
which were not in the drawings and specifications,
.md it is now proposed to go into the wide field of
oral tes'imony—to go out against other parties
contending for the merit of the discovery of the
machine, and by oral testimony in relation to a
model which has long since been burnt, endeavor
to prove that in it were contained what would
make this harvesting machine worth something,
and without which, it is worth nothing, as is al-
leged.
I.i this fair: In everything that is patented at
the Patent Office, they require that which they
deem to be patentable matter to be not only in the
model, but in the drawings and specifications. But
we find in this case, that neither in the drawings
ii"r specifications, are certain important items con-
rained ; but in the dead model, in the burnt model,
it is claimed that there was something, and hence
the necessity of the phraseology, " in the model,
drawings, or specifications." If that word "or"
were changed to "and," the bill would be consist-
ent; it would make the case as presented, consist-
ent with itself, for it would be inferred from the
drawings and specifications containing certain
tliin^?, the model also contained them; but as they
do not contain what really constitutes the merit
of the machine, resort must now be had to the
burnt model, and therefore, if it cannot be found
in either, they are to have the exclusive right and
benefit of it, as being supposed to be found in the
model.
Sir, I do not charge upon the Committee 011
Patents any design in this matter. I have no idea
that they had any wrong design. They wanted
to extend to Moore & Hascall all the possible
benefit which could be extended; but did they re-
flect for a moment on what injustice they were
' doing to others: It seems to me that they could
never have reflected upon it. I think this is one
uf the most dangerous bills in reference to this
subject which could well have been framed, and
that we should be very careful before undertaking
to pass it. We should be careful lest we do in-
justice to others; lest we do injustice to the com-
munity at large; and lest v/e ao injustice to our-
selves, as we should do by sending, by means of
our legislation, such a bone of contention through
the land. It is my sincere belief that the bill
ought either to be defeated or amended, so as to
make it a simple extension of the patent, and I
would not care then anything about it. I would
not care if the extension were for fourteen years
instead of seven, the usual time, because I know
the difficulties under which inventors of harvest-
ing machines labor. I know that the whole course
of fourteen years originally granted hardly amounts
to one year of actual time of experiment. I know
there are great difficulties to be encountered by
those inventing and using these machines; but that
is no excuse why we should extend, in this case,
rights, and give guarantees by legislation, which
we have never given in any other case, I pro-
pose, then, Mr. President, after the amendment
which is pending shall have been disposed of, to
move to strike out so much of the phraseology of
this bill as gives the benefit of the extension to
those improvements which they may have made.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I do not at all see
the force of the difficulty stated by the honorable
member from Wisconsin. I understand the mat-
ter precisely as has been stated by the Senator
from North Carolina, that the fact of the granting
of a patent amounts to nothing, unless the person
proves that he is the inventor. The patent gives
him nothing except his actual invention, which he
must show. What i« the provision of this bill
upon which the honorable Senator has commented
with so much earnestness; It is that there is
granted to Moore & Hascall " the full and ex-
clusive right and liberty of making, constructing,
using, anil vending to others to be made or used,
the improvements for cutting, threshing, or clean- i
ing grain, which were invented by the said Moore '
& Hascall." The fact of a particular thing
bfeing found in specifications amounts to nothing
at all, it concludes nothing; but if the patent be
contested, the parties must show that it is their
invention. I take it that is the whole foundation
of the patent system; the patent itself concludes
nothing, but leaves the parties to prove the inven-
tion, as in any other case.
Mr. WALKER. It is clear to my mind that
the Senator's attention was drawn away while I
was remarking upon what I regarded as the most
important feature of the bill. If the Senator had
turned to the second page of the bill he would have
found that it renewed the patent, " together with
' the improvements invented by them, or either of
' them, in perfecting said machine, or any part |
' thereof, from the date of their original patent to
' the day from which the same is hereby renewed
' and extended." Why do the laws require that
there shall be something enduring placed in the
Patent Office as evidence of what men have in-
vented? Why is it required that there shall not
only be a model, but a correct drawing, and that
also an inventor shall specify in writing under
oath what he claims: It is for this simple reason,
that we may not be thrown loose upon the world
in our litigation in regard to them, to prove orally
anything that may be trumped up or suggested
by those who may come fonaard as witnesses.
There is never a patent case contested in which
all the rest of the infringers are not interested.
Whenever a patent is infringed, and a man has to
bring a suit to protect his patent rights, every one
else infringing those rights is interested in coming
forward and swearing against the originality of the
invention. In point of fact they come forward
and throw the weight of their influence and testi-
mony, as far as they can, against his suit, and
very frequently the inventor goes down under this
testimony. To guard against the laxity of such
testimony as might be called from the community
generally, by word of mouth, the patent laws have
always required something specific, something en-
during, something that can be referred to, which
can be placed on record, and deposited in the
Patent Office.
Here it is proposed to dispense with everything
of the kind—to throw loose the whole matter, and
to declare that Moore & Hascall shall have not
only an exclusive right to what they invented in
that time, but shall have it " together v/ith the im-
' provements invented by them, or either of them,
'in perfecting said machine, or any part thereof,
' from the data of their original patent, to the day
' from which the same is hereby renewed and ex-
' tended." Pray let me ask, where is the guide
in this bill to a court, or jury, or to the Senate,
that they have invented anything? You do not
propose to specify what you renew, but to legis-
late generally on the subject, and say, Now, what-
ever you can prove on the broad face of God Al-
mighty's earth that you have invented from that
time to the present, you shall have an exclusive
right to use. Sir, it is asking too much. Every-
body must see that it is. There is 110 testimony—
nothing reliable, to which v/e can resort, to know
what they do claim; and there is not a man in the
country who claims to have invented such a ma-
chine as this, who will not be thrown completely
in the shade by this provision; for when he comes
forward for his patent, he is asked wheie are his
specifications? "Here." Where is his model?
Here. Whereare his drawings? Here. There
they are; and he is tied down tp them. Now,
Moore & Hascall come forward. We ask them
what is their case; and, according to this bill, it is
just what they can prove by any vast multitude
they may bring. Tney bring up a person, who
says that on a particular occasion, m a certain
field, he saw them cut one particular notch. An-
other knows that a certain piece was put in—that
this cork, or that pin—this or that grip to the teeth
in the sickle, was put in by Moore & Hascall; and
thus a vast number in this way can prove any-
thing, and whatever they prove, Moore & Hascall
will, by this bill, have an exclusive right to make,
use, and vend. Every one else would be tied down
to the model, specifications, and drawings; but
they are not to be restricted in any such way.
This is what is asked. I hope and trust the Sen-
ate will not grant it.
Mr. HALE. The subject seems to be an agi-
tating one; and as a motion has been made to post-
pone it, on account of the absence of several gen-
tlemen who want to take part in it; and as it is
evidently producing an unhealthy state of feeling,
I move that it be laid on the table for the present,
and then it can be taken up again at any time.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 17.
BRITISH COLONY IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 30th ultimo, a report from
the Secretary of State in reference to the estab-
lishment ofa new British Colony in Central Amer-
ica; which, on motion by Mr. Cass, was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and or-
dered to be printed.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United Statu* be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether the boundary line be-
tween the United States and Mexico has been fully run out
and established, and if not, why he has suffered the Com-
mission to disband for the want of a Commissioner and
Surveyor on the part of this Government.
I ask for the consideration of that resolution
now, as I deem it a matter of very great import-
ance. The law of 1850 expressly limited the term
of service of the Commissioner and Surveyor to
three years from the 1st of January, 1850. That
time has expired, and the President of the United
States has taken no steps either to reappoint the
Commissioner and Surveyor then in the field, or
to appoiht any other persons. As a necessary
consequence, the Commission has been disbanded,
and whether it is now in the field or not, I do not
know. It is certain that if it be now in the field,
it is there without authority of law. My object,
therefore, in presenting this resolution, is to call
the attention of the President to the necessity of
preventing that Commission from being broken up,
and thus lead to complaint on the part of the Mex-
ican Government against good faith on our part.
Mr. CLARKE. I would suggest to my friend
that it would be better to let the resolution lie over
! till to-morrow. I should like to look into it.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator from Rhode
Island objects to the consideration of the resolu-
tion at this time, of course it must go over till to-
1 morrow. But I shall certainly call it up to-morrow,
for I think it a matter of great importance to this
Government that that Commission should not be
disbanded because of the neglect of the President
of the United States to discharge his duty.
Mr. CLARKE. Let the resolution lie over.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
resolution must go over until to-morrow.
EXTENSION OF PENSION LAWS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill " to revive a portion of the act for the relief of
vvidows of deceased soldiers," the pending ques-
tion being on concurring in the following amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole:
" Wkc. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the widows of
ail officers, non-commissioned officers, musiciaiiH, and pri-
vates ot the revolutionary Army who were married subse-
quently to January, Anno Domini 1800, shall be entitled to a
pension in the same manner as those who were married
priorto that date."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BORLAND. During the discussion yes-
terday, some objection was made to this bill upon
the ground that its phraseology was not sufficient-
ly precise to define at what time the pensions pro-
