206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
here, I am afraid to trust my heart. I am willing I
to trust the suggestions of history, and my judg- i
mem, so far as I can make this bill safe, and 1 am
not willing to go farther. I shall, however, make
no strenuous opposition to it, because my friend
very nearly convinced me. His remarks were
appropriate, and well addressed, and I have no
doubt will have an influence upon the public mind, ;
as well as upon this body.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not intend, Mr. Presi-
dent, to engage in the gallantry or poetry of this
discussion. 1 leave that to the young gentlemen
on my right and left, who have so well treated
those branches of the subject. 1 shall confine my-
self to the bill itself, as I reported it from the com-
mittee, and as it is now proposed to amend it.
I desire to repeat to my honorable friend from
Georgia, that he misunderstands the character of
the portion of the bill that I now propose to
amend. He seems to suppose, and he insists
upon the idea, that it refers to the widows of revo-
lutionary soldiers. In that he is altogether mis-
taken. If he will look at the third section, which
I now propose to amend, Ue will see that it refers
to the fifteenth section of an act passed on the 16th
of March, 1802, which was not to provide for the
widows of revolutionary soldiers. That act was
in reference to the peace establishment of the
Army, and it was prospective in its operation. It
provided that the widows of those then enlisted in
the service who should die, or become disabled by
wounds, or disease, which should occasion their
death, should receive pensions for five years. It
did not relate to revolutionary officers and soldiers;
and the only thing in the bill relating to revolu-
tionary cases, is that embraced in the amendment
of the Senator from Maine, which was adopted
yesterday.
Mr. CHARLTON. How long is it proposed
that the pensions to the widows of soldiers of the
war of 1812 shall last ?
Mr. BORLAND. From and after the passage
of this act, during their natural life.
Mr. CHARLTON. There is where I differ
with the genileman. The amendment I propose ;
is to continue the pensions during natural life or
during widowhood.
Mr. BORLAND. That was not the point to
which I was speaking. The Senator from Georgia
bases his remarks on the ground that this agiend-
ment relates to revolutionary cases. My object
in referring to the act of 1802, was to show him
that it did not relate to those cases. There is only
one section of the bill which refers to them. The
third section refers to the widows of officers and
soldiers in the army under the act of 1802, in ref-
erence to the peace establishment, and the first
section provides for the widows of the officers and
soldief8 of the war of 1812, each class of widows ,
having received, under former laws, pensions for 1
five years, and no longer. The object of the bill
is to revive those laws, so far as they apply to
widows, and to give them the pensions provided i
for in the laws of 1802 and 1816, for the remain-
der of their lives, from and after the passage of this
act. The first section gives the pensions for their
natural lives to the widows of the war of 1812. I
propose to amend the third section, in reference
to pensions under the act of 1802, so as to strike
out the words "during widowhood," and thus
to put both upon the same footing.
Now, as to the objection which the Senator
raises as to these widows. What must be their
ages? Those provided for under the act of 1802,
1 presume must be somewhere in the neighbor-
hood of seventy years oldj if any of them be liv-
ing at all; and those provided for under the act of
1816 must be from fifty to sixty years of age. It
may be possible—for such things do sometimes
happen—that widows between the ages of sixty
and seventy years marry. I have known such 1
cases, but they are very rare; and if a case of
that sort should occur, I am perfectly willing that
the widow should have a pension, notwithstanding j
her marriage; for certainly she must be a woman
of extraordinary merit to get a chance to marry I
between the ages of sixty and seventy, and she is
a soldier in her very nature if she undertakes it. j
I think, then, that upon the two points of ob- I
jection raised by the Senator from Georgia, the
explanation I have given ought to be satisfactory !
to him; and instead of attempting to incumber the
first section of the bill by restricting the pensions i
to the widowhood of the widows of the war of
| 1812, he should join with me in striking out the
I restriction of the third section, and place the poor
j old widows of 1802 upon the same footing as
those of 1812.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I am satisfied
| that the honorable Senator from Georgia will have
to withdraw one of two things—either his speech
or his amendment, because they are mutual felanes
i <Ie sese. The speech will carry through the Senate
the proposition for the relief of the widows, wheth-
er they marry or not; and if the speech is left to
stand, I am sure the amendment cannot prevail.
The honorable Senator, if I recollect aright, has
been a judge, and a good one. He must, there-
fore, have been acquainted with the decision which
has been made in a highly respectable court, which
was, that in the case of limitations of devises to
widows for the terms of their widowhood, the
devises were valid, independent of the condition,
and that the condition of revocation upon subse-
quent marriage was void. I will not say that that
decision was good law, but I will say that it was
sound sense and good morality. Either the
widow of a soldier in the army of the United
States has no claim at all for a pension, or she has
a claim which is in no way defeated by the cir-
cumstance that she judges it best, according to her
condition in life, that she should marry again, to
improve that condition. I would reject altogether
the amendment of the honorable, Senator from
Georgia, and let his speech stand on our records.
I hope he will consent to adopt that course.
Mr. CHARLTON. Mr. President, the Sena-
tors from Arkansas and New York have both so
, much more learning upon the subject of widows
than I can pretend to have, that I yield to their
suggestions, and withdraw my amendment, for it
is a subject upon which I am not profoundly
learned.
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the amendment df the Senator from Arkansas,
to strike out the words " or during widowhood,"
in the third section.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
a third time, and passed.
SALARY OF JUDGE.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 hope the Senate will allow
me to call up for consideration the bill " to make
' the salary of the judge of the criminal court of
1 the District of Columbia equal to that of the as-
' sistant* judge of the circuit court of said Dis-
1 tnct." Judge Crawford has no representative
upon this floor, and I am informed that the $2,000
per annum which he now receives, is nothing like
a sufficient sum to pay his expenses. He is nearly
two thirds of the time in court, engaged in trying
a class of cases which, of all others, impose the
most painful duties. This bill only increases his
salary $500.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was ac-
cordingly read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to make
the salary of the judge of the criminal court of
the District of Columbia equal to that of the as-
sistant judge of the circuit court of that District,
as now or hereafter to be established by law.
Mr. BADGER. I am very desirous, indeed,
that the bill should pass, ao as to make the salary
the same as that of the assistant judge of the
circuit court, as now established, but I would
move an amendment—to strikeout after the word
" now," the words " or hereafter to be."
Mr. BUTLER. I think that is very proper.
I did not draw the bill myself, or I would not have
inserted those words.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill jvas ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
CONDUCT OF COMMODORE MORGAN.
Mr. HALE. I introduced a resolution of in-
quiry yesterday, which I ask may now be taken
up and considered. I think there will be no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that resolution will not be
taken up, for it will evidently draw after it debate. [
It is a long resolution, inquiring into the whole
history of a ship, and into the conduct of every i
officer and man on board. I said yesterday, that
some members of the Naval Committee, whom I
do not now see in their seats, would oppose its
adoption. I hope, therefore, that it will not be
taken up.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Texas is mis-
taken about the resolution, and I think he is also
mistaken in supposing that any member of the
Naval Committee desires to oppose it. The chair-
man of that committee had another measure which
he wished to have taken up yesterday, nnd there-
fore he objected to the consideration of the resolu-
tion at that time. The resolution inquires into
the conduct of but a single officer. The charges
upon which it is based, were made upon the floor
of the House of Representatives; and my object
is to know whether they are true or not. I have
nothing to say upon them now; but at some time
or other, I shall wish to be heard upon the sub-
ject. I hope the Senate will let us have the facts.
Mr. RUSK. I remember that calls of this de-
scription have been made two or three times, on ex
parte statements; and we have got ourselves into
difficulty by them. Information was called for, in
relation to one of the officers of the Navy some
time ago, and we received a whole parcel of cor-
respondence which involved a considerable quar-
rel. Soon after, another call was made, and
another batch of correspondence was brought in,
and ordered to be printed. Unless there is some-
thing to be accomplished by these calls, 1 think
they are entirely useless. They impose trouble
upon the Departments. If the honorable Sena-
tor has some further proceeding in view, which he
intends to base upon this information, I have no
sort of objection. But unless he has some object
to accomplish, I think we had better not pass the
resolution.
Mr. HALE. I would inform the honorable
Senator that he is mistaken in another fact, and
that is, that nothing further will be moved in rela-
tion to the information "called for in the case of
Latimer, to which I suppose he referred.
Mr. RUSK. I referred to the case of Commo-
dore Jones.
Mr. HALE. I had nothing to do with that. 1
did not call for that information, hut I did call for
information in the case of Latimer, and if the
Senator supposes that no action is to be moved in
regard to that, he is very much mistaken.
I think, and I must say it, that the Navy Depart-
ment of the United States, is the worst adminis-
tered department of any Government on the face of
the earth, and .I think the facts in Latimer's case
and this case show it. All the charges alluded to in
this resolution, have been made by a member of the
House of Representatives in his place, and upon
, his responsibility as true; and if they be true,
I they show a total disregard to the law, and of the
requirements of the Department. They show that
the commander of a ship may take his vessel and
go out and make of it a mere pleasure tour on
the Mediterranean, and while in service charter a
merchant ship to bring his provisions up to him,
, and a great many things of that sort. That has
been charged by a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives as having been done. I do not want
to take these rumors and charges thus made,
when authentic information can be so easily had
from the Secretary of the Navy, and that is the
object of these inquiries.
While I am up 1 will say that I am exceedingly
glad to see the Senator from Florida [Mr. Mal-
lory] in his place. I wish to say to him—and I
say it publicly, because he gave an assurance to
the Senate, at the last session, that he was prepar-
| ing and would submit at this session, a bill for
the reorganization and better government of the
I American Navy—that if he perseveres in that in-
tention, as I hope he does, this information will
be of vast use to him and to the Senate. I can
assure the Senate, that in no wanton spirit do I
make these inquiries. It would be the last thing
; on earth that I would think of doing, to find fault
with anybody. I would twenty times rather be
pleased than be angry. I would rather, at any
time, laugh than cry; but .1 call for this informa-
| tion from a sense of duty as a Senator. I think
the laws have been trampled upon, and I think the
j dignity of the country has not been sustained by
I the officers who ought to have done it; and that
j the dignity of the laws has not been sustained. I
I want the facts.
1 Mr. SHIELDS. I believe the resolution which
it is proposed to take up, is the one which was
offered yesterday by the Senator from New Hamp-
i shire. When I heard itread then, I wa  ofopin-
