1853
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
ion that it was constituting the Senate a kind of
court-martial. I thought it was going too far. My
impression is that it would be unworthy the Sen-
ate to enter into anything of this kind. 1 would
like to hear it read again, in order that I may say
whether my impression is correct or not.
The resolution was read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed
to inform the Senate the number of days the United States
razee Independence, the flag ship of the Mediterranean
squadron, commanded by Charles W. Morgan, was at sea
alter her arrival at Naples, on the 14th of September, 1849,
until she sailed thence tor the United States, on the 29th
March, 1852; how many days said ship was at anchor in
the bay or harbor of Naples, and how long at Spezzia, or
other ports during that period; what portion of the afore-
said two and a half years was passed on shore, and how
much of it on board ship by said Morgan ; what is the esti-
mated expense of a ship of the class of the Independence,
properly officered ami manned, per day or per year; whether
said Morgan, without authority from the Department,
while his ship was lying at anchor in the bay of Naples,
chartered or employed a merchant vessel to transport sup-
plies for his squadron from Spezzia to Naples, and whether
the cost of such transportation has been charged to the
Government by the order or approval of said Morgan;
whether instructions were given to said Morgan by the De-
partment, or by any bureau thereof, to practice his sq'iadron
in naval evolutions or fleet-sailing, and if so, whether said
instructions were obeyed; whether he was directed to ex-
ercise his men in target-firing, and if so, whether he com-
plied with such directions, aad to what extent; whether
there is any rule or regulation of the'Department against
naval officers transporting females, members of their fami-
lies, or others, on board ships-of-war of the United States,
and if so, whether Commodore Vforgan, orany officer under
his command, was guilty of a violation of such regulation;
whether the broad pennant of Commodore Morgan was
kept flying during the period of his command in the Medi-
terranean, or was at any time taken down, and if so, for
what length of time; whether Commodore Morgan has been
held to answer for disobedience of orders, or violations of
regulations, or neglect of duty while in command of the
naval forces of the United States in the Mediterranean du-
ring the past three ^ars."
Mr. SHIELDS. That resolution ought to go
further1. It ought to ask what kind of powder
they fired; what kind of guns they used; what
kind of cigars they smoked; what quality of wine
they drank, &c. I look upon this, sir, as a dis-
graceful resolution; and it will be disgraceful to
the Senate to adopt it.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire of the Senator
from Illinois what he means by saying the reso-
lution is disgraceful? I do not understand such
language. I do not understand it as being within
the courtesy of the Senate.
The PRESl DENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that such language is out of order.
Mr. CASS. I merely want to say a word, and
it is this. It is certainly right for this body, and
for the other House of Congress, to exercise a gen-
eral supervision over the Executive Departments of
the Government, and over the Army and the Navy.
I agree that there are matters of inquiry suggested
in this resolution which might be properly sub-
jects of investigation. For instance; whether the
flag ship, or any other ship of the Mediterranean
squadron, was kept in port longer than it should
be, might be a very proper subject of inquiry.
And if we find that vessels are in the habit of re-
maining too long a time in port, measures ought
to be taken, either legislative or otherwise, to pre-
vent it. I know nothing about it, but I think the
resolution goes further into detail than comports
with the dignity of this body, and I would, there-
fore, suggest to the Senator from New Hampshire
to let it lie over till to-morrow, to give us an op-
portunity to see if there are not portions of it with
which we can agree, and portions of it which
ought to be stricken out.
Mr. SHIELDS. If we had the information
before us now, 1 wish to know what use we could
make of it; what action could the Senate take in
reference to it? Is it not disreputable to go into
these little, petty, pitiful details in a resolution of
this kind ? Upon what authority is it assumed by
the gentleman who offered* this resolution, that
everything which is couched in it has occurred ?
I have said that it is a disgraceful resolution. I
did not mean to say that the gentleman had acted
disgracefully, but I do say that the resolution
itself, in the language in which it is couched, pre-
suming arid implying that this officer has been
guilty of the most outrageous and disgraceful con-
duct, without any information, withoutany proof,
so ftir as the Senate are concerned, is one which
every man ought at once, for the honor of the
officer, for the honor of the flag, to arrest. If the
officer has done wrong, let him be tried. There
is a mode provided for trying an officer. We are
not the tribunal to try him, and if he were before
a court-martial to-morrQW, they would never pre-
sent charges in the language in which these charges
are couched, in the resolution under consideration.
No honorable officer would ever do such a thing.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the very gallant
and distinguished officer to whom that resolution
refers, I have known for more than thirty years.
Although I heard the resolution read yesterday, I
would not descend to notice it by appearing even
to vindicate him. Sir, I can tell the Senator who
introduced it that Commodore Morgan will not
shrink from any investigation; he will court it. 1
But I tell the Senator at the same time that that
officer is a gentleman and a man of honor, and he
has a right to demand of the Senate, although I
apprehend he would not demand it of him, that he i
should be treated as a gentleman and a man of
honor. Let the Senator put his resolution in the
proper form of a resolution of inquiry, and I will
vote for it cheerfully, for I should be doing very
great injustice to Commodore Morgan not to do
so. But as the honorable Senator from Illinois
has said, it is intended for some ulterior purpose.
It is intended to do its work incidentally and col-
laterally. It is not intended, I apprehend, to sub-
ject him to the proper inquiry of bis peers in the
Navy of the United States. Let the Senator put
the resolution in the ordinary form, take nothing
for granted, and I will assure the country, though
1 would not undertake to assure that Senator, that
Charles W. Morgan, whenever an inquiry is made
into his character, will prove that be is worthy of
the commission that he bears. I do not mean to
object to the inquiry in a proper form. The reso-
lution is of so multifarious and detailed a character
that it is impossible to comprehend anything more
than its complexion, and in its complexion it is
one of censure—censure in advance. Let the Sen-
ator put the resolution in the proper form of
inquiry, and I will promote it and vote for it
cheerfully.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, there is some-
thing conveyed by words and something endeav-
ored to be conveyed by manner; but I want to
tell the Senator from Virginia, that he ip not old
enough, and he cannot put on dignity enough
either in his tone, or his voice, or his manner to
' make me stir a thousandth part of a hair out of
my track. Sir, I have heard enough of this talk
about a Senator's descending to meet absolution
that I offer. I am willing to have our places com-
pared before the country, before any tribunal
where an honest and a fearless and an honorable
discharge of the duties which have been devolved
upon me shall be weighed and considered. I tell
the Senator, sir, that it does not become a man,
though he may come from Virginia, "the Old
Dominion," to undertake to talk about "descend-
ing"to consideraresolution that I have introduced, j
I stand here a Senator, with the obligations of the
oath of Ged binding upon my conscience; and I 1
have, I think, full as keen a perception of what
belongs to the deportment of a gentleman or the
dignity of debate, as that honorable Senator.
It is not the first time, sir, that the mode and
manner of that gentleman has been to let me
know that he was a Senator from Virginia, and I
was but a poot* proscribed fanatic from New
Hampshire. He may take all he can make by
any such taunts. He may place himself on as
high a position as he thinks he stands before the
country, and see how far his missiles will have to
descend before they reach me. It may not be
quite so far as he thinks; and it may be possible
that he would not be quite so assuming when he
should undertake to talk to me,
" If that some power the gift would give him,
To see himself as others see him."
I have but a little while to stay here; but while
I am here I shall be a man; I shall act to the last
minute in which responsibility is imposed upon
me, under a sense of my duty as I understand it;
and I shall not go to Virginia to learn either patri- ;
otism or manners. I
As it regards the resolution, I stated at the out-
set that every part and particle, everv word of it,
was based upon charges made on his responsi-
bility by an honorable member of the Hnus^of
Representatives, in his place on the floor of that
House. It was none of mine, and I so stated it.
I had no ulterior motives. Why, what does the ;
Senator mean? What! does he suppose that I
have any ulterior motives in attacking Commodore i.
Morgan? Sir, it must have been the reflections
of his^pwn heart that taught him to look for ulte-
rior motives influencing a member in the discharge
of his duties upon this floor. It must have been
something that came fro i the inside, and not
from the outside. That is all I have to say about
that part of the- matter. I am willing that he or
anybody else shall take all they can make by
charging ulterior motives upon me; but the idea
that I have any ulterior motives to gratify by this
inquiry is too ridiculous to merit a moment's con-
sideration; and if it were not that I might be
thought to be following a bad example in bad
taste, I would say that I would not descend to an-
swer it; but I will not say such a thing, because I
think it is in bad taste and bad manners.
Having said thus much, I do not care one cent
about the resolution, whether it passes or not,
whether the inquiry is instituted or not. But, sir,
the thing will go to the country, and that is all
I want; and if they find out that we are employ-
ing a navy at an immense expense, if we are
sending out our ships of war to lie idle in port,
year after year, and when there is anything to be
done by way of transporting supplies, merchant-
men are to be hired at the public expense, and the
Senate is satisfied, I am; I have nothing to say.
I have simply submitted the resolution. I have
informed the Senate of the sources from which I
got the information, and upon which I based the
inquiry; and having said that, 1 care as little
about it as any member of the Senate. If the
Senate and the country are satisfied I am. I have
no personal objects to attain, no resentments to
gratify. I scarcely know Commodore Morgan.
I believe I met him several yearn since, and I think
that however elevated the gentleman may be, and
I do not choose to detract a word from that, Com-
modore Morgan will tell him if he sees fit to in-
quire, that in the very little intercouse he had with
me, he had no occasion to find fault either on the
score of gentlemanly deportment or liberality.
Having said thus much I leave the subject.
Mr. MASON. If the SenatorlVom New Hamp-
shire entertains the opinion that I meant to have a
personal allusion to him in my remarks, he did
me injustice. If he entertains the opinion that I
have ever heretofore courted any discussion of a
personal character with him, he does me injustice
again. Sir, I spoke of his resolution, of the paper
he presented here in the form of a resolution of
inquiry. I said that it was of a character that I
would not descend to notice in any other terms
than it deserved, because the Senator avails him-
self of his position to offer a resolution, the effect
of which, whatever may be his intention—and I
will not inquire into his motives—I have no doubt
is to take for granted the very charges which are
alluded to in the inquiry. Sir, if there was any-
thing in tone or manner which he deems worthy
of his rebuke, I regret it. I could never learn
from him, and I should despair that he would ever
learn anything from me. I mean to have none
other, on this floor, than official intercourse with
that Senator, and I shall always treat him with
the respect ^hich is due from one Senator to
another here. Personally we are as far severed
as the poles, and must so remain.
Sir, I said before that this gallant and distin-
guished officer, Commodore Morgan, never will
shun an investigation in anything. Let the Sena-
tor put his resolution in the ordinary form. As
for the ship lying in port, let him put in that in-
quiry in the ordinary form. Let him make the
resolution one merely of inquiry, and I will sus-
tain and vote for it.
Mr. RUSK. The very result which I expected
when I heard the resolution read, and which I
was anxious to avoid, has fallen upon us. An
hour or two has been consumed here in speeches
which amount to nothing, and the ordinary busi-
ness of the Senate has been delayed. I was very
desirous, and I was watching for an opportunity
to get up a very just bill, the parties interested in
which, are actually suffering for want of the relief
which this Government ought to extend to them.
In rny conception, we are passing resolutions of
this description with altogether too much facility.
We are accumulating upon our desks matters for
which there is no use, and going to the expense of
printing and swelling up otir documents to an enor-
mous and unmanageable size, for no purpose upon
the face of the earth. I shall vote against the whole
of this resolution, and all resolutions of like char-
