210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
like to place my foot upon its neck, and • in the
hoar of Democratic triumph singhosannas of vic-
tory. It is not my purpose to do so. But I think
the world should know in some distinct form that
the American people, in their power and sover-
eignty, condemn and censure the action of the
President who compromises theircharacteras Mr.
Fillmore has done. Personally, I have no objec-
tion to Mr. Fillmore. Up to that hour, 1 had no
objection to his Administration. It is as good as a
Whi°; Administration can be. But I charge him
with having broken down the dignity of our Gov-
ernment abroad for the sake of accomplishing par-
ty purposes, and preventing the annexation of an
island which is the key to the Gulf of Mexico,
and is essential to the South.
I turn now to a question introduced on yester-
day by my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Wil-
cox]—the resolution whicll came from the Senate
conferring the lieutenant generalship upon Gen-
eral Scott. I do trust that I shall be properly
understood upon this question. I do not oppose
the resolution from any personal considerations.
I oppose it upon principle. I oppose it because
the records do not show that General Scott is en-
tirely worthy of the honor. I know that the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,J who intro-
duced the resolution into this House, is prompted
by the most patriotic and magnanimous motives.
I know that the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clemens,] who introduced it into the other wing
of the Capitol, was prompted by motives of
magnanimity, such as belong to his soldier heart
ana his innate Democratic generosity. I oppose
it upon that point of magnanimity, and I assume
that General Scott has never been magnanimous
to friend or foe; and it is a draft upon the Democ-
racy that I am not willing, at this hour or any
other, to accept. His whole life is conclusive upon
the point that he never was magnanimous to friend
or to foe. I will take his controversy with Trist,
if it is necessary to fish up such a question; but
he is dead, and charity suggests to say amen ! I
will go to others. I will take his controversy with
Wilkinson; I will take his controversy with Jack-
son; I will take his controversy with De Witt
Clinton; I will take his controversy with Worth;
I will take his controversy with Pillow; I will take
his controversy with Duncan; and if I chose to
go on, 1 might enumerate nearly every officer that
ever was under his command.
And more than these, I have read, with high re-
gard for the chivalry of the young officers of our
Navy, their sullen service on the coast of Mexico
before the capture of Vera Cruz. Hungered for
bread, famished for water, burning for battle—no
foe to fight but a deadly climate—these gallant
sailors stood amid storm and disease, awaiting an
opportunity to signalize themselves in a battle that '
might not be bloodless. At the siege of Vera
Cruz the young officers of the Navy landed an
army, upon an open sea-coast, in a manner such
as never an army was landed before. Hundreds
were drowned at Algiers by the navy of France,
when that country was invaded by their army,
but not a man was hurt in that most masterly
movement of the American Navy. When this
gallant army was landed on the shore of Mexico,
the young officers of the Navy asked to partici- !
pate in the fight on shore—did General Scott evince ,
magnanimity in giving those who had so success-
fully landed his army an opportunity to partici-
pate in the glory of the battle? No, no! But
they performed what he had assumed to be an
utter impracticability. They established their
celebrated naval battery,and thebreachin the walla
of Vera Cruz, by which the capitulation was more
easily consummated, was the result of the gal-
lantry of our naval officers. What mention, I
pray, did General Scott ever make of these gallant
sailors?
. Sir, in granting this honor to General Scott,
does this House understand that the historian will
regard it as an indorsement of his conduct in all
these controversies ? By passing this resolution, 1
you would place him upon the page of the history ]
of his country, indorsed by conferring upon him
an honor which the Father of his Country only
possesses in memory. Are you willing to place ■
htm upon an equality with Washington ? Are you
willing that fifty or a hundred years hence, when |
the American people come to read the events j
which mark the progress of the Republic, that the '
glory which adorns the page that contains the his- I
tory of Washington, shall be dimmed by a fly-
leaf containing on equal reputation for Winfield
Scott ?
This resolution, it seems to me, has been sug-
gested rather as an apology for the Democrats—as
saying, " We Democrats have given you Whigs
such a whipping that we are sorry for it." Sir,
I am not sorry for it. I am not penitent. I glory
in it, and I have no apolflgy to make, sir, upon
this matter of generosity. History furnishes proof
of how much generosity General Scott deserves.
1 do not present them as an argument on my part;
but allow me to present three witnesses. I will
not seek them from any obscure position, but I
will take witnesses who have filled the highest
stations in office in the State, nation, and Army,
and ask if you will believe them.
Wilkinson, in his history, charges General Scott
with duplicity—with having presented one sentiment
to his face and adoptiug a different tone of senti-
ment behind his back. But there is a coincidence
marking itself, viz: that Wilkinson, Jackson, and
De Witt Clinton, all at different times and under
different circumstances, without the possibility of
any concert of action, charge him with duplicity,
false acknowledgments of friendship, and absence
of corresponding responsibility. But, sir, I will
read the testimony itself, with some comments,
made by a gentleman who has carefully collated
the facts here set forth, and is well qualified to
speak concerning them:
" Wilkinson and Scott.—General Wilk'nson was the
first to suffer from Scott's unhappy propensity to decry su-
periors. In 1814, a memoir of General Scott, (gotten up
by himself, as Gen. Wilkinsop alleges,) abuses the latter as
the author ofthe charges on which lie, Scott, was convicted
and suspended in 1809. Wilkinson shows that this was
false by record evidence;—gives an account of his relations
with Scott from the day when, as a young captain, the lat-
ter joined his army on the Mississippi. Scott had written
an abusive letter against him on the way to New Orleans,
in consequence of Captain Bankliead being placed over
him in command, on the transports which conveyed their
companies. On his arrival at New Orleans, Scott thus in-
troduced himself, says Wilkinson: 'It it probable, Gen-
ues Wilkinson, 'no such letter, and interrupted him by
' observing that my ears were not open to informers, and
' that the acknowledgment of an error was all that a liberal
• mind could desire.' Scott had suppressed tile abusive let-
ter, and after having read itto others, took this mode of
preventing its injurious effects to himself through ruiftors
reaching the general. He taOk the occasion whicb the
kind feeling produced by his frank apology, to solicit a fur-
lough from the general to return to Virginia, telling him,
says Wilkinson, that Ihere was an ' obligation which impe-
riously required his presence in Virginia, and that I might
readily conceive what delicacy forbid his Mentioning.' Wil-
kinson indulged liim. After Scott bad left the army,stating
that he would resign and not return, Lieut. J. H. T. Estes,
of Virginia, addressed the following note to General Wil-
kinson, to be forwarded to the War Department:
" Camp Terre Baser, Jaly 9,1810.
"' Sir : Captain Winfield Scott having left the service
' of the United States, and I being the oldest officer in his
' absence, have had frequent applications from the greater
' part of the men now under my command for two months'
'pay due them, to wit: September and October, 1808,
'which money I know that Captain Scott received at
'Richmond, and has not accounted to the men for, and
' herein inclose a pay roll, made out by Captain W. Safltt,
'for September and October, with the affidavit of the men
'present, that they have not received their money from
'him for the above-mentioned time; and I do certify that
' the remarks made by me on the pay-roll opposite their
'names are accurate and just to the best of my knowledge.
"'Iam respectfully, your obedient servant,
"' JOHN H. T. ESTES.
' '"General Wiikinson.'
" Dr. Upshaw, of Virginia, had been involved in a nuar-
i rel by Scott before he left New Orleans. A challenge
j passed, but the illness of Upshajv up to the time when Scott
j left, prevented a meeting. When upshaw heard of Estes's
statement, he pronounced Scott's retaining of the men's
, pay a robbery. He presented charges against Scott before
I a court-martial, after Wilkinson was superseded in the
I command ofthe army by Hampton. The charges were:
"1. 'For drawing two months of his company's pay, and
' withholding it from his men.'
"9. 'Forseditiousand insubordinate language respecting
' the Commanding General, declaring that if ne should go
' into the field with him, he would carry one pistol for the
' enemy and one for the General.'
" Upshaw prosecuted the charges against the earnest so-
licitations of Wilkinson to desist, the latter desiring to
suppress a feud which at last ended in a duel in which Up-
shaw wounded Scott. The judgment of the court was as
follows:
"'After due deliberation, 8cc., the court find the prisoner
'guilty of the first charge, but aequit him of fraudulent in-
' tentions; and of the second charge of speaking disrespect-
' fully of the Commanding General, but not of the words
'charged; and sentence him to one year's suspension from
' rank, pay, and emoluments.'
" Wilkinson, in his further detail of his relations with
Scott, shows that Scott never forgave him, although the
injured party, and one who still strove to save him from
the difficulties in which he involved himself. When Wil-
kinson was put in command over bun in 1813, in the north
Scott (then Colonel) again approached the General in the
same way as at New Orleans, and the latter again waived
all explanations ; told him he ' was ready to comitrx all to
ollirion;' and afterwards gave him opportunities which he
says' excited the jealousy and discontent of senior colonels
in Ike camp,' and was finally repaid for all his forbearance
and kindness, when he was broken down by ill health and
misfortune, by ingratitude and treachery. After Wilkin-
son's unlucky campaign, Scott came to his sick room, and
there, says Wilkinson, ' He pressed my feeble, hel/iless
'hand, and when I complained of my hard fortune, he
1 affected to pour balm into my afflicted bosom Ity assuring
' wc that, although his relations with General Hampton
' would prevent his saying anything againU that officer, my
( ' conduct should be placed on its proper ground, and that he
' would vindicate it against censtire.1
With these professions on his lips, which the Father
I 'of mercies can witness, were made to me by Colonel
| ' Scott, he arrives at Albany, and there discovering that the
j 'Secretary of War had determined to make me the scape-
I ' goat for the failure of the campaign, he yields to his secret
' hatred of ajnan whom he had too deeply i njured to forgive,
' and forgetting my treatment of him, and his own voluntary
1 'promises, he outstrips the perfidy on the Mississippi, and
' as I have been informed, and do verily believe, attempted
' in whispers to blast my character by imputing to me the
' beastly crime of drunkenness at a time I labored under a
' disease that menaced my life.' This charge was brought
against Wilkinson, on which (aa well as all the other
charges for which he was tried) he was acquitted; and he
dismisses his account of Scott's various attacks on him by
. summing up his character in these words: ' Jl noisy Dem-
ocrat—asilent Federalist—asubtle tyrant, viho would sooner
, reign in hell than serve in heaven.' This was in 1817.
Whether there is any truth in this severe opinion, pro-
nounced by an exasperated mnn, the public will decide,
from the history of Scott's conduct towards all others asso-
ciated with him in public life, a history gleaned from pub-
lic documents."
That is the testimony of Wilkinson as to the
purity of the motive3 of General Scott; but
Wilkinson may be assailed; his character may be
lost sight of. Let us see if we have another wit-
ness. Clear the track for Old Hffckory. Let the
Sage of the Hermitage speak? Who, during his
life, or at any other subsequent period, dare im-
peach his veracity? He was a man of sterling
honesty. His bitterest enemy acknowledged that.
| Let Old Hickory speak as to the worthiness of
General Scott for the position in which it is sought-
, to place him.
General Jackson, in 1817, was in the western
country. General Scott was in New York, as a
' military man, in military circles and in fashionable
society, denouncing General Jackson for some
commands he had given in Florida. An anony-
mous letter was addressed to General Jackson
upon the subject. He immediately, as a gener-
ous heart prompted, inclosed it to General Scott,
to know whether the statement was true. Scott
then comes out in a long pamphlet, in which he
admits that it was true.
What does General Jacksoti say in answer?
Time will not permit detail. I will read the-tes-
timony, accompanied by the comments of the
I same gentleman to whom I have before referred:
"General Jackson aKd General "Scott.—General
Jackson, another superior officer, became obnoxious to
General Scott's envy and hostility. His exploits in the war
of 1613, and his chastisement of the Spanish Florida author-
ity, and the British brigands operating through the Semi-
notes, who spread havoc along our helpless southern fron-
tier in 1817, had excited against General Jackson the
jealousy of all the aspirants for the Presidency, civil and
militwy. The civiliansassailedJacksonin Congress. Gen-
eral Scott charged him in his conversations in city circles
| and military coteries with mutiny, for issuing a general or-
der declaring that commands to his inferior officers must ba
J made through him. General Jackson was informed, by
; an anonymous letter from New York, of these attacks. He
J did not credit the letter, but wrote Scott a frank note, in-
closing a copy of it to him, and concluded by saying:
"' I have not permitted myself for a moment to believ*
' that the conduct ascribed to you is correct. Candor, how-
' ever, induces me to lay them before you, that you may
' have it in your power to say how far they be correctly
' stated.* J *
" General 9cott replied in an elaborate argument to sup*
port his charge before the public, (for his letter was after,
wards circulated in pamphlet.) He could not deny butthat
if a commanding General had his officers, and portions of
his army on special service under him, ordered elsewhere
without his knowledge, that it might be alike fatal to him
and to the public interest committed to his charge. Neverthe-
less, by way of bearding General Jackson,and impressing
i the charge against him of being a mutineer, Scott adds
| (while admitting the sound reason of Jackson's orders)
that $ a private and respectful remonstrance, therefore, ap-
I ' pears to have been the only mode of redress which circuab-
' stances admitted of. Jin appeal to the army or the pub'
' lie, before or after such remonstrance, seems to have been a
' greater irregularity than the measure complained of-—to
' reprobate that measure publicly as the division order does,
' was to mount still higher in the scale of indecorum; but when
'the order goes as far as to prohibit to all officers in the di-
' vision, an obedience to the commands of the President of
'the-United States, units? received through -division head-
' quarters,it appears to me that nothing but mutiny an 
' defiance can be understood or intended.'
