1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
4 and of course General Scott has never seen the original
'anonymous letter. His suspicions and the whole eorie-
k spondonee were tully communicated in January, IHI8, to a
4 particular friend or Governor Ch-iton, who was perfectly at
-liberty to give notice thereof'to that personage.' The
pamphlet containing this passage, as soon as it reached
Governor CltiiUnu, called torth tins notice :
'•To the Pt'Bur.—General Scott, ofthe Army of the Uni-
ted Stales, having in a letter to General Jackson, ol the :M
January, ui^ntu ued that I had written, dictated or uiMiga-
ted, an aiionjuious letter to the latter gentleman tor un-
worthy niouves, or lor improper purposes ; and having ulso
concealed this imputation trom me until the publication of
a pamphlet, which reached me on the 4th instant, 1 have
considered it prop-r to declare that I had no agency in
writing, dictating, or instigating any anonymous letter what-
soever to General J-ick^on; that] am enure!) ignorant of
the author, and that the intimation ot Gem ral Scott is en-
tirely and unqualifiedly false, to the intents and in all re-
spects. This declai.ttion is made from niouves ol respect
to public opinion and not from any regard toGeneral Scott,
whose eoiiuUot on this occasion is such a total departure
irom honor and propriety as to render him unworthy ofthe
e&leeui ol a man who has any respect lor himself.
It is not probable that I can at this time have any recol-
lection ot having had the honor of seeing General Scott on
the 9th June, 1m7, at a dinner in New York,or ot the topics
ot conversation, as he suggests; circumstances so unim-
portant are not apt to be impressed on the memory. Hut I
leel a confident persuasion that I did not make u e of any
expressions incompatible with the high respect which I en-
tertain tor General Jackson.
" DE WITT CLINTON.
" Albany*, 6th •April, 1619."
i
Mr. Chairman, the charge made by Mr. Wil-
kinson may be attributed to jealousy or envy, but
Jackson was a man who never indulged in any-
thing but honor and honesty in his intercourse
with his fellow-men; De Witt Clinton was unim-
peached and unimpeachable; yet these men say,
and it is upon the records of the country, that Gen-
eral Scott was guilty of all these offenses against '
honor, against his Government, and against pri-
vate character. Will an American Congress then
confer upon him an honor as high as was confer-
red upon the Father of his Country? I will not.
Sir, his Whig friends ask us for magnanimity.
Gentlemen Democrats, will you not be magnan-
imous? Gentlemen Whigs, who now ask the
House to be magnanimous, when did you practice
magnanimity? When did this new light break
in upon you ? When the Hero of the Hermitage,
standing with one footia the grave, and the other
upon its crumbling brink, asked you to remove the
only constructive stain upon his character, the
Whig party, presented a united front in oppost-
j tion to granting his request, and he would have
(I gone down to the grave with the stain still upon
I his character, if they could have kept it there. I
| They not only opposed this application, but they j
j have preferred to one of the highest places in the
i Government, the man who took the initiatire in
1 endeavoring to retain that stain upon his charac- j
ter—Secretary Conrad, ofthe War Department.
Mr. Chairman, General Scott has been the usual
rounds. You say he should be rewarded. Has
he not taken the usual chances? Has not he
taken the chances for preferment which Washing-
ton took, and which Jackson took? Th*4 result
was different, I admit. I will admit that the peo-
ple rewarded Washington for his services in the
field. I admit that the people rewarded General
Jackson for his services in the field. But because
they did not reward General Scott, he comes here
in the purlieus of the Capitol to ask that a sword of
unusual brightness—that an honor which has never
been done to any but Washington—should be his.
No, sir; this is asking too much. If you make
him equal to Washington, how do you but belie
history ? I, sir, so long as twenty-seven men will
stand with me upon this floor, and give us the
yeas and nays, will battle it. I do not intend to
connect myself with such a fraud upon the pat-
riotism of the country.
There is another consideration which I have '
passed over; and that is General Scott's contro- ,
versy with Generals Worth and Pillow. But upon
that subject I will not now dwell. j
The grave of Washington is the Mecca of the \
American patriot. Let not this Congress, I pray
you, do anything to check the patriotic ardor of
the pilgrims to that hallowed tomb. Let it not be
said a century hence, that Congress made another
rt..rrv mu , , ,. as great—constituted by resolution an equal to
our political sphere. The letter shall ir-ii i • * r-< i i -j .l
as the hand i« compared with that of a the Father of his Country. God forbid the perpe-
nomci.Hcrf. ? tration of such patriotic sacrilege! God forbid that
the fame of Washington should be clouded, even
in the most remote manner, by suggesting an equal.
Scott's life has been one of turmoil, quarrel, wrang-
ling, and enmity, with officers and soldiers and
"In thus throwing down the gauntlet to General Jackson,
the champion toruot that he \\a* not dealing with General
Wilkinson. Jackson took it up, reached to bring it to a
decisive .irhitraim nt, or. at least, to give :i new sclioohngto
Scott in his iivhtarv deportment and moral principles.
♦* He asks Scott, m replv—
u • Pra>. sir, does your recollection serve? fn what school
•of plvMsoph) were vci taught that to a letter inquiring
4 irt • the nature of a suppo-^d injury. clothed in language
* decorous and unexceptionable, an answer should he gi\ en,
4 eouchrd in pompous insolence and bullwng expression:
* I h id hoped that w h.it charged upon \ou by an anony-
4 moii- correspondent was unfounded : I hoped no, from the
* bi hef that General Scott a soldier and a gentleman ;
* but when 1 -ee these statements direct!) confirmed :>v his
* own words, it become* a matter ot inquiry how far a man
* o; honorable 'Ve7iug> can reconcile them to himself longer
* to <et up a claim to that character. Are you ignorant, sir,
•that had m\ order, at which jour refined judgment is so
* extremely touched, been made the subject of inquiry, you
* might, t^om > our standing, not your t haracter, have been
* eot - itur* d one of mv judges? How very pioper then
4 wa< it. thus situated, and w ithout any knowledge of any
i ot the attendant circumstances, for you to have prejudged
* thj whole matter: This at different tunes, and in the eir-
c cle ot* j our fnends, >ou could do ; and yet, had I been ar-
raigned, and you detailed'as one of my judges, with the
i design- ot an a^a^sm lurking under a t'air exterior, you
1 would have approached the holy sanctuary of justice. " Is
4conduct like this congenial with that high sense of dig-
* nuy that should be seated in a soldier's bosom ? Is it due
'from a brother officer, to assail in the dark,-the reputation
* of another, and stab him at a moment when he cannotex-
*pectit> I might insult an honorable man by questions
' such as these, but snail not expect that they will harrow
* up one, \\ ho must be dead to all those feelings that are the
' characteristic* of a gentleman.'
And after presenting in still sironger light* * the abomi-
* na'le crime ot Jetrat tion—of slwuiering behind hts back a
4 brother orKcer'—the letter concludes thus:
\f\ notions, sir, are not those now taught in modern
<schor->(i and in fashionable hish life; they were imbibed
Mn ancient days, and hitherto have, and yet hearnie to the
4conclusion, that he that can wantonly outrage the feelings
< of another—can intend injury where none is due—isca-
* pable of any crime however detestable in its nature, and
* will not fad to commit it, whenever it may be imposed by
«nece**iry.
<•41 shall not stoop, sir, to a justification of my order be-
' fore jou. or to notice the weakness and absurdity of your
'tinsel rhetoric; it may be quite conclusive with yourself,
'and I have no disposition to attempt convincing you that
'your ingenuity is not as profound as you have imagined it
'to be. To uiy Government, whenever it may please, I
'hold myself liable to answer, and to prove the reasons
' which prompted mp to the course I took ; and to the iu-
<termeddling pimps and spies ofthe War Department, who
'are in the garb of gentlemen, I hold myself responsible for
' any grievance they may labor under on my account, with
' whom you have my permission to number yourself. For
'what ( have said F offer no apology ; you have deserved it
'all andmore, were it necessary to say more. I will bareiv
'remark, in conclusion, that if you tee! yourself aggrieved
'at what is here said, any communication from you will
'reach me safely at tins place. ;
" ' I have the h©nor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
'servant, AYDREVV JACKSON.'" ij
Sir, as an American, jealous of the fame and
•landingof Washington, I oppose this resolution.
As a Tennessean, living on the soil that contains
the remains of Jackson, I will not, by my vote,
declare that that man was guilty of falsehood, and
that General Scott is a purer patriot, and a gentle-
man and soldier worthy of this distinction. But
is that all? Why did General Jackson complain
of General Scott? It was for the same cause which
made Wilkinson complain of him—for talking of
him behind his back, and making assertions that,
if true, would destroy his character, and then when
called up for them, refusing to acknowledge his
responsibility—a man who would smile in your
presence, and then stab you in the dark.
If the testimony of Wilkinson and Jackson is
not enough to establish the baseness of General
Scott's character, what is sufficient? Is there no
other distinguished witness who can be brought
tip to bear testimony in this case? General Scott
attributed, in a letter which he wrote to General
Jackson, the authorship of the anonymous letter
to De Witt Clinton, or his clerk.
I ask the attention of the committee to the re-
marks upon this transaction, by the gentleman to
whom I have before referred:
"Db Witt Cuvrov.—'The attack on General Jackson
having rather an unpromising look, Scott hi his last letter,
evinced a dejnreto turn his hattery on one who, he felt, was
not  o difficult to deal with an Jackson. He says to General
J.vfc-o:t :
" ' Permit me to request—I think I have aright tode-
' mand—n sight of the original anonymous letter, which
* has given rne to tlu> dibCusMon. If I mistake not, vour
'correspondent i- perhap* a greater personage than you ima-
<g;nf—nay, *a high that he ha* once e«*a>cd to set himself
* above thf  highe-t in our political sphere.  
' be relumed as won as the hand is compa
'certain agent of the personage alluded to.
General Jackson did not lend luin-elf to this scheme of
hun'Mig up a rtf w quarrel. 1 f del not accord wi?h hi*- old-
srhofil notion?, to bf-trav a correspondent who had written
him the truth. Scott in his pamphlet (republished hi Niles's
Register) fays : { N'o reply was ever made to the foregoing,
h country. Washington was first in the hearts of
his officers, his soldiers, and his country. How
striking the contrast. Will thecouutry ratify the
act? I will not.
iVIr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, on yesterday I
had the pleasure of hearing my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. \ enable] upon the Cubaquestion,
as also my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
to whom I listened with much interest, upon the
same question; and my friend, Mr. Wilcox, from
Mississippi, upon the subject of lieutenant gener-
alship.
1 intend to say but a very few words about Cuba,
for I think that is a foregone question, that the
fate of Cuba is sealed; that 110 power under heaven
can change it; and that it is not necessary for
this House, at this time, to say anything about
that question. Cuba is destined to be ours, and
no power on earth can prevent it. Let her alone,
and she will come in of herself. Towards her, I
am sure, this Government will never do wrong;
will never violate any of her treaty stipulations,
or trespass upon the right of other nations. She
will maintain and uphold an honorable and up-
right course towards all the nations of the earth,
j, But, sir, while we do that, we should require
1 the rights of our citizens to be respected abroad,
and the very name of an American citizen should
ever insure protection and respect. 1 know the
incoming Administration, true to the patriotic feel-
ing which brings it into power, in our relations
with all foreign Powers will demand what is right,
and submit to nothing wrong. Will it be averred
here or elsewhere, that the massacre of American
citizens upon the Island of Cuba, was right and
proper; that it was just and in accordance with
treaty stipulations; that it was humane and Chris-
tian-like ? I hold that the authorities of Cuba have
a heavy sin to answer for, and which will never
be wiped out until Cuba is made free, and relieved
from the tyrannous Government which now op-
presses her thousands of hearts beating with a
iove of liberty. They deserve to be free, and I
have no doubt they will be, and become a portion
of this country. 1 have no fears, Mr. Chairman,
that sectional questions will ever interfere with the
peace and harmony of this country. I hold that
there is no danger in adding more territory to this
Union. We have not enough, and the area of
freedom has not spread wide enough. Cuba will
come in; and she will come in legally, lawfully,
i and properly, and enjoy the blessings we enjoy.
But we shall not stop there. The day is not far
distant when all the Mexican States will come in,
and the sooner the better for them, and for the rest
of mankind.
I know that there is patriotism enough among
the northern and among the southern people of
this country to allow the people of the Territories,
who ask to come into the Union, to form just
such State governments, not conflicting with our
Constitution, as may suit them, and admit them
without reference to their domestic institutions.
If 1 believed that the acquisition of territory would
deprive the people of that Territory, so acquired,
from forming such a government as they choose,
with just such institutions as they choose, pro-
vided it does not conflict with the Constitution
of the United States, I would reprobate its acqui-
sition; I would be opposed to the acquisition of
territory if 1 believed any such thing.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have said enough about
Cuba; I hold that it will be ours indue time. No
mistake about it; and that it will be done honor-
ably, correctly,justly, and properly, I amsure,*for
this Government will not do otherwise. Nor will
our Government submit to wrongs perpetrated
upon her people.
1 wish now to say a word or two upon the
lieutenant generalship. I am, Mr. Chairman, a
personal admirer of General Scott; I respect the
man, I served under him, and know him well.
I know him to be a soldier and a great general.,
But, sir, 1 am opposed to the creation of this
office with the title, rank, or grade of lieuten-
ant general; a rank which will not, I am sure, be
conferred by this House upon anybody. What
do gentlemen propose to do? What does the
joint resolution propose to do? It proposes to
confer the title and rank of lieutenant general, an
office, Mr. Chairman, not known to the organiza-
tion of our Army. Is it a mere empty title; does
it confer only an empty name upon General
Scott? If it is nothing more than that, I am
