212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4.
opposed to it, for it is ami-democratic to do any
such thing. It belongs not, in my judgment, to
the institutions and spirit ot" our country, and
ought not to be conferred. It has never been con-
ferred npon any other officerof the Army. It was
conferred upon "Washington—but why : It was
for the purpose of creating an office to be filled
bv that distinguished man, the father of his coun-
try, and the geatest general that ever com-
manded an Army. He was not in the Army,
but it was desired to place him at the head of
the Army, and therefore it was necessary to
create the office, and to fill it by giving to Gen-
eral Washington the commission of lieutenant
general. Afterwards, it ia true, they changed
that, and abolished the office, and since that time
it has not been known to the organization of our
Army.
If you create the office and rank of lieutenant
general in our Army, a grade and rank not known
to it now, and if it is anything more than an empty
title, it will require a reorganization of the whole
Army. You must then, in addition, make an-
other major general, and to make his command
complete, and give him the staff he is entitled to,
you must give him two major generals and four
brigadier generals. But suppose you give him
but one—and that will be absolutely necessary to
his position—one major general and two briga-
dier generals in addition to the present number.
Now, do gentlemen of this House, for the pur-
pose of conferring upon General Scott that which
has never been conferred upon any other officer
of the American Army, desire to reorganize the
Army of the country ?
General Scott, Mr. Chairman, occupies the
highest position that a man can occupy in the
Army. He occupies a high place in the hearts of
his countrymen. He is known to be a distin-
guished general and a good soldier. He is at the
head of the American Army. He is major general
commanding, and is not that enough: Who
would ask more ?
If General Scott desires this thing, or if his
friends desire it, for the purpose of conferring tipon
him a title, then I will say that Genera! Scott
wou/d e/evate himself more in my estimation, by
saying to Congress that he would accept no such
empty title, than he has done by all his achieve-
ments.
If it is more than an empty title, then, as I said
before, it reorganizes and changes the whole sys-
tem of our Army, and no gentleman knows it bet-
ter than yourself, Mr. Chairman. Everybody
Jinows it, who has given any attention to the or-
ganization of the Army.
Let the present organization of the Army re-
main undisturlffed; for it is perfect and will answer
all the purposes of the nation. I think I have not
been mistaken with regard to the reorganization of
the Army and the staff of the Army that will be
consequent upon the establishment of the proposed
rank of lieutenant general; and if I have not, I
would ask gentlemen whether they are willing to
vote this new rank to General Scott with such
consequences before their eyes ? There is no more
admiring- personal friend of Genera! Scott than
your humble servant, and I say in all sincerity
that he is entitled to the great reputation that he
enjoys. Congress has not been forgetful of his
services. They have passed him a vote of thanks
and ordered that he should be presented with a
sword a  evidences of their appreciation of them.
Let this Congress pass him another vote of thanks
ana order that another sword shall be presented to
him, but let it not reorganize the Army.
Allow me to say that, in my judgment, Congress
has not done justice to all those who have distin-
guished themselves in the service of the country.
\ ou recollect Mr Chairman, [Mr. Richardson-,]
the perils and trials passed through by the Amer-
A™y°1 the 21st, 22d, and 23d of February,
1847. You know that then none distinguished
them-selves more in everything that goe.<! to make
a consummate general than General Wool, and
you felt then, as did every one in our Army, that
the responsibility of the battle of Buena Vista de-
volved upon him. He planned the battle. He
posted the command of your humble servant gave
him his orders, and directed him when to bring on :
the battle. He was active throughout the day I
and he was exposed to every danger that the sol-
dier was. By his gallant bearing and example, he i
encouraged the troops wherever he went. The :l
services he rendered the country have never been
surjwssed by any officer of the American Army.
The Commander-in-Chief of that Army, at that
battle, was as gallant a spirit as ever lived, and
because he was not on the field of battle at its
commencement, the command devolved on Gen-
eral Wool. Has Congress ever given General
Wool a vote of thanks, or have they ever ordered
a sword to be presented to him? I am under the
impression that they have not. If they have not,
they ought to hasten to do it, for he fully deserves
it at their hands—none have deserved it more.
I venture to say further, that Congress has de-
layed justice to another gallant man, who is now
not in the Army. 1 allude to Captain Ben Mc-
Cullovigh. 1 recollect that on the 21st of Pebru-
ry, whilst I was sitting on my horse in front of
the Commander's marquee, Captain Ben McCuI-
lough returned from his reconnoissatice at Encar-
nacion, and communicated toGeneral Taylorthat
the enemy in vast numbers were approaching, and
would be upon him in a few hours. " Captain Mc-
Cullough," said the Commander-in-Chief, "how
strong an army has Santa Anna with him?" Cap-
tain McCullough replied, that " he had eighteen
or twenty pieces of artillery, and more than twen-
ty thousand men with him." He had, as you
know, Mr. Chairman, passed on the night of the
20:h, the line of sentries of the Mexican Army,
' and made a complete reconnoissance of their en-
campment, and their strength. He reported to
the Commanderat precisely twelve o'clock on Sun-
day, the 21st. The line of march was then taken
up for Buena Vista, and before our rear had left
the encampment—before our depots had been re-
moved—the enemy were upon our forces. We
had been encamped upon a great plain, affording
us no earthly advantage. Our position would not
have enabled us to defend ourselves twenty min-
utes, and what would have been our fate had it
not been for the gallant and faithful conduct of Cap-
tain Ben McCullough ' If we had lain there in se-
curity six hours longer, with no defense more than
four or five thousand troops could afford us against
twenty thousand, we would have been crushed.
Congress has never given him a vote of thanks,
nor ordered that a sword should be presented to
him. Nothing has been said of him who saved the
little army which two days afterwards were victo-
rrous, after one of the most glorious battles ever j
1 fought. Great credit is due him, and very great i
credit is due General Wool, for it was he who se-
lected the field of battle. Commence doing justice
to these gentlemen, and leave General Scott'where
he is, and where he deserves to be, and where he
ought to be satisfied with being, at the head of the
American Army, with a reputation unsurpassed by
any military man since the days of Washington.
I have already shown the committee that the
lieutenant generalship was first created to procure
the service of General Washington, who did not
belong to the Army. Had he been at that time
at the head of the Army, the office would not
have been created.
I have also demonstrated, I think, that if there
is anything more than empty title intended, the
reorganization of the Army will be the conse-
quence of the passage of the proposition from the
Senate. The present organization of the Army is
as democratic as the organization of an army can
be.
Others besides those to whom I have alluded
distinguished themselves in the. battle of Buena ,
Vista. The colonel of your regiment fell there,
Mr. Chairman, as brave as the bravest. The gal- ,
lant Davis, with his Mississippi rifles, was there;
the volunteers from Illinois, led, after the fall of
your colonel, by yourself and the gallant Bissell,
were there; and the brave Kentucky volunteers.
Yet their claims to their country's gratitude are
passed by in silence. Nor have the troops of In-
diana, who so gallantly served in that battle, been
permitted to receive that justice to which truth en-
titled them. And yet the result of this great bat-
tle, this victory, was the opening of the gates to
the hulls of the Montezumas.
You propose, now, to forget and neglect every- 1
body else, and bestow laurels on General Scott, ,
for the reason ascribed by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Polk], that he was badly beaten
in the late presidential contest. Now, with all
my respect forGeneral Scott, I rejoicethat he was .
not elected to the Presidency, t think that the j
whole country has occasion to rejoice he was not I!
elected. Though I believe he is qualified for the
high position he now occupies, I do not now, nor
ever have believed that he was qualified for thai
high office. Thank God ! the majority of the peo-
ple were opposed to his advancement to it!
Mr. Chairman, this is the first time during my
term in this House that 1 have said a word on any
other subject than that relating to the interests of
Oregon. To the advancement of its interest I have
exclusively confined myself. 1 do most earnestly
hope that this House will consider well before they
pass the joint resolution conferring the title of the
lieutenant generalship on General Scott. If Gen-
eral Scott is allowed time to reflect upon this mat-
ter, I think that he will appreciate the anti-demo-
cratic bearing of this title, and give notice that he
will not accept it if proffered to him, but content
himself with the high position he now enjoys,
and that immortal fame as a brave and gallant
genera], to which the title sought can add nothing,
and from which its refusal by this House can
nothing detract.
Mr. BUOOKS. Nothing, Mr. Chairman, was
further from my intention on entering the House
this morning than to detain it with any remarks;
but a portion of the speech of the gentleman from
Tennessee seems to me to require some reply. I
do not design to enter into a discussion of the pro-
priety of conferring the lieutenant generalship upon
General Scott further than to say, that nothing, in
my opinion, is more unkind, more unjust and un-
patriotic, when a proposition for that purpose has
been introduced by a member from the other side
of the House, than to assail us on this (the Whig
side) for such an introduction. The proposition
has not emanated from us, but it has proceeded
from the friends of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk;] and though we have no doubt that
the honor is deserved, and shall, in all probability,
all vote for conferring it, yet we think the respon-
sibility of its introduction is upon them, and not
in the least degree upon us.
The main purpose, however, of my rising, was
to correct some remarks which fell from the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, with regard to Cuba and
the Cuban prisoners, and to answer the indict-
ment he has framed against the existing Adminis-
tration, which consists, as I understand him, of
three or four counts or charges, urged as facts by
him, to be such as have disgraced that Adminis-
tration and dishonored the country. The charges
| are as follows : First, as to the fifty Lopez pris-
oners put to death by the Spanish authorities in
Cuba. Second, as to the arrest of Mr. Thrasher.
Third, as to the affair of the Crescent City; and
fourth,as to the publication of the correspondence
respecting the purchase of Cuba. Am I right in
the recital of the counts? Thegentleman nodshis
head, and I take it for granted, then, that I cor-
rectly understand him.
I shall now, Mr. Chairman, although T have had
no time to prepare myself, or to collect documents
for reference or authority, reply as briefly as I can
to this indictment, and show the House that the
charges are both unjust and groundless.
First, as to the Lopez prisoners, who sailed from
New Orleans. They started with a bold violation
of the laws of the land, of a most solemn treaty,
and of the law of nations—as armed men invading
a friendly territory. They began with violating the
custom-house laws of their own country, in sailing
from the port of New Orleans without the requisite
clearance demanded of all vessels, on leaving for a
foreign port. In the second place, they violated
the neutrality laws of 1818, which have all along
been the laws of this country, approved of by all
Administrations preceding, and reinforced by all
parties during the administration of Mr. Van Bu-
ren. And in the third place, they violated the most
holy'and respected of the laws of nations, in set-
ting out from these United States in defiance of
treaties, under the protection of no flag, and with-
out a country, for they abandoned their country
and their home, to invade a people with whom we
were in profound peace, and with whom we had
sacred pledges of amity and concord.
Mr. POLK. I acknowledge they violated a
portion of the laws alluded to by the gentleman*,
but I stated that the magnitude of the guilt could
not justify the Government in its refusal to extend
towards them the protection stipulated by treaty
obligations. If we observe the treaty, I require
that Spain also shall observe it. That is my posi-
tion.
