216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
nessee [Mr. Polk] says that such an office is anti-
republican—thai is the course of his argument—
that it ought not to exist. Why should it not
exist? We have 110 Apsley Houses to bestow
upon our successful generals; we have 110 collars
to han? upon their necks; we have no jewels to
lav upon their breasts. The elevation of Ins office
is the distinction for which the soldier fights, after
the love of his country. It is all that we can be-
stow, and certainly General Scott has earned it.
But is it anti-republican? Is it contrary to the
spirit of our institutions' Was it so under a for-
mer Administration ; 1 put the question directly
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.]
Was there not once a proposition introduced, in
the other end of the Capitol, to make a lieutenant
general out of a civilian—
" That never set a squadron in the field.
Nor the division of a battle knew*
More than a spinster
Was it not proposed to make him a lieutenant
general, and place him over a major general, who
was the commander-in-chief of the American
army ? No one, I hope, will impute to me any
disrespect for the distinguished civilian for whom
that honor was intended.
Sir, the whole course of the argument has been
of the ad captandum style, founded upon premises
entirely begged and conducted 111 a manner un-
becoming a school-bov. If gentlemen have a
hereditary dislike for General Scott—or rather, let
me say, if they have a collateral inheritance of such
dislike—let them seek elsewhere, by fair means, to
show it; or let them at least meet him herein a soi-
dier-like manner. Do not let them bring up things
of this kind—samples of the bad temperof thedead,
for whom charity and not hostile arguments should
be reserved. Do not let them fortify themselves
with the dirt on the wrong side of the ditch in this
manner. Do not let them present things of this
kind, so unbecoming to legislators, and in a way,
as I think, unbecoming a soldier.
For my own part, as to whether General Scott
is made a lieutenant general, I am as indifferent
as whether I am made a corporal. I care very
little about it. He will never cease to be less than
a great man. He will never fail to be at the head
of the military men of this age, though we may 1
not confer upon him the title of lieutenant gen-
eral which we owe him, not because he needs it, i
but because we owe to him, to tell him that we j
appreciate the services or talents of the man, who >
could bring the eyes of all the world in admiration
upon our country. It is due from us and to our- 1
selves, whether it is desired by him or not. But
I do not desire to pursue this subject further.
The gentleman upon the other side of the House
[Mr. Polk] presented some points in his speech
which would be very easy to meet, by any one at
all conversant with our foreign affairs. The gen-
tleman inquires, whether our diplomatic agents
abroad occupy a respectable position, or whether
tJiey hate not been placed in a bad light by the
publication of certain correspondence? Why, Mr.
Chairman, nothing can be more evident than that
any man abroad, who represents the United States,
who bears upon him the broad seal of our national
authority, and is free from imputations upon his
character, will find himself respected by the posi-
tion which he holds. To him the publication of
a correspondence can produce nothing evil. Let
him sustain with dignity the position he should
occupy, and the nation that accredits will learn to
respect him. •
mi1" CARTTER obtained the floor.
•Tli? The gentleman will per-
mit the Chair to say, that he was mistaken when
he stated to the gentleman from Indiana, fMr.
Gorman,] that only fifteen minutes remained be-
fore the debate would close. There are still seven- !
teen minutes left.
Mr. CARTTER. That is more time than I
want. 1
1 must be permitted to say
that that kind of mistake does me great injustice.
I obtained the floor, and the Chair announced that
there were only fifteen minutes left, and that not
JaVhiX,* """ " 1 ' ■
The CHAIRMAN. The fault belongs to the '
Chair. He did so state, and was under that im- :
pression at the time.
• not understand pre-
cisely the proposition before the committee, but I :
understand the course of debate. It resolves itself
into two issues. Onerelates to our foreign affairs,
and the other to the matter, as I understand it, of
bestowing compliments upon General Scott. I
propose to address myself to the latter branch of
the debate, for a very few minutes.
The proposition is brought forward, and origin-
ates, in a manner, upon our side of the House,
to add a new title to General Scott; and that under
peculiar circumstances. There is now no \yar
pending, no battles to be fought, and no command
to be offered. The battles have been fought which
originate this title, if it be originated at all. The
army is disbanded, and the country is in a state
of profound peace. But in this condition of things,
a proposition is advocated in this House to load
down one of our generals with another t tle.
Now, I do not like it, and my constituents would
not like it. It is not consistent with their charac- .
ter, congenial to their feelings, nor promotive of |
the interests of the country, as I humbly conceive.
But the worst feature of the whole case is that it
will not do anybody good. Yet it is proposed to
lavish it upon a general who, by common consent,
is held to be the greatest captain of the age. It is
proposed to load down a general who is already
complimented throughout the earth, as the first
military captain.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] speaks ofthistitleas a jewel—a title a jewel!
Why, I always supposed that the jewels of a gen-
eral were to be found in the virtues of his con-
duct. There is where you seek them. The
jewels of a general may be found in the record of
his victories, and not in an empty letter of credit
or recommendation. These letters of recommend-
ation can answer no valuable purpose. But in
what difficulties do we involve ourselves when we
adopt this proposition ? When this Republic was
started, the founders of it made a Constitution;
and our ancestors had'seen so much of the nobil-
' itv, so much of titled greatness, and of the impo-
sitions imposed through them upon the people,
that they determined to stop it. They, therefore,
provided in the Constitution that no orders of
nobility should be granted. That is the way they
settled the matter at that time. Now, if this is
not an order of nobility, if it is not an insignia of
greatness, I do not know what it is, for they do
not propose to give any money with it, as I under-
stand. They propose to violate the spirit of the
Constitution. That is the view I take of the
measure, and if I were going to vote for the reso-
lution at all, I would move to amend it by placing
the word "lord" before that of " lieutenant,"
so as to make it read "lord lieutenant general."
[Laughter.] Let us have harmony in it. Let us
give the poetry that belongs to the old heraldry of
the nobility which our fathers threw off, at the
time they framed this plain drab-colored consti-
tution of ours. [Renewed laughter.] No, sir,
it is wrong. I believe in giving to the soldiers of
the country the gratitude of the country. Why
they have it already, in an eminent degree.
This business of fighting is a poor business at !
best. It belongs really to a semi-savage age.
[Laughter.] Originating in a totally barbarous
age, its highest perfection is classified by the esti-
mation of all civilized classes, as semi-savage.
It is nothing but developing the animal part of man
at best. [Great laughter.] The biggest brute is
the hest fighter, as a general proposition, through-
out the animal kingdom. But the idea of going
back from the nineteenth century, and leaving all
the great and glorious theories of peace, and the
conquests of peace, so elegantly expressed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] a few
minutes ago, and who involved himself in the non
seqviter of voting for a resolution to make General
Scott a lieutenant general,—I say to leave this
period of profound peace, when its arts are tri-
umphing everywhere, and undertake to multiply
the feathers in General Scott's cap, appears to me ;
to be totally void of good taste. I hope, therefore,
that it will not be done. I hope for the sake of '
the precedent that it will not be done; fori will |
agree that if the precedent is justifiable, there is no I
man now living in the United States who would
be so worthy of the title as General Scott. I say
that in the sincerity of my heart. !
But, sir, the great mistake about this fighting
business is, that you are all the time bedaub- ,
ing your officers. You are here now, centering
in this title, in a single man, all the honors won I
by the blood of the boys that bore the bayo-
nets. That is unjust. You obliterate the rank and
file. You obliterate those who make the charge.
You bring their blood and pour it out upon the
altar of a single man, because he happened to be
the commander in-chief, and could diotatethe gen-
eral movements of the army. Now is that right ?
Another amendment ought to be introduced,
and that amendment should be, that all the boys
who fought the battle should be lieutenant gener-
als. I lake up the fancy view of the question—
the jewel view, as poetically expressed by the gen-
tleman from Philadelphia, [Mr. Chandler.]
No, sir; this adoration for military titles or glory
ought to be reversed; and the first man who should
receive the vote of thanks, ought to be the man
who first carried destruction to the adversary upon
the field. It is the fighting that constitutes the
bone of the business. [Laughter.] It is the fight-
ing; and in the name of the soldiers who did it,
and whose glory is proposed to be rendered up
upon the altar of a single man, I protest against
it. Seven dollars a month to do the fighting,
where the battle is thickest, and $,G,OOOa year to
tell them how to do it, [laughter,] with all the
glory after they have done it„ [Laughter.] It is
not Democratic. There is no Democracy in it.
[Laughter.]
I shall propose, at the proper time, to perfect
that resolution, under th'e jewel exposition of it,
[laughter,] by adding lord before lieutenant, so that
it will read lord lieutenant general, that we may
thereby go the whole picture.
But, sir, with this view of this purely burlesque
attempt at legislation about titles, I have said all
that I desire to say.
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed for the
close of debate upon the bill has arrived, and no
further discussion is in order.
Mr. PRESTON. I desire, before this matter
is acted upon, to make some remarks in reply to
what I consider 
The CHAIRMAN. Remarks are not in or-
der.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 will occupy but a few
minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro-
pose an amendment, upon which he will be enti-
tled to five minutes' discussion.
Mr. PRESTON. I was not aware of the con-
dition of business when I arose, and I desire now
simply to make a statement. I will defer the re-
marks 1 intended to make, until some subsequent
bill affords me the opportunity of replying to the
remarks made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] and by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter,] who has taken the burlesque view
of Democracy upon this subject.
The bill having been read by sections, and there
being no proposition to amend, Mr. Houston
moved that it be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
now take up House bill No. 335, to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriation for the services of the
fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1853.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. The subject of conferring upon
some one the brevet rank of lieutenant general has
been taken up in the Senate, and has passed that
body by a vote of thirty-four to twelve. The sim-
ple fact that seventeen Statesofthis Union, through
their Senators, have passed this bill, gives it char-
acter, and entitles it to much consideration in this
body. It comes to this House of Representatives
indorsed by a larger vote than any one bill, re-
ceiving any serious opposition at all, which has
passed that body this session. In terms, it does
not confer this rank on any one by name. The
President will confer it on whom he thinks fit and
meritorious. Heretofore this proposition has been
under consideration. First in 1849. It was in-
troduced by Senator Fitzgerald,and it passed to a
second reading, and was lost for the want of time,
two weeks only remaining of the session. There
was no presidential election then. There were no
heart-burnings then. There were no bitter com-
binations against men who served their country,
among the politicians of the country. He came
