1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
from the fields of Mexico fresh with his honors
and laurels. Whether he lias received the meed
ol" praise of which he is deserving as a military
man, I do not intend to argue before this House.
Wnether he is qualified for the Presidency 1 will
not discuss. 1 shall not pronounce any eulogy
upon his remarkably distinguished qualities as a
general. 1 shall confine inyselt to the simple ques-
tion of justice, according to the precedents and
practice of the Government for many years. Has
Gen. Scott fought the battles of your country and
received your commendations? \ou have passed
resolution after resolution conferring compliments
U|H>n hint. Did you send that recommendation,
that distinguished laurel thus entwined around his
brow, did you send it to the history of the coun-
try as a libel, or did you send it as a truth? Did
you mean what you said when you told your
country, and your country's after history, that he
was entitled to that cliaplet, and entwined it
around his brow, or did you falsify the truth of
history?
Sir, I am perhaps speaking these words with
more feeling than 1 should. 1 am not an admirer
of General Scott's civil qualification for the Presi-
dency. I am not one who can sing pfeans of
praise to his military renown above all others of
that glorious army, i'or I believe that there lives
to-day, two or three men in the American Army
that are his equals in intellect, by nature and
education, and if they had his long experience,
most probably, his equals a? military generals.
I do believe that old Anstides of this House—of
the Army I should say—in military qualities, by
nature, is not only his equal but his superior in •
some respects. I mean the man who earned the
title of the Marion of the Mexican war, Major
General Joseph Lane! 1 can name other men,
and plenty of them, who in my humble judgment
are his equals in intellect, and in natural abilities
as military men, but General Scott's experience is
far in advance of all of them.
After having said thus much, it will not be said
of me that I am for this merely because he is the
superior military man of this age. 1 believe there
are a plenty of young men in this country, of
vigorous intellects, men of this age, men of these
times, that are his equals, and probably his supe-
riors, with his large experience.
What have you done in the way of conferring
the brevet rank on officers of the Army? You
have conferred the rank of major general upon my
distinguished friend from Oregon for services in
that memorable war. None on God's green earth
wear their honors and their laurels with more be-
coming modesty, and none deserved them more.
Who else have you conferred these honors upon ?
You have conferred the rank of major general by
brevet upon that eagle-eyed and lion-hearted war-
rior General Wool, and upon all generals who were
not major generals before. Your captains you
have breveted majors; your majors, lieutenant
colonels, and your colonels you have breveted
brigadier generals. To some of the lieutenants,
captains, and majors of the Army, yau have given
one, two, and three brevets. Now, what is this
thing brevet? It is an acknowledgment of mer-
itorious services to the country—and authorized
by law to be conferred by the President and Sen-
ate of the United States upon officers of the Army.
According to the military laws now in force in
this country, an officer having a brevet merely,
without the command, has no right to any addi-
tional pay. The man who denies this, does not
know the regulations or the law. The officer who
has received the pay whilst having only the brevet
and not the corresponding command, has taken it
out of the Treasury contrary to law. I do not
believe it ever has been done.
Mr. BOCOCK. With the permission of my
friend from Indiana, 1 will propound to him a
single question. I ask him to state to this com-
mittee, when Congress has authorized the rank
by brevet to be conferred, and the President of the
United States has conferred it, whether it is not
within the power of the President of the United
States, without any further action by Congress,
to assign the duties of the brevet rank to the offi-
cer, and whether, having assigned the duties of
the rank by brevet to the officer, it does not also
carry the pay ?
Mr. GORMAN. Thit is precisely what I was
coming to. I say, and I am borne out by every
military man in this House, that if the captain
were made major by brevet, the colonel brigadier
general by brevet, or the brigadier general major
general by brevet, neither can draw the pay of
their rank by brevet until the duties of it shall
have been devolved upon them. If General Scott
receives the rank of lieutenant general by brevet, '
he will draw the pay whenever the President of
the United States assigns him the duty corre-
sponding to that rank. It is left to the discretion
of the President of the United States to decide
whether or not the necessities of the times or
the condition of the Army require that anybody
should be assigned to command as lieutenant gen-
eral. It is also within the power of the President,
at any time, to withdraw that command.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will read to the committee what General Wool
states with regard to the creation of this rank. He
is, as my friend from Indiana and you, Mr.
Chairman, know, one of the best military men in
the country.
Mr. GORMAN. I have also received a letter
from General Wool, which I designed reading in
part to the House.
Mr. LANE. I will only read two or three
words. He says:
" I would observe that if General Scott should become a
lieutenant general, and discbarge its duties, to perfect tbe
organization of Uie general stall' we should require one ad-
diuonal major general and two brigadier generals."
Mr. GORMAN. I, as well as the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] have received
similar letters from General Wool; but I will
come to that point directly. If the President as-
signs to General Scott the rank of lieutenant
general by brevet, and does nothing more, who
will pretend that he will receive the corresponding
pay ? But if the President, in addition to assign-
ing him the rank by brevet, gives him command
accordingly, he will then, and not till then, draw
the pay.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it not intended that he
shall draw pay ?
Mr. GORMAN. If this resolution ever passes,
it will pass at a very late day of this Congress;
and it is doubtful whether the present President j
will exercise the power thereby given him at the j
last hour of his Administration. If, however,
Mr. Fillmore should confer the rank of lieuten-
ant general by brevet, together with the command
corresponding, General Scott would receive pay
accordingly; but when General Pierce comes into
power, should he deem it necessary to dispense
with (or decline to confer more than the brevet)
the command of lieutenant general, he can do
so, and leave General Scott with only the rank of
lieutenant general by brevet without the pay.
Mr. HALL. Why not keep him so that he
cannot have the pay at all? That is what we want.
Mr. GORMAN. I am vain enough to believe,
Mr. Chairman, that I understand this question of
rank by brevet as well as most men. I have been
in personal correspondence intimately with him
more or less for the last three or four years, upon
this and other matters connected with the Army.
It was referred to me by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and I have examined every article
and pamphlet with relation to it that has been put
forth since this difficult and perplexing question
of rank by brevet, hits been started. And I re-
peat, that until General Scott is assigned duty
corresponding with the brevet rank of lieutenant
general, he cannot draw pay. My companions in
arms know that is the law. I could read it from
authorities before me, but I will not, as it would
take up too much of my limited time.
Mr. LETCHER. How much pay will he get?
Mr. GORMAN. If he be assigned duty ac-
cording to his brevet rank, he will get just such
additional pay as Congress shall choose to give
him, and not one cent more. I would ask you,
Mr. Chairman, and my Democratic friends,
whether there now exists a law providing for the j
pay of a lieutenant general ? I want my Demo-
cratic friends, who have said so many unkind
things of those of us who intend voting for the
Senate resolution, to hunt up the law which pro-
vides for the pay of the brevet lieutenant general;
where is it? Provision for the pay of that office
was passed only once, and that provision will be
found in the military laws, and in the 5th section
of an act approved the 28th of May, 1798:
" Sec. 5. -And be it further, fyc., That whenever the
president shall deem it to be expedient, he is hereby em-
powered to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a commander of the army which may be raised
by virtue of this act, and who, being commissioned as a
lieutenant general, may be authorized to command the
armies M the United States, and shall be entitled to the
following pay and emoluments, viz : monthly pay;
•ir'50 monthly allowance for forage, \vh*n the same shall not
be provided by the United States, and forty rations per day,
or money in lieu thereof, at the current price."
This act, which created the rank of lieutenant
general for General Washington, was repealed on
the third day of March, 1799, (see Laws of the
United States, chap. 43, sec. 9.) Now, where is
your law creating the pay of the office of lieuten-
ant general ? Is there an officer of your Depart-
ments—chief or subordinate—who will construe
the law to give one of your officers pay when the
law fails to stipulate what the pay shall be ? I
suppose not. When, then, is the officer holding
rank of lieutenant general by brevet to draw pay
corresponding to that rank, even if assigned to
corresponding duty, until you, the law-making
power, shall give the authority? When does
General Wool draw his pay as major general,
which rank he now holds ? I answer, by express
authority of law. Suppose my distinguished
friend from Oregon Territory was still in theArmy,
when would he draw pay for the major general-
ship by brevet, which he fought and bled for,
with three or four major generals ranking him ?
His modesty forbade his telling when he was up,
that he obtained that brevet for a wound he re-
ceived through the big muscle of his right arm
whilst gallantly contending in the service of his
country against her foes; and especially for his
bold attack and defeat of General Santa Anna at
Huamantla. When I met him on the bloody field
of Buena Vista the blood was streaming down his
arm and upon the point of his sword. When I
know how gallantly he won his honors, and how
modestly he wears them, I should blush for my
country's shame were 1 to refuse even the full pay
to that brevet.
Mr. LANE. I beg pardon of my friend from
Indiana for interrupting him, but 1 wish to say
that if the gentleman he alludes to were in the
Army, and should be assigned duty in Oregon or
any other portion of the Union on that brevet
rank, he would be entitled to pay accordingly.
Mr. GORMAN. But suppose there were fo^ir
major generals having precedence?
Mr. LANE. No matter; if he were in a remote
portion of our territory, and were necessarily as-
signed the duty corresponding to that rank, he
would draw his pay.
Mr. GORMAN. Exactly—ifhe wereassigned
the duty. 1 have stated that already, several times.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. With the gen-
tleman's permission, I wish to make an inquiry.
I desire to know, in order to regulate my own
vote, whether this is a proposition to confer a bar-
ren title of lieutenant general upon General Scott,
without the accompaniment of pay ? The ques-
tion as it appears to be argued by the gentleman
from Indiana, whether this title shall carry with
it pay or not, seems to me to be a very important
one. I should rather vote for the resolution with
the pay, than without it.
Mr. GORMAN. If the present or incoming
President should assign to General Scott, besides
conferring the rank of lieutenant general by brevet
on him, the duty corresponding, he would draw
whatever pay you might fix; for my friend from
Tennessee must remember that we have no exist-
ing law that provides for the pay of a lieutenant
general.
Mr. STANTON. Weought to fix it,and give
him both the title and the pay.
Mr. GORMAN. I am not going further than
the resolution proposes to go. I would appeal to
the gentleman from Oregon to know, had he been
President of the United States, after the glorious
victories gained by the American army in Mex-
ico, and had had the power under the Constitution
and laws, whether he would not have conferred
this rank on General Scott?
Mr. LANE. If General Scott had been my
father, under the supposition of the gentleman, I
Would not have conferred an empty title upon him
which was anti-democratic and smacked of aris-
tocracy. In conferring this title, we are following
in the footsteps of monarchical governments, ana
not those of our wise and patriotic forefathers. It
will break up the democratic organization of our
Army.
