1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
his prejudice that he happened to be the highest in
ru'ik.
The letter of General Wool has been referred
to. The General says that if General Scott is
made lieutenant genera!, there should t>e another
major general and two brigadier generals to com-
plete the organization. This is true, if you find
any necessity for the completion of this organiza-
tion, but which cannot be so, unless in time of
war. Hut bv creating the brevet rank only, 1
' apprehend no vacancy can possibly be created
thereby.
No*-, Mr. Chairman, as to the expediency of
conferring by law the brevet rank of lieutenant
general, I bring before the country the following
facts, in which General Wool participated:
•• THE LIKUTENAN r GE.NKRAl.CY.
" In the Sfsatk, J-Y'ruury 'Jt, —Hon. Mr. Fitz-
grraU :i*krd .imi obtained leave to bring in a joint re.-olu-
tion to I'niilt r upon Major Genera! VVuifield Scott the brevet
rank of lieutenant general; which was read, and passed to
a seeoini reading.
A motion to read the resolution a third time the same
day being objected to by a single Senator, the subject went
over for the want of time—Congress being within a week
of dissolution."
•■Jul) 29, 183!}.—Hon. Mr. Clemens submitted the fol-
lowins:
•' • Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
' instructed to inquire into the expediency of conferring, by
' law, tiie brevet rank of lieutenant general on Major Gen-
* eral Wmtk-ld Scott, with such additional pay and allow-
' ance> as may be deemed proper, in consideration of the
distinguished services rendered to the Republic by that
' officer during the late war with Mexico.*
*• Ki hl days later, that resolution was referred to tbe
Senate's Military Committee.
■;On the last day of the session, (September 30, 1850,)
Hon. Jefferson Davis, chairman, reported the following
resolution on tile same subject:
" • Resolved, That the President of the United States be,
' and he is hereby, requested to refer to an army board of
' officers, to be designated by him, the following questions,
* viz: I* it expedient or necessary to provide for additional
' grades of commissioned officers in the Army of the United
' States: and if so, what grades, in addition to the present
4 organization, ?hould be created
In pursuance of this request, the President of the
United States, by order, December 2, 1850, appointed a
board of offt-ers Generals Jesup, (President,) Wool, Gib-
son, Totten, Talcott, Hitchcock, aud Colonel Crane, who
reported, unanimously, as follows:
" ' Under the first inquiry referred to it, tile board is of
'opinion that it is expedient to create, by law, for the
* Army, the additional grade of lieutenant general, and that
' when, in the opinion of the President arid Senate, it shall
'be deemed proper to acknowledge eminent services of
'officers of the Army, and in the mode already provided for
'in subordinate grades, it is expedient and proper that the
' grade of lieutenant general may be conferred by brevet.' "
■■December 17, Ie50.—That report was laid before the
Senate, and 'referred to the Committee oil Military Af-
fairs.' "&c. j
"Januarv 25, 1851—Hon. Mr. Shield*, chairman, &c., '
reported a joint resolution, in conformity with the recom-
mends Uun ot tiie military board." I
"February 13, 1551.—The joint resolution passed the '
Senate bv 31 votes to 16—several of its friends (among j
them the Hon. Mr. Clemens) being absent." '
Now, sir, I desire to know what higher military
authority do you want than the above report of this
military board; what higher authority than the Sen-
ate Military Committee, and what higher author-
ity than the American Senate, byan overwhelming
v ote, do you want to justify your action now? The
Senate and President have heretofore had the ex-
• elusive right to confer these army grades, but in
this case, it requires our concurrence. Will we
give it, or will we not? This mark of military
merit, thus tendered, only refers to the line of his
profession; it commits us in no way to his politics
or that of his party; it commits us in no way to
his civil qualifications for high political position.
It commits us to no act without the line of his pro-
fession which we might condemn. It commits us
to no approval or disapproval of his personal mis-
understandings with citizens or soldiers in times
past, present, or to come. It only commits us to
his mere military merit. It only commits us to
trie soldier, and it will commit us to the noble, gen-
erous-hearted sentiment of Franklin Pierce, that 1
" the hour of triumph is the hour of magnanim-
ity."
Mr. FLORENCE. I hare no desire to con-
sume the time of the committee, but I desire to
ask a single question. My friend from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] exhorted this side of the House
to vote the brevet rank cf lieutenant general to
General Scott, and, in the course of his remarks,
in answer to a question asked him by a gentleman
now sitting near me in relation to the pay that
would go with it, he stated that unless the duties
of lieutenant general were assigned to General
Scott, he would not receive the pay and emolu- ,]
I nients of that distinguished position. When I
! rose to ask the gentleman a question, I designed to
inquire of him what the duties of lieutenant gen-
eral were; because, if I judge rightly, the purpose
of the gentleman was to persuade members upon
this side of the House, myself among the num-
ber, I naturally enough suppose, to confer this
rank upon General Scott. 1 wanted him to give
me a reason for it—and perhaps it might have
been a satisfactory one, which would have induced
me to vote for the proposition. I now beg per-
mission to ask the gentleman from Indiana, if he
pleases to answer me, what, in case we confer this
brevet rank, and the President assigns the duties
of lieutenant general to General Scott, will be the
duties of the lieutenant general ? Occupying a seat
upon this floor, and the convictions of my judg-
ment being against the argument of the gentleman
from Indiana, I desire to be enlightened, and
therefore I ask him this question.
Mr. GORMAN. I will answer the gentleman's
question; but if he is any wiser after I do answer
it than he was before, I shall be very much disap-
pointed. [Laughter.] The command of a lieu-
tenant general is two divisions, or what the French
call corps d'armee. One division is the command
of a major general, and should any necessity arise
for an increase of the army, or the army should
come together upon any occasion, then of course,
he might be assigned duties according to his brevet
rank.
Mr. FLORENCE. I acknowledge that I am
not any more enlightened than 1 was before the
gentleman answerea my question. [Much laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SMITH then obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, who moved that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Richardson) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Unionhad, according to
I order, had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
332, making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1854, and had directed him to report back
; the same to the House with a recommendation
j that it do pass; also House bill No. 335, "making
; appropriations to supply the deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the fiscal year ending June 30th,
I 1353," and had come to no resolution thereon.
| The question now being upon ordering House
j bill No. 332 to be engrossed and read a third time,
j Mr. HOUSTON moved the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, was sub-
sequently read the third time, and passed.
SURVEYS OF THE COAST OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. With the
permission of the House, I move that the memo-
rial of certain citizens of the State of California,
asking an appropriation for the purchase and dis-
tribution of the memoirs, maps, and charts of the
cost of California, prepared from the surveys of
Commander Ringgold of the United States Navy,
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
No objection being made, the motion was en-
tertained and agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to,
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorial, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. IVES : The petition of 84 citizens of Jefferson
county for breakwaters in the harbor of Cape Vincent, New
York.
Also, the petition of 46 citizens of the county of Oswego
for breakwaters in the harbor of Cape Vincent, New York.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The petition of N. P. Tallmadge
for a grant of land and the right of way for the location arid
construction of certain railroads in the State of Wisconsin.
By Mr. OOTTMAN: Resolutions of the General As-
sembly of Maryland, praying Congress to provide for ench
a commercial arrangement with the countries furnishing
guano as will open the trade in that article to the free com-
petition of all American citizens and destroy the monopoly
now engrossed by a few.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 5, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed, as the
Select Committee ordered yesterday to consider
the subject of the discovery of anajsthetic agents,
Messrs. Walker, Smith, Davis, Butter, and
Mallory.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, at the last ses-
sion of Congress I submitted the petition of Chris-
tian Hanson, of Brooklyn, in the State of New
York, praying that the Postmaster General might
be instructed to make a contract with him for car-
rying the mails between the city of Brooklyn or
New York, and Gluckstadt in Germany.
I now perform theagreeable duty of submitting
to the Senate a further petition of the same enter-
prising citizen, in which he proposes to add to the
line before mentioned a continuation, viz: a line
of mail steamships, capable of being converted
into ships of war, to ply between the city of Kiel,
in the Duchy of Holstein, or the city of Lubeck,
one of the Hanse-Towns on the Baltic., and St.
Petersburg, in Russia, touching at Ystadt, in
Sweden, which line would be connected also with
the New York and Bremen line.
Mr. Hanson is willing to engage to make
weekly passages each way between the ports
mentioned, with two steamships of six hundred
tons burden each, for a period of ten years, provi-
ded the Government will pay him $25,000 quar-
terly for the first four years; §20,000 quarterly
the next four years, and #lf>',000 quarterly the
remaining two years, the Government paying the
expense of carrying the mail to and fro between
Gluckstadt and Kiel.
At the last session I had the honor of submit-
ting to the Senate the petition of Christian Han-
son, Esq., of Brooklyn, in the State of New York,
in which he proposed to establish a line of mail
steamers between that city and Gluckstadt on the
Elbe, to be employed in carrying the mails of the
United States and incidental freights and passen-
gers between Germany and this country.
In that petition it was shown that the line thus
proposed would secure to the United States the
advantages of the postal communications between
the continent of Europe and the United States, a
large portion of which are now carried on through
the port of London; and it was also shown that
the measure proposed would tend to increase and
enlarge the commerce between this country and
Continental Europe. This line, with the other from
Brooklyn to Gluckstadt and the Bremen line,
would secure to the United States a direct and in-
dependent steam mail and commercial communi-
cation with^Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Russia,
and all the northern parts of Germany, and the
voyage would be reduced to a period of fifteen
days from New York to Copenhagen, sixteen
days to Gothenburg, seventeen to Christiana, six-
teen to Stockholm, and eighteen to St. Peters-
burg.
The vessels of the new line would afford pro-
tection and dignity to our commerce on the Baltic,
where the national flag is now too seldom seen.
The trade on that sea employs twenty-two thou-
sand ships, and of them probably less than two
hundred and fifty are American. Although we
supply northern Continental Europe with all its
i cotton, and a large portion of its rice, and sugar,
and fish-oil, yet it is conveyed thither chiefly in
foreign bottoms.
The number of emigrants from Continental
; Europe to the United States during the last year
was one hundred and thirty thousand, and that
| number annually increases. It is this extraordi-
nary and peculiar branch of commerce, the im-
| portation ofimmigrants with their property, which,
more than even the new accessions of gold from
\ California, has sustained the balance in our favor,
; notwithstanding such vast augmentation of im-
ported fabrics into the United States for four or
five years past. But we enjoy much less profit
resulting from it than we ought, by reason of its
being largely carried in foreign ships.
The petition which I submit, is accompanied by
tables of exceeding interest, which I hope the Sen-
ate will consent to publish.
Mr. President, this petition raises the question
notso much how far, as how fast we shall go in the
way of making our postal arrangements subserve
