1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
ation of the bill postponed was, that it might be
printed, so that we may have an opportunity to
examine it. 1 have a satisfactory reason for this,
in the fact that a new bill has been introduced this
morning as a substitute for another bill. 1 do not
iniend to enter into the details of the arrangement
of the Army or Navy. I know nothing about
them, and I am willing to leave them to those to
whom they properly belong. Alt that I desired
was, that we should not do any injustice. It has
been said that a man cannot be put in a condition
where he shall be deprived of his pay and emolu-
ment, unless he says that he is disabled. Take
the ease of Major Searle. I name him because
the ca*e Is familiar to the Senate. He is utterly
incapacitated for service, utterly incompetent, but
the Senate refused to stand by and see him over-
slaughed. Suppose he is ordered to perform ac-
tive duty, and he declares, as he must, that he is
incapacitated? Then, as I understand the bill,
there is to be a board of officers to decide upon
ths case, and see whether he is incapacitated. Of
course they must decide that he is, being unable
to use his limbs, and perhaps only just able to live
upon his pay and hire his servant. He is to be
cast as'de and put upon half pay as useless lum-
ber, although the Senate refused to see him over-
slaughed, and his right of promotion cut off on
account of disabilities incurred in the service of
the country.
Let me call the attention of the Senate to another
case. When a bill works apparent injustice, it is
an unjust bill. Take the case of the young man
in the Navy, to whom I have referred. A young
roan of twenty-five has entered the service with all
the spirit and ambition which belongs to young
men thus entering life; and he loses his eyesight in
the service of his country. His pay is about
enough to support him economically. But by this
bill you subject him to a situation in which that
Cay will be reduced one half. Thus you make
ravery a crime, and foster cowardice and skulk-
ing. You virtually say to your officers when
they are about entering the service of the country,
"Take care that you do not get wounded, or put
yourselves in a condition in which you can render
no further service to the country, because the mo-
ment you lose your limbs by exposure to danger,
that moment your country puts you byas useless,
like a disabled animal, no further fit for use. I
aav, that a bill that does that is, to my humble
apprehension, an unjust bill, and ought not to
pass. No motives of convenience, to my mind,
can justify it. I see no injustice that can be done
by allowing the bill to lie over until to-morrow.
Nobody knows what it is. I therefore move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill until |
to-morrow, and that the bill be printed. !
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator speaks of i
the harshness of the operation of such a bill, and
supposes that it only gives to the officers one half
what they received before they are disabled. If a
man loses both his arms in battle, and goes out of
the service, he gets a pension. And what is it?
He can get his half pay 
Air. HALE. You do not turn him out.
Mr. CASS. What difference does it make
whether he goes out by his own consent  r by a
provision of law. I speak of the operation of the
system. The most that any man can get is half
pay. We propose to give these officers about full
pay—that is what is called pay proper. At any
rate it is about double the compensation given by
your pension laws for the highest rate of disabil-
ity known in our service or any other. What in-
justice is there in that? I repeat, this subject has
been before us for years, and has been fully con-
sidered, and I do not think any thing new can arise
out of postponing it.
Mr. SHIELD3. I do not wish to waste the
time of the Senate by debating this measure. If
the Senate are disposed to pass it, they will; and if
not, it must fail. But I wish tb say one thing, and
that is, that the Senator from New Hampshire,
who seems to have taken occasion heretofore to
assail the Navy 
Mr. HALE. I deny it. !
Mr. SHIELDS. Now seems to take a special
interest in opposing this bill, which is intended to
reform both the Army and Navy. I agree with
him, and I agree with others, that a reformation is
needed in both branches of the service. I will also !
state that there is a mass of incapacity and super- i
annuated imbecility weighing down both branches |
of the service, the Army and Navy, and the Bu- !
reaus, and that it is for the benefit of the nation
and the service to turn them out. There are drones
in the Army and drones in the Navy; but it would
be cruel to them to turn them out, and thus render
the Army and Navy efficient, if they have become
superannuated in the service, and disabled and
woundei', without making some provision for
them. No just and generous nation could do that.
I am astonished at the suggestion that this is an
unjust bill. 1 am the last man to bring in any bill
which would be unjust to those men who are in
the Army and Navy. It is my purpose to make
provision for them, to give them a support, and
an ample support; but, at the same time, it is im-
possible to proceed with any measure of reform
in the Army or the Navy, or any other branch of
the public service, without removing from that ser-
vice men whom we all know to be incompetent to
discharge the duties of their station. Sir, there
are men on our frontiers, and there were men in
Mexico, who, though only holding the rank of
captain, commanded regiments, while the colonels
of the regiments remained at home, unable to go
into the field, and yet received the pay and emolu-
ments of their office. There were men there com-
manding regiments because the colonel was not in
the field, and he still held his place, because no
President would turn him out. And no President
will do it under the present state of things, though
they are old and superannuated men, without giv-
ing them some compensation,and providing some
mode by which they can live. Our laws never
have made provision for them in case of removal,
and never will, I think, if the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire could havehisway. How-
ever, I have done my duty.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to postpone the consideration of the bill
until to-morrow.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am opposed to the postpone-
ment. I want to decide the bill one way or an-
other.
i Mr. DOWNS. I hope this bill will be passed
now. It seems to me that no objection can be
made to it. I have no doubt that it has been very
carefully prepared by the committee, and 1 think
we ought to trust somewhat to their discretion in
preparing it. It is not probable that a measure of
this kind can be perfected at once; but this is the
commencement of what we all feel to be desirable.
I think we cannot do better than pass the bill.
I The Senator from New Hampshire seems to op-
pose the bill on the ground that injustice may be
done to the class of officers who will%o on the re-
tired list; though he seems to forget altogether an-
other class of officers, who are interested in the ,
matter, and the country also—I allude to that class
who perform the duties of the superannuated offi-
cers. The Senator's objection to the bill seems to
be that by it we may not treat with sufficient kind-
ness and liberality those officers who may render
meritorious services hereafter. I do not think the
country will fail in their duty in that respect. I
do not think that, by the provisions of the bill,
there is any danger of injustice being done to such
officers; and if it should operate unjustly upon any
of them, I have no doubt the Legislature would
provide for such cases. On the other hand there
is a hardship which ought to be prevented. There
are officers who, in a subordinate capacity, have
been compelled for years and years to perform
duties appertaining to a higher grade. In the
Mexican war, there was scarcely a regiment in the
field ever commanded by the officer highest in rank,
for they were commanded by captains, majors, and
other inferior officers, who performed all the duties
of their superior. I would go as far as any man
to be perfectly liberal; and I am sure the nation
and the Government always will be liberal to
those who have performed meritorious services;
but I am unwilling, at the same time, that injustice
should be done to those who do actual service. I
have never heard an objection seriously urged
against the measure here or elsewhere. If we de-
lay acting upon it, it may defeat it in the other
House, for tnis is a short session. I hope we will !
not do so by differences on minor matters, and
imperfections which may be in it. I hope, there-
fore, the bill will pass.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I am dis-
posed to favor a bill of this character, believing,
when properly considered, that it may result in
public good. But I would like to call the attention
of the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs to the objections that have been
made by the Senator from New Hampshire, and
inquire whether they might not be obviated by
making a distinction between the compensation
that should be received in the cases of those who
have incurred disability in the performance of gal-
lant service in the line of their duty?
Mr. SHIELDS. I will make a statement which
ought, I think, to satisfy the Senator from New
Hampshire, and my friend from Maine. The
President now can turn out any officer of ihe Army.
He has the power to do it, but he will not do it
unless ^here is some provision made for them.
And again: this bill cannot turn one man out of
the Army, unless with the approval of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. BRADBURY. The point to which I was
about to direct attention, was this: That there
ought to be a distinction between the cases where
the disability arises in the discharge of gallant
service in the line of the officer's duty, and those
cases where the disability arises during inactivity,
or without the exhibition of any superior gallantry
There may be cases where an officer is totally un-
able to perform his duty—and this is the point—
who yet may be entitled to something more than
half pay. An officer receives a wound, or is de-
prived of his sight in the discharge of his duty.
In a case of that kind I would discriminate, and
authorize the President to bestow full pay on such
an officer. He may lose his limbs; he may be
unable to clothe or feed himself, and being unable
to perform his duties—having received the wound
in the performance of his duty—I think he ought
to receive enough to support him. It is, therefore,
with the view of examining considerations of this
kind that I would express the wish that the bill
should be laid over and printed. It can be taken
up again to-morrow morning; and I shall be dis-
posed to vote for a bill which, after having had
an opportunity to examine it, I may think will
meet the cases which this bill is designed to-meet.
' Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to say any-
l thing on the general question; but I must make
! the request of my friend from Illinois, that he
should consent to the postponement of this bill,
that we may all enjoy the advantage which he him-
self has had. No one who knows that Senator,
can suppose that he, in any way, would be a party
to a bill which had in it any element of injustice.
It has been said that this bill is unjust in some of
its provisions. I wish that we may all have an
opportunity to read it, to know what its provisions
are.
Mr. SHIELDS: The only reason why 1 was
anxious to pass this bill this morning, was in order
that it might have an opportunity to be acted upon
in the other House during this session. It has
failed to pass through the other House before, for
want of time, and I am afraid if it is not acted upon
now, it will fail again.
Several Senators. We can take it up to-mor-
row.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will consent that it be post-
poned until to-morrow, with a view to have it
printed.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope that it will not be
postponed, but that it will be acted upon now. It
is a subject which has been before us several times
within the last three or four years. I did think
that if any subject had been fully considered,both
by the Senate and the country, this was the ques-
tion aboveall others. The objection made by cer-
tain Senators, seems to be that it does nofprovide
well enough for the officers of the Army. I have
taken some pains to ascertain the opinions of many
officers of the Army on this subject. I was on the
committee, and am still on the committee which
reported the bill. We have taken pains to ascer-
tain the views of the officers of the Army, and if
there has been any one who has expressed any
objection to it, I am ignorant of the fact. Those
who have given their views in favor of it, aie as
well qualified to give an opinion as any persons
can be. As the bill has been so long before the
Senate and the country, I hope we may have im-
mediate action upon it.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the acquiescence of my
friend from Illinois, in the suggestion with regard
to the postponement'of this question, will meet
with the concurrence of the Senate. I trust that
it will be postponed, simply because I desire that
the business of the Senate may be conducted in-
