224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5.
telligently. The amendment which is now under
consideration was introduced this morning as a
substitute for a bill which has been long upon our
tables. Comparing that substitute in manuscript,
as read at the desk of the Secretary, with the print-
ed bill, I find there are some very essential differ-
ences, and these differences ovightto receive a care-
ful consideration, at least as careful a consideration
as can be procured by having the bill printed and
laid on our tables, to be taken up to-morrow. My
friend who reported the bill is a gentleman in
whose judgment and discretion I have very great
confidence, and generally I find myself concurring
with him in my vote. But he should recollect that
while he and the members of his committee have
had an opportunity to see this before, though in
writing, other gentlemen have not had the privi-
lege of seeing it at all. I hope, therefore, it will
be postponed.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope that as the chairman
and other members of the Military Committee ac-
quiesce in the postponement, there will be a gen-
eral understanding that it shall be taken up and
acted upon to-morrow.
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have no objection to the
postponement of this bill till to-morrow; nay, I ds-
sire that it may be postponed to a still more remote
period. I do not rise, however, to discuss that
question, but simply to ask the chairman of the
Military Committee, if he is not willing to leave
the business of the Navy in the Senate to the Na-
val Committee, and whether he will not be kind
enough, in the generosity of his temper, to believe
that the Naval Committee will use their best ex-
ertions in behalf of the Navy, and whether he will
not consent to strike out of the bill the words,
" the Navy, and to the Marine Corps?"
Mr. SHIELDS. I am perfectly willing to refer
the whole matter to the Naval Committee, and
they-will do me a very great favor if they will take
it upon their shoulders. The Committee on Mil-
itary* Affairs have included the Navy in this bill,
because, on a former occasion, the Committee on
Naval Affairs felt it rather hard because we intro-
duced a bill for the Army, and did not include the
Navy. And another reason for including both in
one bill, was that they might be precisely upon the
same footing; because, if one bill is brought in for
the Army, and another for the Navy, they might
differ in principle and in detail. But 1 will con-
sent, if the Senator wishes it, to refer the whole
Bubject to the Naval Committee, and let them in-
aV68t1°tlt6 it,
Mr. STOCKTON. The honorable Senator
would then commit a greater error than I think he
has committed now, because he would refer to the
Committee on Naval Affairs an important subject,
of which they know little or nothing in compari-
son with the experience and knowledge which his
own gallant services have afforded him. He is
well, no one is better, acquainted with the wants
of the Army, and no one can or will do it more
justice. I have no doubt he is equally disposed to
do justice to the Navy; but certainly there is a
difference between the wants of the Army and the
Navy of the United States in many particulars,
and perhaps in none more so than in the matters
of efficiency and discipline. Sir, that the Navy
of the United States requires some reform in sev-
eral particulars, I think there are but few who
doubt; but this bill cannot secure the reforms ad-
verted to, some of which I will mention, at the
risk of being tedious. It contains but little power
that is not already vested by law in the Executive
Department of the Government. The President
of the United States and the Secretary of the Navy
can now put any officer on furlough who cannot
perform his duty; and why do they not perform
that duty—unpleasant duty, I grant? Why is it
that Senators ask us to stand between the Execu-
tive government and the people in regard to their
proper responsibilities and duties? The law, sir,
has already given them power to clear away all
this rubbish of which the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs speaks. Such
persons as he speaks of have no business in the
Navy. They ought to have been furloughed long
ago. The channel should have been opened be-
fore this, and in a different way. The best offi-
cers of the Navy should Iftve been called up to !
the performance of the highest duties of the pro-
fession, without regard to their rank. The reason 1
they have not been so called is to be found in the j
imbecility of the Government. If they have not
the power to do it now, let them take the respon-
sibility, and ask it.
But, sir, if it is necessary for the Senate now to
interfere, let us have a well-considered system.
Let us begin and make a thorough reform. But
is it wise to do this now; to do this on the eve
of the outgoing of an Administration? The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I believe, for twelve
months, have thought of nothing more earnestly
and anxiously than naval reform, and they de-
sign to submit, some of these days, to the Senate
their views of that reform. But some of them
wish to begin at the Navy Department.
Sir, all the members of that committee cherish
a regard, a patriotic love, for the Navy. They
cherish those feelings for it not only on account of
the remembrances of the past, but the anticipations
of the future. They remember that this nation is
indebted to the Navy more than to the Army, or
to all the other defensive institutions of the coun-
try, for its present lofty and prosperous position.
That I say without fear of contradiction. Sir,
when dismay pervaded this country, when the
dark cloud of misfortune was hovering over you,
when defeat followed defeat in your Army, whose
shouts of triumph reanimated and reinvigoratedthe
patriot's heart ? It was your gallant Navy. And
yet, sir, the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] only on yesterday complained
of the expenses of the Navy. Sir, the expenses
of our Navy are nothing in comparison with its
importance, its usefulness. They never have been.
One battle—the battle of the Constitution and
Guerriere—was worth more to this nation than all
the treasure that has ever been expended upon
the Navy. Remember, that at the time of which
I speak the British Navy and invincibility were,
in the minds of most of our countrymen, one and
the same thing; and remember, also, that your
Executive quailed before the terrors of that invin-
cibility. Your ships were ordered to be laid up,
and your coast and mercantile marine abandoned
to the enemy.
It was an officer of the Navy (Hull) who,
against authority, without orders, in opposition to
the will of the Government, went to sea, and with
his noble ship and gallant crew achieved for you
that victory which astonished the world and elec-
trified our own Government and people, and from
its moral effect, was worth, as I nave said, all the
money you have ever expended upon the Navy.
The importance, the effect, the value of that fight
of Hull's it is impossible to measure or to explain.
In fifteen minutes the trident of Neptune was
wrested from the grasp of that heretofore invinci-
ble Navy. At that time, sir, the idea of British in-
vincibility was so common, hardly a man out of
the Navy, perhaps, who did not believe that one
British frigate could take two or three American
frigates. Now, sir, in this state of public feeling
—with such odds against them, let me call up here
before the Senate, some reminiscences of the past.
Let me state one fact, if no more, to show the ob- !
ligation you are under, not only to the ship, but |
to the officer, and to illustrate the cause of this '
victory to have been the superiority of your men. 1
You have as good materials now—but they must I
keep up with the progress, the improvement of
the age in which they live.
" See the bold Constitution the Guerriere o'ertaking,
While the sea from her fury divides."
See, likewise, that haughty invincible British
frigate lying to leeward under easy sail, impa-
tiently waiting the encounter. See her crew, elated
with the remembrances of a hundred battles, in
the hope, the joy , the expectation of an easy con-
quest. Hear their shouts of anticipated triumph,
only checked by the certainty of too easy a vic-
tory. Now, sir, look to your own " Constitu-
tion." See her bearing down to that frigate, that
invincible frigate with St. George's imperious and
arrogant ensign. All is silent; no hurrying to or
fro; no confusion—all ready to fight and to die for
their country. Again, sir, on board the British
ship all is bustle, and hurry, and exultation of
anticipated victory. All is still and silent as death ,
on board the Constitution. They could not hope |
for an easy victory; buttherethey were. I speak j
not merely of their courage, but of their devotion j
to their country and to their flag; they resolved to
door die. They bore down on the British frigate
without a whisper being heard on her peopled deck. \
They had heard of raking fires; they well knew j
their destructive effect. They had heard of the
memorable tactics of the British Navy, and soon
perceived that the Captain of the British frigate
was not to be satisfied with simply taking them,
but he would do it in the most approved manner.
Steadily Hull goes down, nothing daunted. The
British frigate fires a raking broadside, and then
wore round and fired another. Steadily Hull
keeps his course. By-and-by the First Lieutenant
of the Constitution asked Captain Hull if he
should return the fire. Hull inquired—" Have
you lost any men?" "No, sir." "Wait
awhile," said Hull. Steadily he keeps his course
until he gets within pistol shot, and then rounding
to as if for a salute, with one broadside gained
the victory.
Now, sir, some of these*perhaps, are amongst
the men that you propose by this bill, unceremo-
niously, if you please, by the will of the President
to put upon a retired list, and with them you
would, perhaps, put some of the men who run from
the defense of the frigate Chesapeake. Would
you, sir, put men who, when the English boarded
their ship, ran below, on the same list with the
gallant victors of the Constitution? Is that just?
Therefore I say, that the chairman of the Military
Committee has, in my judgment, not well consid-
ered this bill, so far as it regards the Navy. If
we are to have a retired list, we should have two
lists. We should have one which would be for
such men as Hull, and such men as Morgan—the
gentleman who was before the Senate yesterday
on indictment by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. He is one of the most gallant men I ever
knew,and when the Constitution got foul of the
Guerriere, he went up into the mizen rigging,
and having looked down, sung out to his ship-
mates, " They have all run away from their guns,
let us board!" And this he did amidst showers
of shot that fell around him. That was the officer
who was arraigned here yesterday.
Sir, I ask the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to allow the Committee
on Naval Affairs, who perhaps have reflected on
this subject as much as any other members of this
body, to take care of the interests of the Navy for
the present—let them have further trial.
But I must in candor say, that that committee,
I believe, are not ready to report on so important
a matter as the reorganization of the Navy. The
Navy has not only been important, but with
these war resolutions and these war speeches ding-
ing in our ears day after day, I consider it more
important, at this time, than it ever has been. It
is now, I will undertake to say, good for nothing
for the purposes of war; and I would rather make
a motion now to abolish the Navy of the United
States, than undertake to mend and patch it up
by piecemeal. Let us go at it in good earnest
and see what we can do for it. It has happened
with the Navy, that since its first establishment
there has never been any overhauling of its "per-
sonnel." The Army has been pruned and culled
two or three times, but the Navy has never been
interfered with in that way. The Government
has always acted on the presumption that a boy
who entered the Navy when he was twelve years
of age, was capable of commanding a ship and
wearing the epaulets of a captain whenever he was
promoted in turn to that rank. Apply that rule to
the pursuits of the world generally; take any
hundred men who promised well in their youth,
and how many of them will you find who have
realized the fond expectations of friends when
they arrived at the age of manhood.
The thing speaks for itself. The Navy needs
reforming, not only because it never has been re-
formed, but because most of those persons who
could get an appointment in the Navy when boys
are there now. The consequence of this system
is, all the old officers who are in the service, must
continue to fill the most important places, fit or
unfit. They are ofhigh character, and have ren-
dered the country great services, and should be
honored, but not employed where younger men
would do better. They do not belong to the school
of progress; they may be old men who have not
thought it necessary to keep up with the constant
progress of naval affairs in the world. They may
be men of high honor, of great courage, of exalted
worth, men who maintained the honor and glory
of the country in the battle and the breeze. But,
sir, old age has come; they must retire, but it
should bean honorable retirement. The ardor, the
