226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 5,
power to turn out: but if he exercised it, he would
turn the officers adrift without any provision for
their support. That is not the power to which I
alluded; ami the gentleman's remark only shows,
what I apprehended was the case, that he has not
looked into the matter 111 reference to the Navy.
The President has a right to furlough officers upon
half pay. That is the law to which 1 alluded;
and therefore it seems to me that the gentleman
has indulged his wit without perhaps having a
very proper occasion to do so.
There is, however, one part of the gentleman's
remarks that perhaps 1 did not exactly under-
stand, and I should like to have him explain them.
He referred to what I said as to the present con-
dition of the Navy, and said that it had perhaps
retrograded since I left the Navy, or in conse-
quence of my leaving it. I did not exactly catch
the Senator's words, and 1 should like to hear
them asam in order to understand his meaning.
Mr. SHIELDS. I meant the vei v highest pos-
sible compliment to my honorable and gallant
friend. I indulged in no wit whatever. 1 made
no effort to be witty. I stated that I presumed the
Navy had suffered considerably since that honor-
able gentleman had retired from the service. Could
1 have paid him a higher compliment r There is
no man of whom I have a higher estimate than I
have of that gallant and meritorious officer; and I
certainly did not mean to reflect on the honorable
Senator from New Jersey by saying that the Navy
had suffered since his retirement from the service.
Mr. STOCKTON. I felt under the conviction
that 1 could not be mistaken in the sentiments and
feelings of the honorable Senator from Illinois
towards me, and 1 am glad that I have not been
mistaken.
Mr. GWIN. I have been absent during this
discussion, and I really do not understand the bill
before the Senate; and therefore, as I learn that
the question pending is on a motion to postpone,
I am in favo of the motion. As the question of
the reorganization of the Navy has been discussed,
it is proper that I, as chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee, should say something. I think the respon-
sibility in regard to legislation for the Navy should
rest upon the right quarter. The records will
show- that the Committee on Naval Affairs of the
Senate have discharged their duty in acting upon
every question brought before them. They re-
ported more bills at the last session of Congress
than were ever reported from that committee at
any previous session. They have acted upon all
the bills before them. Upon the subject of a reor-
ganization of the Navy, they have been prepared
to act for many months past. But it will be rec-
ollected that early in the last session we reported
a bill making, for temporary purposes, a substitute
for the punishment of flogging, which had been
abolished. The Senate passed it with great una-
nimity, and sent it to the House of Representatives
at a very early period. They laid it upon their
table, and there it still lies. What is the use of
our originating legislation here, when everything
that we send down to the House, which is in my
opinion beneficial to the country, is either mangled
and destroyed by the manner in which it is cut '
up, or is laid upon their table and not acted upon ?
That is the reason why the Naval Committee, or
at any rate why I as a member of that committee,
have not felt disposed to act at all. Judging from
the past, we are certain that there will be no legis-
lation there of a beneficial character in reference to
the Navy.
I do not know the provisions of this bill, but I
wish it to be distinctly understood that I am pre-
pared to advocate a measure for the reorganization
of the Navy; yet we have no hope of its being
acted upon at this session. "We have had a meas-
ure prepared for months, but we have not brought
it before the Senate, under that impression.
l^lr. BADGER. This bill does not propose a
reorganization of the Navy.
Mr. GWIN. I merely wished to make that
statement in order that it might be understood.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to postpone until to-morrow the further
consideration of the bill, and to print the amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
SAFETY OF STEAMBOAT PASSENGERS.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forwkt, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a joint resolution from the
Senate, "allowing in certain cases to the owners
' of steamers further time to make the necessary
'preparation to bring their vessels within the pro-
' visions of an act entitled ' An act to amend an
' act entitled An act to provide for the better security
1 of the hvts of passengers on board of vessels pro-
' pelied in whole or m part by steam, and for other
' purposes,'approved August 30, 18o-V' with an
amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. This joint resolution proposes
to allow the inspectors in certain cases to excuse
steamboat ownersfornon-compliance with thelaw,
and limits the extension which may be granted
to ninety days. The amendment is to insert after
"ninety days," the words " from the first of Jan-
uary, lSoS. I move that the Senate concur m
the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
Mr. CASS. I move to take up the resolutions
submitted by me yesterday, in reference to the
subject of colonization on this continent.
The PRESIDENT. Those resolutions have
been sent to the printer, and are not in possession
of the Senate at this time.
Mr. CASS. I will merely state that my object
is to have the resolutions taken up for a second
reading, and then to postpone them until such time
as the President's message in regard to Cuba shall
be discussed; which will be perhaps during the
next week.
Mr. HALE. As the honorable Senator pro-
poses to take up those resolutions, I wish to say,
that I have an amendment which I shall offer when
they come up. I present it now, simply that it
may be read and printed together with the resolu-
tions. It is to add the following:
~3nd be it further resolved, That while the United States,
in like manner, disclaim any designs upon Canada incon-
sistent with the law* of nations, and with their dunes to
Great Britain, they consider it due to the va«t importance
of the subject to make known, in this solemn manner, tha
they should view all efforts on the part of any other Power
to procure possession, either peaceably or forcibly, ol that
province, (which, as a naval or military position, must, un-
der circumstances easy to be foreseen, become dangerous
to their northern boundary, and to the lakes,) as unfriendly
acM directed against them, to be resisted by all tile mean's
ui their power. ^
Mr. CASS. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire is an old tactician. He has often done the
same thing. When he does not want to destroy
a measure directly, he has often attempted to do it
indirectly.
The President put the question upon the mo-
tion to print the amendment, and there were, on
a division—ayes 16, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HALE. I hope that I shall have, at least,
the usual courtesy of the Senate extended to this
proposition. I think that Canada is as important
to our northern coast as Cuba is to our southern
coast; and it is nothing more than usual to order
the printing of a proposition offered by a Senator J
Mr. RUSK. We have consumed three or four
days during this session in speaking upon matters
which do not at all affect the proper legislation of
Congress, and I want to put a stop to that practice.
On the previous division, I voted, as a matter of
courtesy, for the printing of this amendment, but
now I shall vote against it.
The question being taken upon the motion to
print the amendment, resulted—ayes 17, noes 15.
So the motion was agreed to.
DUPLICATE LAND WARRANTS.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the Senate resumed,
as in Committee of the W^hole, the consideration
of the bill "to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to issue duplicate land warrants in certain
cases." It proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to issue duplicate land warrants, in all
cases of revolutionary land warrants where the '
original warrants were lost or destroyed. |
Mr. DAVIS. This bill grew out of the petition
of Mrs. Barton, who was one of the sisters and
heirs of Jacob Town, deceased. She and her i
sister applied for a land warrant, furnished the !
proper evidence, and it was issued for their ben- !
efit, and for such other heirs as might be surviving, j
That land warrant, in its transmission from this I
I city to the beneficiaries, was lost. Satisfactory
evidence of that fact was productd to the comniit-
tee;ai;d it appeared by the books i.ftheLatid Office,
that no entry had been made upon any tract by
virtue of that warrant. Tlr. wanant having been
lost, the beneficiaries were unable to avail them-
selves of the grant of the Government, and hence
they came hereand presented their petition, which,
together with certain correspondence on the sub-
ject between them and the Land Office, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Upon examining the correspondence, the com-
mittee came to the conclusion that it was better to
make a general law on the subject, and, contrary
to my wishes, they reported a general bill. I was
willing that a general bill should be passed, but I
preferred, in the first place, acting upon the par-
ticular ease presented. That bill was taken up
with the understanding that it would be passed
without difficulty, and that these individuals would
get relief in that way, but when it came to !>e dis-
cussed the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands had objections to it; others had objections
to it; but I now have the consent of the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, and also the
consent of the chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to move, as a substitute for
this bill, what I hold in my hand. There is some
misunderstanding on the subject—some disagree-
ment in the Department, in regard to the effect of
a general law, and I therefore propose to alter the
character of the bill from general to special. My
amendment is to strike out all the hill after the
enacting clause, and insert the following:
That the Commissioner of the General Land Office be
instructed to issue a duplicate ol' laud warrant number 2244,
for two hnndred acres, dated February 2d, ItCJy, and issued
m the names of Lucretia llarton and Prudence Rlandon,
sisters and heirs of Jacob Town, deceased, in their own
right and for the benefit ot the other legal heir-, if any sur-
vived, upon satisfactory proofbeing made to the said Com-
missioner that the oriirinal warrant has been lost or destroyed
without having been entered ; and said duplicate shall have
the same eliect as the original warrant.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, theamendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
; engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
j and passed.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, its title was amended
so as to read: A bill to authorize the issue of a
duplicate land warrant in the names of Lucretia
I Barton and Prudence Blandon.
1 HICKEY's EDITION OF THE CONSTITUTION.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 3d instant:
" Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to procure
from the proprietor, for the use of the Senate, ten thousand
copies of Ilickey's edition of the Constitution, with an
Alphabetical Analysis, Washington's Inaugural and Fare-
well Addresses, and other important statistical matter, illus-
trative of the genius of the American Government, and
the development of its principles: Provided, That Uiey be
furnished at the same price as those last procured for the
use of the Senate."
Mr. ADAMS. The Senate have already dis-
tributed, I believe, ten thousand copies of this
work, since I have been a memberofthe body. If
there be any special reason for a further distribu-
tion, I should like to know it. I do not know
whether or not the intention be to distribute ten
thousand copies a year. If so, it would be better
to have a standing order for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker
in the chair.) The rules require that resolutions
, of this sort shall have three readings. This res-
, olution has had two readings; itis, therefore, under
: consideration as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CHASE. 1 would suggest to my friend
from North Carolina, the expediency of inserting
the word " biennially," so as to make this a reg-
ular biennial purchase and distribution.
Mr. BADGER. 1 will consider that when I
brina: forward the next resolution upon tUe'subject.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I hope
the Senate will not adopt this resolution, calling,
as it does, for the expenditure of ten thousand
dollars more for the purchase of books. 1 think
we ought to stop this book-buying business. It
has been carried much beyond the point to which,
I think, it should have gone. It has become a
heavy item of expenditure, and the distribution
proposed is,and must always be, most partial and
unequal. The book in question has already been
furnished tim« and again, and in sufficient num-
