1853
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
227
hers to give Senators and the public officers the
full benefit ot' all the information to be derived
from it. The Library is filled with it, and so also
are the Departments tilled with it. Then as it re-
cards its distribution among the people, reflect for
a moment how far any system we may adopt will
fa,I short of doing anything like justice. The pro
rata share which will fall to the two Senators from
the great State of Xew York would not supply the
people of the smallest city, county, or township,
In that Stale with a copy of the Constitution, and
yrt Senators talk about furnishing the people with
this book.
Mr. President, I have other reasons for opposing
this resolution. We have already paid <,07,334
for this work. We have paid that amount to a
gentleman who is an employee of the Senate, and
for whom, personally and officially, I have the
highest respect. But I dislike the precedent which
is set, of giving heavy contracts of this sort to any
officer of our own body—though personally, as
before stated, there is no gentleman whom 1 wish
individually better than 1 do Colonel Hickey, the
author of this book.
But that is not the question. The question is, is
this practice to go on: and are we, when we once
commence with a book, never to get done with it?
Why has not the House of Representatives, who
immediately represent the people, expended a like
amount, or a much greater sum than the Senate
to supply the people with this book ? They have
not done it. That body has never taken the first
copy of this book. The ordering of this small
number by the Senate, from time to time, has the
effect to load every Senator's desk and drawer
with applications for it, and to subject him to the
charge, in dliferent neighborhoods and counties
into which he may send none, and can, at best,
send but a few, of dealing partially and unequally
with his constituents, because he can do nothing
like justice to all. This book is in the market,
and if politicians or others want it they ought
to buy it. I have the statements before me to
show that we have appropriated more money for
the purchase of books than was appropriated in
the last river and harbor bill, about which so
much was said in condemnation of its alleged mag-
nitude and extravagance.
Mr. BADGER. Not this book.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I refer to the book
system generally, of which this is part and parcel.
I will give an instance or two to illustrate how this
system has gone on. In 1649, the Senator from j
Maryland [Mr. Pearce] introduced aproposition, !
by way of amendment to one of the appropriation l
bills, to subscribe for the " Annals of Congress" !
published by Gales and Seaton. We paid some j
£30,000 for duplicate copies in that case. The
Senator from Maryland, on that occasion, acted
on behalf of the Library Committee, and proposed I
to fill a hiatus in the Congressional debates of the
country from 1790 to 1824. That proposal passed
this body without attracting notice or debate, pre-
cisely as the late Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] said that the proposition to publish the
Documentary History passed, eluding his vigi-
lance and that of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Maxccm.] This Documentary History is
puolished from time to time, and is a heavy item
in the six or seven hundred dollars worth of books
which are given to every new member of this or
the other branch of Congress. These " Annals,"
like 'he Documentary History, involving many
hundred thousands of dollars, were ordered without
the Senate's knowing upon what it was voting
I hope we will vote down this resolution, and
thus put an end to one branch of this book ex-
penditure, which has increased so much of late
years. Every new member that takes his seat re-
ceives as many books as any old member has re-
ceived. Aly worthy friend, [Mr. Badger,] in his
disposition to deal generously with all, so worded
the resolution which was passed at a previous ses-
sion, as to provide that every new member should
be furnished with the same number of-books for
his own use, and the same number for distribution
which every old member had received. Thus all
were put upon an equal footing; and if there are
any new members who have not been provided for
in that way, I am willing to agree to extend the
lime benefit to them, but I am not willing to con-
tinue this system, for I think it is radically wrong.
I wil' not take up time further in discussing this
question. I want to oppose this proposition now, I
hereafter, and at all times; and 1 shall ask, at the
proper time, the yeas and nays upon the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, 1 am very sorry
that my friend from Iowa should have thought it
necessary to oppose this resolution. And I think
a few words will show that it ought to pass. In
the first place, it differs entirely, in every respect,
from each of the cases of abuse to which he has
referred. He says that the proposition for the
purpose of purchasing the Annals of Congress, or
some other book, passed this body without Sen-
ators knowing what it was they were voting upon.
The various resolutions which I have introduced
on this subject, have always been public; they
have been read, plainly displayed, and the Senate
always understood precisely what they were.
Therefore, I think it is hard to put upon a public,
open, well-known, fair, reasonable, just, and
proper thing, the odium of something else which
was secret, unknown, and improper.
My friend also says that these books have been
purchased to such an extent, that we have sup-
plied all the officers of the Government, all our
committees and all persons interested in the trans-
action of public business. Admit it, sir, but we
do not want these books for members of Con-
gress. We do not want them for executive offi-
cers. We want them for distribution among our
constituents. We want to furnish them to the
people of the country; to spread them abroad
among them, and I, for one, should be very happy
if I could make the supply so large that every
man in America, and every boy who is able to
read, should have in his possession a copy of the
Constitution of his country, with the statistical
information as to the origin of that Constitution,
and the main and practical features connected
with its workings which this book contains, and
which I imagine cannot be found in any single
private library in America.
Then, in the next place, allow me to ask—as
was suggested to me by a friend, of whose sug-
gestion I willingly avail myself, for I do not take
the credit of it—how can we, consistently with
our oaths, vote against this resolution? This
resolution is for the Constitution, and we are im-
peratively bound by our oaths,to support and sus-
tain the Constitution. [Laughter.] I think that
argument must be conclusive.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I propose, then, in ac-
I cordance with the suggestion of the Senator from
North Carolina, to amend the resolution by in-
serting before the words, " Hickey's edition of
the Constitution," the words, "the book called." !
That will get rid of the objection suggested by the
Senator. The Constitution is an instrument for
which I have quite as high a veneration as my
worthy friend from North Carolina. But I would
ask, is there a statute copy of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, which has not the Constitution of the
United States in it? The book of statutes of every
State and Territory in the Union, from Maine to
California, contains in its very commencement the
Constitution of the United States. I admit it is
not in as readable a style of printing, and has not
quite so convenient and excellent an index as this
book. If the object be to diffuse the Constitution
of the United States throughout the country, this
book ought to be reduced in size, and the number
of copies of it should be greatly increased, and
there should be something like a fair distribution
of it. But the number required would be so great
that it makes the thing wholly impracticable.
This abuse has grown up like all other abuses in
regard to expenses. Prior to 1847 not a copy of
this book had ever been purchased by the Senate
for distribution. In that year 2,000 copies were
taken at an expense of $2,500. That -was in
April of that year. In December of the same
year 10,000 copies were purchased at an expense
of $10,000; in 1848, 2,000 copies were purchased
at an expense of $2,000; in 1849, 1,163 copies at
an expense of $1,163; in 1850, 5,633 copies at an
expense of $5,633; in 1851, 4,099 copies at an ex-
pense of $4,099; in 1852, 1,939 copies at an ex-
pense of $1,939, making in the aggregate $27,334.
We have paid in the same time about $40,000 for
the Congressional Globe, which usually contains
the Constitution and Laws as an Appendix to it.
Besides that, at the last session we passed a joint
resolution for the transmission of the Globe
through the mails free of postage; and, in addition,
we have put its Reporters upon the list for extra
compensation. There seems to be no end to ex-
pense in regard to these matters; and I hope that
in reference to this book we shall put an end to
this system of expenditure by voting down this
proposition. If we adopt this resolution, it will
be followed up by a similar one at the next ses-
sion, and so on ad infinitum. I hope it will be
stopped now.
Mr. HALE. I rise to suggest an amendment
to^ that of the Senator from Iowa, and which is
this: When we speak of the Constitution, our ex-
pression is indefinite and includes something more.
The English Constitution is made up, in a great
degree, of ancient statutes which have acquired
the force of a written constitution. We seem to
be getting a little into that way. I do not think
the old Constitution conveys the whole that we
now mean when we speak of it. To render our
meaning explicit, I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, though I do not
mean to insist upon it, whether it would not be
well to add " and the Fugitive Slave Law,"so that
when these ten thousand copies go out they shall
include not only the Constitution but the Fugitive
Slave Law. Let both go out to the people at the
same time in order to instruct them.in all the du-
ties which they owe to the Government. I think
there have been less copies of that law distributed
than there have been copies of the Constitution.
The Constitution created the Union, and the Fugi-
tive Slave Law was that great healing measure
which saved i<? Therefore I think there is great
propriety in both going together. The people
should be favored with both at the same time.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think there is any
force in the suggestion made by the Senator from
New Hampshire, but I think it would be better
for the Senate to employ that Senator to write out
what is commonly called the " Higher Law," and
to have it inserted as an appendix to this work.
The higher law would then be much better under-
stood than it seems to be now. If the fugitive
slave law were inserted, of course it would enable
the people to decide for themselves whether it was
in accordance with the Constitution. But there
are a vast number of people who are profoundly
ignorant of the exact meaning of the higher law,
and in order to give the people of the country in-
formation upon that subject, I would suggest that
the amendment which I have intimated is more
appropriate than that suggested by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, while I have
very great doubt about the propriety of arresting
1 the most beneficent operation, as I think, in which
the Senate and the Congress of the United States
! are engaged, that is, the printing of information
useful to the people, I am grieved as well as sur-
prised to find that the opposition concentrates it-
self first against the "publication of that which is
the most important of all the information which
is given to the people, and that is the Constitution
of the United States.
Sir, there have been other lands than this which
have been blessed with written constitutions se-
curing civil liberty. There have been other lands
than this in which the people of different States
have been blessed with a confederated constitution.
There is no land but this now in which a written
constitution securing civil liberty is preserved with
a constitution securing also a confederation of dif-
ferent States; and we are indebted for this preemi-
nence of political felicity to the fact that we have
practically, universal suffrage and universal under-
standing, of the Constitution itself. We have
been told how many copies of the Constitution
have been printed here. To what sum do they all ■
amount? To not a hundred thousand; and yet
there are born into this country every year men
who are to exercise the right of suffrage more than
the whole number of copies of the Constitution
that we have ever printed for distribution. Nay,
more than this: we receive into this country every
year one hundred and fifty thousand persons who
have never probably seen the Constitution of the
United States, and who in five years become citi-
zens and exercise the right of suffrage. Is it then
so great a thing that the Senate of the United
States should annually distribute to the electors
ten thousand copies of the Constitution. There
is no man who is not interested in it. There is
no man who is not bound as a citizen, if he exer-
cises his duties wisely, to revise all our acts,
and to hold us to the performance of our duties
