228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
consistently, and in harmony with the Constitu-
tion.
I shall vote for as many copies of the Constitu-
tion as the Senate will ever consent to order for
distribution amongst the people of the United
States.
In regard to the suggestion of the honorable
Senator from California, [Mr. Wei.ler,] I would
submit to him and the Senate, that there is not
such an imperious necessity for the publication of
the "Higher Law," for the information of the
people of the United States, as he seems to sup-
pose. There are societies in this country, and m
others, which are engaged in an enterprise which
is at once benevolent, beneficent, and not less im-
portant than those duties which devolve upon the
Government of the United States. Those societies
are engaged in publishing and promulgating that
law, not only among the people of the United States,
but among all the tongues and kindred of men.
I believe, sir, that the higher law is contained m
ten edicts or rescripts, which are to be found in
the Bible, and the Bible societies are engaged in
furnishing to every family throughout the United
Suites a copy of that important and invaluable
book; and I believe that, under God, the prosper-
ity and the safety of the institutions of the United
States depend upon the great success which
crowns the efforts of those societies in thus se-
curing to every elector—to every citizen of this
country—the possession of that law; and that as
fast as they succeed in communilbtiiig it to the
lands which are destitute of it, we shall see insti-
tutions of civil liberty secured by constitutions
like our own risingup in them, anil blessing them
as we are blessed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was reported to the Senate, and
the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE called for the yeas and
nays upon ordering the resolution to a third read-
ing; and they were ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Before the vote is
taken, allow me to express a most earnest wish
that, if this resolution should pass, and the book
containing the Constitution should be circulated
among, and read by, those for whose benefit the
Senator from New* York [Mr. Seward] is so
very anxious that it should be circulated, its read- '
ing may have a different effect on them from what
it has had upon him. I trust that those who come
after us, and who may be here at a time such as
that at which that Senator made his debut here,
and at which he gave us some manifestation of
his regard for the Constitution, will show their
reverence for it in a different way from that in
which he has shown his. I trust that if, in the
progress of this country, another addition of ter-
ritory shall be made "to its limits, the people
living in the different States of this Union shall
unfortunately have become as deeply excited and
as Hostile to eaeh other as they were anterior to
the passage of the compromise measures, that
those to whom he distributes the Constitution in
the Empire State, and elsewhere, will read and
expound it differently from what he did in his
famous California or higher la v speech, and that
i's just and wise provisions may excite in their
breasts very different feelings of fraternity and
statesmanship from those which he exhibited upon
the memorable occasion to which I allude. It was
at tnat time, when old, wise, and patriotic men of
this body were exerting themselves by day and
by night, and speaking away their very lives for
compromise and settlements, when the Senator
from New York came forward with his higher
l^loctn.e his immediate and isolated admission
of California, and also New Mexico, with her
military and humbug constitution, and to crown
all, his gigantic and Mexican pronunciamiento for
the immediate abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia. Eulogiums upon the Constitution
from that quarter, 1 confess, have but little interest
to me. And I repeat my anxious hope that the
reading of the Constitution, and the study of its
history, and the objects for which it was formed
may have a different effect upon those to whom
the Senator may send his copies, than it has had
upon himself.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr/President, the honorable I'
Senator from Iowa has anticipated a future period
in which the effects of the distribution of the Con- "
stitution of the United States will be fully dis-
closed. I have only to say that to that future
period, and to the general judgment of all man-
kind, to be then pronounced, 1 refer every word I
have ever t-poken and every vote 1 have ever given
in the Senate of the United States, and that I re-
pose with a confidence as serene in tiie expectation
of a charitable judgment upon tho^e words, and
those votes, as that which the honorable Senator
from Iowa vaunts for himself now. In regard to
the question of slavery and the acquisition of ter-
ritory at a future day which he moots, I have only
to say, that through the operation of the Constitu-
tion of tiie United States, 1 expect that at that
future day, there will be no occasion left tor any
man to propose that slavery shall disappear from
the capital of the United States, and 1 expect that
when future territories are annexed to the United
States it will be necessary for no man to move
that slavery shall be prohibited withm them, but
that they will come in free without any effort being
made to make them so. Certainly 1 believe that
no one will propose here or elsewhere to establish
slavery in regions blessed with universal freedom
when the knowledge of the Constitution shall have
been fully disseminated, as I propose that it shall
be.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
ordering the resolution to a third reading, resulted—
yeas 29, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright, Brooke,
Ca-s, Charlton, Clarke, Davi-j, Dixon, Dodge of Wiscon-
mii, Downs. Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Jones of
Tennessee, Mangum, Morton, Rusk, Sebastian. Seward,
Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and V\ eller—'29.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Dradbury, Brodhead, (,'athcart,
Chase, De Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Hamlin, Mn-on, Nor-
jh, Touce\, and Underwood—1*2.
The resolution was then read a third time, and
passed.
MARGARET L. WORTH.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had agreed to the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
tiie two Houses on the bill for the relief of Mrs.
Margaret L. Worth.
CONTINUANCE OF HALF PAV.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill "to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans." It proposes to continue
for five years longer the half pay granted to cer-
tain widows and orphans for five years, hy the
provisions of the act approved July 21st, 1848,
entitled " An act amending the act granting half
■ pay to widows or orphans where their husbands
' or fathers have died in consequence of wounds
' received in the military service of the United
' States, in the case of deceased officers and soldiers
' of the militia and volunteers," passed July 4th,
1836, or the act approved February 22d, 1849, en-
titled "An act granting five years' half pay to
certain widows and orphans of officers, non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, both
regulars and volunteers."
Mr. BRIGHT. I would inquire from what
committee this bill has been reported ?
Mr. GEYER. It has been reported by the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would be glad to hear the
object of it explained.
Mr. GEYER. The object is to extend for five
years further the half pay formerly granted to the
widows of officers and soldiers who were slain, or
who died of disease contracted in the Mexican
war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
WORKMEN ON THE CAPITOL EXTENSION.
, Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I introduced a small !
bill the other day " for the relief of the working
men on the addition to the Capitol," which I ask
the Senate now to take up for consideration. The
object of it is to provide some compensation to
those men who v/ere thrown out of employment
between the time of the expiration of the first and
the passage of the second appropriation bill for
that object.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was ac-
cordingly read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to grant
thirty days' wages to each of the workmen en-
gaged on the addition to the Capitol, on the first
of November, 1851, or who were afterwards em-
ployed, previously to the discontinuance of the
work: provided he was unable t£> get employment,
and was not discharged on account of incompe-
tency or irregularity.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope that bill will be com-
mitted to some committee to examine and report
upon it. I should like to hear what are the cir-.
cumstances. 1 think it proper that the I.ill should
be referred to the Committee on Public Buildings,
in order that they may have an opportunity to ex-
amine its provisions, and see upon what it is
founded.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then I move to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the motion to refer
will not prevail. If we are to grant relief to these
poor men who were without employment, let us
do it now. The effect of sending this bill to a
committee will be to postpone action upon it in-
definitely, because in a few days we f-hall have
the appropriation bills upon us,.and the Senate
will not then agree to consider such a bill as this.
A similar proposition was before the Senate
more than once during the last session. I brought
a similar bill to the notice of the Senate. It is a
subject which has been considered, and which, I
presume, has been looked at by every Senator
upon this floor. The bill is plain in its provisions;
it can be easily understood. We do not propose
to pay these men for the whole time they were
out of employment, but only to give them a rea-
sonable amount of compensation, because they
came here under the representations of the officers
of the Government that there would be employ-
ment for them, and they were kept out of employ-
ment for a long time. The bill is well guarded,
and I hope the motion to refer will not prevail, but
that we shall pass the bill, and pass it now.
Mr. RUSK. A similar bill to this, I under-
stand, has already been passed by the Senate. I
regard this proposition as eminently just, and 1
feel confident somethinglike it will pass some time
or other. Then the question is, shall we delay
these men ? The claim is so just and proper that
1 think when gentlemen come to examine it, they
will be willing to adopt it without difficulty. Shall
we delay these men, and shall we delay the busi-
ness of Congress by postponing it at this time?
I hope not.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I withdraw the motion
to commit.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question before the
Senate is on the motion to refer the bill to the
CoTnmittee on Public Buildings.
Several Senators. That motion has been with-
drawn.
Mr. CLARKE. I made the motion to refer,
and I have not withdrawn it. I am, perhaps, as
unwilling as any gentleman in the Chamber to in-
terpose any obstacle to the claim of these men, if
they have really been disappointed in any prom-
ises that have been held out to them that they
should be employed in the spring earlier than they
were enabled to be employed, in consequence of the
delay which there was in passing theappropriation
bill. I made the proposition to refer the bill to the
Committee onPublic Buildings, not with a view of
defeating it, for, if I thought it just, I would not
defeat it by any action of mine. But, sir, I have
heard it stated that the advertisement of the Archi-
tect on the proposals by the Superintendent, waa
for men to come here to be employed until a certain
day in November, and they were fully employed
until that day. No further proposition was madeto
them; no further engagement was made that they
should be employed during the next season.
During the spring these men were here, undoubt-
edly ready to go to work upon the building, and
there was some delay in passing theappropriation.
Therefore, if we pass this bill, it will be entirely a
gratuity on the part of Congress. In my humble
opinion, fhere is nothing in the contract that obli-
gates the Government or its agents in anv way to
make any extra allowance to these men who were
employed on the building. They were employed
here during a portion of the year, and when the
winter came the work was stopped. The same
thing may occur at every season, when work has
to be stopped at {he end of the fall, and not to be
commenced again until the spring.
If this bill be referred^o the Committee on Pub-
