1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
would come before this House with just as strong
claims as those of Mrs. Worth. Her husband,
it is true, had not the same opportunity of dis-
tinguishing himself in the service of his country
as General Worth had, but he served his country
through three successive wars—-first under Gee-
era! Jackson, then in the Florida war, and lastly
in the war with Mexico—and died while on parol
during the Mexican war. In addition to that, she
had m the Army, during the Mexican war, two
sons in the company commanded by her husband.
Only one of the name survived, and she was left
penniless, with a family of interesting daughters
to maintain. Is her claim to the generosity of the
Government less just than that of the widow and
orphans of General Worth?
Well, sir, as I said, there are other officers who
have been connected with the regular Army as
long as General Worth, and whose services, I wil
not say, are as brilliant—for I do not know thai
the service of any officer in the Army has been as
brilliant—but whose services have been of the
most valuable nature to our country, and whose
widows should equally share with Mrs. Worth in
the bounties of the Government.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickies, its Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed
bills and resolutions of the following titles:
S. <No. 47. "An act to revive a portion of the act for
the relief of the widows of deceased soldiers."
S. No. 97. <( An act to make the salary of the judge
of the etimtual court of the District of Columbia equal to
that of an assistant judge of the circuit court of said Dis-
trict."
S. No. 573. "An act for the relief of John Charles
Fremont, late lieutenant colonel in the Army of the United
States."
S. No. 68. "A lesolution explanatory of the appro
priation for the improvement of the mouth of the Sekonk
river, and harbor of Providence, Rhode Island."]
Mr. ORR, (resuming.) Well, Mr. Speaker, I
have no lengthy argument to make upon this sub- j
ject. All I desired was, that the House should 1
understand what they are voting upon. The prop-
osition is to change our pension laws, so as to
allow a pension of fifty dollars per month to the
widow of General Worth, for life, when if he had
been killed in battle she would have been entitled
to no more than thirty dollars per month for five
years; and dying after the war terminated, she is
entitled to nothing under our existing pension sys-
tem. If a soldier is killed, wounded, or disabled,
his widow is entitled to only forty-five or fifty dol-
lars a year, for five years. The effect of the pas-
sage of this bill will be to make the widows of
every man who is engaged in the military service
of this country, the widows of both officers and sol-
diers, pensioners upon the Treasury of the United
States. The bill makes the Government the hus-
band of every soldier's widow, and the father of
his orphan children.
Mr. POLK. I have taken an interest in this
bill for the relief of Mrs. Worth,from considera-
tions of a personal character, and from a high ap-
Ereeiation of the services which her gallant hus-
and rendered to his country. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] opposes the reso-
lution because, he says, it is a bad precedent. Sir,
the precedent nan been adopted before. It is noth-
ing new in the history of our country that a re-
ward is conferred outside of the ordiuaryjiaw,
which provides for the widows of soldiers a pen-
sion. This Government (lid it in the case of the
widow of Commodore Decatur. They did it in
the case of a soldier—as gallant a one as ever
bared a bosom to the foes of his country—Rich-
ard M. Johnson, of Kentucky. We have done
it in many instances I couid enumerate, outside
of the law which the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Orr] quotes as authority. He says
that General Worth did not fall m battle. No,
sir, he did not. His God was kind to him. If
his soldier's heart could have asked for his death
place, it would have been under the boom of the
cannon, the rattle of the musket, and the heat of
the drum >-.nd fife. But God was srood to him at
last. Tie died in the service. He did not send
him a lingering disease, like rhills <:nd fevers, to
call home so gallant a spirit to Heaven, He did
not send the hectic cough and hectic flush, but he
sent the monarch of disease.*, the cholera, tocbim
such a heart as Worth's. He leaves a wuiow and
three children—one a boy now only ten years of
age, who has yet to receive a proper education.
An American Congress debates the question wheth-
er it will afford to the widow of General Worth ]
the means of educating a child springing from the
loins of such a man!
Sir, I do not desire to protract the debate upon j
this case. Republics are ungrateful, I know; but j
this is a peculiar case, and if the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Or$] will present to me a '
similar case in the century past—a case of equal j
merits, save those of Commodore Decatur and .
R. M. Johnson—or if he will bring me any such ,
case in future time, I will support it. j
I am constrained, Mr. Speaker, to move the '
previous question upon the adoption of the re-
port.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion. 1
Mr. POLK. I cannot, although I would do
almost anything for my friend and colleague.
Mr. HARRIS. As a member of the committee
which had the bill under consideration, I desire
to submit the facts of the case to the House.
Mr. POLK called for tellers on seconding the
demand for the previous question; but they were
not ordered.
The House was then divided, and the previous
question was not seconded.
Mr. HARRIS. It is always a disagreeable task
to oppose any bill that has for its object a gratuity
of this character, and which appeals so strongly to
the sympathies of every member of this House.
As a member of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, I examined the case now under considera-
tion. 1 find, sir, that under the general law, the
widow of General Worth would have been entitled
to no pension; her husband having died, not from
wounds received, nor falling in battle, she was en-
titled to nothing. He died of disease, and that,
too, m time of profound peace. He died of cholera,
as stated by my colleague. I, as a member of the
committee, was of opinion, however, that under
the circumstances, we should allow her just such
pension as she would have been entitled to had
General Worth fallen in battle, or died of wounds
received in battle.
It has been the practice of the Government to
allow half-pay pensions to widows for five years
only. This bill gives to Mrs. Worth a pension of
fifty dollars a month during the remainder of her j
life. If she were entitled to a pension at all un-
der the general law, she would receive thirty dol-
lars per month, and that only for five years. And
if she had married before the expiration of that
time, she would have foifeited even that.
Mr. POLK. Why she is now sixty years of
age. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS. The widow of every soldier
who has fallen gallantly fighting under the banners
of our country—the widow of every soldier who
has bled upon your battle-fields, is, by the gen-
eral law, entitled to only half the monthly pay of
the soldier as a pension, and that only for five
years. Whilst my sympathies are aroused to as
high a degree as those of my colleague, for the
widow and orphan children of General Worth—
whilst my admiration for that gallant officer is equal
to his, I am unwilling, as a representative of the
people, to violate general principles that have con-
trolled the action of this Government heretofore,
and, in my opinion, should control its action still.
I am unwilling to make an invidious distinction
between the widow of General Worth and the
widow of the humblest soldier whoyielded up his
life on the altar of the country. If it be right to
violate the principle, do it by a general law, so
that the benefit of its provisions will extend to the
widow of the humblest soldier in the ranks as well
as the widow of the proudest commander who has
spilled his blood upon the battle-fields of the coun-
'■ try, 1 am unwilling to favor this species of class
j; legislation.
;i I desire to correct my colleague [Mr. Polk]
I i with reference to a precedent that he cited. I
,1 know that a pension was granted to the widow of
Commodoie Decatur, and 1 have recently exam-
II med the report of the committee upon the subject.
11 It was allowed not so much as a pension as it. was
in payrneut of certain prize money supposed to be
,! due to the heirs of Commodore Decatur. Indeed
' her petition was not for a pension. She never
I asked this Government for a pension, but she did
petition Congress to allow her and the heirs of
Commodore Decatur what was supposed to be
■ due him for the recapture raid destruction of the
frigate Philadelphia. Instead of allowingthe prize
money, Congress passed a special act, placing her
on the pension roll. My colleague will see that
the precedent cited is not in point, and therefore
no authority. This case, on the contrary, is an
application for a pension disconnected from every
other description of claim upon the Government,
and if you allow it, you will violate every princi-
ple that has controlled the action of the Executive
and Legislative Departments of the Government
on the subject. If lt^be proper to do it in this
case, it is proper to pass a general law that
stiall embrace within its provisions all similar
cases. For these reasons I am bound to vote
against the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence, and against the bill, unless the amendment
of this House be attached to it. If the amend-
ment be retained, I am willing to give it my hum-
ble support.
Mr. JONES, of New York. As I was the
member of the Committee on Invalid Pensions to
whom was referred this Senate bill for the relief of
Mrs. Worth, I desire to submitabrief explana-
tion, and in part correct a misrepresentation of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris.] The
Committeeon Invalid Pensions did not recommend
that a pension of thirty dollars per month should
be granted to Mrs. Worth.
Mr. HARRIS. I did not state that the com-
mittee recommended the amendment. When my
friend from New York reported back the bill to
the House, I moved the amendment, and it was
adopted.
Mr. JONES. That ia true. I suppose, Mr.
Speaker, that the whole business of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions is to take into consid-
eration such cases as are precluded by the general
laws of the country. 1 have, indeed, in my drawer
a report, unanimously agreed to by the members
of that committee, which violates this same prin-
ciple in allowing to a seaman who lost an arm,
eight dollars instead of six dollars per month,
which is the full pension of a seaman. Every action
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions is in direct
contradiction to some positive law.
And now, with the permission of the House, I
will state, as I know of no better method of giving
the impression of the majority of the Committee,
the principal points of the report they instructed
me to submit.
The majority of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, to which was referred the Senate bill for
the relief of Mrs. Margaret L. Worth, widow of
the late Major General Worth, instructed me to
report back the same without amendment. The
bill grants her a pension of fifty dollars a month,
or six hundred dollars a year. The services of
General Worth, the circumstances of his death,
so fresh in the minds of all, seemed to render a
report from the committee entirely unnecessary.
But with the indulgence of the House, I will state
some of the reasons which induced the committee
to recommend granting a pension to Mrs. Worth.
General Worth joined the Army of the^. United
States in the war of 1812, and continued in active
service to the day of his death. He was in many
of the battles of the war with Great Britain, and
in all or nearly all of the important ones in the
war with Mexico. All his time and energy was
devoted to the service of his country, and it is de-
tracting from no other man's fame, living or dead,
to say that the services so rendered were equal to
those of any other man. Noted for the energy
with which he prosecuted any purpose committed
to his charge, he was often detailed to accomplish
difficult and dangerous enterprises, and he never
disappointed the most sanguine expectation. Suc-
cess universally attended him, until the soldiers
under his command, knew that to advance to an
assault was marching to victory.
Soon after his return from the Mexican campaign,
and before he had recovered from the arduous duties
of that service, and while "most of the officers of
the Army were absent on sick leave or furlough to
j recruit their shattered constitutions, he was or-
i dered on service the 7th of November, 1848, and
j continued in the active duties of the appointment
j until his death, May 7th, 1B49.
| It is known, I believe, that General Worth la-
i bored under the effects of a wound that would have
( entitled him to a pension, had he at any time re-
; tired from the service. It is also understood, that
i at the time he was sent on this service he had not
i recovered from a chronic diarrhoea, contracted in,
