232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
and a disease somewhat peculiar to Mexico, and
■which destroyed the health and lives of many of
our army.
He was ordered to Texas to establish a line 01
military posts, away from all the comforts of civil-
ization, into a country pervaded in all its length
and breadth by that fell disease, Asiatic cholera.
As might easily have been foretold, he fella victim
to the disease, for under such circumstances the
commencement of an attack is but beginning to
die. Mrs. Worth and family were with him at
the time of his death. And here I will read the
copy of a letter written by him just one week be-
fore his death, as it so well sets forth his opinion
of his duty and its perils:
McCleli.an's, 20 miles from Sa.n Antonio, \
3 p. in., Jljrril 30, 1847. )
My dka.r Major : I am here with the head of my col-
umn. The centei and tear will be up in an hour or ;
rather retarded by disabled horses, having made one hun-
dred and fifty miles in four and a half days, f have your
note of this morning, and draw from it the comfortable be
lief that your sufferings arc abating. "Whether that be so
or not, I must go 07i, it is my duty, and the ladies will not
be left behind. So we shall be with you, I hope, by thtee
o'clock to morrow, taking it cjuu-tly and coolly. XTnder
other ctrcunt stances, Iivould certainly halt, but cannot do it
now, whatever may be the hazai •I to me or mine.
* W. J. WORTH.
Major L. S. Capfrs, Son Antonio, Texas.
Such #re some of the circumstances under which
he died. If the diseasecould be directly traced to
his service while in the line of his duty in the war
with Mexico, his widow, under the general law,
would be entitled to a pension. Hail he died of
the diarrhcea, there would have been no doubt
about the matter at all; but he died of cholera, and
of course the Pension Office are precluded from
granting; any relief. Yet who does not know, that
during the prevalence of epidemic diarrhoea, per-
sons suffering under chronic diarrhoea are pecu-
arly liable to an attack, which attack is, in such
cases, generally fatal. I have no moie doubt that
his death may be traced directly buck to this cause,
than that he is dead.
The sum proposed is but a small one. It is not
asked by the widow, but by her friends, who well
know her need of it to aid her in supporting her
family; and to me it does .seem inconsistent, that
while we are pierciflg the clouds with monuments
to the fame of our heroes, that we should allow
their widows and children to pine in misery and
want, dependentupon charity for their daily bread.
I hope the report of the Committee of Conference
will be concurred in, and relief aiforded to the
family of a distinguished military officer whose
entire life was devoted to bis country.
Mr. STUART. When I some time since asked
that the House should adopt the previous ques-
tion on the motion to concur in the import of the
Committee of Conference, I wax in the hope that
we might arrive at the regular order of business:
but as the House lias indicated a disposition to
discuss, at some length, this question, 1 trust that
I shall be pardoned if I say a few words in reply
to those opposed to the bill. And I regret to hear
from nrf friend from South Carolina [Mr. OrtRja
process of reasoning similar to that which he
adopted the other day. He does not object to the
bill because of want of merit, either in it or in its
object. He passes the highest encomium upon
the services of General Worth, and in doing so he
accords to him only what the whole civilized world
accords. But, sir, it is objected that this bill
doing for his widow what the general law would
not do for his widow, or the widows of others,
and that hence it ought not to pass. It is a i ^petition
of the old argument, that because you have per-
sisted in injustice to the widows and orphans of
deceased soldiers, you should continue that injus-
tice. Is there n member of the House of Repre-
sentatives who is prepared to say that this pension
to the widow of General Worth is not jusi and
right on the part of the country ? I should regret
to"hear any such opinion expressed. If there is
anything m which this country has fallen short of
its duty more, perhaps, than in another, it has
been a failure to do justice to the survivors of
those who have fallen in battle, or who have
served their country faithfully, and m its service
have been cut down by the hand of disease.
I would like any honorable gentleman to answer,
an.^ ^propose to ask it, and have a response from
this House of Representatives to-day, whether the
widow and children of such a man as General
Worth is known to have been, shall be moderately
and fairly provided for at the hands of their coun-
try, or whether they shall crawl to their graves in
penury and want? That is the Question, and it is
a very important one. What stimulus is there
to a man to do honor to his country upon the bat-
tle-field, if in doing so, and serving his country to
the exclusion of serving himself, he but metes out
to the wife of his bosomfmisery and want after his
death? I know not what other gentlemen may
think of it. I know not what rule of gratitude is
to be laid down by the House of Representatives
of the United States; but this I do know, that act-
ing for myself upon this question, I will give no
vote indorsing any such meed of gratitude as that. 1
Why is the bill here ? It is because in thegeneral \
laws of the country there is no relief. I repeat j
that the very reason why we are called upon to- <
day to consider this bill is, because under the gen- i
eral laws of the country there is no relief in a most ■
meritorious case. Is fifty dollars a month too i
much ? Is six hundred dollars a year too much ,
for the widow of General Worth and three chil- i
-plenty to support and educate their families? Are
they the men who go forth to fight the battles of
ypur country? No, sir, they are not the men; but
they are to be found among the sons of toil, upon
whose labor, and labor alone, their wives and
children are compelled to rely for support. You
take that prop from them, and in what position do
you leave them ? You say that you will give
them the pittance of what he could earn for five
years, and then you throw them destitute upon
the tender mercies of the world. I have letters now
ij in my desk from the widows of soldies who per-
! ished in the recent war with Mexico. The time
has not expired for which they were allowed a
pension, and they appeal in the strongest terms to
the representatives of the people to extend it to
them during life, or during the time they may re-
main single, and are compelled to support their
children by their own hands. When that meas-
ure is brought forward, it shall receive my sup-
port; and this I consider as an entering wedge,
d I shall vote for it for that reason, because
dren, to be sustained and educated by her? If it ; hereafter, it can be referred to as a precedent. For
be too much, upon what principle is it so? Shall ]\ these reasons the measure shall receive my un-
we measure out to the bereaved widow of a gal- |j qualified support.
lant soldier what she shall consume day by day, j
and prescribe in what apparel she shall be clad ?
Does anybody fear that upon six hundred dollars
a year the appearance and support of that family ■
will be too pompous and splendid to do credit to s
the memory of her gallant deceased husband ? Is
there any gentleman here who could support his j
wife and three children upon six hundred dollars
a year, education and all expenses included? If ;
so, he is a much more fortunate individual than I ,
am in the way of pecuniary expenses.
I will not consume the time of the House of';
] Representatives, but I will conclude by propound- ]
ing again the question which I desire to see tested
here to-day, because the opportunity is an appro- i
pnate one, and the time is fitting, whether the !
House of Representatives, ie presenting more im-
mediately the feeling of the American nation, is 1
prepared to do something like justice to those who i
have defended the country m perilous times, or j
whether they are prepared to set the example, to .
be regarded in future as a precedent, determining i|
and solemnly declaring that he who serves his
country bestbutbringspenuryandwantuponthose
j nearest and dearest to his bosom?
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I do not intend
to occupy the attention of the House for more ;
than two or three minutes. I wish to say, in the j
first place, that I intend to vote for this bill. I j
have been rather struck with the contrast between ;
the discussion to-day and that of yesterday and .
j the day before. To-day there is a proposition
| before the House to give a pension to the widow
' and children of a deceased and meritorious soldier
! and officer, in relation to whose merits there is no ,
I difference of opinion. Yesterday the discussion ,
! was on the propriety of conferring an empty title ,
upon a living soldier, who is sufficiently independ-
ent of such a title to sustain himself and family
in aJBuence and plenty. While our sympathies |
run with the vanities of this world, I hope that !
| we will not so forget that which is due to the ne-
I cessities of the widows of those who have fallen
| in the service of their country. My friend from
! Tennessee, [Mr. Harris,] who spoke in opposi- ,
I tion to this measure, stated that the strong ground
: which induced him to oppose it was, that it was
: making a distinction—that it was legislating for
s classes. I am opposed to all special legislation;
I but there are cases which arise in this country,
j which have arisen,and which will rise again, that
i can be only met and provided for by special legis-
j lation, and I conceive this to be one of these
! cases. I am in favor of it for another reason,
' directly the opposite of that which the gentleman
• urges against it. I desire to establish a precedent
; by this special legislation. I am in favor of ex-
i tending the rights and privileges which the special
I legislation m this particular case will confer upon '
1 the widow of General Worth to the widow of
every soldier whose husband has peiished m the
1 service of his country. "Why do you say to the
widow of the soldier that she shall receive his
; half-pay for five years? Is that any remuneration
i to her for the loss she has sustained ?
' When war is declared, you call upon the free*
i men of this country to rally under its banner.
' To whom do you make the appeal? Is it to the
! wealthy men who, if they lose their lives, leave ;
Mr. SACKETT. 1 am in favor of the passage
of this bill. The reasons why I am in favor of it
have been properly presented to the House by
gentlemen who have taken the same view of the
question. Therefore I do not propose to go into
detail, or present in detail the reasons why I am
in favor of its passage. I propose to answer some
of the objections which have been urged against
its passage. First, it is said that this bill will be
used as a precedent, and will be calculated to
secure the passage of other bills which may not
have merit in themselves. 1, for one, am not
afraid to do right in this case, for fear some per-
son will do wrong in another. Next it is said
that this bill is a violation of principle, a violation
of the general laws of the land on the subject of
pensions. 1 am at issue totally upon that allega-
tion. I deny that it is a violation of any principle,
a violation of any law.
Mr STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire the
gentleman to explain the reasons why the widow
of an officer who dies in his bed of disease, is en-
titled to a larger pension than if he fell upon the
field of battle.
Mr. POLK., if he did not die m battle, he died
with his harness upon him.
Mr. SACKETT. Now let me say a word upon
the question whether this law is a violation of
principle or the general laws of the land touching
pensions. What are all the private acts we pass
to grant special relief*' Are they anything but acts
made necessary, because, by the laws of the land,
the parties cannot get relief? That is the very ob-
ject and pui nose of those bills which are reported
by your Pension Committee. It is because under
the general law it is impossible for a party to se-
cure that relief which is just and equitable.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, (interrupting:.) I
desire to conect the gentleman from New York,
with reference to the general principles controlling
the action of this Government upon this subject.
It is true, when a case is presented which is meri-
torious m its character, but which, from some
technical objection, does not fall within the letter
of th%law, it is referred to the legislative depart-
ment of the Government, and they allow the pen-
sion where the objection is strictly technical, and
i the claim every way meritorious. But in these
. allowances, in ninety-nine cases out of every hun-
! dred, from the beginning of this Government
i down to the present hour, the legislative depart-
l ment of this Government has been controlled by
| the principles of the general low. In amount they
| have almost universally conformed to the pension
1 law, and in the duration of pensions they have
almost universally done so. Congress has only
i relieved cases from technical objections. But you
I will violate the general principles that have here-
! to fore controlled the action of not only the Execu-
; tive but of the Legislative Departments of the Gov-
ernment by the passage of this bill, because you
; will allow a larger amount of pensions, and for a
I longer duration of time than the general law
I allows, or than ninety-mne out of one hundred of
| the special acts havejillowed.
Mr. SACKETT. I will come to that view of
. the subject in a moment. 1 was about stating that
i all special legislation is merely equitable relief,
j That is the ground of all special legislation. It
