1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
is equitable relief as against the arbitrary condi-
tions of the general law, placing the act itself upon
themerits of theapplication, and granting reliefer
not according to the merits of the case.
But, sir, let us go still farther. The whole pen-
sion system is but special legislation. The general
law itself is but a law to grant equitable relief to
those who have been in the service of the country,
as the exigencies of the case seem to require. All
our spe^al laws are based upon the justice and
equity of the c«se as between the Government and
the parties seeking relief. Now, sir, with respect
to the amount of the pension, that must be decided,
as in everv case, upon a principle of equity be-
tween the Government and the claimant. The
question 111 this particular case is, whether the pen-
sion asked for, and reported in favor of, is such a
pension as the Government ought not to grant;
whether it is more than the merits of the case call
for; Why. that is in exact harmony, not only
with our general pension laws, but with every
special act we have ever passed, and it cannot be
distinguished in any respect from them. The
claimant comes to the law-making power and asks
for such relief as she believes herself entitled to;
and the question is whether she is entitled to it.
The principle is to grant such relief as she is enti-
tled to. Now, is fifty dollars a month too much
for the widow of Major General Worth, one of
the most gallant officers the American Army and
service has ever known? That is the question.
There is no violation of principle. It is a question
between the claimant and the iiovernment on prin-
ciples of equity. I do not think the amount too
much, and therefore I am in favor of the bill.
Mr. SKELTON. Mr. Speaker, this question,
which has been presented to the House to-day, is
only one of a succession of questions that have
been discussed since I have had the honor of a
seat upon this floor. I have witnessed with deep
interest the discussion of all those questions involv-
ing the principles which are involved in this one.
Sir, when an attempt was first made to introduce
this bill into the House, I objected to it without
having the privilege of an explanation, and I there-
fore embrace this opportunity to present my views
briefly with regard to this and all other similar
measures. It is not simply a question whether
we shall give to the widow of Major General
Worth a pension for life. It does not stand iso-
lated and alone as a question of that kind. If it
did, and if this was to be the end of it, we should
not waste our time in discussing the question.
The amount is too small to be worth even a single
speech upon this floor with regard to it. But, sir,
it involves a principle—an important principle—a
vital principle—a principle that strikes at the very
root and foundation of our republican institutions.
It is because I believe that the question presented
is ofthismuch importance, that I deem it necessary
to occupy the time of the House in giving my
views briefly upon the subject, and thereasons why
I shall not vote for the bill. We have, as has been
remarked, had within the last few days, a discus-
sion upon the propriety of conferring an honorary
title upon a distinguished soldier of the nation. I
confess I have been surprised at the sentiments
which have been uttered upon this floor. What
is it proposed to do ? Why, sir, not only to grant
the honors of title and nobility, but it is proposed
also, to involve the country in large and extrava-
gant expenditures of the people's hard-earned
money.
Sir, it has been asked whether justice does not
demand that the widow of General Worth shall
he paid this pension for life. I answer, no. Sir,
you will violate the principles of justice by grant-
ing this pension, and it is for this reason that I am
opposed to granting it. General Worth, when he
entered the American Army, entered it with a
knowledge of the risks to his life, with a knowl-
edge of the pay he would receive, with a knowl-
edge of the law with regard to pensions, and he
knew very well that the laws were against grant-
ingapension to his widow. On what principle,
then, does the widow of General Worth come
here and demand as an act of justice that we shall
give her a pension for life ?
But, sir, with regard to the principle involved
in this matter, what are we proposing to do ? We
are proposing to grant honors, and distinctions,
and emoluments to the Army and Navy. We
are elevating the military above the civil author-
ities. Why, the time is rapidly approaching
when honors will only be conferred upon military
men, and military fame be the only passport to ,
the distinctions and honors of our country. Where
is all this going to lead us? We have already
granted pensions of millions and millions to our
soldiers, and their widows and children. We are
building up a military republic. Let us go 011
and grant this pension to the widow of General
Worth, and then to-morrow grant the lieutenant
generalship to Scott, and what will you want
next ? You will want a field marshal, and after
that you will want an emperor. [Laughter.]
Where are we going? What, 1 ask the House, is
to be the end of this thing ?
Mr. FREEMAN, (interrupting.) I ask the
gentleman if he did not, during the last session,
advocate a bill granting a similar pension to a
widow from New Jersey r
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir, I did not.
Mr. PREEMAN. Did not the gentleman ad-
vocate a claim of a similar character ?
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir, I did not advocate
any claim of the kind.
Mr. POLK. Did not the gentleman, during the
last session, advocate a claim for a pension coming
from the State ofNew Jersey? If he did, will he
tell me whether that case came under the pension
laws ?
Mr. SKELTON. I do notconsiderthataques-
tion to the purpose, and, therefore, I decline to
answer it.
Mr. POLK. Let me ask the gentleman one
other question.
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir, I cannot yield the
floor to the gentleman. Why, sir, look at the
military establishment of our country, look at the
military academies, and the naval academies, for
the education of our officers. Look at the efforts
made by parents to get their children into those
institutions. Why do they desire it? They seek
to get their sons into the military schools, that they
may be educated at the expense of the Govern-
ment. Why? Because, after they have been ed-
ucated at the expense of the Government, from-
the hard earnings ofthelaborious, industrious farm- ]
ers and mechanics of the land, you place them as i
a superior class ofthecommunity, receivinghonors,
and wealth, and pay, as long as they are in the
service of the country. You first educate them at
the public expense; then you give them better pay
than they could obtain if they had not been thus
educated at the public expense;and after they have
been pampered, fed, and kept in idleness, and lux-
. ury, and licentiousness, when they grow old and
die, why, we must grant pensions to the widows
and children of those men who have been paupers
from their childhood up to the day of their death.
It is time we should pause and consider these
things. It is time we should give a rebuke to this
military spirit.
1 have heard gentlemen say upon this floor, that
combinations have been entered into to cheat the
soldier out of his just and hard-earned laurels, for
the benefit of civilians. But, sir, the reverse is the
truth. Our military men have cheated the civil-
ians out of their hard-earned laurels. Who is the
greatest contributor to the prosperity and happi-
ness of our country, the noisy, boasting, bragga-
docio soldier, or the hardy pioneer who goes forth
into the western wilderness to fell the mighty
forests, to cultivate the fields, and at last to lay
himself down in that inhospitable land a martyr
to the progress of the civil arts—a martyr to the
cause of civil liberty ? Why, sir, the true glory
of the American nation is in the peaceful arts.
We should awake from this vain chase after mili-
tary glory. We should consider the brightest
path to fame to be that which leads through the
peaceful pursuits of life, and the highest honor of
our country, to consist in the progress, improve-
ment, and development of American arts, and the
establishment of this mighty empire as a nation
devoted to peace, to literature, to intelligence, and
to the useful arts.
These, sir, are the reasons why I shall vote
against this bill. These are the reasons why I
shall vote against all similar bills, and these and |
other reasons—which I shall take another oppor- ,
tunity of presenting to the House—will prompt '
me, as long as I have the honor of a seat upon this '
floor, to pursue the straight-forward course which ,
I have marked out for myself in opposition to all J
such measures. j
Mr. DEAN obtained the floor. i
Mr. POLK. I desire to ask the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Skelton] a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman from New York
will, I am sure, yield me the floor for the purpose
of asking a single question. I ask the gentleman
from New Jersey if he did not advocate and vote
for a bill, the last session of Congress, similar to
the one now before the House?
Mr. DEAN. I do not yield the floor for any
such purpose.
Mr. POLK. I ask leave to read a bill which
answers the whole argument of the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Skelton.] It is the fol-
lowing:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is here-
by, authorized and directed to pay, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to John Moore'White,
son and sole heir of Major John White, a major in the army
of the Revolution, and stain at the battle of Germantown, or
his heirs, the seven years'half pay to which Major Whilh
would have been entitled, had he not died before a resolva
of Congress passed the twenty-fourth of August, one thou-
sand seven hundred and eighty.
" Approved, August 26, 1852."
Now, I understand the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dean] yields me the floor to make a
single comment upon that bill. The gentleman
from New Jersey advocates a great principle here
in relation to the bill now before the House He
would deny to a widow, with three children clus-
tering around her unprotected, without the means
of procuring the ordinary necessities of life, the
bounty of the Government, when at the very last
session of Congress, he introduced and voted for
the bill I have just read. Now where is your
principle ?
Mr. SKELTON. I will answer the gentleman,
with the permission of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. DEAN. I cannot give way for this dis-
cussion longer.
Mr. BARRERE, (interposing,) from the Com-
; mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly en-
rolled the following bills; which were signed by
the Speaker, viz:
An act making further appropriations for the
construction of roads in the Territory of Minne-
sota;
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to es-
tablish the Territorial Government of Oregon,"
approved August 14, 1848;
An act granting the Sackett's Harbor and El-
lisburg Railroad Company the right of way through
the military .reservation in the State of New
York;
An act for the construction of military roads in
Oregon;
An act authorizing certain soldiers in the late
war with Great Britain to surrender their bounty
lands, and to locate others in lieu thereof; and
An act for the relief of Osborn Cross, of the
United States Army.
Mr. SKELTON. I trust the gentleman from
New York will permit meto answer thegentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Polk.] In the first place,
I will state that that question has no relevancy
whatever to the question under consideration. I
will answer the question, however, out of courtesy
to the gentleman, though I deny his right or the
right of any other gentleman upon this floor to
catechise me upon my past conduct. I am here
as the representative of an independent district in
the State ofNew Jersey, to execute fearlessly and
honestly my convictions of duty as they present
themselves to my mind. I did not advocate upon
this floor the bill he has just read.
Mr. POLK. I must again ask the indulgence
of the gentleman from New York for a moment's
explanation. I did not deny that the gentleman
is a representative upon this floor of a portion of
the freemen of the State ofNew Jersey; and I do
not claim any right, except the ordinary courtesy
of the House, to catechise him; but when I hear
him assert a principle so directly the reverse of a
principle which he advocated in a previous session
of Congress, I have the right to bring him to the
mark and expose him, and I will do it.
Mr. SKELTON. I hope I shall be allowed to
say that I have not spoken on this Subject before
since the commencement of this session of Con-
gress.
