234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
Mr. DEAN. I wiJl not yield for this discussion
longvr. I trust the gentlemen from Tennessee
and iM>w Jersey are now entirely satisfied, and I
will proceed with a single remark upon the subject
under consideration.
[ did not rise, Mr. Speaker, to make a speech
upon this question, but to state a fact which, I
F resume, is not generally known to this House,
understand that the widow of General Worth,
with her orphan children, are left in such a desti-
tute situation that the house which was owned by
the General at the time of his death has been sold
under an incumbrance, and they are now turned
out of doors, and are living upon the charity of
their friends.
Now, I have as much objection to any legisla-
tion which will have a tendency to elevate the mil-
itary above the civil branch of the Government
as any gentleman upon this floor, but while I am
opposed to that, I recognize the duty of this Gov-
ernment to take care of the widows and orphans
of those who have fallen in the service of the coun-
try, whether they perished in battle or in conse-
quence of disease contracted while on duty prior
or subsequent to an engagement. And it seems
to me the sum proposed is not too great. Six
hundred dollars is not too much for the support
of a widow and three minor children.
As to the principle of which the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Skelton] speaks as being in-
volved, I have only to say that there are always
exceptions to every rule; indeed it has come to
be a maxim, " exceptions make the rule." We
have a Committee on Invalid Pensions expressly
appointed for the purpose of reporting exceptions
to this rule. Their peculiar province is to exam-
ine and ascertain when an officer or soldier, or
those connected with them, are entitled to the
bounty of the Government. We have general
rules; but whenever there are meritorious claims
presented to this Committee on Invalid Pensions,
they report them, although they are exceptions;
because, if they came within the rule, they would
receive a pension at the Department without ap-
plying here.
As to the merits of General Worth, I shall say
nothing. He needs no eulogium from me. He
stands before the country and the world as one of
the first military men of the age; and the history of
his country is his history. Having lost his life
in our service, I regard it only as an act of simple
justice for the House to concur in the report of the
Committee of Conference. But as this matter has
been discussed until almost every one has had
something to say upon it, I will4conclude by mov-
ing the previous question. .
Mr. HALL. I will inquire of the Speaker if,
in case this report is not adopted, it will not be
competent for the House to appoint another Com-
mittee of Conference?
The SPEAKER. That will be for the House
to determine.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the report,
Mr. MILLER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Will it be in order
to move to lay the report upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is m order.
Several Members. Oh, take a direct vote.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I will not make
the motion.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 98, nays 48; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Babcock, Bartlett, Bell, Bowne. Brass,
Breckinridge, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,GeOrge H.
Brown, K. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain,
Church well, Clingmaii, Conger, Cottman, Curtis, Darby,
George T. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Florence, Free-
man, fhomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gilmore, Gorman.
Green, Grey, Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hascall,
Henn, Howard, Thos. M. Howe, Jackson, Jenkins,Daniel
T. Jones, Landry, Little, Marshall, Martin, McDonald, Mc-
Nair, Meade, Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore,
John Moore, Morrison, Murray, Newton, Samuel W. Par
ker, Penn, Polk, Porter, Preston, Price, Riddle, Robbins,
Bobie, Sabine, Sackett, Savage, Schermerhorn, Scurit,
David'L. Seymour, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Frederick P.
Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens
Stone, Strother, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston'
Townshend, Walsh, Watkins, Addison White, Alexander
White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—98.
NAYS—Messrs.Willis Allen, Ashe, Averett, Barrere,
Beale, Brenton, Buell, Cartter, Clark, Clemens, Cobb, John
G. Davis, Duncan, Giddings, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Hen-
dricks, Hillyer, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, John W.
Howe, Hunter. Ingersoll, Audrew Johnson, James John-
son, George W. Jones, Letcher, Lockhart, Mason, Meach-
am, Millson, Morehead, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Penniman,
Perkins, Robinson, Ross, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, Venable, Walbridge, Welch,
and Woodward—48.
So the report was concurred in.
Mr. POLK. I move that the vote just taken,
by which the House adopted the report, be recon-
sidered, and that the motion to reconsider do lie
upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Elections.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is it in order to move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPliAKER. It is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I submit that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say that the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Smith] is entitled
to the floor in Committee of the Whole. I do not
1 know whether he desires to speak to-day or not,
but if there is not some special reason for going
into Committee of the Whole, I hope the com-
! mittees will be called for reports.
Mr. MARSHALL. I insist upon my motion.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 7ft, noes not counted. !
M*. FLORENCE. I desire to ask the Speaker !
one question, which can only be asked in the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no power to
! answer any question, the House having deter-
i mined to go into Committee of the Whole.
The rules being suspended, the House according-
ly resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Richardson in the
1 chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 335, making appropriations to supply the
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal
/year ending the 30th June, 1853, (Mr. Smith, of
Alabama, being entitled to the floor.)
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 owe it to you, Mr. Chair-
man, and to the^ committee .who composed the
House a few minutes ago, to say, that when the
House was in committee yesterday, I did not re-
sign the floor; I merely yielded for A motion that
the committee rise. I supposed the House was only
competent to correct what I conceived to be the
journal of the committee—the report in the Daily
! Globe—and hence I desired to ask the Speaker in
relation to it, when the House was about going
into committee. I have no desire particularly to
occupy the floor for any length of time. I desire
to say a few words and then the gentleman from
Alabama may go on. I ask the courtesy of the
gentleman to allow me to occupy a few minutes.
^ Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permis-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will
merely state that I was sitting by him when he
addressed the Chair, and upon my suggestion he
i yielded to a motion that the committee rise. He
| aid not give up the floor at all.
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and Tennessee,
that his recollection is very distinct that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] took
his seat, and the Chair recognized the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Smith.]
| Mr. ORR. I think the Chair is mistaken. The
i gentleman from Pennsylvania only yielded for ex-
planation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
if he is mistaken, the reporters are also mistaken,
as well as the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Harris,] and the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. i
Smith.] !
Mr. ORR. Some of us who were near the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania know that he did not
resign the floor for any ether purpose than for a
motion that the conimittee rise.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I do not know
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania yielded
the floor or not, but I know the gentleman from
Alabama addressed the Chair, and was distinctly
recognized by the Chair, and at my request, yield-
ed the floor for a motion by me that the commit-
tee rise. Upon my motion, the committee did
rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now, if the Chairman will i
| permit me to make a single remark, I will waive
! my right to the floor and allow the gentleman from
f Alabama to proceed.
Just as I was concluding my remarks, I stated
to the committee that I did not desire to occupy
the floor any considerable time, but merely de-
sired to be informed upon a point suggested by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman.]
Mr. SMITH. I do not know how long a time
the gentleman desires to occupy the floor.
| Mr. FLORENCE. I desire only three or four
! minutes of time.
! Mr. SMITH. If I am to speak at all, I wish
to go on now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wilt say that there will
be less time consumed in making the remarks I
desire to, than by the conversation about the right
to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I shall claim the full hour when
I begin.
Mr. FLORENCE. I waive all right, if I have
any.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, then occupied the
floor for an hour, in favor of the bill to confer the
title of lieutenant general by brevet. [His re-
marks are published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MARSHALL obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. McNAIR, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Richardson) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the-state of the Union generally under
£onsideration, and particularly H ouse bil 1 No. 335,
" making appropriations to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30th, 1853,"and had come to no resolution there-
on.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BELL. I appeaf to the gentleman to with-
draw the motion, to allow me to introduce a bill
merely for the purpose of reference.
Mr. McMULLIN. There is no quorum pregr
ent, and I think the House had better adjourn. ■
Mr. BELL. But no one will take exception
to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are two or three com-
munications upon the Speaker's table, which I
understand it is very necessary should be referred
to the appropriate committees. I ask that the gen-
tleman will withdraw the motion to adjourn, and
allow these communications to be taken up and
referred.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting an explanatory communication from
the Auditor of the Post Office Department, in re-
lation to the estimates submitted by his Bureau for
the year ending the 30th June, 1854; which was
referred to the Committee on Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
TREASURY REPORT. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of* the Speaker if he has yet received the annual
communication of the Secretary of the Treasury
to this House and to Congress.
The SPEAKER. Thereare various communi-
cations upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES. Nearly half of this session is
already gone, and it is time the annual report from
the Treasury Department was before Congress.
The SPEAKER. There is one other commu-
nication from the Treasury Department upon the
Speaker's table, which wiU be presented to the
House, if it is their pleasure to receive it.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, containing a copy of a letter from the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, recommending an appro-
priation by Congress of #1,800 for the payment
of Willard Richards, while acting as Secretary of
Utah, under the appointment of Governor Young,
and requesting that the necessary provisions be
made bylaw, as recommended by the Comptroller.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose the com-
