1859.
Mr. GWIN I withdraw the motion.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
RECESS.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to submit a motion
now, which 1 cannot say is exactly appropriate
to the season, but which becomes incidentally ap-
propriate, 1 think, as if this were within or before
the holiday season. That motion is, that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next. I make the motion with great
reluctance, Mr. President, and ut the suggestion
of some friends who pointed out to me a speci.il
reason why this week should be considered as
still within the holidays. We all know, that on
the day after to-morrow, is to take place a very
solemn and interesting ceremony in this city—
the inauguration of the equestrian statue of An-
drew Jackson. Persons connected with the Sen-
ate in various official capacities, like the rest of us,
desire to attend that celebration. If we should sit
to-morrow we shall give them business to occupy
them during the next day, and they will not be
able to asail themselves of the privilege, of which
every American citizen here desires to avail him-
self, to witness that ceremony.
In addition to that, I would mention, m regard
to the speedy passage of bills that are before us,
that if any. gentleman will examine the actual con-
dition of business between the two Houses he will
see that very little is to be gained by passing pri-
vate bills until the other House shall agree to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bills on the Speak-
er's table.
I had occasion to state here the other day as a
reason why I was opposed to making any amend-
ment to private bills sent from the House, unless
it was absolutely indispensable, that, according to
a statement I had prepared, there were more than
two hundred and seventy bills passed by the Sen-
ate during this Congress still lying upon the
Speaker's table of the House undisposed of, and,
so far as I understand, untouched. I hope, there-
fore, that under these circumstances this Friday
will be considered as an appendix to the holidays,
and that we shall give it the same favorable con-
sideration, and afford the same relief for ourselves
and others as heretofore.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote for the motion of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina with the
hope that the invitation given to both Houses of
Congress to attend the ceremonies of the 8th of
January will be accepted and acted on by every
member. I think that much is due to the name,
and fame, and character, and services of the de-
parted patriot, and I am sure it will meet the warm
approbation of the American people.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I can seenone-
cessity for adjourning over to-morrow in order to
attend the celebration of Saturday. I presume that
without an adjournment there is no Senator who
will not be willing and ready early on Saturday
morning to attend it.
As to the state of business referred to by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, it is well
known that we have upon our calendar, bills which
have passed the House, which will occupy more
time than we have to spare, so that we have plenty
to do. There is plenty of business in a state of
readiness for our action, which requires no action
on the j^rt of the House. Under this state of
things I ask for the yeas and nays upon the mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being taken upon the motion, it
was agreed to.
BRITISH COLOSY- IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate, at this time, to make what
may be considered a personal explanation. The
Senate will recollect that I some time since intro-
duced a resolution, which was adopted, calling
for some information from the proper Department
respecting the establishment of a new colony in
the Bay of Honduras, called " the Colony of the
Bay of .Islands," which was established in July
last. We have received the answer of the Presi-
dentand Department of State; and they state, what
is altogether correct, that they know nothing about
it. This Administration knows nothing upon the
subject. But in the correspondence which has
been transmitted to us, there is a very extraordi-
nary fact disclosed; and I, for one, as one of the
Senators who voted for the ratification of the treaty
of 1850, desire, at the same time that this corre-
spondence goes out to the world, to let it be dis-
tinctly understood that I am not amongst those
who at that time entertained the construction which
seems to have been put upon that treaty. If I had
been of opinion that any such construction would
have been put upon it, 1 should never have voted
for its ratihcation.
Mr. Everett transmits with his own report, let-
ters to and from Air. Clayton and Sir Henry
Bulwer, who were the joint negotiators of the
treaty; and to them is appended the quasi, and
conditional, if you please so to call it, ratification
of the treaty by the British Government. It will
be recollected that the treaty provided that there
should be no settlement, occupation, colonization,
or dominion exercised by either party over Cen-
tral America. -The ratification transmitted by the
British Government is in these words:
" 111 proceeding to the exchange of the ratifications ofthe
convention, signed at Washington, on the 19th of April,
I860, between iter Britannic Ma;est\ and the United States
of America, relative to the establishment of a coiniuuiiica
tion by ship canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
the underfilled, her Britannic Majesty's Plenipotentiary,
has received her Majesty's Distinctions to declare that her
Majesty does not understand tile engagements of that con-
vention to apply to her Majesty's settlement at Honduras,
or to its dependencies. Her Majesty's ratitieation of the
said convention is exchanged under the explicit declaration
above-mentioned.
'■ Done at Washington, the 29th day of June, 1830.
'• H. L. BULWER."
Now, it is obvious that the word "dependen-
cies" gives as ample sphere of operations to any
diplomatic ambidexterity as can possibly be re-
quired. In answer to that, Mr. Clayton says,
that the negotiators on the part of the Govern-
ments understood the matter alike; that is, that
neither of them understood Central America to be
Qentral America at all, but that both of them un-
derstood that upon the face of the treaty, though
Central America was included, yet the British
claims thereon were excluded. Instead of putting
that fact in the treaty itself, as should have been
done, or even sending that understanding to the
Senate at the time of the ratification of the treaty,
nothing of the sort was done. The treaty em-
braced Central America; and it was voted upon
by the Senate under that impression. But now it
seems that both negotiators said they did not mean
Central America, but only a portion of it. Mr.
Claytor. says—and the reason 1 introduce the sub-
ject now is, because I desire to disavow for myself
the fact here stated:
"The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate, Hon. Wm. E. King, informs me that 'the
Senate perfectly understood that the treaty did not include
Briti-h Honduras.' It\ia< understood toapplyto, and does
include all tlie Central AmericanStates ofGautemala, Hon- |
duras, San Salvador, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, with their
just limits and proper dependencies."
The treaty does not make any mention of Hon-
duras at all, either of British or American Hon-
duras; but no man denies—the British Government
concedes, indeed—that it is part of Central Amer-
ica. Mr. President, for myself, when I voted for
the ratification of that treaty, I had not the slightest
doubt that it prevented the British Government
from establishing any colonial dependency in that
part of the country. My friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Bright,] and I think my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Chase,] and I know my colleague [Mr.
Felch] will recollect that I distinctly stated that
my object in voting for that treaty was to sweep
away all British claim to Central America. I must
confess that my honorable friend from Indiana
warned me against voting for the treaty. Whether
that warning was the effect of instinct or of judg-
ment I know not; but he certainly anticipated no
good from the treaty, and voted against it.
In reference to the statement mentioned in the
paragraph which I last read, I have called this
morning to see our late respected Presiding Officer,
whose absence we all so much lament, but who I
hope will soon be restored to us, for I am happy
to inform the Senate that I found him better. I con-
versed with Colonel King, and he authorized me to
say that there is an entire mistake upon this point.
He told me that after this quasi ratification came
from England on the 29th of June, he had an inter-
view with Mr. Clayton, who desired to know if
the treaty should be sent back to the Senate for
its action upon this conditional ratification. He
told Mr. Clayton, that if it came there for that
purpose, it would not get a vote in the Senate. And
that till this day he supposed the project of accept-
ing this declaration had been abandoned, and that
the treaty stood upon its own provisions. Colonel
King further said he had some general idea of a
claim of England to cut log-wood in Honduras,
but he never thought of its being set up as the
foundation of a pretension to establish a colony
there.
' It will be observed that the very terms of the
treaty seem framed to exclude such an effort; for
not only does it provide that neither party shall for-
tify or colonize, but that they shall not occupy any
part ofthe country; and now we have the authentic
claim to establish colonies in Central America, but
to what extent we are not yet told. Now, 1 am
free to say, that this course on our part, furnishes
a far better excuse for the conduct of England,
than I had the least idea she possessed. Our ne-
gotiator and the Executive Department have com-
mitted a great error, unprecedented, I do believe,
in the history of diplomacy; and regardless of the
constitutional duties of the Senate, have proclaimed
the ratification of the treaty, with an understand-
ing changing its construction and vital point,
without the knowledge of that body. My object,
as I stated, was to sweep Central America clear
of all foreign influence, which, by its terms, the
treaty effected peaceably. If it did not effect that
object, there could not have been the least motive
on the part of the United States to enter into this
joint arrangement. If we did not effect that, we
effected nothing.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the date of the rati-
fication of the treaty ?
Mr. CASS. The ratifications were mutually
exchanged on the 4th of July, 1850, and the note
of Mr. Bulwer is dated on the 29th of June pre-
ceding. Between the 29th of June and the 4th of
July, Mr. Clayton had this interview with Mr.
King, in which Mr. King told him that if the
treaty came back to the Senate with that quasi rati-
fication, it would not get a vote here, as we all
know it would not, and he supposed it had been
abandoned. He had no idea whatever that there
was any condition attached to it.
Mr. DOWNS, at a subsequent period of the
day, rose and said: Mr. President, when the Sen-
ator from Michigan made his explanation this
morning in reference to the papers which have
been laid on our desks, concerning the U'eaty with
Great Britain upon the subject of Central Amer-
ica, I was not in my seat. I had been called from
the Chamber but a moment before, and I therefore
could not then make the explanation which I in-
tended to malre on that subject. I rise now to ex-
press the very great astonishment which I felt
when I saw, in the Union of this morning, the
documents from the Secretary of State's Office. •
I was surprised to see the construction which Mr.
Clayton, the late Secretary of State, placed upon
that treaty. I, sir, as well as the Senator from
Michigan, certainly never understood the treaty
in that form; and I think I may venture to go fur-
ther, and say that no member of the Senate so
understood it.
It will be recollected by yourself, Mr. President,
and others'Vho were here at that time, that the
treaty was entered into with great circumspection
and great caution. Various conversations passed
between members of the Senate and the Secretary
of State in reference to it. There was a great ob-
ject to be obtained, and I recollect, for myself,
that one great point with me was to get the British
out of Central America. I thought that was the
whole object of the treaty. I should never have
concurred in it if I had not supposed that it ef-
fected that object. The only doubt I had was,
whether the expression, " Central America,'' was
sufficient to embrace Honduras; but I was assured
by the Secretary of State that it was well under-
stood by both parties that that was the very object
of the term " Central America;" and it was only
on that assurance that 1, as well as many others
who were consulted, voted for the ratification of
the treaty. Why, sir, if the construction of Mr.
Clayton and Sir Henry Bulwer were to be allowed,
it would, in my opinion, exhibit this Government
in the strange spectacle of making a treaty for a
particular object—to get clear of the title and claim
of Great Britain in a particular section—and then,
by an explanation, rendering null and void the ob-
ject which was in view.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this exposi-
tion explains a mystery which has hitherto both-
ered me a good deal. It explains why it is that,
notwithstanding this treaty was made for the ex-
