288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
press purpose of getting clear of the title of Great j
Britain to any part of Central America, she has
been setting up 'hat title and acting upon it ever
since. That I have never heretofore been able to
understand, but I understand it now; because we
have the authority of a former Secretary of State,
(Mr. Clayton,) which does not seem to have been  
controverted by subsequent Secretaries of State,
justifying the construction of the British Minister,
that British Honduras, with its dependencies, was
not included within the operation of the treaty.
By this construction the whole question is opened,
and the whole of Central America is left a prey to
the operations of Great Britain; for " dependen-
cies" is so vague a term that it may be extended
so as to include not only all the islands in the
neighborhood of Honduras, but the whole of
Central America.
1 do not intend to discuss the subject now,
though I may do so hereafter; but, sir, fortunate-
ly for the country, I suppose that it will be taken
for granted by this body, that a treaty solemnly
agreed to, solemnly ratified, and the ratifications
of it exchanged, is the law of the land which binds
the nation, and that the construction given to it
by a Secretary of State in an unauthorized manner,
when the ratifications were about to be exchanged,
will not be binding law. And what a wide door
shall we open for future controversies, if we admit
the principle that a paper of such a character as
the note of the Secretary of State is to bind the
Government.
I would ask Senators to look at the date of the
letter appended to this document, written by Mr.
Clayton, and addressed to Sir Henry Bulwer.
By examining it they will see that there is a very
great probability that Mr. Clayton acted in this
matter on his own authority, without consulting
even the President or the Cabinet. You will recol-
lect, Mr. President, that on the 4th of July, the
day of the exchange of the ratifications of the
treaty, the then President of the United States
was taken sick, and died a few days afterwards.
He was certainly confined to his bed on the fifth of
that month, and I infer from this circumstance, 1
that Mr. Clayton exchanged the ratifications of
the treaty without the authority of the Cabinet or j
the Presifent; and without consulting the Senate,
although they had been consulted in every prior
stage of the proceeding.
Why did he not consult with the President, or
the Cabinet, or the Senate, before adopting a con-
struction which he ought to have "known would
not be approved of? As a proof of this, 1 would
ask any impartial man, on every side of the Cham-
ber, whether he would have voted for the confirm-
ation of the treaty if such a construction had been
given to it at the time? There are many Senators
here now who were then members of the body.
Is there any one of them who would have voted
for the treaty with that construction? I think not;
I take it for granted that no one would have as-
sented to such a construction; I certainly would
not have voted for the treaty if I thought there
would be any attempt so to construe it.
I did not rise to discuss the subject; I merely
wished to make this explanation, and to express
my utter astonishment at this portion of our diplo-
matic correspondence; and I think that when the
country see it, it will strike them with as much as-
tonishment as it struck me this morning, when I
saw it for the first time.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have not read
the letter which has been referred to, but I have
some impressions in regard to this treaty, and I
am not prepared, at this time, to go into the dis-
cussion, because it is necessary to understand cer-
tai-- historical facts before doing so. Before the
right of Great Britain, to what is called the " Ba-
lize,"can be discussed understandingly, it is neces-
sary to have a knowledge of many facts. But,
sir, I wish to say m this premature stage of this
business, that it is known to such Senators as
have investigated the history of this subject, that
Great Britain, a long period ago—I cannot speak
with accuracy as to the date, but I think as far
back as 1780—made a treaty with Spain by which
she acquired ihe perpetual right to cut logwood,
and other privileges connected with it, in the Ter-
ritory of Honduras; and she has, for a very long
time, exercised jurisdiction over certain portions
of th.it territory, although, according to my recol- i
lection, that would not be strictly authorized by !
the treaty, for the right was limited to the privilege
of cutting logwood and other woods of that de-
scription. This subject was under consideration,
and somewhat discussed, when a question was
raised upon an application made here to give aid
and assistance to Yucatan, in a revolution which
the people of that State were carrying on.
I throw out these suggestions to the considera-
tion of gentlemen more for the purpose of get-
ting them to reflect upon them than of indicating
any opinion which I entertain; but I will say that
the question upon my own mind was, whether the
treaty with Spain, to which I referred, could be
considered, in the absence of all reference to it in
our treaty with Great Britain, to be abrogated.
That was one of the difficulties about the treaty of
1850 which operated upon my mind, because I
knew these historical facts, and I suppose many
other gentlemen knew them too. I supposed, then,
that the question would arise whether or not the
terms of this new treaty abrogated the treaty made
between Spain and England. But, sir, I will not
enter upon that question. I have thought that so
much as I have said ought to go out with the sug-
gestions made by the gentlemen who have brought
this topic before the Senate. I leave it for the
present; but I shall be quite willing, so far as I
am concerned, to have it discussed, for I freely
admit that I have not been without some anxiety
in regard to it.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I remember very
well the great embarrassment which was felt by
many Senators in voting for this treaty when it
was originally presented; and I recollect also, with
perfect distinctness, that my honorable friend from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] said at the time that he
voted for its ratification upon the sole ground that
it excluded all pretense for future English inter-
ference in Central America. The covenants of the
treaty are indeed expressed in the broadest lan-
guage possible. Neither party is to " occupy, or
fortify, or colonize, or assume any dominion over
Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or
any part of Central America." Now, for the pur-
pose of showing what the British authorities at
that time conceived to beincluded within the limits
of Central America, 1 wish to read an extract
from a work which I have before me. It is John-
son's Gazetteer, published in London in 1851, a
work of very high authority. Its description of
Central America is in these words:
"Central America is the long and comparatively narrow
region between latitude 7° and 22° north, and longitude 78°
and 94° west, connecting the continents of North and South
America, and comprising, besides the Central American
Confederation, Yucatan, parts of Mexico and New Gra-
nada, Poyais, the Mosquito coast, and British Honduras."
That is the description which an eminent British
authority furnishes to us of Central America. That
is the description which we had a right to believe
was intended by this treaty when it was presented
to the Senate. Now, sir, I am perfectly free to
say, for one, that doubting greatly, as I did at the
time, the expediency of the ratification, I should
never have voted for it had I supposed that any
secret construction was put upon it, irreconcilable
with the obvious import of its language. It would
have been impossible, in my judgment, to have
secured its ratification, had its language conveyed
the sense which the private interpretation of Mr.
Clayton's letter puts upon it. Indeed, I doubt
whether any Senator would have voted for the
ratification, had it been supposed that at the very
time the treaty was under consideration here, a
correspondence was in progress, of which the Sen-
ate was not apprised, with the view of fixing in
advance the construction of the treaty, by impos-
ing upon its terms a sense quite different from
their natural and obvious import. I am quite con-
tent, however, to acquiesce in the suggestion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,J
and permit the subject to go over for the pres-
ent.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose that this debate
will be continued; I desire myself to say a few
words upon this subject, and I do not propose to
say them now. 1 have been astonished at the re-
marks made by my friend from Louisiana, [Mr.
Downs,] who seems to be very much surprised
at the course pursued by Mr. Clayton upon this
subject. I am astonished to hear him say he was
surprised at anything, however stupid, that might
be done by the late Secretary of State, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] for I never knew him to have any connection
with any public affair in which he did not show
himself to be excessively stupid, to say the least.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say one word with respect to myself, which
! is this, (and it is confirmatory of the statement
made by the honorable Senator from Louisiana:)
the Senate are aware, perhaps, that a great majority
of both parties were consulted in the progress of
the treaty. So far as my understanding goes, Mr.
Clayton spoke to me on the subject. I do not
know but that I saw the rough draft of it. My
understanding certainly was, that the treaty put
an end to all questions of jurisdiction on the part
of Great Britain to Central America. I agree fully
with the Senator as to that. We were consulted,
and that was our view.
[Here the conversation dropped.]
HEIRS OF WILLIAM REILY.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, thebill "for the
relief of the widow of William Reily, deceased, late
a captain in the 4th Maryland regiment of the
revolutionary Army," was read a second time, and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to its consideration. It proposes to pay to
the widow of William Reily, deceased, late acap-
tain in the 4th Maryland regiment of the revo-
lutionary Army, the sum of $2,100, together with
interest at the rate of six per centum, from the 1st
day of November, 1784, to the 1st day of March,
1852, the principal sum being the amount of the
undervalue of the certificate in which William
Reily, deceased, was paid his commutation of
half pay for life.
Mr. WALKER. Since the bill was introduced,
the widow of this revolutionary soldier has died;
consequently it will be necessary to strike out of
thebill the word "widow," and insert " heirs,"
and I now move to amend it in that manner.
The amendment was agreed to.
At the request of Mr. Batard, the report of
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims was
read; from which it appears that William Reily
was commissioned a lieutenant January 3d, 1776,
in the Maryland militia, and on the 1st of June,
1779, was commissioned a captain in the 4th
Maryland regiment, by Congress, to take rank
from October 15th, 1777, which rank he held un-
til the close of the war. From the records of the
Third Auditor's office he was returned entitled to
commutation under the resolution of March 22d,
1783, commuting the pay for life to five years'
full pay, and that he drew a certificate of com-
mutation for the sum of $2,100 under date of No-
vember 1st, 1784. The committee find this ap-
plication to be precisely similar in its nature and
merits to the claim of the heirs of Benjamin
Moore, presented at an early period of this Con-
gress for their consideration. That case, involv-
ing the same principle, and having been fully and
carefully investigated, was reportec' upon on the
5th of April last, which report the committee, for
brevity, adopt as applicable to this case; and
being fully satisfied that the depreciation of the
commutation certificates was equal to seven
eighths of their value, reported the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill, by-
striking out the words " together with interest
from the 1st day of November, 1784, to the 1st
day of March, 1852." I do not propose now to
make any remarks with reference to the allowance
of interest. I take it for granted that "this bill
cannot pass the House at the present session;
therefore I will not occupy the time of the Senate
now with the objections 1 have to the allowance
of interest. I will simply ask the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
Mr. W ALKER. I wish I had it in my power
to repeat, to the Senate the speech which was so
ably and impressively delivered a few days since,
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis.] He had occasion in the remarks he
then made, to refer to the compensation of the of-
ficers and soldiers of the Revolution; and he spoke
of the debt of gratitude which the country owed
to those who exposed their all in that memorable
contest. If I could make that speech, with the
impressiveness with which it was uttered by him,
I should have some hope that the Senate would
look at the question under consideration in its
proper light. But I cannot do it.
The plain case now before us, is this: In order
to keep up and sustain the Army of the Revolution,
theCongress of the United States had to pledge the
soldiers of that army, that in addition to the monthly
allowance which they had, they should receive half
