*40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6.
means for ascertaining the true facta liave passed
away.
I put this on the ground that the contract of the
Government has been complied with. You may-
say the officer parted with his certificate in con-
sequence of the Government's want of credit at
the time, and that he could not sell it at its value;
but we have paid our certificates according to the
contract,and with interest, and we are now asked
not only to make good its diminished value, but
to make it good with interest for sixty-seven years.
1 think it is carrying the principle of relief too far.
I think the result will be, that your continental
bills will be brought forward whenever they can
be hunted up, and we shall be told that they were
worth, not twelve cents on the dollar, but not more
than one cent, and we shall be told that those who
held them at the time they were issued, received
them probably for provisions furnished to the
troops. Their patriotism will be shown to us,
and then, with no counter evidence before us, you
will have those bills presented at the Treasury
and interest demanded upon them. I dare say
there are plenty of them remaining. Nor can I
see any difference myself in the obligation of the
Government to pay them, if you are to pay inter-
est on these certificates in consequence of their re-
duced value for your want of credit. If you are
to pay the difference of the value, with interest
upon these certificates, on no principle thftt I can see
could you refuse to pay the continental bills, with
interest upon them from the time they were issued.
[ cannot sanction the principle of the allowance
of interest. If the facts are true as regards the
depreciation of the value of the certificates, I may
not object to reimburse them as a gratuity. But
I will not violate a great general principle, which I
think necessary to preserve the Government from
peculations to a great extent. I do not think the
Government should pay interest, except in cases
of contract. I will not vote for a bill which in-
volves the payment of interest on a claim which
may not have been presented during the period of
thirty or forty years. This does not, therefore,
in my opinion, rest on the ground of a contract;
if it did, I should say we were bound to pay the
interest, no matter what was the lapse of time; but
in this c:se, the contract has been complied with.
The commutation certificates have been constantly
presented—very few are remaining—and they have
always been paid. I cannot, therefore, vote for
this bill, which will mstke the Government not
only pay the commutation, according to the con- [
tract, but will compel us to give a gratuity, and
not only give a gratuity, but will lead us to adopt
the principle of paying interest upon a gratuity for
a period of sixty-eight years.
Mr. WALKER. I think if the Senator from
Delaware will give me hia ear a moment, I can
give him a sound distinction between the case pend-
ing before the Senate, and the case which he pre-
sumes of continental money. Before doing so,
however, let me notice another point. He says
he cannot consent to the payment of these com-
mutation certificates, for the Government has al-
ready once paid them with interest.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir, I am misapprehended
there. I did not say that I would not consent to
the payment of the commutation certificates; I
said that the Government having paid the com-
mutation certificates with interest, I could not
agree to give a gratuity founded on the fact that
their value was less than the face of the paper,
and on that difference'of value to allow interest,
any more than if, ten years ago, when your stock
was under par, you had issued stock and a party
had accepted it, and he was obliged to sell it for
eighty per cent., or at sixty or seventy-five per :
cent, of its nominal value, that subsequently we
would redeem it with interest. I would not a°ree
to give the difference of interest. a
Mr. WALKER. That is the statement. The
Senator would not now make up the loss to the
revolutionary soldier upon his commutation cer-
tificate, when the commutation certificate has, in
point of fact, been paid by the Government with
interest. Now, sir, look at it a moment. These
men fought through the Revolution, and as every
one knows who knows their history, they were '
unable to live upon the compensation which was i
given to them, and most of them, as in the case ;
mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts, ;
[Mr. Davu,] the other day, came out of the war !
ruined in fortune, though they anticipated that '
they would, from time to time, get this half pay
for life, and upon that might struggle along.
But their hopes in this regard were soon blasted.
They could not have even the half pay for life
paid annually; but the first thing they knew was,
that local agencies throughout the country were
possessed of commutation certificates, that is, cer-
tificates pledging them at the Treasury of the
United States, five years' full pay, which they felt
themselves compelled to take in lieu of the half
pay for life. \V hen they saw that they were to
be reduced so greatly, for it was not a gratuity
but a promise, they had a right to calculate, when
they presented the certificate to the Treasury, that
they would be entitled to the money; but when
they presented them, they found that there was no
money there for them, and since that was the case
with all, the certificates were almost worthless.
Now, look at the operation of the principle
contended for by the Senator from Delaware. If
one of the commutation certificates, which bore
upon its face interest, happened to be issued to a
man of wealth, all he %ad to do was to put it in
his pocket, keep it until the present day, and then
come forward, and they would have to audit and
pay it at the Treasury Department. But when
that same commutation certificate was issued to
the scarred and war-worn, penniless soldier, who
had nothing left of his wages—nothing left of his
half pay, nothing but this worthless certificate—he
had to sacrifice it for his subsistence for the time
being, and he lost all. It is now contended that
his damages, resulting from the situation in which
the Government placed and left him, shall not be
paid by your country. Is that just? You give
all the advantage to the wealthy for the forty or
fifty years during which he would have sold the
certificate at a loss. But to the poor man, who'
was obliged to use his certificate to sustain his
existence, we turn coldly and say that he can re-
ceive nothing. That, sir, does not strike the
heart that is in my bosom as being either just or
legal. I cannot refuse to these men a compliance
with our promise in its full letter and spirit, up to
the last line that can be marked out as the bound-
ary of justice.
But now to advert to the case of the continental
money. If the Senator had.looked particularly
into it, he would have found this vast distinction
between that money and the commutation certifi-
cates. Those certificates were issued and paid to
those men—in what way ? If the certificate was
for $1,000, he had to take it for $1,000; but let me
appeal to the older members of the Senate, and
those who have examined the subject, to bear
testimony to what I say in regard to the con-
tinental money. From time to time orders were
made at what rate the continental money should
be paid out; and do not Senators remember that
the order was finally made that it should be paid
at the rate of one hundred for one, though a vast
majority went into circulation at the rate offorty for
one ? What justice would there be in making up
at this day the full value of that money with in-
terest? Those who took them up, speculated 1
upon the country, and took them up with the
promise of one hundred, or forty, or fifty, or I
seventy, or eighty for one. They were specula- ]
tors on the country: but the soldier had to receive
his commutation certificate at par. He could not !
get one hundred in the value of the certificates for !
one dollar due him by the commutation. Not at
all. He had to take it dollar for dollar; and when
he took his certificate, and rested upon his coun-
try to pay him in cash, he found that it would not
do it, and his certificates depreciated on his hand.
This, then, being the discrimination between the
two cases, I beg that the Senator from Delaware !
will not insist upon the parallel. I hope the true
distinction between the case of a revolutionary
soldier receiving his commutation certificates, and
those receiving continental money at the rate of
one hundred dollars to one, may be taken, and i
that the Senate will act in view of that distinction. !
Mr. BAYARD. I do not see the difference j
between the case of the continental money and the |
commutation certificates, as stated by the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin. It may have been i
that the continental notes were issued at different
values at different times, but at length they became
utterly worthless; and it would, therefore, be sim-
ply a question to remunerate to the extent of the
difference between their value when issued, and
that to which they ultimately came, which was
nothing. Therefore, you ought to repay the prin-
cipal with the interest in that case, if you pass this
; bill. I do not here object to your making   gra-
tuity to the revolutionary soldiers, in lieu of the
depreciation of the commutation certificates, but I
object to your allowing interest upon that gratuity,
and 1 shall adhere to that objection. It seems to
me that it is a dangerous principle, as I stated be-
fore. There is a great deal said about the war-
worn and scarred soldiers, and all that, but I
rather think outside the Senate it is pretty well
known that about one half of the sums which are
received through private bills go into the hands of
claim agents, and they are the authors of two
' thirds of the claims which come before us.
Mr. SEWARD. I have listened with interest
! to this debate, and I think it involves very import-
ant principles in regard to the conduct of the Gov-
ernment. I confess that the argument of the
learned and honorable Senator from Delaware is
very satisfactory and conclusive to my mind. A
Government is, after all that may be said, a per-
son subject to the circumstances, and bound by
the same moral and social obligations which affect
and bind individuals. There is a moral obligation
upon every individual, to pay his debts—that is,
to pay what he has contracted to pay; and there
is no obligation upon any one to pay more. I do
not know any distinction between Governments
and individuals in this respect. They are alike
subject to accidents and disasters, the result of
circumstances which are providential; and when
the Government pays all that it promises to pay,
pays the full value of principal and interest, like
an individual, it is discharged from all its obliga-
tions. Now, in this case, the Government issued
i to the officer, named in this bill, an obligation to
pay a certain sum, bearing interest. That obli-
gation, instead of presenting himself, he assigned
i to others, and the assignees have presented it at
| the Treasury, and it has been paid, principal and
interest, in full. What more is required? The
i bill proceeds on the principle that the Government
is not only bound to pay its debts, but that it is
also bound to guaranty that its credit shall always
be uniformly sound. That is what no individual
can do, and what no Government ever did. It
cannot guaranty that its credit shall always be so
strong, so efficient, so safe, in the changes which
; are incident to nations, as that those who hold the
1 securities shall never have any difficulty in realiz-
\ ing at any time, by assignment or transfer, the
full equivalent of Government obligations.
But there is another consideration to be alluded
to here; and that is, there is a reasonable limit to
the period in which a prudent and wise Govern-
ment can pay interest, even on acknowledged debts.
It strikes me as a very frightful precedent, to bring
up a case looking back sixty-one years, with a
proposition to pay interest upon it. It either should
be presented at an earlier period, or there should
be, with Governments as well as with individuals,
some period of time to guard against frauds by a
statute of limitations. This may seem to be a harsh
principle, but is one that is every day practiced
on, and its necessity is recognized. The Senate
has passed more than once, certainly twice since I
have been here, a bill for the payment of sufferers
by the French spoliations. It is well understood
that the principal of that debt amounted to be-
tween ten and fifteen millions of dollars, and yet
those of us who have believed it just and wise to
pay the debt,and recognize the reasonableness and
propriety of paying it, have not insisted on that
amount, but have been content to appropriate five
millions of dollars. So far from proposing to pay
interest for forty or fifty years, with the whole
principal, we propose to pay only a third or half of
the principal. And this principal has been settled
and acknowledged from the time when the ques-
tion first rose seriously of reimbursing the suf-
ferers by French spoliations at all.
Again, if we adopt the principle contained in
this bill we ought to be equal and just, but I con-
fess that I see no good grounds for paying interest
sixty or seventy years on this individual claim,
and paying neither interest nor principal on other*
just like it. If we agree to pay interest here, a
general bill should be framed which should pro-
vide for the payment of the principal, in all such
cases, and establish uniformly the time for which
; interest will be allowed. It is with great regret
j that I feel compelled to oppose this bill. I am will-
ing to vote liberally for the payment of all claims
