THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32p Con-gress, 2p Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1853.
New Series....No. 16.
against the Treasury when they are properly eft- 1
tablished, but I find myself obliged to vote against
tile passive of this bill in its present shape. I sub-
scribe, ho wever, to the views presented by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, and I am willing, in view of
heroi'* merits and heroic sacrifices, we should in-
demnify- the officers of the Revolution for their
losses. 1 desire to return my thanks to the honor-
able Senator from Delaware for the manner in
which he lias presented this subject to us, so as to
enable me to give my vote intelligibly and safely.
Mr. I'XDERWdOD. I wish to state, that if
we could have a general bill, embracing: the object
which 1 will present to the Senate in a few words,
1 would vote for it with great pleasure. But, for
reasons already assigned by the Senators from
New York and Delaware, I cannot vote for the
payment of interest, or for this bill. Here is the
ground upon which injustice has been done to
the officers of the Revolution. They were prom-
ised half pay during life. After the termination
of the war, the inability of the Government to
pay was so great, that the promise could not be
complied with: and the Government, being un-
able to comply with the promise, compelled the
officers to accept of these commutation certificates
of five years' full pay in lieu of half pay for life,
which had been promised. Many of the officers
did not wish to accept these certificates of five
years' full pay in lieu of the half pav for life; but
they were compelled to do it or get nothing. Some
of the officers had an advantage by this method of
payment, in this way. They had the five years'
full pay in hand, and thus they could obtain the
interest until the certificates were fully discharged.
They, or their assignees, had them, and had the
benefit of them. But some of these officers lived
forty, fifty, and in some cases sixty years after
the close of the war. Those who lived so long
would have received a much greater compensa-
tion had they been allowed their half pay for that
long period, than they did receive by the accept-
ance of the five years' full pay. Theircompensa- i
tion would have been three or four times as great. J
And the losses of different officers in this way 1
were in proportion to the length of time they lived I
after the war. That loss was forced upon them J
by the legislation of Congress compelling them, as j
it were, to take the commutation certificates instead i
of the half pay for life. Congress was sensible .
afterwards of that injustice; and in 1832 they gave ,
all the officers then living their half pay for life
from that time till they died, thus acknowledging
the injustice they had done them, and atoning for
it by giving them half pay from that period until
their deaths. But Congress left the cases of all
who had died previous to 1832 unprovided for,
and made no compensation for their losses. Now
all we can do, and all 1 think we ought to do, is
to provide by a general bill that those officers
who drew commutation certificates for five years'
full pay, shall be allowed, after deducting the
amount of these certificates, their half pay for life.
Then, if they lived sufficiently long to leave a
balance in their favor after deducting the amount .
of the commutation certificates, by allowing the
half pay for life, pay that balance out of the
Treasury. And if they did not live sufficiently
long—and I ktjow many died shortly after the
war—so that their five years' full pay amounted
to more than they would have received by being
allowed half pay for life, then the families of such
gained something by the commutation.
I am willing to vote for any general bill which I
will allow half pay for life, according to the terms
of the revolutionary Congress, deducting from
that half pay for life, the five years' full pay which
they have received. If, after making that deduc-
tion, there is a balance due to any officer, or his
representatives, I think it ought to be paid, and
I would vote to pay it with the utmost cheerful-
ness. I would do this on the ground of the pov- ,
erty of the Government, and its inability to make
provision for them at that early period. We have ;
no facts before us sufficiently to enable us to legig- |
late intelligently upon the subject. In order to do l
it, it ia necessary to know the whole number of [j
16
officers, and the amount of money pledged by the
certificates which were granted, giving five years'
full pay. If we had the amount of nil these cer-
tificates, 1 presume we should find that millions of
dollars have been already paid. In the absence of!
that knowledge, you cannot tell what effect such a '
principle as we should establish by the passage of
this bill will have. Perhaps the chairman of the
committee which reported this bill can inform us
now what was the amount of all the certificates
issued giving five years'full pay; I do not remem-
ber; it must have been many millions. If, then,
we are legislating upon the basis that there was a
depreciation in the value of these certificates, so
that they would bring but twelve and a half cents
upon the dollar, we set a precedent that will in-
volve many millions to meet.
It is therefore manifest that this is a very im-
portant subject, a very large subject; and we do
not know the extent to which it may go, unless
we know the amount for which all these certifi-
cates were granted. Having these views, it seems
to me that a general bill, granting half pay for life,
after deducting the commutation, does justice to
everybody, and that it can only be done by a gen-
eral bill.
Mr. WALKER. I will make this proposition
to the Senate, if they agree to vote down the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware. There
was a period in our financial history during which
it is known we were unable to pay^wr debts.
The bill as it now stands, proposes to give interest
from 1784 to 1852. If the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Delaware is not agreed to, I will move to
strike out " 1852," and insert " 1832," prior to
which time we know we could not pay our debts,
j The Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury
;i have taken the ground, upon general principles,
that the Government ought not to pay interest for
the period before that time. If, then, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware does not pre-
vail, I will move to strike out " 1852," and insert
i " 1832." That would give interest up to the year
J 1832—a twenty years' deduction. I believe this
1 to be a fair compromise between the differences of
| opinion upon this subject. For my own part, it
would be gratifying to me individually, to my
; sense of justice, to see the interest given entirely,
for in many of these cases there were no persons
competent to present them to Congress, as they
should have been presented at the proper period. ;
Many of the parties interested were left in poverty.
But after a while, there lived a lady of great amia-
bility and great intelligence. She presented her
case to Congress. Congress gave relief to her as
the child of a revolutionary soldier. That revived
the hopes of the remainder of those old patriots
and of their children; and they were unable to see
why, in the case of that lady, this tardy justice of
the Government should have been done, and in
their cases it should be refused, ft was this fault,
if fault it was—but I do not think it was—on the
part of Congress, that revived the hope that in all
probability had long expired, that they were ever
to get anything as an acknowledgment of the jus- , j
tice due their ancestors, or the discharge of the |
obligations which the Government had assumed. ;
I say that revived their hopes. They came for- !
ward consequently, with a few cases, and they
have been examined and found meritorious. '
There is not even the lack of record evidence j
in regard to their right. There has been no lack ;
of proof of the actual loss sustained upon the cer- 1
tificates; and in each case a report has been made. 1
I shall, however, as these different views are en- j
tertained, propose in this bill to limit the interest i
up to the year 1832, to which time we know that j
the Government was unable to pay its debts. 11
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would inquire of the :
Chair, whether the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin could not offer his amendment now and
have it first considered ? Has he not the right to
perfect the bill before the question is taken upon
the amendment of the Senator from Delaware?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin- |
ion that the question should be firBt taken upon the j
proposition of the Senator from Delaware. I
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose it will be in order
to move to amend the a^mendment by striking out
" fifty-two," and inserting " thirty-two," as sug-
gested by the Senator from Wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly it would be in
order to move to amend the amendment.
Mr. WALKER. Then I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " fifty-two," and in-
serting " thirty-two."
Mr. HALE. I do not want to say one word
about the amendment proposed, because I am in-
different about it. And I do not wish to oppose
a claim of this sort; but I think the Senate should
look at it carefully. If you pass this bill and
establish the principle it contains, you virtually
say to all the holders, and the heirs of all those
who ever held certificates of this sort, if they come
to Congress and prove the depreciation of them,
you will do the same act of justice for them which
you now propose with regard to the heirs in this
case. We have now a pretty large sum in the
Treasury, and I do not know but it will be as
good a use as can be made of the money to be-
stow it in this manner. I should certainly rather
spend it in this way than to employ it in making
war upon Spain for the purpose of taking the
Island of Cuba. But 1 think we had better delib-
erate a little before we take this step. It seems
to me that a measure which is to pledge Congress
to such a very wide field of legislation as this will
open, had better not be adopted upon a private
bill. But agreeably to the suggestion made by
some other Senators I think we should adopt some
general bill upon the subject. When you once es-
tablish the principle, 1 think it will go beyond the
revolutionary war. 1 do not remember, but my
impression is that the Treasury notes, in which
! the Government paid the soldiers in the war of 1812,
were sold in the market at a depreciation of some-
thing like twenty per cent. The same principle
which will compel you to allow'the difference be-
tween the commutation certificates and their actual
value to the officers of the Revolution would com-
pel you to make up to the soldiers of the war of
1812 the difference between the par value of the
notes and what they actually received. 1 think,
if I am not mistaken, that in New England these
notes were sold for eighty cents upon the dollar,
and I do not know any difference between the
two cases, which would not compel us to treat
; them alike. I do not know but it may be a very
pleasing idea, and one that is quite consolatory to
the minds and the humanity of Senators individ-
ually, to think of remunerating all the sacrifices
that were made in the war of the Revolution; but
you cannot do it. A great many of the most
severe privations and the heaviest sacrifices were
not those which can be paid with money. Houses
were burnt, families were driven from the peace
and quiet of home; and all the ordinary operations
of civilized society were, in different sections of
the country, entirely defeated and broken up; and
when you undertake to go down and weigh, meas-
ure, and compensate the perils and sacrifices of
that day, you will find that it cannot be done.
When you have done what it is proposed by this
bill, and by a general measure like it to do, you
will have stopped very far short of compensating
even the most, meritorious sacrifices made by those
who endured the privations and perils of that early
contest.
But I am not going to oppose this bill. I am
not going to vote against, it. I simply make this
suggestion that we may understand, before we do
pass it, the door we are opening for applicants to
come in on the National Treesury. With these
views, if the Senate see fit to ppss 'the bill, I shall
be one of the last to interfere.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that the Senator from Wisconsin can propose his
amendment to the hill now. It is a mere ques-
tion of striking out. The Senator from Wisconsin
proposes to amend the bill by striking out " fifty-
two,"and inserting " thirty-two."
Mr. ADAMS. It seems to me that, according
to the usual course of proceeding, the question
should be first put upon the amendment of the
