242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
Senator from Delaware; but I care nothing about
that. I desire, however, to make a few remarks
upon the general subject.
It is a very ungrateful task for any Senator to
vote against a proposition to pay either a revolu-
tionary soldier, or the descendant of a revolution-
ary soldier. We often hear suggestions made in
reference to obligations resting upon the country
to remunerate the services of those soldiers. S.r,
it is utterly impossible that compensation can be
made to the revolutionary soldiers for their services
and sacrifices, for they have long since passed
away; but we find their descendants coming for-
ward and setting up claims. I think I have wit-
nessed, upon this floor, very great injustice done
by the descendants of revolutionary soldiers to the
merits of their ancestors. Theservices of the rev-
olutionary soldiers have becomecommon property;
they were intended to be for the benefit of their
children, and of their country; they did not ex-
pect to be paid in money for those services. Yet
we are asked daily by their children, and their
grandchildren to pay for services, for which their
fathers and grandfathers would have spurned re-
ceiving moneyas a compensation.
They fought for the liberties which you have
heard spoken of, and they achieved them, and re-
ceive their country's gratitude. Many of them
were content with their losses,and thought them-
selves well paid; but now it seems that every one
who can claim to be a descendant of a revolution-
ary soldier, is going back and hunting up some
claim or other to get paid for his services in money.
It is utterly impossible that we can make this pay-
ment. The Government has paid this debt once.
If the Government did not pay, it was the sol-
dier's misfortune. If any of these meritorious
persons lost the compensation for their services
from want of ability on the part of the Government
to comply with its engagements, it was their mis-
fortune. They never complained of it in their day.
I am willing—1 am sure I have no great objec-
tion—to pay losses which were actually sustained;
but I urn not willing to pay interest for three quar-
ters of a century, because it would be, in my con-
ception, setting a precedent which would result in
a great expenditure of money. It is admitted that
those who were able to hold on to their certificates
received their money with interest. Others lost—
some more, some less. It was their misfortune.
They sustained their losses at that time, and I do
not think it is any injustice to their children to
consider their losses as common property with the ,
great benefits resulting to the country from their
services. 1 can seeno principle of justiceor equity
which demands the payment of interest in this
case, up either to 1832 or 1853.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. Walker; and they
were o'.dered.
Mr. CHARLTON. If we should adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, I pre-
sume it would be competent afterwards to adopt
that of the Senator from Delaware?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. WALKER. As the bill at present reads,
it gives interest down to I propose to give
interest only down to 1832, from which time the
Government has been able to pay its debts.
Mr. CHASE. Mv objection to th e amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin is simply this: If
this be a debt due to these parties, it ought to be
paid, and paid with full interest; if it be not a
debt which is due, the Government is not under
any obligation to pay it, and should not pay. An-
other reason is, that I think, when we are on this
subject, we had better dispose of it altogether;
and just as certainly as we divide the interest now,
the parties concerned will come before us again at
the next Congress, or at some future Congress,
and claim the twenty years' interest upon the~same
ground upon which they claim the amount now
proposed to be paid.
The amendment of Mr. WALKER was agreed
to by the following vote:
Belaud, Brodhead, Omheart, Charlton,
Cinrke, Dodprp of Wisconsin, Dodje of Iowa, Downs
rvich. Fish, Houston Jones of Iowa-. Morton, Rusk, Sew-
ard. Smith, VVade, Walker, and WHIer 20.
NAY!?—Messrs. Adains, Au-hi>on, Badger, Bayard
Jlradburv, Bright, Brooke. Butlei, Chase, lie Saussure'
Hale, Mangiiin, Norns, tfpruance, Sumner, and Under-
wood— iti.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Bayard to amend the bill by striking out alto-
) gether the provision for the allowance of interest,
j Mr. BAYARD. Upon that amendment I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adaun, Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury,
Bright, rharlton, I)e Saussure, Dodge ol Iowa, Fetch,
Geyer, Houston, Jones of loiva, Norns, Smith, Spruance,
and (Tmh'rvvood—16.
NAYS—Mosrs. Badger, Borland, Brodhead, Brooke,
Calhcart, Chase, Clarke, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs,
I'Vli, Gwin, Hale, Maugum, Morton, Seward, Sumner,
Wadn, and Walker—16.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, Arid the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays
upon the question of ordering the bill to be en-
j grossed for a third reading.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
i taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Borland, Brooke, Cathcart,
Clarke, Dndgeof Wisconsin, Downs, Fish, Cwin, Hoii:-ton,
Mangnin, Morton, Seward, Wade, Walker, and Welter—
U>.
*\AYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury,
Bright, Charlton, Chase, Davis, I)e Saussure, Dodge of
Iowa, Felch, Cryer, Hale, Haml'n, Jones nf Iowa, Nor-
ris. Smith, Spruance, Sumner, and Underwood—'20.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. HALE. Having voted with the majority,
I move that the vote refusing to order the bill to a
third reading, be reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT. That motion will be en-
tered upon the Journal.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thprsdav, January 6, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, rn. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, beginning
with the Committee on Elections.
THE GARDI\ER CLAIM.
Mr. KING, of New York. As the business
before the House is the call of committees for re-
ports, I presume now may be a proper time to
call up, for the consideration of the House, the
bill reported by the select committee appointed to
inquire into the Gardiner claim.
The SPEAKER. That is the business in order
if the gentleman calls it up. A motion is pending
to recommit the bill.
Mr. KING. I propose to let that motion stand,
in order to keep the bill before the House. I ask
now that the bill may be read, and then I pro-
j pose, with the consent of the committee, to offer
ail amendment.
The bill, with the amendments, was then read ,
through by the Clerk, as follows:
A Bill to prevent frauds upon the Treasury of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Honse of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, i
That all transfei s and assignments hereafter math- of any
claim upon the United States or anv part or share thereof,
or interest therein, whether absolute or conditional, and 1
whatever ma) be the consideration therefor ; and all pow-
ers of attorney, orders, or other authorities, for receiving
pa>mentot any Mich claim, or any part or share thereof,
shall be absolutely null and void, unless the same shall
be irecly made and executed in the presence ofat least two
attesting witnesses, alter the allowance of such claim, the
ascertainment ot the amount due, and the issuing of a war-
rant fur the paunent thereof.
fc*rc.2. Jind he it further enacted, That any officer of the
United States, orperson holding any place of trust or profit,
or discharging any official function, under, or in connection
with an\ Kxecutive Department of the Government of the
United btntes, or under the Senate or House ofRepresenta-
tives of the United State*;, who, after the passage of this act,
shall receive any gratuity from any claimant against the
I nited States, or shall act as an agent orattornev for pros-
ecuting any claim against the United States, or shall in any
manner, or by anv means otherwise than in the discharge
ot his proper official duties, aid or assist m the proseeu'ion
or support of any such claim or claims, shall be liable toin- ,
dictment, as for a misdemeanor, m any court of the United
States having jurisdiction for the trial ofcrimes and misde-
meanors : and, on conviction, shall pay a fine not exceed--
ing twice the amount of gratuity, fee, or compensation, re-
ceived by the person so convicted, or suffer imprisonment
in the penitentiary not exceeding one year, or both, as the
court, in its discretion, shall adjudge
Sec. 3. Jind he it further enacted. That anv Senator or
; Representative in Concre^s who, after the parage of thi*
j act, shall receive any gratuity from any claimantagainst the
I United States, or shall, for compensation paid or to be paid,
j certain or contingent, act as agent or attorney for prosecu-
i ting any claim or claims against the United States, or shall
in any manner or by any means, for such eompen<nti"n,
aid or a.-sistiu the prosecution or fiipport of any Mich claim
or claims, shall be liable to indictment, n< for a mi.-de-
meanor, in any court of the United States having jurisdic-
tion lor the tiial of crimes and misdemeanors ; and, on con-
viction, shall pay a fine not exceeding twice the amount of
the gratuity or compensation received by the person con-
victed, or suffer imprisonment 111 the penitentiary not ex-
ceeding one year, or both, as the court, in its discretion,
shall adjudge.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions
of this act, and ot the act of July twenty-nine, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-six, entitled "An act in relation to the pay-
ment ofclainH,5' >hall apply and extend to all claims against
the United States, whether allowed by special acts ofCon-
gress or arising under general laws or treaties, or in any
other manner whatever; and every offense against the pio-
viMons of this act tliall be a misdemeanor.
Mr. KING proposed to amend the bill by in-
serting after the word " States," in the eighth line
of the second section, the following:
Or agree co receive, or receive, except by inheritance or
marriage, any share or pecuniary interest m any claim
against the United States.
Also, to amend the third section, by inserting
ia the fourth line, after the word " States," the fol-
lowing:
Or agree to receive, or receive, except by inheritance,,
bequest or marriage, any share or pecuniary i uteres in any
chum agjiinst the United States.
Air. KING. When the committee made their
report upon this subject, it was their design sim-
ply to .submit the testimony which they had taken,
and to report a bill which they hoped would pro-
vide a remedy against attempts at fraud upon the
Treasury, and to furnish a means to ascertain and
correct imputations, which J believe, indeed 1 may
say, from my intercourse with the members of this
body, I know are groundless, but which, never-
theless, are made general against Congress. It is
due to the honor, it is due to the character of the
Government and of Congress, that there should be
no mistake or uncertainty about the law in refer-
ence to any act of impropriety of this character,."
impeaching the motives of a member of Congress
or officer of the Government, in reference to the
support or allowance of any bill or chum. A
member of Congress should be precluded from the
right to vote, as he is by our rules of order in all
cases wherehe has a personal interest in a measure.
P y the bill reported, it is provided that in all
cases where he has such interest procured during
his membership, he shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor. Misdemeanors are impeachable
offenses, and for this reason the committee insert-
ed that clause in the bill. It opens to prosecution
by impeachment every offending officer of the
Government, where impeachment is proper. It
opens also, indiscriminately, from highest to low-
est, every officer of the Government who violates
the provisions of this law to indictment by a grand
jury, and subjects the offender, upon conviction,
to imprisonment in the penitentiary, or to rue, or
both, according to the discretion of the court.
The subject does not, in my judgment, or in the
judgment of the committee, require any extended
elaboration or explanation. The report and bill
have been printed and before the House for some
time, and I ask that they may now be taken up
for consideration.
Mr. OLDS obtained the floor.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to yield the floorfor amoment, toallow me to offer
an additional section to the bill, with the view that
it may be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark to
the gentleman from New York, that a motion is
now pending to recommit the bill. It will not be in
order to ofler any amendment while that motion is
pending.
Mr. KING. I believe the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Oi,ds] has the floor. I have no objection
to the amendment which my colleague [Mr. Ha-
ven-] proposes to offer; and, with theunderstand-
ingthat hewillrenewthemotion to recommit,when
he shall have presented his amendment, I will
withdraw the motion. My object is to keep the
subject constantly before the House.
Mr. HA\ EN. I will renew the motion.
Mr. KING. Then I withdraw the motion to
recommit.
Mr. HAVEN. I now offer the following as an
additional section to the bill, viz:
Sfc. 5. Jind he if firther cn acted, That if any person or
persons shall, ducctly or indirectly, promise,offer, or give,
or cause, or proem e to he promised, offered, or given, any
money, good*, rights in action, bribe, present, or reward,
or any promise, contract, undertaking, obligation, or security
for tbe payment or delivery of any money, goods, right m
