1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
action,bribe, present,or reward, or any other valnabla thing
\v:i.it> vrr. In any Mirmh-r of the Srnatiii~<r House of Rep-
rc-eitalive- nt" tlie I'nited Slates, after his election 113
Fuch immber, ami either btTure or after Jie shall haw qnali
fled and taken hi* seat; wH any officer of the United
8iates, <tr person holding any place of trust or profit, or
discharging any offieiai functions under or in connection
wuli any department of the Government of the I'mted
Slates, or under tlie Senate or House of Representatives
of the United States after the passage of this act, with the
intent to influence his vote, opinion, decision, or judgment,
or with the intent to bia- his mind on anv <|U"«tion, matter,
cnu«e or proceeding which may then he pending, or may
bv law, or under tlie Constitution 01 the United states be
brought before him in his official capacity, or in his place
of' triict or profit, and «h-*ll he Thereof convicted, such per
son or person -, thus ottering, promi-ing, or giving, or caus-
ing, or procuring to be promiseil, offered, or given any such
nionev, goods, nght in action, hrilie, present, or reward, or
•ny pnmiise. eontract, undertaking, obligation or security
fur th- piyiuentor delivery of any money, goods, right 111 ac-
tion, linb , present or reward, or other valuable thins what-
ever, itnd tlie member. officer, or person, who sliall, in any
wise acceptor receive the same or any part tliereof, shall lie
liable <0 indictment as for a high crime and misdemeanor be
fur** any court of the United States having jurisdiction for
the trial of crimes and misdemeanors and shall, upon con-
viction ther*-of, be fined not exceeding three tunes the
•mount so offered, promised, or given, anil imprisoned in a
p'-mlrntiary not exceeding three years, and tlie member or
person convicted of so accepting or receiving the same, or
any part thereof, shall forfeit his office and place, anil any
person so convicted under this ?eciioii. shall forever be dis
qualified to hold any office of power, trust, or profit under
th.: Ulilted States.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asim Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House of the passage by that body
of the following bills and resolution, viz: Senate
bill No. 301, to authorize the issuing of duplicate
hind warrants in the names of Lucretia Barton and
Prudence Blandon; An act to continue half pay
to certain widows and orphans; and a resolu-
tion agreeing to the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution, No. 67, en-
titled •* A resolution allowing, in certain cases, to
the owners of steamers, further time to make the
necessary preparation to bring their vessels within
the provisions of the act entitled * An act to amend
an act to provide for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses,'approved August 30, 1852."]
[Mr. B ARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, presented as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bill and resolution; which received the sig-
nature of the Speaker, viz:
" A bill for the relief of Mrs. Margaret L. Worth and
"A resolution authorizing, in certain cases, the owners
of steamers further time to make the necessary prepara-
tion* to Hrins their vessels within the provisions of the act
entitled ' An act to amend an act entitled An act to provide
for the better seeuritv of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and (brother pur
poses.' approved August 3iKV2."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark lo the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] that,
strictly speaking, it is not now in order to amend
any part of the bill except the first section. In
other words, the bill must be considered by its
sections, in regular order.
Mr. HAVEN. I supposed so. I, at the same
time, wantad the House to have notice of the
amendment which I propose. I wished my col-
league [Mr. King] to be placed in the position in
which he desired to be placed, to renew the motion
to recommit.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] I
will say that f hope the House will unanimously
agree that the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from New York may be considered as now
pending. The reason why I suggest it is, that
there is a probability this bill will be finally dis-
posed of under the previous question, and if his
amendment is not now considered as pending, it
will be cut off by the previous question.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent, each
amendment may be presented, and then in case
the previous question is called and sustained, they
will be taken up and disposed of in their order.
If there be no objection, that course will be pur-
sued in regard to this bill.
No objection was made, and «the amendments
were considered as pending.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope, also,
by unanimous consent, these amendments will be
ordered to he printed.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection to the
printing, provided it will not delay the passage of
the bill; but aa they will appear in print in the
Globe to-morrow morning, I think that printing
will answer every purpose.
No objection was made, nnd the amendments
were ordered, l>y unanimous consent, to be prin ted.
Mr, FREEMAN. I wish to offer another
amendment. The bill now reads:
'•Shall he lialde to indictment, as for a misdemeanor,
in anv court of the iJniled States having jurisdiction for
the trial of crimes and iui.-deme iiors," See.
The terms of the bill would allow a party to be
indicted in any court of the United Slates having
jurisdiction of crimes, but a party ought not to be
indicted except in a county having jurisdiction of
the person also. 1 propose to amend by inserting
after the word "jurisdiction,"the words "of the
party, and." It will then read," shall be liable to
indictment, as for a misdemeanor,in any court of
the United States having jurisdiction of the party,
and for the trial of crimes and misdemeanors," &c.
Mr. OLDS occupied the ftiior an hour upon the
subjectof Mr. Corwin's connection with the Gard-
iner claim, maintaining th->t, according to the re-
port of the investigating committee, it was estab-
lished that that gentleman hail notdivested himself
of all interest in the claim before accepting the of-
fice of Secretary of the Treasury. [His remarks
are published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to ask the
gentleman one question. I wish to know if he
differs from the committee when they say that
there is no evidence tending to prove that Mr.
Corwin had any knowledge of a fraud in connec-
tion with this claim?
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman has the floor, and
has the evidence befoie him.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, I move that the
bill be recommitted to the select committee.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANLY. If that motion prevail*, what
will become of the bill now under consideration ?
The SPEAKER. It will remain before the
House as unfinished business.
Mr. STANLY. Then it will come up to-mor-
row, after the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. It will come up at any time
when it is the pleasure of the House to consider
it. Having been entertained by unanimous con-
sent, the Chair is inclined to think that it is not
!] confined to the morning hour, but may be con-
]' sidered at any time.
' Mr. STANLY. I hope the Chair will not de-
i cide that question finally, for I want a consider-
ation of that point. But if the bill will come up
to-morrow, I have no objection to the motion of
my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The motion now pending to
. recommit will keep it before the body.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cling-
man's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bayly, of Vir-
ginia, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question be-
fore the committee was the consideration of House
' bill No. 335, " making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June 30th, 1853," and that the gentleman
from California [Mr. Marshall] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, took the floor, and ad-
; dressed the committee an hour upon the subject
' of our foreign policy generally, and denounced
the conduct of the present Administration aspusil-
lanimous and degrading in the extreme in the man-
agement of the Cuban question. [His remarks
are published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOWARD then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee upon the Cuban question,
maintaining that it was the duty of the United
States to take possession of and hold that Island,
if it could not be had upon other terms. [His
remarks are published in the Appendix.]"
Mr. BELL next obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who movtd that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose;and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
. Bayly) reported that the Committee of the Wfcple
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 335,
"making appropriations to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1853," and had come to no resolution thereon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there is necessity for the appointment of another
member upon the Committee on Enrolled Eills.
One gentleman, a member of that committee, is
absent, and another is indisposed, so that he ia
unable to attend to its duties. If it is the pleasure
of the House, the Chair will appoint another in-
dividual member.
There being no objection,
The SPEAK KR stated that he would appoint
Mr. Hekm, of Iowa.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. There is a report
upon the table, from the Clerk of this House, in
relation to the disbursement of the contingent fund
of the last session. It has been there for some
days, and I wish merely to take it up that it may
be laid upon the table and printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a communication
from the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
which relates to the bill now under discussion in
some sort, which I wish to present to the House,
and ask that it be printed. It relates to the defi-
ciency bill, and is explai atory of it.
There being no objection, the document waa or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. GIDDINGS, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House, the papers in the case of M;ipes (>1 instead,
forthe purpose of being referred to the proper department.
Mr. BELL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill to amend the bounty
land laws of Ohio, for the purpose of referring it
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object, and move
that the House adjourn.
The question was then taken,and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
- PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York : The petition of the
heirs ofjnmes W. Wood, for remuneration for losses, fce.,
while held in imprisonment by the Briiish Government in
the war of 1*12, in retaliation for Brith-h civilians and sub-
jects taken near Fort Niagara, and held in imprisonment in
the United States.
On motion hy Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York,
Ordered, That the petition and papers ol Acht-a Thurbnr
and others, he taken Irom the files of the House and re-
ferred tiMlie Committee on Claims.
By Mr. DEAN: The petition of Joseph Weeks and others,
citizens of Dutchess connty, New York, for anew post routa
from Poughkeepsieto South Dover, via La Grangeville.gt
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 7,1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
; STATUE OF JACKSON ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a privileged question. A
few days ago a communication was read by the
Speaker, and laid before the House, from the Com-
mittee of Arrangements, to attend the inauguration
of the equestrian statue of General Jackson. No
action was taken upon itatihe time. 1 move that
when this House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Monday next, with the understanding that the
House can informally attend the ceremonies.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Orr's
motion,and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole upon the Pri-
! vate Calendar.
i Mr. WILCOX. I wish the gentleman would
I Withdraw his motion for a moment, and I will be
j under great obligations to him.
j Mr. BOWIE. I will withdraw it for. a mo-
' ment.
Mr. WILCOX. InowaskafavoroftheHouse—
| a thing which I have Hot done since I have been
a member of this body. I have prisen this morn-
ing to ask a favor in which I have no personal in-
terest whatever. If the favor were for one of my
' constituents, I would not ask it, for, in doing so.
