1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
lay the bill aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. PENN. I have no objection to that course,
and will m.\ke that motion.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The following bills and resolutions coming up in
their order or. the calendar, and being objected to
as indicated below, were ordered to be laid aside
for future action, under the 30th rule, which pro-
vides that the bills to the passage of which no ob-
jection shall be made, shall be first considered and
disposed of.
No 175. A bill for the relief of Anthony Wal-
ton Bayard. [Objected to by Mr. Harris, of
Tennessee.]
No. If1:'. A bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Bernard Todd. [Objected to by Mr.
Jo.ves. of Tennessee.]
No. 900. A bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of John H. Piatt, deceased. [Objected
to by Mr. Sackf.ttT]
No. 247. A bill for the relief of James Glynn.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
No. 203. A bill for the relief of the trustees of
the Philadelphia Gas Works. [Objected to by
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
No. 250. A bill for the reliefof S. Morris Wain.
[Objected to by Mr. Skelton.]
No. 274. A bill for the relief of Jasper A. Malt-
by. [Objected to by Mr. Goodekow.]
No. 2?o. A bill for the relief of Britain Franks,
assignee of Joseph M. Smith. [Objected to by-
Mr. Letcher.]
J. R. No. 21. A joint resolution for the relief
of Mary Reeside, executrix of James Reeside,
deceased. [Objected to by Mr. Joxes, of Ten-
nessee.]
S. No. 152. An act for the relief of John F. Cal-
lan, administrate! of Daniel Renner, deceased.
[Ohjected to by Mr. Goodenow.]
S. No. 276. An act for the relief of Colonel
James R. Creecy. [Objected to by Mr. Hcnter.]
No. 306. A bill for the benefit of J. C. Buckles,
of Louisville, Kentucky. [Objected to by Mr.
H arris, of Tennessee.]
No. 307. A bill for the relief of McAtee and
Eastham. [Objected to by Mr. Sackett.]
No. 30S. .V bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Nathaniel Patten, deceased, late post-
master in Missouri. [Objected to by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee.]
No. 324. A bill authorizing the adjustment and
payment of the claims of William Hazzard Wigg,
deceased, for losses sustained by him during the
war of the Revolution. [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee.]
Mr. GOODENOW. I objected to Senate Bill
No. 152, for the relief of John F. Callan. It was
then my recollection that the bill was brought up
and considered during the last session of Congress.
I find, however, that I was mistaken in this. I
now desire to withdraw my objection to that bill.
TheCHAIRMAN. Other gentleman objected,
according to the recollection of the Chair. He
will, moreover, state to the gentleman from Maine,
that aside from this fact, the bills having been
taken up in their regular order, and the bill to
which the gentleman refers having been passed
by, the withdrawal of the objection would not
bring the bill again before the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe the cal-
endar has now been read through. I move that
the committee do now rise. ,
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
[Mr. Phelps] reported that the Committee of
the Whole House had had the Private Calen-
dar under consideration, and had instructed him
to report sundry bills, some with the recommend-
ation that they do pass, and one with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will take some time to
dispose of all the bills reported by the Committee
of the Whole, and but a moment for me to report
the naval appropriation bill. I therefore ask the
consent of the House to report that bill now. j
The SPEAKER. Upon referring to the rules,
the Chair is of the opinion that the gentleman has
the right to report the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON then, from the Committee on
Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the naval service for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1854; which was read a first'and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. In relation to the bills which
have been reported by the Committee of the
Whole, I presume it will meet the approbation of
the House that they be read by their titles, and
then passed en masse with the amendments re-
ported by the committee. If there be no objection,
I will make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion can only be en-
tertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the bills must betaken
up in their regular order and disposed of separately.
Mr. BOCOGK. 1 desire to know if the first
business in order is the consideration of the b' 11
for the relief of David Myerle?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The first busi-
ness in order is the consideration of House bill
No. 154, for the relief of Patrick Gas.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the House to
allow the regular order of business to pass over
informally, and consider at this time the bills just
reported from the Committee of the Whole House.
I presume there will not be more than time to dis-
pose of these bills; and as they are fresh in the
minds of the members, they will proceed with
more dispatch in that consideration, than with
those which lie over on the Speaker's table from
the last session.
Mr. ORR. I object, and insist that they be
taken up in their regular order.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Clemen-s,] who is interested in the bill now
under consideration for the relief of Patrick Gas,
has requested that I should withdraw the motion
made by me when the bill was last under consider-
ation. Out of courtesy to that gentleman, I will
withdraw the motion, if, by so doing, 1 can give him
I an opportunity of explaining briefly the bill. I
! might inflict great injury upon Mr. Gas by insist-
| ing upon my motion to lay upon the table. I am
■ quite sure I cannot vote for the bill; but if the
House decide that it is right, they can pass the
bill. I understand the petitioner is a constituent
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemen's.]
He is a new member and has never had an oppor-
tunity of explaining the object of the bill. 1 will
■ therefore withdraw my motion, with a view of
affording that opportunity.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make an inquiry of
the Chair in relation to a matter which has just
been suggested to me. I desire to know whether,
as this is objection day, any discussion can arise
upon the bills before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the same rule which prevents debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole House on objection day, will
also apply to the consideration of the bills re-
ported from the committees on that day in the
House. He thinks if objection be made to any
bill it must go over.
Mr. STUART. Is it in order to move to go to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table, with a view of taking up the private bills
there and referring them?
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the report of the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. STUART. But is it not competent for
the House to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to make the
motion, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB. If I withdraw my motion to lay
on the table, will it not give the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Clemens] an opportunity to ex-
plain his bill ?
The SPEAKER. Not unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. COBB. Then I do not withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to discuss this bill. '
The SPEAKER. Then the bill must go over.
The next bill coming up in order for consider-
ation was House bill No. 155, for the relief of
William H. Wells and others.
[The bill provides that the Secretary of War
shall issue a warrant for one hundred and sixty j
acres of land to the heirs-at-law of Lemuel Wells, i;
deceased, as full compensation for services ren-
dered by said Lemuel Wells, as a soldier in the
late war with Great Britain.]
Mr. COBB objected to its consideration, and it
was carried over under the rule.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
My point is, that the reports made tn-day by the
Committee of the Whole House to the House, are
the business m order, and must be disposed of
before the House can proceed to the consideration
of other business upon the Speaker's table; in
analogy to the ease of a report made by one of the
standing committees of the House, which must be
first considered and disposed of, either by reference
to the Committeee of the Whole House, or by its
adoption, before the House can proceed to the con-
sideration of other bills that may have been re-
ported previously, and gone upon the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. The bills are not upon the
Speaker's table, but before the House for its con-
sideration. They are reports made by the identi-
cal Committee of the Whole House, which re-
ported the bills to-day, and they are pending
before the House for consideration.
Mr. MILLSON. My point is, that the last re-
port, if in order, brings before the House the busi-
ness which is the subject of that report.
The SPEAKER. That is usually so, unless it
is set aside or superseded by previous reports.
Those have all been made from the same com-
mittee, and the Chair thinks that the reports first
made, must be first disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I movethatthe
House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS PASSED.
The following bills, coming up in their order,
were severally considered, ordered to be engrossed,
and having been engrossed, were read the third
time, and passed:
H. R. No. 157. A bill for the relief of Josiah P.
Pitcher, late a private in Company F, Second Ken-
tucky regiment of volunteers, in the war with
Mexico.
H. R. No. 159. A bill for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of Anthony G. Willis, deceased.
H. R. No. 162. A bill for the relief of Dr. S. R.
Addison, passed assistant Surgeon in the United
States Navy.
H. R. No. 163. A bill for the relief of Jacob J.
Storer.
H. R. No. 178. A bill for the relief of Henry
Miller, a soldier of the war of 1812.
H. R. No. 179. A bill for the relief of William
Lynch, a soldier of the late war with Great Britain.
H. R. No. 182. A bill for the relief of Charles
Staples.
H. R. No. 183. A bill for the relief of Aaron
Stafford.
H. R. No. 197. A bill for the relief John B.
Rodgers, of South Carolina.
H. R. No. 201. A bill for the relief of Captain
George Sympton.
H. R. No. 232. A bill for the relief of C. L.
Swayze, in relation to the location of certain
Choctaw scrip.
H. R. No. 161. A bill to provide for the pay-
ment of the companies of Captains Bush, Price,
and Suarez, for military services in Florida.
H. R. No. 177. A bill for the relief of Elizabeth
E. V. Field.
H. R. No. 199. A bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Bernard Todd.
H. R.No. 202. A bill for the relief of the widow
and orphan children of Colonel William R. Mc-
Kee, late of Lexington, Kentucky.
H. R. No. 249. A bill for the relief of Harlow
Spalding.
H. R. No. 265. A bill for the relief of Joseph
M. Wilcoxon.
H. R. No. 272. A bill for the relief of John
Ozias.
H. R. No. 275. A bill for the relief of William
J. Price.
H. R. No. 278. A bill for the reliefof Margaret
Baury. "
H. R. No. 279. A bill for the relief of Mary-
Pearson.
H. R. No. 243. A bill to surrender to the State
of Ohio the unfinished portion of the Cumberland
road, in said S'.V?.
H. R. No. 296. A bill for the relief of John J.
Sykes.
