246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Jan. 10.
J. R. No. 22. A joint resolution for the relief
of J. P. Converse.
H. R. No. 302. An act for the relief of the
Michigan Souther* Railroad Company.
H. R. No. 305. A bill for the relief of John
Denrmit.
H. R. No. 317. A bill for the relief of Nathan
H. Darling.
H. R. No. 318. A bill for the relief of Gilman
Smith, of Sycamore, in the State of Illinois.
.1. R. No. 26. A joint reaolution for the relief
of Thompson Barnet.
H. R. No. 198. A bill for the relief of Joseph
Arnow and Peter Arnow was next taken up for
consideration.
Mr. JACKSON. I move to amend the title,
so that it shall read "for the relief of Peter Arnow
and the heirs of Joseph Arnow;" Joseph Arnow
having died since ihe bdl was reported.
The question was taken, and the motion agreed
to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
having been engrossed,it was read the third time,
and passed.
DAVID MYERLE.
H. R. No. 168. A bill for the relief of David
Myerle next came up in order for consideration.
Mr. STAN TON, of Ohio. 1 object to its con-
sideration at this time.
The SPEAKER. The bill then goes over
under the rule.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When that bill
was reported last session, the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chnir is so informed.
Mr. JONES. This bill was passed over infor-
mally, because, at the time, the papers which
the gentleman wished to use were in his drawer,
and the key was not here.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill goes over.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to know the precise
situation of the bill, and who will be entitled to the
floor when it comes up again. If the gentleman
from Kentucky took the floor, and claimed it for
the purpose of debating the bill, and it then went
over Iiy general consent, he would be entitled to
the floor.
Mr. JONES. Those are the facts.
The-SPEAKER. The bill goes over for debate.
Mr. ORR. If it is before the House, 1 move
to lay it upon ihe table.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before the
House.
LIEUTENANT BARTLETT HINDS.
H. R. No. 149. A bill for the relief of the heirs
of Lieutenant Bartlett Hinds next came up for
consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The advocates of
that bill are not now ifi the House, I believe. I
have a copy of a declaration made by Bartlett
Hinds when heapplied for a pension, in which he
says that he resigned his commission in the Arm y
in 1780.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
bill will go over under the rule.
So the bill was laid aside.
CAPTAIN LEWIS E. SIMONDS.
H. R. No. 248. A bill for the relief of Captain
Lewis E. Simonds came up in order, but being
objected to by Mr. Letcher, it was laid over,
under the rule.
BILL REJECTED.
H. R. No. 319. A bill for the relief of Samuel
F. Rutterworth was, on motion of Mr. Phelps,
laid upon the lable.
SENATE BILLS PASSED.
The following Senate bills, reported from the
Committee of the Whole, were ordered to be read
a third time; and being read a third time, were
passed.
S. No. 50. An act for the relief of Sidney S
Alcott. J '
S. No. 130. An act for the relief of John T
Sullivan.
S. No. 132. An acftor the relief of William Spei-
den. r
ELIZABETH V. LOMAX. jl
S. No 206. An act tu&iwng a pension to Mrs. '!
Elizabeth V Lomax, reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole House with an amendment, was i
next taken up. ;■
i The amendment, which was to strike out the
provision granting to Eli7abeth V. Lomax a pen-
sion of Unity dollars a month during her natural
life, and insert in lieu thereof " one-half the
monthly pay to which her husband was entitled
at the time of his death, commencing on the 1st of
January, 1850, and to continuefor and during the
term of five years."
The amendment was adopted, and the bill as
amended was passed.
On motion by Mr. WALSH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and accompanying papers
of t'ie heirs of I'eter Shackerly be withdrawn from the files
of the House, that they may be rel'eired to one of the Ex-
ecutive Departments.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House ad-
journ.
Tiie question was put and the motion was agreed
to.
The House then adjourned till Monday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition-*, &c., w< re presented under the
rule, and referred to the apptopriate committees:
By AJr. IM)TY : The pennon of Benjamin riebringand
361' other citizens of Gratton, m YVifConsin, asking for a
grant of land to the Lake Shore Railroad Company, to aid
in the conduction ol said road.
By Mr. MUjLSON : The petition of John Walker, as ad-
ministrator 4)1 Thomas Walker, d  ceased, praying tor com
mutation lor the services of said Thomas Walker a* a cap
tain in the conluieinal line during the revolutionary war.
By Mr. CABKLL, o! Florida : lte&oluuon&i of the Legis-
lature of Florida, a  lollow?.:
Kelauve to the establishment of a port of delivery at Bay-
port . >
Relative to the establishment of a land office at Tampa. !
Relative toamail route between Tampa and Fort Mellon,
and between Tampa and Old Tampa Bay
A>kuigau appiopri.ition lor the purpose of removing ob
struetions at the bar ot Volusia, on Lake George. I
, IN SENATE.
Monday, January 10, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message lioin the House of Representatives
was received by iVlr. Forney, Us Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the I'ollo wing bills and joint
resolutions:
A lull for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher, late a
private in company F, 2d Kentucky regiment of
volunteers, m ihe war with Mexico.
A bill tor the relief of the heirs-at-law of An-
thony (j. Wlitis, deceased.
A Lull for the reliet ot Dr. S. R. Addison, passed
assistant surgeon 111 the. Unued Stales Navy.
A bill for ihe relief of Jacob J. Storer.
A bill lor the relief of Henry Miller, a soldier
of the war of 1812.
A bill for the relief of William Lynch, a soldier
of the lute war with Great Britain.
A bill for the relief of Charles Staples.
A bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford.
A bill for the relief of John £. Rodgers, of
South Carolina.
A bill for the relief of Captain George Simpton.
A bill for the relief of C. JL. Swayze, in relation
to the location of certain Choctaw scrip.
A bill to provide for the payment of the com-
panies of Captains Bush, Price, and Suarez, for
military services in Florida.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth E. V. Field.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Bernard Todd.
A bill for the relief of the widow and orphan
children of Colonel William B. McKee, late of
Lexington, Kentucky.
A bill for the relief of Harlow Spaulding.
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Wilcoxon.
A bill for the relief of John Ozms.
A bill for the relief of William J. Price.
A bill for the relief of Mary Baury.
A bill for the relief of Mary Pearson.
A bill to surrender to the State of Ohio the un-
finished portion of the Cumberland road, in said
Stale.
A bill for the relief of John J. Sykes.
A joint resolution for the relief of J. P. Con-
verse.
An act for the relief of the Southern Michigan
Railroad Company.
A bill for the relief of John Dearmit.
A bill for the relief of Nathan H. Darling.
A bill for the relief of Gilman Smith, of Syca-
more, in the State of Illinois. ;
A joint resolution for the relief of Thompson
Barnett.
A bill for the relief of Peter Arnow and the
heirs of Joseph Arnow.
Also, that it had passed the following bills from
the Senate:
A bill for the relief of Sidney S. Alcott.
A hill for the relief of John T. Sullivan.
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue a new register to the ship Pientice, and
change her name to that of Leonie.
Also, that it had passed the following bills from
the Senate with amendments:
A bill granting a pension to Mrs. Elizabeth V.
Lomax.
A bill for the relief of William Speiden.
• REORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
Mr. STOCKTON". The Committee on Naval
Affairs have unanimously directed me to report a
bill to reorganize the Navy of the United States,
which I desire to have printed, anil made the
special order of the day for art early period. The
report is not very long, and I should be glad to
have it read now.
Several Senators. Let it be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON. You will not read it, un-
less I rea<l it to you. It is a very important le-
port, and I want to have it read. I desire, also,
to have the bill made the special order of the day
for next Monday.
The bill was read and passed to the second read-
, inS'
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire the bill to be made
the special order of the day for Monday next.
Mr. GW1N. I would suggest to ihe honorable
Senator from New Jersey to give notice that he will
. call up the bill at an early day, rather than make it
a special order. We have now several special or-
ders on many important questions. 1 think, if
the Senator will give notice that at an early day he
will call up this bill, instead of making it a special
order he will accomplish his object. 1 hope, also,
that the Senator will move to have the report
j printed.
J Mr. STOCKTON. I withdraw my motion to
! make the bill a special order, and give notice that
[ I will call it up next Monday. 1 move that the
j report be printed, and that two thousand addi-
tional copies be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
! INDIAN PAYMENTS IN MINNESOTA.
| Mr. GWIN. Some strong allegations of fraud
have been made against the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs in Minnesota, in regard to payments
under some Indian treaties. I want those charges
investigated. I voted for the treaties, anttt believe
they passed the Senate almost unanimously. If
the charges are true, I want the partus punished;
if they are not true, I want an' opportunity to be
given to them to vindicate themselves. The Dele-
gate from the Territory in the House has desired
j nie to state that he wishes this investigation in jus-
I Mce to all concerned. I therefore submit the folio w-
[ resolution, and ask for its consideration now:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the allegations ol fraud contained in
certain ot the public prints, with regard to the disbursement,
by Alexander Hamsey, Superintendent of Indian Affairs, of
Ihe money appropriated to carry out the stipulation*- ol the
treaties eomluded with the Sioux or Oacotah Indians, id
thejearlbol.
The resolution was considered and adopted.
BRANCH MINT OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
en to turuish the Senate with copies of the plans and -*peci-
ncalious, papers, and all other information relating thereto,
ot the pioposed branch Mint tor California, provided for
under the act ol 3d July. 1831.
BRITISH COLONY IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, on last Thurs-
day a debate arose in the Senate, during which I
was not present. 1 perceive by the papers, how-
ever, that an appeal was made to members of this
body who were members of the Senate in 1850,
to which, if I had then been present, I should have
felt it my duty promptly to respond. I ask per-
mission of the Senate to say now what, if I had
been present, I should have thought it proper and
necessary to say then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Makgcm
in the chair.) The morning business being in or-
