248
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOJBE.
Jan. 10,
him to be a man of the purest honor. I am sat-
isfied that he would make no representation which
he did not believe to be a true one. But I am
equally well satisfied that at the date of the ex-
change of the ratification of that treaty, 4th July,
1850, he wrote to Mr. Clayton, in reply to him,
the letter which is contained in the Intelligencer
of Saturday last, in these words:
"The Senate perfectly understood that the treaty did not
include British Honduras. Frankness becomes our Gov-
ernment ; but you should be careful not to use any expres-
sion which would seem to recognize the right of England to
any portion of Honduras."
I do not mean to impeach the veracity either of
Mr. King or of the Senator from Michigan, when
I point out the inconsistency between this letter
and the communication made to the Senate on the
Fart of Mr. King by the Senator from Michigan.
have no doubt whatever that it can be explained
without injustice to either of them. Weknow the
feeble condition of Mr. King's health. I under-
stand it is so feeble that it is extremely doubtful
whether he is qualified to converse upon subjects
of this sort at this time, particularly upon subjects
his recollection of which would have to go back a
few years, and I am satisfied, either that the con-
dition of his health was such as not to allow him
to make full and precise explanations to the Sen-
ator from Michigan, or that that Senator must
have misunderstood him. There is his letter, and
to that I have no doubt he will now give his rati-
fication.
The letter from Mr. Clayton, to which the letter
from Mr. King, which I have read, is a reply,
perfectly exonerates the late Secretary of State
from the charge of duplicity and concealment.
With whom could he properly communicate ex-
cept the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations of this House? And with him he did
communicate. He did disclose to him his inten-
tions, and from him received such authority as a
Senator in his position could give in regard to the
opinions of the Senate. No one has been de-
ceived by Mr. Clayton's action. He took the
-only course which he could properly have taken
to make known to the Senate of the United States
what was about to take place through their proper
organ, the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. And I am authorized to say further, in
reply to the Senator from Louisiana, that not only
was Mr. King informed of the intention of Mr.
Clayton to communicate to Sir Henry Bulwer on
this subject, but what he did was known also to
the President and his Cabinet. He concealed
from no one who had a right to require a disclos-
ure from liim.
There is, however, in the letter of Mr. Clayton,
published in the Intelligencer of Saturday last, a
mistake which, perhaps, it is as well that I should
correct at once. In that letter as published this
phrase occurs: "The British title to the Central
' Apierican States was recognized by Mr. Polk in
' sending thpre Mr. Christopher Hempstead as
•consul." That, I am authorized to say, is a
clerical error. It should have been, " The British
title to the Balize was recognized by Mr. Polk."
I was so informed in a letter from Mr. Clayton
which I received this morning.
The Senator from Michigan seems to think that
there was some mysterious and injurious project
concealed in the word "dependencies," used in
the letter of Mr. Clayton. That expression is
very well explained by the language of the Con-
vention of 1786, which I have read. It shows
that Spain recognized the right of the British to
occupy those islands which are properly known
as the dependencies of British Honduras equally
with the main land. I believe the British have
extended, and have been more than one hundred
years in extending, or attempting to enforce their
jurisdiction oyer certain islands not named in that j
convention—the Island of Roatan, for example, I
which lies nearer to the other shore of the Bay of !
Honduras. They have had possession of and lost1
that island about five times. More than two cen- I
turies ago British buccaneers had a settlement
upon it, which was broken up by Spain in 1650. ;
In 1742, they took it again and fortified it. They !
weredistodged in 1780, and in 1796 made ita penal
settlement for the Caribs, whom they transported
to it from some of their West Indian Islanas.
Whether British encroachments are now going
on or not, is not material to this question. My
object in rising was to show that the Secretary of
I! State who negotiated this treaty could not be held
j, liable to the charge of having imposed upon the
: Senate a treaty, the purposes of which were dif-
; ferent from those disclosed. I think I have done
: so. A word more, and I shall have done. I re- ;
gretted to hear from the Senator from California ;
[Mr. Weller] a remark in which, according to ,
my recollection, he said, that he had never known '
i anything come from the Secretary of State who |
had negotiated this treaty which was not marked i
by extreme stupidity. I doubt whether another 1
member of the Senate would agree with him in
that opinion. Whatever the relations, political
1 or personal, of gentlemen may be with the late [
Secretary of State, I think it must be generally j
admitted that, so far from being a stupid man, he
was a gentleman of exceeding acuteness and re-
' markable ability. It was the very last charge I ]
should have expected to hear against that gentle- :
1 man. I hope the country will yet be able to hear ,
from himself (as they have before heard) what
will amply vindicate him from the charge of stu-
pidity, and I have no doubt they will soon have
that opportunity.
: Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, on the 19th
of April, 1850, what is called the Nicaragua Canal
Convention was signed at Washington by John
. M. Clayton, then Secretary of State for the United
States, and Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer, then a Min-
ister here for Great Britain. As approved by the
Senate and signed by the negotiators, and trans-
mitted toGreat Britain, itcontained, amongothers,
the following provisions, viz:
' " Art. I. The Governments of the United States and Great i
Britain hereby declare that neither the one nor the other
: will ever obtain or maintain for itielf any exclusive control
| over the said ship-canal, agreeing that neither will ever
I erect or maintain any fortifications commanding the same,
or in the vicinity thereof, or occupy, or fortify, or colonize,
' or assume, or exercise any dominion over Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central
America; nor will either make use of any protection which
either affords, or may afford, or any alliance which either
1 has, or may have, to or with any State or people for the !
I purpose of erecting or maintaining any such fortifications, ;
or of occupying, fortifying, or colonizing Nicaragua, Costa i
: Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central America,
' or of assuming or exercising dominion over the same; nor
will the United States or Great Britain take advantage of
any intimacy, or use any alliance, connection, or influence
that either may possess with any State or Government
through wlipse territory the said canal may pass, for the
purpose of acquiring or holding, directly or indirectly, for the
citizens or subjects of the one any rights or advantages in
regard to commerce or navigation through the said canal
which shall not be offered on the same terms to the citi-
zens or subjects of the other."
"Art. Vf. The contracting parties, In this convention,
: engage to invite every State with which either or both have
friendly intercourse, to enter into stipulations with them sim-
' ilar to those which they have entered into with each other, to '
the end that all other States may share in the honor and ad-
vantage of having contributed to a work of such general inter-
est and importance, as the canal herein contemplated. And
| the contracting parties likewise agree, that each shall enter
into treaty stipulations with such of the Central American '
State), as they may deem advisable, for the purpose of
. more effectually carrying out the great design of this con-
vention, namely, that of constructing and maintaining the
said canal as a ship communication between the two
oceans, for the benefit of mankind, on equal terms to all, I:
and of protecting the same. :
"Art. VII. The Governments of fhe United States and ■
, Great Britain, having not only desired, in entering into this 1 i
convention, to accomplish a particular object, but also to
! establish a general principle, they hereby agree to extend I
their protecuon, by treaty stipulations, to any other practi-
' cable communication*, whether by canal or railway, across |'
the Isthmus which connects North and South America, and ; i
especially to the inter-oceanic communications, should the ;
same prove to be practicable, whether by canal or railway,
which are now proposed to be established, by the way of
Tebuantepec or Panama. "—9 Stat. (U. S.) at Large, 995.
On the 29th of June, 1850, Sir Henry L. Bulwer |
gave notice to Mr. Clayton that he was instructed to
insist, in ratifying the convention, on an explana-
tory declaration, that the engagements as to neu- ji
tral territory did not apply to Her Majesty's settle- !;
ment at Honduras and its dependencies. On the
4th of July, 1850, John M. Clayton replied, that
the United States also understood that those en- '
gagements did not apply to British Honduras and
its dependencies, and with these mutual explana-
tions the convention was ratified and the ratifica-
tions were exchanged.
The British settlement at Honduras and its de-
pendencies consist of the town of Balize, on the
coast of the Caribbean Sea, with a tract of almost
barren and uninhabited country stretching inward,
containing about fifty thousand square miles, and,
as is alleged, of certain islands lying near by in
that sea, named Ruatan, Bonacca, Utilla, Barbarat,
Helena, and Morat, which territory and islands
are marked, in all British maps, as colonies of
Great Britain.
On the 17th of July, 1852, the British authorities
at the Balize issued a proclamation, announcing
that the Queen had constituted those islands a dis-
tinct colony by the name of the Bay of Islands.
On the 6th of January, 1853, the President of
the United States sent to the Senate an answer to
a previous call for information, and that answer
contained the notes between the late Secretary of
State and the late British Minister, declaring the
construction of the convention which I have men-
tioned.
The honorable Senator from Michigan there-
upon said that paper disclosed a very extraordi-
nary fact, to wit, that while on its face, and as
was understood by the Senate, the convention in-
cluded British Honduras and its dependencies, it
was without the knowledge or consent of the
Senate explained by the negotiators at the ratifica-
tion to exclude them; and that thus, in derogation
of the rights of the Senate, the construction of the
treaty was changed in a vital point; that in this
transaction the Executive Department of General
Taylor's administration had committed a great
error, unprecedented in diplomacy. And he pro-
tested that neither the Senate nor himself in ap-
proving understood the convention as it was thus
shown to have been understood by the negotiators
in ratifying it, and that if it had bfen so under-
stood by the Senate, it would not have received a
single vote; and in this protest he included the
honorable Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Kino,]
who at the time was chairman ofthe Committee on
Foreign Relations; and he alleged that that gentle-
man had told him that he had supposed until that
1 day that the project of accepting the Queen of
; England's qualification of the construction of the
i treaty had been abandoned, and that the conven-
tion stood without such qualification on its ori-
ginal provisions.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Downs] said that he thought the whole object of
the convention was to get the British out of Cen-
tral America, and that it was only on assurances
given by Mr. Clayton himself that this was the
effect of the convention, that he and others, so far
as he knew, voted for it.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase]
quoted from a geographical work the following
description of Central America, and affirmed that
he ana the Senate understood that all the region
thus described was included in the convention,
viz:
" Central America is the long and comparatively narrow
region between latitude 7° and 22° north, and longitude 78°
and 94° west, connecting the continents of North and South
America, and comprising, besides, the Central American
Confederation, Yucatan, parts of Mexico and New Gra-
nada, Poyais, the Mosquito coast, and British Honduras."
The honorable Senator from California [Mr.
Weller] declared that he was astonished to hear
the Senator from Louisiana say that be was sur-
prised at anything, however stupid, that might be
done by the late Secretary of State, Mr. Clayton,
and that he [Mr. Weller] had never known Mr.
Clayton to have any connection with any public
affair in which he did not show himself exces-
sively stupid, to say the least.
Mr. President, I shall endeavor to show that
these censures are groundless, and unintentionally
unjust.
First. Granting, but only for the sake of argu-
ment, that the facts stated are true, I shall show
that the transaction is not unprecedented in diplomacy.
The 9th article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidal-
go, as signed by the negotiators, was struck out
by the Senate, and another was substituted in its
stead. The Congress of Mexico refused to ratify
it, because it had thus been changed, as they said,
in a vital part. The Secretary of State, Mr.
Buchanan, by direction ofthe President, Mr. Polk,
without the consent or knowledge of the Senate,,
signed and delivered a protocol, declaring that the
suppression and substitution was not understood
by the United States to diminish what had been
stipulated before, and thereupon the treaty was
ratified, and the ratifications ^ere exchanged. I
do not say here, that that transaction was wrongl
or that whether wrong or right, it justified Mr.
Clayton. All I do say is, that even if Mr. Clay-
ton's misconduct has been such as is alleged, it is,
nevertheless, not unprecedented in diplomacy.
Secondly. I shall attemptto show that the mem-
