256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
motion, and it was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF DES MOINES RAPIDS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads ami Canals be
instructed to inquire into the expediency aisd necessity of
constructing a railroad from Xauvoo, at the head of the Pes
Moines Rapids, to Warsaw, at the foot of said rapids to
facilitate the improvement of the channel of the Mississippi
river, where the same is obstructed by the rocks in said
rapids, and that the committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SKELTON. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. STANLY. What it the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
resolutions.
Mr. STANLY. Then if we go through with
that, the gentleman from Illinois will have a chance
to offer his resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON called fortellers; but they
were net ordered.
The question was then put, and (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative1) the rules were not sus-
pended.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
tent of the House to take up joint resolution of the
Senate No. 64, " for the appointment of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution." It will take but
a moment, and it is very necessary that it should
be passed.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was taken from the Speaker's table.
The resolution provides that the vacancies in
the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion of the class other than members of Congress,
be filled by the appointment of Alexander Dallas
Bache, member of the National Institute, and resi-
dent in the city of Washington, and John Me-
Pherson Berrien, of the State of Georgia.
The joint resolution was then read three several
times and passed.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH NICARAGUA.
Mr. MEADE. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not incompatible
with the public interest®, alt correspondence not heretofore
published between this Government and that of Nicaragua
or her Minister here, since the 4th of March last."
Mr. STANLY. Would not that resolution be
in order when we get to the State of Virginia in
the call of the States for resolutions ?
The SPEAKER, It would be in order.
Mr. DUNCAN. I object.
Mr. MEADE. I move to suspend the rules so
as to enable me to offer the resolution.
The question was put, and (twothirdsnot voting
in the affirmative) the rules were not suspended.
BENJAMIN S. ROBERTS.
Mr. WILCOX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 429, " for the relief of Benjamin
S. Roberts."
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. WILCOX. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose.
The question was put, and (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative) the rules were not sus-
pended.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENN. In order to facilitate the busi-
ness of the House, I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution—one which I think
every one will agree to:
Resolve:7, That it shall be the order of the House, for this
day and each succeeding day, to call committees for re-
ports, for one hour daily, to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, until the committees are called through: Provided
That no bill reported from a committee shall be put upon its
passage when reported, except by the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
Mr. HENN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Upon that
motion I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Venable,
and Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re- j
ported 63 in the affirmative—not two thirds of a
quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. ORR. It seems as though we were likely
to spend the day uselessly, and I therefore move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
CI.OSE OF DEBATE ON DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me first to offer a resolution closing debate upon
the deficiency bill?
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the usual resolution,
to close the debate on the deficiency bill, in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
at twelve o'clock to-morrow, and I call for the
previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. The call of States for reso-*
lutions.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is a privi-
leged motion, as well as the motion made by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
appeal to the gentleman from Alabama to modify
his resolution. We are now considering the defi-
ciency bill, and there may be a great deal of dis-
cussion pertinent to that bill itself. I hope he
will, therefore, prolong the time o£discussion at
least one day.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the gentleman
from New York, 1 will say, that one reason why
I propose to close the debate is, that there has .
been no pertinent debate upon the bill, and there
willnotbeif we keep it open till the 3d of March.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
! The question was then taken on the resolution,
; and it was agreed to. '
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 now renew the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
! resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
l the state of the Union.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Phelps were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes 54.
So the rules were suspended, and the motion 1
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
(Mr. Bayly, of Virginia, in the chair,) end re- ,
sumed the consideration of House bill No. 335, I;
making appropriations to supply the deficiencies in -
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending June
! 30th, 1853—Mr. Bell being entitled to the floor.
Mr. BELL, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee an hour, in remarks (which
are published in the Appendix) against the policy
of the acquisition of the Island of Cuba. He was
opposed to its acquisition, peaceably or forcibly, at
the present time, but admitted that the time might
come, in the remote history of this Republic, when
its acquisition would be to the advantage of the
United States. If new acquisitions of territory
were to be made, he preferred that of Canada,
where there was an intelligent people capable of
self-government, ready and willing to become a
part and parcel of this Republic.
Mr. SKELTON, availing himself of the lati-
tude allowed in committee for the discussion of
subjects not immediately under consideration, pro-
ceeded to speak, first, in opposition to the resolu-
tion to confer the title of lieutenant general upon
General Scott, (not, however, on grounds personal
f to that distinguished soldier;) secondly, against
the bill to create a retired list for infirm and ineffi-
cient army and navy officers; and, in the last place,
against the proposition to increase the compensa-
tion of our ministers abroad. [Mr. S.'s speech is
j published in the Appendix.]
I Mr. WEIGHTMAN addressed the committee
| an hour (in remarks which are published in the
! Appendix) in regard to the censure conveyed by
the report of the Secretary of War upon the peo- ,
pie of New Mexico. He defended the character
of the people of that Territory for good citizen-
ship, and commented with some severity upon the
conduct of Colonel Sumner as Military Governor
of New Mexico.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor, and moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
(Mr. Bayly, of Virginia) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly House bill No.
335, making appropriations for supplying the de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1853, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. OUTLAW. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up bill No. 509, for the relief
of Elizabeth Armstrong.
Mr. SWEETSER. I regret that I shall have
to oppose the wish of my friend from North Car-
olina by objecting, but it is evident that there is
no quorum present.
Mr. OUTLAW. Then I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose. I desire merely to have
the motion entered.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered
upon the Journal.
Mr. OUTLAW. The motion being entered, I
move that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. WASHBURN : The petition of Jos. W. Cushing,
for bounty money to Mary H. Cushing.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of M. R. Keegan, J. Pren-
tice, Henry Merrill, and 98 other citizens of Wisconsin,
for a grant of certain lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Green Bay to Fort Winnebago.
Also, the petition of Patrick Cosgrave and 71 other citi-
zens of Kenosha, for a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of the Lake Shore railroad.
Also, the petition of A. Blossom and 240 other citizens of
Milwaukee, in favor of said grant.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: A petition from numerous
citizens of New Garden, Ohio, for the freedom of the pub-
lic lands to actual settlers.
By Mr. EASTMAN : A petition of John P. Sheldon for
additional compensation for service as assistant book-keeper
in Third Auditor's office, from May 4,1846, to May 31,1849.
By Mr. KUHNS: The petition of Sarah Mi*Clarrur, of
Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania, praying for a con-
tinuation of her pension.
By Mr. BOYD, of Kentucky: The petition of Warena
Howard and Sarah Brewster, praying that the provisions of
the bounty land laws may be extended to widows and minor
children.
By Mr. FAY : The petition of John T. Burnham and
others, of Essex county, Massachusetts, praying that the
benefit of the pension laws be extended to all persons who
served for any time in the war of the Revolution, and to the
widows and orphans of all such persons; and also that
the widows of soldiers of the Revolution married after Jan-
uary 1, 1800, be entitled to the benefits of such laws.
By Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania: The memorial and
papers of Peter H. Willets, of Philadelphia, for increase of
pension.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of James B. Lang-
dale, late a soldier in the United States Army, asking an in-
crease of pension.
Also, the memorial of William Piatt St. Sons, and many
Merchant Insurance companies of Philadelphia, asking for
the abolition of the tax for hospital money, and for legisla-
tion in behalf of young seamen.
By Mr. RIDDLE : A memorial of the commissioners of
the town of New Castle, upon the Delaware river, praying
Congress to complete the Government piers at said town.
By Mr. ROSS : Memorial of J. T. Rnlie, Jacob Mohr,
Joseph It. Sayer, and 168 other citizens of Lehigh county,
Pennsylvania, praying for additional bounty land to the sol-
diers of the war of 18 W.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 11, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. DODGE, of lowa, presented the credentials
of the Hon. George W. Jones, elected by the
Legislature of Iowa, Senator for six years from
the 4th of March next.
Mr. NORRIS presented the credentials of the
Hon. Charles Gordon Atherton, elected by
the Legislature of New Hampshire, Senator for
six years from the 4th of March next.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have the peti-
tion of John D. and M. Williams, an3 a large
number of others, in which they represent that
