THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1853.
New Series No. 17.
the Secretary of the Treasury, under certain de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
has issued a circular, in which he states that no
overpayment of duties will be refunded from the
Treasury, unless in cases where they have been
paid under protest. These gentlemen consider
themselves aggrieved by that decision, and they
ask for some legislation 111 order that they, as well
as those who have paid under protest, may come
in for indemnification for duties paid beyond what
the law required. 1 move that, without reading,
the petition be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of John
Thomas, representing that he has invented certain
improvements in steamboats, to prevent the loss
of life in case of fire or collision, and praying such
action in the case as the Senate may deem proper;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BUTLER presented the memorial of S.
Corley and others, Chaplains in the Army, pray-
ing to be allowed compensation for servant hire;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I beg leave to
present the memorial of the Relief Steamboat
Company, of Massachusetts, in which they set
forth the services which they rendered in April,
1850, after the occurrence of a storm in the har-
bor of Boston, or in Massachusetts bay, by which
the light at Minot's Ledge was overturned and
carried away. These parties then came forward,
and for a considerable space of time, by their boat,
supplied the exigency arising from the loss of the
light-house. They never received any compensa-
tion for their services, and they now ask Congress
to remunerate them. I present their memorial,
and move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce, to whose attention I respectfully com-
mend it.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Sarah
Kemble, widow of Charles Kemble, a soldier in
the last war with Great Britain, who died of dis-
ease contracted in the service, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions. |
Mr. HALE presented a petition of inhabitants I
of Somersworth, New Hampshire, praying that I
bounty land may be granted to all soldiers of the
last war with Great Britain; which was referred >
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE. I have received a petition, signed
by the laborers in the employ of the Secretary of
the Treasury, in which they represent that by a
late act of Congress the wages of the laborers in
one Bureau of that Department—the Land Office
—have been raised above theirs. They say that
they are doing the same service as the laborers of
the Land Office, and in the same building, and
therefore they think it unjust that there should be
a distinction between them. I ask that the memo-
rial may be referred to the Committee on Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. BELL presented the memorial of John
Shoemaker, asking payment for a reservation, as
provided in the treaty with the Cherokee Indians
m 1835 and 1836; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Iowa, praying a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Davenport to Council Bluffs; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of clerks
in the office of the commandant at the Pensacola
navy-yard, praying an increase of their compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Ambrose W. Thomp-
son, praying Congress to establish a line of mail
steamers between San Francisco and China; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of James
Pool, praying indemnity for land to which he had
a right of preemption and for which he paid the I
17
usual price, but which the Government of the !
United States granted and patented to another
person; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. ■
Mr. HAMLIN presented two memorials, signed
by citizens of Maine, praying for the passage of
the bill commonly known as Bennett's land bill;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of T. Mayo and eighty-two
other citizens of Brooks, Maine, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Brooks to Ban-
gor, in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of merchants and others of
Baltimore, Maryland, praying the erection of
permanent signals on certain dangerous points on
the Florida reef; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I present sundry memo-
rials, signed by officers and other persons, praying
that a hundred and sixty acres of land be given to
each person who served in the war of 1812, and I
ask that these memorials may be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. Several days ago I
presented a bill granting the relief asked for by
these petitioners, and I sincerely hope that it will
receive the favorable action of the Committee on
Public Lands.
They were so referred.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have also received, and
been requested to present to the Senate, a memo-
rial , signed by merchants, underwriters, and others
interested in the welfare of our mercantile marine,
in which they ask that the tax now exacted from
seamen under the name of "hospital money,"
may bg abolished; that a statement be made 40
Congress of the amount received for hospital
money since the establishment of the Government,
and of the amount thus collected which has been
expended for the support of marine hospitals.
They also ask that a committee be appointed by
Congress to take into consideration, and report at
the next session, a plan for the establishment of
naval schools in our principal Atlantic ports for
the education of youth for the mercantile marine.
They further pray that the law requiring that two
thirds of the men composing the crews of Ameri-1
can ships shall consist of American citizens, be ,
repealed. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Iowa, praying a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Davenport to Council Bluffs; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of William
Brown and others, in behalf of the pilots, ship-
masters, and ship-owners of New York, praying
that a bell beacon may be placed at Race Rock,
on Long Island Sound; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GEYER submitted an additional document
relating to the claim of John Owen, which, with
his memorial on the files of theSenate, was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
REPAIR OF THE LONG BRIDGE.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I wish to pre-
sent to the Senate a communication that has been
addressed to the two Senators from Virginia by a
number of the members of the Legislature of that
State, which is now sitting; in which they ask us
to endeavor to obtain an appropriation for the re- ,
pair or reconstruction of the Long Bridge over the
Potomac, which was damaged by a freshet during
last summer. I ask the Senate to allow me to
present this paper in the form of a memorial to
the Senate, in order that it may have its appropri- |
ate reference to the Committee on the District of 1!
Columbia.
This is a matter in which those citizens of
Virginia who live near to the city of Washington
are deeply interested, in reference to their com-
munication with market; and we. all know that
the citizens of Washington particularly, who are
immediately under the jurisdiction of Congress, feel
also a very deep interest in obtaining a renewal of
the communication with the opposite shore. My
own belief is, that the Committee on the District
of Columbia will find it better to ask for an ap-
propriation of whatever sum may be necessary to
repair the old bridge in such a manner as to admit
of its being crossed, and at the same time to have
the bridge at the Falls repaired. A controversy
has unfortunately arisen between the citizens of
the District of Columbia, in the cities of Wash-
ington mid Georgetown, as to the proper site for
some future permanent bridge. While that con-
troversy lasts, they have no communication at all.
I hope it will be found expedient by the committee
to ask for such an appropriation when one of the
general appropriation bills shall come up for con-
sideration, as may renew the communication be-
tween the two sides of theriverat both these points.
I present at the same time a resolution from the
Common Council of Alexandria, asking an appro-
priation for the same purpose. I ask that both
this resolution and the memorial which I have
heretofore referred to, be committed to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHI ELDS. I will take the liberty of stating,
in response to the Senator from Virginia, that we
presented such a proposition on a former occasion
for the repairof this bridge, in order that it might,
in the first place, be used as a bridge of service for
the District, until some other and better plan should
be agreed upon; but after a very long struggle in
this body, the committee were defeated in that
proposition, as the honorable Senator will very
well recollect, greatly to my regret. I was then
aware of the inconveniences which would arise,
and I am glad that the subject is now brought up,
in order to enable us to bring forward the proposi-
tion again under more favorable auspices.
The memorial and resolution were referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the Senate, two memorials of officers of the Army
serving in New Mexico, presented March 8,1852.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of William Reed. 011 tile
files oftliedenate.be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which were referred documents
relating to the claim of Sylvanns Culver, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief
of Sylvanus Culver and the heirs of John Pearson;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of David W.
Alexander, praying remuneration for losses sus-
tained during the war with Mexico, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
THE BASTROP GRANT.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which the subject was referred,
reported a bill confirming certain land claims in
Louisiana, in the Bastrop grant; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, this bill is to
confirm a certain class of claims reported on favor-
ably by the commissioners appointed for that pur-
pose. It has been recommended by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office and the Secre-
tary of the Interior. There is no dispute at all
about it. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
agree to consider it at this time.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to enact that such of the
claims entered in the report of the 30th of July,
1852, of the register and receiver at Monroe,
Louisiana, as, in their opinion, ought to be con-
firmed, according to the principles recognized in
the act of Congress of March 3d, 1851, pursuant
to which that report was made, be confirmed to
