1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
country willahow that such is the fact. But what
is the commerce of this District ? The gentleman
from Maryland says flour is the principal article.
Il is brought here for consumption. The District
isonlv six miles square. I wish I could state the
exact amount of money paid out here daily, quar-
terly. and yearly, in gold and silver, by the Treas-
ury Department, f do not recollect it. Perhans
some gentleman on the floor can inform us. We
know that the forty-rive thousand inhabitants of
this city are supported by the sold and silver which
are paid out of the public Treasury. Most of
them are dependents upon the public Treasury for
their living. What advantage do they obtain in
the circulation of this shinplaster currency .1 None
in the world. There is not a trader or any other
person here, u tio does not say, rid us of these
nuserab'e rags. Then, the persons who are bene-
fited bv it are those who issued their own notes.
Take the case of Selden. Withers & Co. There
is a large amount of public money put upon de-
posit with them. They put into circulation their
own notes, retain in their vaults the gold and silver
currency of the United States, and thus double
and treble their capital stock for purposes of ex-
change, brokerage, and speculation.
No man can see any benefit beyond that point.
I ask this House if they are willing to pass this
bill, however well-intended it may be, when from
the constitutional provisions we have seen that we
■have no authority to issue anything but coin 3
Mr. FICKLfX. I desire to correct my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] by statingthat
this bill gives no authority whatever to issue any
paper currency of any denomination, either by
express authority, or by implication, or otherwise.
The bank paper issued in this District, is issued
withoutany express authority of law, and because "
there is no positive prohibition against its issue.
This bill seeks to give no authority, in any way,
to issue any bills.
Mr. ORR. 1 would like to ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the District a ques-
tion, if the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Free-
mas] will yield me the floor for that purpose. I
understand that this bill has been introduced here
for the purpose of correcting an abuse in the cir-
culation of small notes, because the community
are likely to be injured by these notes coming from
establishments that are not abl? to redeem them.
Now, if the evil exists with reference to small
notes under the denomination of five dollars, is
not the evil to community greater for notes above
five dollars, and why should they not be provided
against as well as the small notes?
Mr. FICKLIN. I take great pleasure in an-
swering the question. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia were charged with this subject
by various petitions, as well from citizens of the
District as from citizens of Maryland, and other
States of the Union. Those petitions all pointed
to the small notes—all bills under five dollars. It
was with that subject that the Committee on the
District was charged,and not with theother branch
of the subject, as embraced in the amendment of
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter.] 1 will say to the honorable gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] that for one, with my
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] I am in
favor of a gold and silver currency, and opposed
to shinplastersand banks of any description what-
ever. Thecommittee, however, was charged with
suppressing what is called aij evil and nuisance in
this District—the issuing of notes of a less de-
nomination than five dollars, and by which gold
and silver were excluded from circulation. There
is a law in this District prohibiting the circulation,
as I understand it, of small notes, but no law pro-
hibiting the issuing of notes of five dollars and
upwards. The law in existence here now makes
it a criminal and penal offense to pass bills of less
denomination than five dollars; and the only rea-
son why the law is evaded is from the difficulty
of convicting by indictment, under the slow pro-
cess of law in this District.
Mr. FREEMAN. The chairman of the com-
mittee who reported this bill agrees with those
who are in favor of a constitutional and no other
currency, but offers as a reason why this bill was
introduced that the petitions upon this subject
which were referred to the committee only called
for the suppression of bills of less denomination
than five dollnr?, and the difficulty there was of
convicting persons under the existing laws. I
doubt not the petitioners, whose petitions were |
referred to that committee, were laboring under the ;
impression that inasmuch as paper money was in
circulation here, there was a law authorizing its
issuance. When 1 first came to the District anil
saw this paper money in circulation, 1 supposed
it was authorized by law. It did not occur to me
that all these ornamented paper mills claimed
their authority from the law of nature, as is now
asserted. Really nature must have a strange in-
cubation to bring forth such a progeny. The law
of nature is the law of God. How then does it
generate the children of the devil? The public
have been imposed upon with regard to this mat-
ter, and in ignorance of their rights they have
petitioned to redress but half the wrong inflicted.
It turns out now that the custom grew up vol-
untarily among individuals, and it has been coun-
tenanced heretofore by prohibiting the utterance of
bills of a less denomination than five dollars. It
is proposed now to continue the same wrong
against the Constitution of the United States, by
passing a similar bill, with more stringent powers
against those who are guilty of the offense.
Air. BOWIE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a single question : These private as-
sociations are like any other partnerships, the
members of which are individually responsible.
I suppose that in Mississippi, it would be lawful
for private associations to issue notes, if there was
no law against it.
Mr. FREEMAN. We have a right to issu§
our promissory notes. In Mississippi, we have
prohibited the utterance of any circulating medi-
um, except gold and silver. We have felt the evil
of this thing in that State. We were overflooded
with irresponsible bank currency and shinplas-
ters, and they droveaway the gold and silver; but
now we have abandoned the whole system, and it
seems to me that the shinplasters have all fled
from that country to the District of Columbia. I
think I recognize some of their old familiar faces
here. Since that time, the cotton crop of Missis-
; sippi has sold for gold and silver, and now you
i see that every man has his coffers filled with coin
instead of shinplaster currency. It is the duty of
Congress to see that nothing but the constitutional
coins of the land are legalized as a circulating me-
dium within this District.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman, give
way to a motion that the committee rise?
Mr. FREEMAN. I will yield the floor for
i that purpose.
The question was then taken on Mr. McMcl-
ljn's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee then rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 341, " to suppress the circulation of small
notes as a currency in the District of Columbia,"
but had come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, the House
then adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 12, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information in relation to the con-
struction of a building for a branch Mint in Cali-
fornia; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating the report of Mr. Stansbury on
the Industrial Exhibition held at London, in 1851;
which was read.
Also, a report of the Secretary of State, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, certain correspondence relative to the en-
croachments of Indians of the United States upon
the territory of Mexico; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the memorial of
E. S. Frederick, Isaiah Deane, and John Henry,
workmen on the Capitol extension, in the city of
Washington, under the superintendence of Mr.
Samuel Strong, in which they represent that they
were employed on said work, at $3 25 per day,
which afhount was paid them at the expiration of
each month by the clerk or paymaster, for which
amount, they signed the pay-roll; that immediately
after so receiving that amount, they were com-
pelled to pay over to Robert Strong, their foreman,
and Mr. Kensley, one dollar per day, those per-
sons informing them, thatif they refused to refund
them one dollar per day, they should no longer
do work on the building; that at one time during
the time of their working on the building, w'lien
receiving their monthly pay, they retained the
whole amount, and absented themselves, when
the parties before named employed a man to look
them out to return to work, which they accord-
ingly did/refunding as aforesaid one dollar per
day; that while they were retained on the work,
others were discharged; that the time-keeper marked
and allowed them more time than they worked,
receiving as aforesaid for each and every day so
allowed the sum of one dollar. The petitioners
therefore charge the persons as aforesaid with de-
frauding the Government, by allowing them more
time than they made on said work, and defrauding
them out of one dollar for each day they worked
on said building. The petitioners therefore fray
that a committee of Congress will have witnesses
summoned before them for the purpose of investi-
gating the facts of the case. The petition was re-
ferred to the Select Committee on Frauds, &c.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of Albert
G. Howell, praying the confirmation of the title to
a certain tract of land to the legal representatives
of William Weeks; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Frances Ann McCauley, widow of Daniel Mc-
Cauley, Consul General of the United States at
Alexandria, in Egypt, praying an allowance for
office rent in the settlement of his accounts; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. FISH. I presenta memorial, very numer-
I ously signed by ship-masters, ship-owners, and
II others, of New York, stating that they have been,
!! most of their lives, engaged in the pursuit of the
sea, and complaining of the operation, upon the com-
mercial marine, of the law of ]850,abolishinglcorpo-
ral punishment. They do notask for the repeal of
! that law; they wish to give it a fair trial; and in
[ order that they may do so, they ask Congress to
provide a substitute for that species of punishment.
11 I move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
! mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
" Mr. FISH also presented a petition of survivor?
of the war of 1812, and their relatives, residents
! of the city of New York and its environs, pray-
ing a modification of the bounty land law, and re-
monstrating against the passage of the homestead
bill, and against a division of the public l.inds, ex-
cept upon certain considerations; which was re-
| ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
! Also, a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
of New York, and a memorial of Nathaniel L.
| Griswold, and others, praying that the Secretary
of the Treasury may be directed by law to refund
:( any excess of duty that has been, or may hereaf-
I ter be exacted, whether paid under protest oroth-
I erwise; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Wil-
liam C. Parke, heir and legal representative of
Matthew Parke, captain of marines on board of
I the frigate Alliance, praying a distribution of the
unclaimed balance of prize money granted by Con-
I gress for the relief of the heirs of John Paul Jones;
j which was referred to the Committee on Naval
j Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of Stock bridge, Mas-
sachusetts, praying the adoption of measures for
the amicable settlement ofinternational difficulties;
which was referred to theCommittee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire topresent the memo-
rial of Hiram O Alden and James Eddy, citizens
of Maine, proposing to construct a telegraphic
line from some point—St. Louis, I believe—to the
Pacific ocean. I desire to say that these gentle-
men are both men of the highest respectability, and
in the possession of very considerable pecuniary
ability. They set forth with great clearness the
object which they have in view. They propose to
