264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
construct this line of telegraph wholly at their own
expense, and make it a subterranean line, in order
to prevent its destruction by the elements or by
savn<*es; and after having constructed it, and after
having "ranted to the Government an uncondi-
tional and unlimited right to use it for its own pur-
poses. tliey ask for the remuneration of a portion
of the expense of the line by a grant of public
lands. As 1 believe the Committee on Territo-
ries have had the subject before them, I ask that
this memorial may be received, and referred to
that committee.
I also present a memorial of citizens of Belfast
and Bangor, Maine, in support of the same prop-
osition; which 1 move to refer to the same com-
mittee.
The memorials were referred to the Commtttee
on Territories.
PAPER WITHDRAWN A.VD REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. TOUCEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Eneas Munson. mi the files
of the Senate, be referred M the Committee on Revoiuuon-
ary Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of
James E. Smith and Edwin Smith, reported a bill
" authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
' issue a register to the Hanoverian brig Michael,
' now owned by James E. Smith and Edwin
'Smith, of Sag Harbor, New York;" which was
read a first and second time bv its title, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. No amend-
ment being made, it was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the joint resolution
appointing Stephen Colwell trustee for the heirs
of Joseph Ball, deceased, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof: which was
agreed to.
NAVAL PENSION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill from the
House entitled " An act making: an appropriation
"for the payment of Navv pensions for the year
ending 30th of June, 1854;'" and I ask the Senate to
take it up now, as it will give rise to no debate.
The bill consists but of a single item.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $25,000 for the pay-
ment of Navy pensions for the next fiscal year.
Mr. HUNTER. The bil', as I said before,
consists of a single item, and is in accordance with
the estimates.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I am also in-
structed by the same committee to report back the
bill from the House entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1854," with an amendment, which is to
correct a date. The bill is strictly according to
estimate, and I ask the Senate to consider it now.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the aboveearned
bill.
It proposes to appropriate for the next fiscal
year the following sums:
For invalid pensions under various acts  xi80 000
orf5n?J14Dl TKVid°rSra,,,<1S,rphan,Und<!r lhe ric^
of July 4, ISP6, and July 21. 1848  or ono
18.«nS,°na l° W"I°W'! ,he "f ~th July, '
For prions' toWidows'unde'r'th'e ac'tof March 3. 90,000
lo4o      
Forpenstons to widows under the acts of June IT '
1844, February 2,1848, and July 20, 1818   272 000
For half-pay pensions to widows and orphan" '
S? fsrii° j'T'fc eection of the  C1 of Januarv
Tci of!4nl ll" «rEt.and SW°',d 8eC,i°"S 0f ",c !0 mo
The amendment of the Committee'on Finance
is to strike out "seventeenth," and insert " six-
teenth, in reference to the net of June, 1844
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment is only to i
make the recital of the act correct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am not going to oppose the .
passage of this bill; but inasmuch as I offered a !
resolution some time since, directing the Commit>
tee on Finance to report the general appropriation
bills, and as I do not intend to press it, I wish to
give the reasons why I introduced it.
It is well known that, since the commencement
of the Government, the House of Representatives
have originated the appropriation bills. But in
the early periods of the Government they were
reported at proper times. They were brought
forward soon enough to allow the Senate to give
them a proper consideration—to enable the Senate
to examine them. But a practice has grown up re-
cently, by which we are merely made the registrars
of the edicts of the House of Representatives. The
object which I had in view in introducing the res-
olution to which I refer, was, if possible, to give
the Senate a fair opportunity of participating in
the legislation of Congress in reference to appro-
priations.
Mr. President, I have gone to some pains to ex-
amine the history of the Government on this sub-
ject. I find that at the beginning of the Govern-
ment the fathers of the Republic laid it down, as
a steadfast rule, that there should be full and am-
ple opportunity for the examination of these meas-
ures.
The people of the United States have estab-
lished a Constitution and Government for them-
selves. They have vested all granted legislative
powers in Congress, consisting of a Senate and
House of Representatives. This grant imposes
upon Congress the obligation to pass all laws ne-
cessary and proper, within their specified powers,
for the support and perpetuity of the Government
thus established; and the obligation thus resting
upon Congress collectively is secured by the oath
taken by every Senator and Representative to sup- ,
port the Constitution, which binds them individu-
ally. This is the active, operative, or vital power,
which is confided in by the people, to provide the
means for all the purposes of Government and to
authorize their application to its support and
maintenance in all its departments. Nor can this
solemn and imperative duty be intermitted with-
out a violation of oath, or a treasonable disregard
of the vital interests and safety of the country.
It is true that the executive power is vested in
the President, which involves the disbursement
and expenditure, under his direction, of all the
mone^- appropriated by law; and it is also true
that Congress have a necessary duty to perform
in scrutinizing the expenditures of the Govern-
ment.
Upon this subject the great and good President
Washington, in his Farewell Address, remarked
that—
" The necessity for reciprocal checks in the exercise of
political power, by dividing and distributing it into different
depositories, and constituting each the guardian of the pub-
lic weal, against invasions by tlie others, has been evinced
by experiments, ancient and modern; some of them in our
own country, and under my own eyes."
The prescriptions and policy of those stern re-
publican patriots, Jefferson and Madison, were the
same, and the practices of their administrations
corresponded strictly with that principle.
The paternal admonition thus communicated to
their countrymen by these fathers of the Repub-
lic, has always been, and it is hoped will always
remain, the true policy of this Government; but it
will avail but little, snould only the appearance
and shadow of this salutary principle remain, and
the substantial benef^s that might be derived from
its steady observance be lost by the manner in
which Congressional legislation in reference to the
annual appropriation bills for the support of the
Government are managed.
The practical fruits contemplated by the true
policy upon this point have been to regulate and
economize the expenditures of the Government;
to preserve the accountability of public officers
and agents, and restrain all tendency on the part
of the Executive Departments to extravagance
and disregard of the laws.
The Constitution declares, that "M money
shall be drawn from the TYeasury but in consequence
of appropriations made by law."
In the proper view of the subject, it is necessary
that the general appropriation bills be reported
and considered at an early day in each session, to '
afford time to examine and discuss them by the
Representatives and Senators in Congress in due '
season; and on reference to the laws it will be
found that the practice of Congress has been, for I
the most part, during the first half century of its i
1' existence, to pass those laws within thefirstquarter
; of every year; and usually the action of the House
of Representatives has been had in time to enable
the Senate also to examine and discuss their pro-
visions for themselves.
So essential was it considered by the House of
Representatives that these bills should be brought
in for the action of the House at an early day, that
they adopted the following rule:
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Ways and
Means, within thirty days alter their appointment, at every
session of Congress, commencing on the first Monday of
December, to report the general appropriation bills, for the
civil and diploniatieexpensesof Oovernment, for the Army,
for the Navj, and for the Indian Department and Indian an-
nuities; or in failure thereof, the reasons of such failure.
The House of Representatives also adopted the
following rule:
"General appropriation bills shall be in order in prefer-
ence to any other mils of a public nature, unless otherwise
oidered by a majority of the House."
These provisions evinced the best intentions on
the part of the House to facilitate the passage of
those bills; but they went further, in order to ex-
clude from them every matter that might be calcu-
lated to give rise to unnecessary debate, and delay
such passage, and adopted the following rule:
• " No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law."
In a corresponding spirit the Senate adopted the
following rule:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall he received to any general appropriation bill, unless it
be made to carry out the provision*, of some existing law,
or some act, or resolution previously pa«~eri by the Senate,
during that session, or inpursuance of an estimate from the
head of some of the Departments; and no amendment
shall be received, whose object is to provide for a private
k claim, although tile same may have been previously sanc-
tioned by the Senate.*'
Yet, notwithstanding the adoption of these sal-
utary rules by the two Houses, which they had a
perfect right to adopt under that clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that "each House may
determine the rules of its proceedings," the man-
ner in which these bills have been brought in and
passed through of late years, has violated all the
salutary provisions and considerations enumerated
in the premises.
1st. It has violated the rules of the House of
Representatives hy bringing in the bills far be-
yond the time required by its rules.
2d. It has violated the rules of courtesy to the
Senate, as well as the spirit of the Constitution,
which requires the deliberation and concurrence of
the Senate in all bills before they become laws,
by delaying their passage in the House of Repre-
sentatives until within a few days, and even some-
times within a few hours, of the expiration of a
session of Congress; thus rendering it totally im-
practicable for the Senate to exercise that judg-
ment, or perform that duty regarding such bills
which the Constitution requires.
3d. It has not only violated the spirit of the
Constitution, but has endangered the best interests
of the country and the integrity of the Govern-
ment, by throwing it in the power of one indi-
vidual, in either House of Congress, under the
rules, to defeats bill upon which the support of
the Executive branch, or the entire Government
may depend for a year.
4th. It thus frequently places it in the power of
one individual to control the will of all the other
members of the body, presenting to honorable and
conscientious men the alternative, either to con-
sent to propositions totally at variance with their
best judgment, or to stop the wheels of Govern-
ment by defeating appropriation bills necessary to
its existence.
5th. It thus establishes and familiarizes the le-
gislators and the people with that specious law of
necessity which is the plea of tyrants, and is alien
to every principle of republican government.
6th. It obliges both branches of the National
Legislature to confide their entire powers to the
hands of a committee of two or three individuals
to decide upon matters of great importance,"im-
posing upon them the necessity of reversing the
judgment of one or the other of those branches,
and possibly both, and thus concentrates the
power of Congress in the hands of a small com-
mittee.
7th. These difficulties are rendered manifest by
the fact that these appropriation bills have some-
times been sent from the House of Representa-
tives to the Senate within the three last days of
