1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
dered to Don Jose Rosi y Rubia, who resumes |!
possession of it in the name and on behalf ot the :
government of Honduras. And this closes the
attempts made by England during the last century
against that part of the world.
^The treaty of peace of 1 ^ 14, however, revives,
by incorporating them in its provisions, those
quoted above from the treaty of 1766. W hat
then ? . . .
In 1821, Central America proclaims her inde-
pendence; and soon afterwards, Honduras, organ-
ized into a State, takes possession of the islands in
her bay, as of so many dependencies, and passes
them under the same title to the possession of the
Federal Republic of Central America.
In 1830, we find again the British hand extend- 1
ing over these islands, and they are seized upon
bv^ the superintendent at Balize. The confed-
erate! Slates of Central America remonstrate, and
the British Government is brought to disavow the
act of its agents.
What occurred afterwards would hardly be
worth relating, if it did not tend to show the un-
yielding pertinacity of England to hftld fast to
these important points of location in a military,
naval, and commercial point of view. Colonel
McDonald, in 1841, again shows the flag of Eng- -
land at Roatan and Guanaja. He is, however,
recalled by his Government in 1S43, when Hon-
duras renews her remonstrances, but is soon
hushed by the obstreperous interposition of Mr.
Faucond, appointed in the place of McDonald,
and by the subsequent blockades and threats
which enabled Mr. Chatfield to keep in awe the
refractory, but weak State.
Thus have I showed what, under existing trea-
ties, would be the pretensions of England to any
partof Central America,exhibiting at the same time
with what greediness she has ever coveted a foot-
hold upon it.
Can these high-handed attempts on the part of
England, which 1 have just narrated, in any way j
alter or modify the tenure under which she holds j
the precarious rights awarded to her by the treaty
of 1786? They could have imparted to her no
political jurisdiction, and I have the best proof
that whatever they may have been of late in her
eyes, she never considered them as implying more
than a mere occupancy for specific purposes—the
cutting of dye-woods within a defined district.
The act of George III, 57, passed June 27, 1817,
defines, with an unerring precision, the nature,
import,and extent of thosegrants. Its title reads,
".in act for the more effectual punishment of murders
and manslaughters committed in places not within )
his Majesty's dominionsand its provisions are
headed by the following preamble:
'■ Whereas erievous murders and manslaughters have j
been pominitted at the settlement in the Bay of Honduras,
the «ame being a settlement for certain purposes, in the
po3«escion and under thp protection of his Majesty, but not
within the terriloly at id dominions of his Majesty," &c.
" Therefore,
I have, I think, shown conclusively that Eng-
land herself never understood, prior to the late
events that have occurred in Central America, that
she possessed anything more than the precarious
license to which I have on more than one occasion
alluded.
If such be her tenure with respect to her settle-
ments at Balize, how can she, under its cover, set
up any claim to colonize the bay islands? When
wc-re these a dependency of Balize? And if not
a dependency of Balize, what right has England
to extend thither any settlement whatsoever, and,
least of all, a system of complete colonization?
Though her conduct in this instance be in strict
keeping with what we know of her past history
in reference to other possessions, I cannot even
admit the supposition that she means seriously to
Bet us at defiance, and to bring into ridicule that
Monroe doctrine, the boast of our statesmen, and
thp miin pivot on which has heretofore turned the
foreign policy of our Government with reference
to the concerns of this continent.
I wish not to light up fires that might lead to a
general combustion. I am not insensible of the
dangers of a contest, in the present condition of
our Pa-ific coast especially, between these States
and any of the maritime Powers of Europe. Still,
I desire that the world may know that it were not I
safe for anv of them to presume too far or too
long on our wish for peace and tranquillity. In an
emergency, we would soon be found prepared to
compete successfully with any or all of them. I
have no fear for the result of such a contest, and !
yet I would avoid it; for if it should ever take
place, I cannot but apprehend that we would
realize the stupendous hope which Canning ut-
tered when, upon the invasion of Spain by France,
he had in contemplation the impendency ot a con-
flict between England and the continental Powers
of Europe. Yes, sir, we might see " ranged be-
' neath our banners, to take part in the struggle,
'all the world's malcontents, all the age's unquiet
'spirits, all those who, justly or unjustly, are dis-
' satisfied with the present state of their coun-
' tries." The idea of such a situation excites my
dread, as it excited the dread of that great states- |
man; for it would show that a might exists in the
spirit of freedom perhaps more terrible than has |
ever been seen in action throughout the history of I
the human race.
I have done. Before resuming my seat, how- ,
ever, let me express an abiding confidence that
this matter will shortly come before us in some
tangible shape, through which we may intimate
our desire that, in case there be any discrepancy
between us and England, with reference to the
meaning of the treaty, the latter may be notified
of our determination to suspend its action.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not propose to go at large
into this debate. I entered into it originally for the
purpose of defending a late Secretary of State (Mr.
Clayton) from the charge which had been made
against him, that by a correspondence with the
British Minister, subsequent to the ratification of
the treaty, he had done away with what some gen-
tlemen in this body understood to be the true pur-
port and intent of the treaty; and nothing which
has been said to-day, has shaken my conviction
that the Secretary has been successfully defended.
England, by that treaty, as I understand it, re-
nounced no right which she had in British Hon-
duras, and neither that treaty, nor Mr. Clayton's
letter, undertook to fix the character of the rights
which Great Britain may have in that region of
the world.
i But there are other gentlemen in this body who
think that the intent of that treaty was to sweep
l British occupation from the entire Central Ameri-
ca, including British Honduras. So did not I
think. I think the intention was to limit the en-
croachments of Great Britain, which we knew
were going on, to check the extension of her pos-
sessions in that quarter, but to leave the posses-
sions which she was actually then enjoying pre-
I cisely as they were, without impeachment, and
without sanction. That is the view which many
of us here understand is to be taken of it. But
how happens it, Mr. President,—if the construc-
tion of the treaty which is given by gentlemen on
the other side be correct, and the intention was to
sweep the British away from all their possessions
in that quarter, even from British Honduras,—that
from the date of the ratification of that treaty, down
to the present time, which is two years and a half,
the British have continued their occupancy, pre-
cisely as they had it at the date of the treaty, and
from not one of those gentlemen—who now de-
clare, most'sincerely no doubt, that they under-
stood the object and effect of the treaty to be to
put an end to that British occupancy—one word
of remonstance has been heard against such con-
tinued occupancy, in violation as they say of the
true intent and purport of that treaty ? That single
fact is, in my opinion, an ample vindication of the
late Secretary of State.
But, sir, I do not propose to go into this discus-
sion. I am afraid I have talked too much about
it already, and 1 apologize for having said these
few words. The main purpose of my rising was,
to make to the Senate a statement, which I have
been requested to make, on behalf of Colonel King.
I have received this morning, by the hand of an
honorable member of the other House from the
State of Alabama, [Mr. Bragg,] the following
communication:
" Colonel King desires Mr. Pearce to say in the Senate,
that it has not been his desire or intention, in anything
which hp ha* b*en represented as saying, in reference to the
Clavton and Bnlwer treaty, to cast the slightest imputation
on Mr. J. M. Clayton, in relerence to that matti r. On the
contrary he desires to do Mr. Clayton the justice to say,
that he is convinced that in everythingconncctPd with that
treatv he Mr. Clayton, was actuated by a patriotic anxiety
to protect the rights and interests of his country. Colonel
King feels mortified that anything said by hint, under a mis-
apprehension of the facts of the case, should have -been
made the basis for unjust reflections on Mr. Clayton."
I I do not feel authorized to add a word of com-
ment to this statement, except to say, that it is
perfectly consistent with that character for strict
integrity, and scrupulous honor, which has ever
been enjoyed by Mr. King.
Mr. SOULE. 1 wish to ascertain whether the
honorable Senator from Maryland means to apply
what Mr. King says, of his conversation in refer-
ence to Mr. Clayton, merely to what transpired
lately, or to those conversations of which many
of' us have had occasion to speak, as connected
with the ratification of the treaty.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no authority to make
any application of the statement at nil. I pre-
sent the statement at the request of Colonel King,
and I cannot undertake to say to what remarks it
applies.
Mr. SOULE. I meant only to ask whether the
honorable Senator had any means of ascertaining.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not the means of know-
ing anything, except the communication which I
have read to the Senate. I have had no oppor-
tunity of seeing Mr. King during his sickness.
This paper was handed te me this morning by the
Hon. Mr. Bragg, of the House of Representa-
tives, with a request by Mr. King, that I would
read it in the Senate on his behalf.
Mr. SOULE. Does the honorable Senator un-
derstand it to apply to the original remarks?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know that 1 under-
stand the honorable Senator. I do not know that
I can put a construction on Mr. King's statement
or say to what it applies, though I think it is quite
perspicuous.
Mr. SOULE. I merely want to ascertain of the
Senator himself, whether he understood this ex-
planation given by Mr. King as applying to any
other conversations than those which have taken
place lately ?
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose it applies to what
was said in the Senate some days since, but 1 have
no authority except to make the statement as I
have read it.
Mr. SOULE. Well, I shall cover the whole
ground myself. It will be seen that the honorable
Senator labors under a misapprehension, and I
i am sure that he would be the last one to be will-
ing to do so. He will feel some gratitude if I shall
be able to set him right. I have not disclaimed in
any way the right of England which I have char-
acterized as precarious, of cutting logwood in
Honduras. Whatever that right may be, we have
never disclaimed that it was considered by us all
as being untouched by the treaty; but what we
had disclaimed was, that we could not understand
the treaty as leaving untouched the question of
sovereignty in those islands, and I am going to
show, from the very language of Mr. Clayton,
that we were right.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me
—if I understood him aright, I do not know that
there is any difference between him and myself in
that particular. The Senate will recollect that
when I made my remarks on this subject the other
day, I expressly stated that Great Britain had ob-
tained her right of possession in those regions un-
i der the'trenty of 1763; that she had claimed to have
some title before, and perhaps made some irregu-
lar settlements, but the first valid treaty was that
. of 1763, which defined the purpose of her occupa-
| tion. I stated further, that by the treaty of 1783,
the boundaries within which England might pro-
ceed to exercise her privileges were defined, and
a further privilege was given while the convention
of 1786 extended the bounds of the British occu-
pancy. I do not know that I mentioned the fact
of the acknowledgment of those existing treaties,
by that of 1814. That is undoubtedly as stated
by the honorable Senator from Louisiana. In
nothing that I have said at any time, have I under-
taken to vindicate the rightful dominion of Great
Britain to those countries. I have expressly re-
frained from that. I have spoken of the circum-
stances under which she obtained possession, and
of the encroachmentsby which she has endeavored,
in violation of the treaties which conferred on her
restricted rights, to obtain an absolute dominion.
I do not see, therefore, that in this respect, there
is any difference between the Senator and myself,
unless it be this: that I suppose the Clayton and
Bulwer treaty to leave the rights of Great Britain,
whatever they were, in British Honduras, with-
out impeachment, and without sanction.
Mr. SOULE. Whence, then, I would ask, can
i arise the discrepancy between us and the honor-
