268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
able Senator? We, from the outset, unhesita-
tingly admitted that in so far as certain precarious
rights might be claimed and held by Great Bri-
tain, as haying been transferred to her by the treaty
of 1783, and afterwards by that of 1786, they
remained untouched. But other pretensions than
those admissible under the mere sufferance allowed
by those treaties, were understood to be enter-
tained by England, and those were the preten-
sions which this treaty was meant to do away
with. It left to England none of those rights
through which she might assume any political
jurisdiction over the country it covered, and this
was all of Central America; and on this point the
honorable Senator will allow me to satisfy him
that our understanding of the treaty was in strict
accordance with that of Mr. Clayton himself, as
exhibited in the instructions which he gave to that
able,efficient,and patrioticagent,Mr. Squier, when
he put him in charge of our interests as connected
with the republic of Nicaragua. It will be remem-
bered that those instructions bear date the Tth of
May, 1850, and were therefore anterior to the ex-
change of the ratifications between the two nego-
tiators. Here is the language which Mr. Clayton
uses in reference to this subject:
"We have never acknowledged, and can never acknowl-
edge, the existence of any claim of sovereignty in the Mos-
quito king or any Indian in America. To do so, would be
to deny the title of the United States to our awn territory.
Having always regarded an Indian title as a mere right of
occupancy, we can never agree that such a title should be
treated otherwise than as a thing to.be extinguished at the
will of the discoverer of the country. Upon the ratifica-
tion of (he treaty, Great Britain will no longer have any
interest to deny this principle, which she has recognized in
every other case, in common with us. Her protectorate
will be*reduced to a shadow, estat nominis um/rrd;' for she
can neither occupy, fortify, nor colonize, or exercise do-
minion or control in any part of the Mosquito coast or Cen-
tral Jlmerica. To attempt to do' either of those things,
after the exchange of ratifications, would inevitably produce
a rupture with the United States."
Mr. PEARCE. I do not perceive any discrep-
ancy between the Senator and myself; certainly
not as regards the Mosquito coast, of which I
have refrained from speaking, or of the rest of the j
States of Central America—none at all; but there |
is a difference between the Senator from Louisiana i
■ and the Senator from Michigan, which I will not |
attempt to reconcile. j
Mr. DOWNS. Some documents have been |
published this morning, for the first time, which ;
throw light on this subject, and corroborate very
fully and very completely the positions taken by
the honorable Senatorfrom Michigan and myself,
and others, in regard to the provisions of this
treaty. While the matter is fresh in our minds,
it will be well to refer to those documents. I will,
therefore, read the message of the President of the
United States, transmitting the treaty to the Sen-
ate, which clearly indicates the construction which
we have placed upon the treaty, that it did em-
brace the whole of Central America, including
Honduras. I shall not stop now to discuss the
nature of the possession, or the right which Great
Britain had there. But the position that I as-
sumed, and so I understood the honorable Senator
from Michigan to assume, was, thaf after that
treaty, the British Government retained no power
> to occupy, fortify, or colonize any portion or Cen-
tral America, including what is called British
Honduras; and I think the message of the Presi-
dent, transmitted with the treaty, clearly shows ,!
that he and his Cabinet entertained the same opin- 1
ion. In that message, dated April 22, 1850, the !
President uses this language:
" It will be seen that this treaty does not propose to
take money from the public Treasury to effect any object '
contemplated by it. It yields protection to the capitalists
who may undertake to construct any canal or railway j
across the Isthmus, commencing on the southern part of 1
Mexico, and terminating iti the territory of New Granada."
Here are words which define the limits of the 1
treaty. It embraces the whole of Central America
The object is " to construct any canal or railway
across the Isthmus, commencing on the southern
part of Mexico, and terminating in the territory
of New Granada." I would ask whether in the
territory " commencing on the southern part of
Mexico and terminating in the territory of New
"Granada," British Honduras is not included?
Here we have the language of the President of !
the United States, to the effect that the treaty was !!
intended to apply to that region, and to the whole !
of it. But that is not all. Let us proceed. It ''
will be found that this message completely refutes ;
the argument of the Senator from New York, i
[Mr. Seward,] that the treaty was intended only
! j to provide for a canal across the Isthmus, for the
President expressly states that one object of the
1 treaty was to protect Central America from for-
eign aggression, and to maintain the independ-
ence and sovereignty of all the Central American
republics. The message further says:
" It gives no preference to any one route over another,
j but proposes the same measure of protection for all which
ingenuity and enterprise can construct. Should this treaty
be ratified, it will secure in ftiture the liberation of all Cen-
tral America from any kind of foreign aggression."
" Any kind of foreign aggression." The Pres-
ident first states what is Central America, and then
says that the treaty applies to all. But that is not
all. He continues:
" At the time negotiations were .opened with Nicaragua
, for the construction of a canal through her territory, I found
Great Britain in possession of nearly half of Central Amer-
! ica, as the ally and protector of the Mosquito king. It has
been my object" —
I call the attention of the Senate particularly to
this—
" It is has been my object in negotiating this treaty, not
only to secure the passage across the Isthmus to the Gov-
ernment and citizens of the United States, by the construc-
tion of a great highway, dedicated to the uses of all nations
on equal terms, but to maintain the independence and sov-
ereignty of all the Central American republics."
Now, if that language does not sustain the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] and myself—if the
treaty does not embrace the whole territory, as the
President says, from the southern boundary of
Mexico to New Granada, I am at a loss to find
words to express that meaning. While we are qji
this subject—for it is an interesting one, and I
think everything in regard to it ought to be under-
stood—I would like the honorable Senators from
Maryland [Mr. Pearce] and New York, [Mr.
Seward,] who have looked so closely into it, and
talked so much about British rights, to explain
what they mean by those British rights. Do they
! mean that England retains after this treaty, or had
! before, the right not merely to cut wood in Hon-
duras, but to colonize it, as they have now, in a
, proclamation, declared their intention to do ? That :
' is the real question. Weassumethat, by the treaty,
I it has renounced that right. The late President of 1
the United States seems to have entertained that [
view when the treaty was submitted to the Senate; j
and I would like to know now if the gentlemen 1
, still think that, under the stipulations of that treaty,
1 they have that right ?
There is another circumstance, Mr. President,
to which I wish to call the attention of the Senate
on this subject, and it is to show that this idea of
the construction which is now contended for by
1 the British Government Originated in a very late
period; for at the very time that the treaty was
signed, on the 19th of April,-Mr. Clayton's letter,
published this morning in the correspondence be-
tween him and Sir Henry Bulwer, shows, that so
careful were they, when the projet of the treaty
was submitted to different Senators, it was also
transmitted to England, and submitted to Lord
Palmerston; and Sir Henry Bulwer says, in his ■
letter, that he was authorized to sign the treaty I
precisely as it came back, and makes reference to '
some verbal alterations, which he says were not
material. Now, it is very strange, after the treaty
was drawn up, and sent to Lord Palmerston, and
came back without any change of importance, and
when we have the letters both of Mr. Clayton and
Mr. Bulwer at the time of signing the treaty, dis-
coursing on other matters, and making no allusion
to this, that such a construction should be put
upon the treaty as is sought to be put upon it by
tne English Government. It seems never to have
been thought of at that time. It was not until
after the treaty was ratified, after the power had
gone from the Senate—some time in July, 1850—
that the President in another message used the
language referred to by the Senator the other day,
from which it is implied that Honduras was not
included in the treaty. Had not the Senate, then,
a right to understand the treaty as the President
understood it when he submitted it to them ? I
think this sustains to the fullest extent the posi-
tion taken by us, that if the treaty had been un-
derstood in any other way than that it did em-
brace the whole of Central America, it would never
have.been ratified. When it was ratified we had
the message accompanying itbefore us. It is ma-
terial to look to that. It uses language very dif-
ferent from that used in July, which could have >
j no bearing on the treaty, because it was ratified.
; It would seem, then, that this information had
been purposely withheld from the Senate of the
United States. The question had not arisen, it ig
true, when the treaty was ratified; it was not sug-
gested, and therefore could not have been commu-
nicated. The message, then, clearly shows, in
my opinion, that the President understood the
treaty precisely as we do. I thought this docu-
ment so important that I have brought it to the at-
tention of the Senate while the subject is before us.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Senator from Loui-
siana has misapprehended the meaning of the para-
graph which he read from the message of Presi-
dent Taylor. The President, when he speaks of
the treaty as giving " protection to the capitalists
who may undertake to construct any canal or rail-
way across the Isthmus, commencing in the south-
ern part of Mexico, and terminating in the terri-
tory of New Granada," alluded to the different
propositions for making an inter-oceanic commu-
nication across different parts of the Isthmus; one
was by the Teliuantepec route, another by the
Panama railroad, and the third was by the way of
Nicaragua. And when he speaks of the territory
commencing at the southern part of Mexico and
running to New Granada, he speaks of it in regard
to the different parts through which these three
different routes were proposed to be constructed.
That is all. It is true he says:
" It has been my object in negotiating thi.< treaty, not
only to secure the passage across the Isthmus to the Gov-
crnment and citizens of thp United States, by the construc-
tion of a great highway, dedicated to the uses of all natiom
on equal terms, but to maintain the independence and sov-
ereignty of all the Central American republics."
And in my judgment, that treaty—if it be not
violated—does effect those objects. It maintains
the sovereignty and independence of Guatemala,
Salvador, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Honduras.
It takes away from the British all shadow of a
pretense for enforcing dominion over what is called
the Mosquito shores. It stops the encroachments
which at that time they were making by running
the claim of the Musquito king below the river
San Juan, and extending it from Cape Honduras
to Escuda de Veragua, as Mr. Buchanan says
they were doing, in his letter of June 3d, 1848, to
Mr. Hise; and it prohibits all further attempts on
the part of Great Britain to establish her domin-
ions there by meatls of. her so-called protectorate,
or by colonizing on the Mosquito shores, or in
any of the Central American States.
I will add—though it is not appropriate to this
debate, and I have endeavored to refrain from
speaking on any subject except what belongs to
tne occasion—that it rather seems to me to be an
encroachment on the part of Great Britain to take
possession of the islands on the southern shore of
Honduras bay. So I hinted, 1 think, when I
spoke on Monday; but I refrained from express-
ing myself directly, because it did ifot properly
belong to the subject before the Senate, my object
being to vindicate a late Secretary of State from
the charge of having, by his correspondence with
Sir H. Bulwer, effected a change in the treaty after
its ratification. I now repeat the question which 1
asked when addressing the Senate before, if the
construction of the Senatorfrom Michigan is right,
and the treaty was intended to exclude British oc-
cupation from the whole of Central America, in-
cluding " British Honduras," why is it that that
Senator, learned and astute as he is, and familiar
with]our foreign affairs, has never, from the date
of its ratification down to the present time, a period
of two years and six months, remonstrated against
the continued occupation by Great Britain, which,
in his view of the treaty, is a violation of it ?
Mr. CASS. I will tell the honorable Senator
directly.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have no wish, after what
has been presented to the Senate by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, to add anything to what
he has stated. I rise at this time, not to interfere
in this question of veracity, or even about the con-
struction of the treaty 
Mr. PEARCE. It is not a question of veracity.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, not veracity; for there
is no question of veracity in fact in the case; it is
a mere matter of information, and perhaps misun-
derstanding. But, I repeat what I have said be-
fore, that whether you give to this treaty the mean-
ing put upon it by the negotiators, their own pri-
vate understanding, or whether you give it the
