1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
meaning that the language imj>orts, the treaty has
been violated by the seizure of these islands. So
ur as Balize,or what is termed British Honduras,
is concerned, 1 am not disposed to enter into that
question now, and for this reason think it might
be impolitic for us at this time to construe the
treaty iti relation to it, as I apprehend, iu doing
so, it might embarrass our friends hereafter. 1
shall leave that--question/or the., future; but what
I mean to state is this—and I am happy to say that
the honorable Senator tro in Louisiana [Air. fc>oi"le]
has established it this morning—the islands that
have been erected into what is called the Colonv
of the Bay of Islands, never belonged to British
Honduras or its dependencies. The honorable
Senator from Louisiana shows, that by the treaty
of 1786 Great Britain had a right of occupancy
on the Bay of Honduras. He goes further and
states, what is, I believe, overlooked by the hon-
orable Senators who spoke on the other side, that
that right was reasserted and reestablished by the
treaty of lt*l4, and that it jyas nothing more than
a mere license—the right of occupancy, the right
to cut logwood, to carry off rtiahogany, and erect
structures ajid buildings for that purpose, aDd that
alone.
That treaty embraces the district. The district
is there defined. It is bounded and marked in the
treaty; and nowhere in the treaty ol 1786 or in
that of 1814, which reasserts the provisions of the
treaty of 1786, are the Islands of Roatan and the
surrounding islands noticed or referred to. On the
contrary, the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. SorLE,] has shown that as late as 1830 the
British Government renounced all title to these
islands, disavowing the act of their own officer, and
restoring the islands to Honduras, giving them
back to their original owners.
That was as late as 1830. But now, sir, in 1852,
there comes a proclamation from the British au-
thorities, seizing these islands and erecting them
into a permanent British colony. The honorable
Senator from Michigan—and I sincerely thank him
for the act—finding this fact published in the news-
papers, introduced a resolution, calling upon the
President for information as to the seizure. What
information comes? They sent us a message,
stating, I believe, that they had no information as
to the seizure of these islands. I am happy that the
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce]
has, so far as he is concerned, made a statement
this morning, which precludes the necessity of my
referring to his speech, tie says that he believes
the seizure of the islands to be a violation of the
treaty. The Department has no information on
the subject; and yet, sir, as early as 1851, the
papers were filled with news that the British au-
thorities were about to seize the islands. The ini- j
tiative steps were taken in 1852, and the islands |
were seized and converted into a British colony.
The honorable Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] arfued the other day as if Balize, or
British Honduras and its dependencies embraced
these islands. He says he found them marked
blue on the map, the sign of British dominion
everywhere, i suppose, upon the same principle,
if he had found them marked black, they would
have belonged to Hayti. It is a curious way for
a gentleman to establish a title to territory, be-
cause he finds it indicated by a particular color on
the map He said they were a part of the de-
pendencies of British Honduras. There is not a
British statesman who would rise in the British
Parliament and make that statement. They were
never claimed by Great Britain as a part of the
dependencies of Honduras. Great Britain dis-
avowed them as a part of its dependencies. They
are not only leagues, but degrees from Balize.
If the Senator from New Vork had been as ac-
curate in his information as he usually is, he would
have found that the dependencies or islands to
which he refers, are n little group of islands run-
ning along the coast of Honduras: but not these
islands, not this large group, which is the key to
the bay of Honduras and the Caribbean Sea, and
the strongest position in that part of this Conti-
nent. Permit me to give the opinion of some
writers in relation to the vaiue of these islands.
Here is what a Spaniard (Alcedo) says: "Itmay
' be considered as the key to the bay of Honduras,
' and the focus of the trade of the neighboring'
'countries."
And an English writer says they may be con- 1
sidered as «' the garden of the West Indies," the I
" key to Spanish America," and " a new Gibral-
tar" on this Continent.
Therefore, what I want to assert, and I confine
myself to that t'nis morning, is, that to this coun-
try the seizure of these islands is a matter of vast
importance; that it is an infraction of the treaty,
put either construction upon it; an open violation
of it; that these islands form great military, com-
mercial, and naval depots upon your southern ,
coast; that it is a part of that girdle of fortresses
with which Great Britain is now inclosing this
country. Commence at Halifax, go to the Ber-
mudas, and then go south and put her in posses-
sion of these islands, and she hf>s a girdle of for-
tresses around your coast. And her military men
boast of it. It is worth while to read how the
military men of England regard these possessions
as the strongest nfthe southern seas, controlling
the Caribbean Sea, the bay of Honduras, and Cen-
tral America, and exposing our whole southern
coast, and forming a link in that chain of posses-
sions which Great Britain is now extending round
this countrv.
I merely rose, not to enter into this doubtful
question, but to show that no matter how this
point is argued, the seizure of the islands is a vio-
lation of the Clayton and Bulwer treaty, and this
has nothing'to do with any pretension, or any
right, or any pretense, which Great Britain claims
to the possession, called Balize, or British Hon-
duras .
Mr. HALE then obtained the floor.
Mr. CASS. I hope the honorable Senator will
allow me to answer a question which was put to
me, and I will not detain the Senate ten minutes .
in doing it.
Mr. HALE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland, made a sort of appeal to me,
in the shape of an argumentum ad hominem, with a
good deal of emphasis apparently, because he had
twice done the same thing. He seemed to suppose
that because I did not bring this matterbefore the
! Senate and the country at an earlier day, it must
i be considered that it was because the alarm which
he thinks has been raised, did not exist, or was a
niatter of very small consideration. Now, sir, I
cannot put my finger into every dish of diplomacy.
I suppose the Senate and the country will say that
I have been pretty busy about these matters of
, foreign relations. I have done my share, and 1
am afraid the country thinks I have done more
' than my share. I am not bound to watch every ■
aggressionjand if I were to do so, I should have
enough to do. But the truth is, the moment this
usurpation assumed, as my honorable friend from 1
Illinois says, a very flagrant character, so that
there could be no doubt about the facts, or two
days afterwards, I brought the subject before the
Senate.
As to the state of Balize from the time of the
ratifiation of the treaty -up to the time of this dis-
cussion, I have only paid a general attention to it.
I saw the question alluded to in the papers, but
what was the nature of the jurisdiction which the
British exercised there, I did not know, and I do
not know to this day. I have seen that Great
Britain hasnot gone on to establish a colony in the
usual way, appointing a Governor; but she seems
to have halted and to have stopped nearly half
way. I do not to this day know what kind of ju-
risdiction she claims to exercise there, but I do
know now, that, in the very face of this treaty,
she, in July last, went on to establish a colony
called the " Bay of Islands," and as soon as I did
know that, I proposed to the Senate to call on the
Executive for authentic information as to the state
of facts there, and why they had occurred.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Michigan
will permit me, I will read to him from the treaty
of 1786, which defines the rights of Great Britain
with the utmost accuracy throughout.
Mr. CASS. The Senator may read it, if he
wishes, after I get through, but I am now occu-
pying the floor through the courtesy of the honor-
able member from New Hampshire, and I there-
fore trust the Senator will allow me to go on.
Mr. HALE. I was about to ask whether it
was in order for the Senator from Michigan, after
receiving the floor from me, to transfer it to any
one else. • ... „ * t i j
Mr. CASS. The Senator is right. But I had
another reason for saying a word or two more on
this subject, and it is in consequence of an allusion .
made, rather indistinctly, by the Senator from Ma-
ryland to another consideration, and that is to the
origin of this matter. As I before mentioned to the
Senate, as soon as I was aware of the colonization
of the Bay of Islands by the British, and of the
assumption of general jurisdiction and dominion
over them by the British Government, I brought
the subject before the Senate. I introduced a res-
olution calling for information from the Executive
in regard to it. What was the answer to that?
Why, as my honorable friend from Illinois has
said, the existing Administration very truly re-
turned us as an answer, that they knew nothing
about the subject. But they sent us a copy of an
important document from the archives of the Gov-
ernment, bearing upon the question. They do-
scribe it truly, as a very important document; and
what was it? Why, that document was a sort of
supplementary, i/uasi-post ratification between the
Department of State and the British Minister, re-
stricting and confining the terms of this treaty
within narrower limits than I know I put upon
it, and I believe a large portion of the Senate put
upon it. In that document was contained an ex-
tract from a note of Colonel King to Mr. Clayton,
saying the Senate perfectly understood the thing
so, to wit: that all knew the treaty did not include
British Honduras. I, as one Senator, knew that I
did not so understand it. I take it, then, that it
was not only my right, but it was my duty to
announce to the country that I was not one of
those Senators who had put that construction upon
the treaty. Before I did that, as a matter of deli-
cacy and propriety, I called upon Colonel King,
and I repeated, word for word, to the Senate,
the conversation which took place between us. 1
stated expressly, that Colonel King did allude to
an undefined right of the British to cut logwood.
He did not go into a full consideration of the mat-
ter, but he stated distinctly that in his view, there
was an undefined right to cut logwood.
I reported to the Senate, with my own exculpa-
tion, (if you may so please to call it,) the facts as
they occurred. The main fact which I wanted to
establish, in relation to myself was, that I had no
participation in the ratification of such a treaty as
some gentlemen, and among them Mr. Clayton,
say was submitted to the Senate.
Mr. President, the treaty came before the Sen-
ate purporting to cede, or rather to abjure, all do-
minion or jurisdiction on the part of the British and
American Governments to " Central America."
Now, what is " Central America?" That is the
Foint which we had before us the other day, and
want to say a word on that subject. Central
America is a geographical portion of country.
Why was the term used in the treaty ? Mr. Clay-
ton expressly tells you in his letter that the term
was used on the suggestion of Lord Palmerston.
Why Lord Palmerston suggested it, I am sure I
do not know. The result of his usage of it is very
clear, that the British are setting up a claim which
they never could have had any shadow of title to
setup if that term " Central America" had not
been used. Unfortunately Lord Palmerston's
suggestion was accepted, and the term " Central
America"was used; and it is now contended that
that term meant the States of Central America—
that it had a political signification, and was used
in that sense, and not in a geographical sense.
Why, you might as well talk of the political States
of the Heptarchy. The political States of Central
America had been dissolved, and that had become
a mere historical designation. There is no such
thing as a political community known as " the
States of Central America." The States compos-
ing that division have resolved themselves into
their constituent elements. The governments that
composed it have, after a few years union, become
independent of one another. The tie that bound
them together has been dissolved, and when the
treaty was made there was no such thing as a par-
ticular country known by the name of " the States
of Central America." What right, then,hasany
man to say that this was a political designation—
that the term " Central America" was used to des-
ignate a political state of things when that state
of things had ceased to exist for years ?
I understood " Central America," in the treaty,
and many other gentlemen have confirmed my
understanding, as referring to geographical "Cen-
tral America;" and I repeat,—what no gentleman
has yet answered and what is unanswerable,—if
, "Central America," as used in the treaty, meant
