270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
the States of Centra! America, what excuse is
there for not saying so? If the general geographi-
cal term embraced a larger extent of country than
was intended, why was the treaty sent to us in-
tending to embrace the minor, when, upon its
face, it seemed to embrace the greater subdivision?
Why was not the term "States ofCentral Ameri-
ca," or equivalent term, used, showing the ob-
jects and actual interpretation of the parties to the
treaty ? That is what I want to know, Mr. Presi-
dent, and that is what no man has told me.
Now, with respect to the construction of the
treaty, I believed then, as I believe now, that the
treatv, according to a fair and reasonable con-
struction of its terms, includes Honduras; that
Great Britain save up all sovereignty and jurisdic-
tion over Honduras. That fyas always been my
belief. As to the right to cut logwood, if she hail
it at all, she had it in subordination to the dominion
and jurisdiction of the country, liable, as I under-
stand, for 1 have not looked into it, to be termina-
ted at any time; but at any rate liable to the do-
minion and jurisdiction of the country, for she
herself expressly renounced all jurisdiction. Upon
thatl havethesameviewashasmyhonorablefriend
from Louisiana; and although the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland does not see any difference in
the views of the honorable Senator from Louisiana
and himself, I see a very great one. The honor-
able Senator from Louisiana considers "Central
America" to mean Central America, to include
all Honduras, and not to exclude a subdivision of
it, which, on some British maps, is called British
Honduras. When the term " Central America "
is used, it includes the whole of Honduras; and if
there is any exclusion, it is, as the Senator from
Louisiana savs, only exclusion of a temporary
right on the part of England to cut trees there,
leaving the general dominion and jurisdiction in
the very words of the act of the British Parlia-
ment, which has been alluded to, in "the State of
Honduras." That was my view then, and it is
my view now. I
Mr. HALE. As I have but very little to say, j
and as I desire to say it in order, I would be
obliged to the Chair to state to me what question
is before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. There is no question be-
fore the Senate. Senators are going on, making
personal explanations, which have been allowed ]
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. j
Mr. HALE. Then I suppose anything is in
order. It is rather a singular position to put a
man into, to have him speak when there is no
question pending. But, asfrom the remarks which
some gentlemen have made, this matter has as-
sumed an importance which does not suggest it-
self to my mind, and which is not palpable to me,
and as I am obliged to form my ideas on the real
and intrinsic importance of the question from the
view which other gentlemen take of it, I feel that
it is due to myself, in view of the contingencies
which may hereafter arise, to make this a matter
of some consequence, and to state what my recol-
lections are.
I remember something about this treaty. I
happened to be a member of the Senate at thetime
it was submitted to this body, and I voted for its
ratification, and I wish to state the distinct recol- i
lections which I have upon the subject. Before I
do that, however, as there is no particular question
before the Senate, and as it is a time for explana-
tions, let me explain another matter.
I regret to see the tone and temper of some of
the remarks of gentlemen as ha%'ing a tendency to
excite a sort of national prejudice against Great
Britain. Sir, in saying that I regret to see such
prejudices appealed to, do not let it be supposed
that 1 stand up here as the humble advocate of
England, because I have not the least concern in
the world about her. You may get your indigna-
tion up to the highest pitch you please; you may
make a direct issue with her on the Monroe doc-
trine or anything else you please, and it needs no
prophet to foretell what the end of that controversy
will be. Why, sir, you will back square out,
just as you did upon the Oregon question. No I
matter how high your indignation may go, no
matter to what a fever-heat your patriotism may ;
excite you, when the issue comes you will back
out; you will come down from 540 40' to 4901
and if that is not low enough you can come down i
lower. Therefore, sir, my anxiety is not for Eng- i|
land; but I will tell you what it is: this patriotism
must have vent somewhere, this indignation must
have a victim, and it will fall on Mexico, or Costa
Rica, orsome of those little States that are not able
to bear it as well as Great Britain is. It is for
that reason that 1 feel exceedingly pained to see
so much fever-heat got up against England when
I know somebody else will have to take the blows,
if blows come, because of the fact staring you in
the face which the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Mallory] stated the other day—I do not know
whether or not that statement was made in secret
session; but if it was, I believe the injunction has
been removed 
Mr. CASS. The injunction has been removed;
all is open now.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from
Florida told you that Great Britain had one
ship 
Mr. BUTLER. That was in secret session.
Mr. HALE. Well, I have not let out much in
telling you that Great Britain has one ship.
1 [Laughter.] As it was in secret session I sup-
pose I shall have to stop here. The public can
take as much advantage as they please of the fact
which transpired in secret session, that " Great
Britain has got one ship," and I will not state
what the honorable Senator said about that ship;
but there is an impression on my mind from what
was said, that we are in no sort of danger of going
to war with Great Britain—not the least in the
world.
Again, sir, if these islands are not dependencies
of Honduras, they do not relate to this subject—I
beg your pardon, Mr. President; we have no sub-
ject before us—but they do not relate to this treaty,
and will more properly come before the Senate
when we shall have some subject before us. Gen-
tlemen are talking about the construction of the
treaty, and if there have been aggressions on the
part of Great Britain on any portion of the conti-
nent, or on the islands of the sea outside of that
treaty, they do not pertain to the treaty; and if you
j make an issue with Great Britain on that subject,
you must take some other form of action than that,
of arraigning herforan infringement of the treaty.
I have said that I was a member of the Senate
at the time this treaty was before us for ratifica-
tion. I was not an entirely inattentive observer,
though I was not one of the distinguished gentle-
men who were consulted. I do not remember, in
the discussions which I heard in the Senate—and
I am certain I did not hear, in any conversation
which I had with any single individual, from the
time the treaty was signed until its final consum-
mation—that the British title to Honduras was
brought into question at all. I did not hear it
named. I did not hear it mentioned once, directly
or indirectly, remotely or immediately, in all the
discussion which I heard, and in the private con-
versations in which 1 took part. The suggestion
that it related to British Honduras never fell upon
my ear. But I did hear this: I heard there was
one of the sovereigns of the earth of whom the
honorable Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Mangcm] spoke the otherday—but I believe that
was in secret session—I heard there was a certain J
gentleman on the Mosquito coast who called him- [
self King of the Mosquitos—a dark complex-
ioned gentleman. [Laughter.] I did hear that
the British Government was about establishing a
protectorate over that Mosquito King. Under the
pretense that this gentleman was a sovereign of
that coast, Great Britain was extending her pro-
tection over him, and was in that way interfering
with our rights—with the territory which lay in
our way, as we were undertaking to negotiate for
a right of transit across from one ocean to the other.
I heard, also, that tlferelinquishmentand renounce-
ment which was contemplated by that treaty, so
far as I had the remotest intimation from anybody
at any time, in public or in private, related to that
pretense of right by which Great Britain was seek-
ing to extend her protectorate over the King of the
Mosquitos. 1 cannot state what was said—I can-
not state what entered into the cognizance or con-
templation of other gentlemen. I can only say,
that I no more heard in public or in private—that
I no more thought that the question brought up
by that treaty was an abandonment by Great Bri-
tain to what right she might have in Honduras,
than I supposed the United States thought of sur-
rendering any rights they had in Louisiana or Vir-
ginia. I do not say that it was not so; I do not
say that every other member of the Senate did not
construe it and read it exactly different from my
reading and construction. I can only give my
testimony as one of those who were here, an actor
and a voter upon that treaty, and let it go just ex-
actly for what it is worth. It is negative, f grant;
but I take occasion, as an attempt is made to give
some importance to this matter, to lay my humble
testimony before that country and that public who
are to judge upon it; and 1 aver and declare, upon
my honor as a man, and as a Senator, that I never
heard, nor thought, nor did it enter into my im-
agination until very lately, that the question of the
British title to Honduras, be it what it may, was
affected one way or the other by the treaty which
we have ratified. Having said this much, I take
my seat.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to occupy the floor,
fo* a moment, as a matter of explanation, to finish
a sentence which was begun by the Senator from
New Hampshire. I believe it does not contravene
the rule of the Senate for a member of the body to
explain his own actio*, or what he may himself
have said in secret session. I would not infringe
upon the time of the Senate for a moment, to say
a word upon the subject, if the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire had not left unfinished a
sentence from which a wrong inference might per-
haps be drawn; and if it be consistent with the
rule of the Senate upon the subject, I will say that
when referring to ships, in the remark to which
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire has
alluded, I was endeavoring to present to the Sen-
ate my view of the condition in which the country
would be, if the ideas in which some gentlemen
seem at this moment to indulge, prevailed here.
I was endeavoring to present the condition of the
country to meet that contingency which seems
somewhat to depend upon the course of debate
now pursued. I presented this practical difficulty
These islands, of which we have heard so much,
are not dependencies of the British possessions in
Honduras. They never have been so considered;
and notwithstanding the fact that the British Gov-
ernment has possessed them and colonized them,
and established over them a government, she never
had any claim to do so. If you seek a practical
issue upon this subject, you have it now fairly
offered. There is no inquiry necessary. She is
I there. She has a right to defend them; and my
j word for it, she will never surrenderthem. But, in
[ connection with that, speaking of the condition of
our Navy, I said Great Britain had one ship^
which, upon a fair field, on the Atlantic ocean,
would be a match for the entire Navy of the
j United States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, this dis-
cussion divides itself into two distinct subjects;
and 1 intend to be very brief upon both of them.
The first relates to terra firma—the continent; the
second relates to the islands in the Bay of Hondu-
ras. Our attention was called to the first by the
j remarks of the honorable gentleman •from Michi-
gan; and the suggestions made by him,and others
in the course of the discussion,have pretty clearly
intimated that the treaty of 1850 hsjd been ratified
in consequence of something like a suppression of
the truth on the part of the late Secretary of State,
(Mr. Clayton,) which, had it been communicated
to the Senate, would have produced the rejection
of the treaty by a unanimous vote.
Now, sir, upon what does that allegation rest?
It rests upon the idea that when the treaty used
the term " Central America," it meant to include
what is now called British Honduras, and that by
using in the treaty language broad enough to em-
brace British Honduras, the subsequent explana-
tions which passed between Sir Henry Bulwer
and Mr. Clayton show that a fraud had been
practiced upon the American Senate. This is the
view taken by the Senator from Michigan, founded
upon an allegation that the geography of the
country—that well-established geographical facts—
prove that British Honduras falls within the term
"Central America," as used in the treaty; and
that has been unfortunately conceded, as I be-
lieve, by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] and perhaps by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.]
Sir, when 1 voted for the ratification of the treaty,
I did it upon the ground that all Central America
•was embraced by it, and that Great Britain would
be thereafter excluded from Central America; but
1 like the gentj^man from New Hampshire I can
say, as a Senator, that I never dreamed, I never
