THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 13, 1853.
New Series....No. 18.
published in little pamphlets and scraps the whole
census and all the statistical information which
has been obtained; and [hen when the time shall
come to publish the complete census, the House
will find that they are republishing what has
already been printed and circulated.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. With the gen-
tleman's permission, I desire to make a single re-
mark here. The abstract of the census published
last year was on a single sheet, and cost just one
cent a copy. In that form it has been scattered
all over the Union,and in all probability has been
destroyed by this time. If it is embodied in this
year's report, and sent to the country in a bound
form, it will be more lasting, and will of course be
preserved.
Mr. GORMAN. The different interests of the
country desire different kinds of statistical inform-
ation. The great commercial interests desire sta-
tistics in regard to commerce and navigation; the
agricultural interests desire statistics with regard
to agricultural products, and so on. Now, if you
pursue this course of publishing the information
by scraps, when the time comes to publish the
whole in one general volume, you will be pointed
to the fact that one part of the information has
been published in this volume, and one part of it
in that volume, and to the amount of expenditure
that has been already incurred.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman will recollect
that my objection last year to publishing the ab-
stract, was the very one which he urges now. I
stated to the House then, that if the returns were
published in scraps, we should have no compen-
dium in which all the statistics could be referred to
at once. That was my objection. The gentleman
speaks of those valuable papers published last year.
Why, the whole one hundred thousand cost only ,
$1,060, and they are most valuable. It is in order
to have those tables in a permanent form, that we
wish to reprint them, and put them in this small
volume, which wilt be a full compendium of the
census.
Mr. GORMAN. It was not the Committee on
Printing who proposed to publish these statistics '
in scraps. A gentleman from Pennsylvania, during |
the last session, introduced a resolution to print 1
one hundred thousand copies of the abstract, and .
this session, the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Meacham] introduced a resolution to print one j
hundred thousand copies of the report that accom- 1
panied the President s message. !
The Committee on Printing had the subject un- .
der consideration, and have reported the resolution
back without any recommendation. The com-
mittee did not concur in it. For one, I do not ap-
prove of it. The committee ascertained that it
would cost five cents and six mills a aopy, or $5,604
for one hundred thousand copies. They reported
that fact to the House, and the House ordered the
printing. The committee did not order it. It was
not their doing.
I cannot see why the gentleman from Georgia,
or some gentleman interested in the agricultural
statistics, should not at once make a move for the
publication of our national census. It is high time
if you expect, during this year, to have the census
of the United States, as it has been taken under
the order of this Government, published, to have
some move made in regard to it. It is time that
, the House of Representatives should begin to act
upon that subject.
A Member. Why do you not make the move
yourself?
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman asks why I 1
do not make a move myself? That is a pertinent
and proper question. The Committee on Printing
cannot move in this matter, because nothing has
been referred to it upon which to act. There is a
resolution under consideration by that committee,
introduced by myself during the Thirty-first Con-
gress, relative to the mode and manner of printing
the census. That resolution will come up in due
time for consideration, and when it does come up
the House will act upon it. But if we wait until
we reach it upon the calendar, there will be no ac-
tion upon it daring the present Congress. These
18
statistics were taken by order of Congress, and if
we intend to publish tnem at all, it is time that the
House of Representatives should make some move
towards publishing the whole work.
Mr. WASHBURN. The House, as I under-
stand the subject, authorized the printing of one
hundred thousand copies of the report of the Su-
perintendent of the Census, made recently to the
Secretary of the Interior. The book, as stated
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] will comprise about one hundred and twen-
ty-five pages. It will make quite a book, and
very much of its value for preservation will de-
pend upon its being bound. I think, therefore,
that the recommendation of the gentleman from
Kentucky should be sustained by the House, and
that this book should be bound. And if it is to be
bound, I think the abstract which was published
last year, might also very well be included with it.
It will make some fifteen or twenty pages only,
not more than two forms; and I presume will not
increase the cost of the book to any considerable
amount. That is a valuable little document. I
imagine there was no single act of the last Con-
gress which was more generally approved by the
people than the ordering the one hundred thou-
sand copies of this abstract. I had more in-
quiries for it than for anything else. It was in
demand by the people generally. But as suggested
by the gentleman from Kentucky, it has, most
likely, been destroyed. There are but few copies
now in existence. It is a document which is very
convenient- and necessary for reference. If we
will therefore adopt the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and include
this abstract in this book, it will be what is re-
quired. If this book, which will then comprise
nearly all the most valuable information in the
I census statistics, be published, we shall not then
need to publish a very large number of the report
in extenso—not more than fifteen or twenty thou-
sand, or fifty thousand at the outside. It cannot
go into general circulation; and it seems to me it
would be very well if we can have a book of this
sort containing nil the most valuable information
in the report.
Mr. LETCHER. If it is in order, I move to
lay the whole subject on the table.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; then I will move
the previous question upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw that motion until I can sub-
mit my amendment in a modified form.
Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will then modify it so as
to test the sense of the House and bring them to
a direct vote upon incorporating the tables pub-
lished last year into this small volume. 1 call the
previous question.
Mr. STUART. Before the gentleman calls the
preyious question, I desire to make a suggestion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will hear the gentleman's
suggestion.
Mr. STUART. The suggestion I make is this:
It is competent now for the House so to amend the
instructions to this committee as that they shall
take into consideration the propriety of having the
returns of the census of 1850 printed. Let that
matter go to the committee along with these in-
structions.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman will see that
my amendment does not contemplate a further
reference. It reads:
" And that the said committee cause to be published by
the public printer, and bound with the said report, one hun-
dred thousand copies of the abstract of the census reported
to the House at the last session."
Now, to accomplish the object of the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] I will add—
be it further retolvei, That the Committee on the
Public Printing be directed to inquire into the expediency
of publishing the census, and upon what plan.
Mr. STUART. That will accomplish my ob-
ject.
I now call for the previous
Mr. STEPHENS.
question.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion of the gen-
tleman to recommit the bill with instructions?
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir. My motion pro-
vides that the Committee on Printing shall cause
this abstract to be printed with the report now
before the House, and then to instruct them to in-
quire into the expediency of printing the entire
census, and into the plan.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order at this time to
introduce these amendments, and attach them to
the resolution reported by the Committee on Print-
ing, which is for the positive action of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that it
was competent for the House, by unanimous con-
sent, and by unanimous consent only, to entertain
these several propositions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. ORR. I hope thegentleman from Georgia
will adhere to his original proposition to refer the
subject back to the Committee on Printing with
instructions. I think, myself, that it is time a
complete report of the census should be printed;
and that may supersede the necessity of the print-
ing comtemplated in this resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS. I gave the House my rea-
son for thinking that was not the beat course. That
committee may report back a plan for printing the
general census, which may not so readily meet the
approbation of the House. I therefore prefer that
this abstract should be incorporated, and let this
report beprinted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Is it intended
that these instructions proposed by the gentleman
from Georgia, shall go to the members of the Com-
mittee on Printing belonging to this House, or to
the whole committee? It seems to me it should
go to the Joint Committee on Printing.
Mr. GAYLORD. The law regulates that.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think it is better that my
amendment shall remain as originally offered. I
now offer it in that form, and call the previous
question.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman will in-
clude the subject of printing the entire census.
We shall never get an opportunity to get in such
a resolution. We can only offer it when some
report of the committee is before the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. That can be done at any
time by referring a petition upon the subject to
that committee under the rule. I insist upon my
i call for the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the res-
olution as amended adopted, as follows:
Rrsolved. That the copies of the report of the Superin-
tendent of the Census, of December 1, 1852, ordered by the
House to be printed, be bound by the House contractor,
under the direction of the House members of the Joint
Committee on Printing; and that the said committee cause
to be published by the public printer, and bound with said
report, one hundred thousand copies of the abstract of the
census reported to the House at the last session.
| FRAUDS UPON THE TREASURY. „
Mr. KING, of New York. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion to recommit the bill to prevent frauds
upon the Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, who was enti-
] tied to the floor, addressed the Ffouse an haur
j upon the subject of Mr. Corwin's connection witlf
1 the Gardiner claim. He maintained that, as the
! said claim has proved to be a fraud upon the
j Treasury, committed through forgery and per-
jury, it was the duty of Mr. Corwin and the other
: recipients of the proceeds of the fraud, upon the
f1 (rinciple of sound morals, to refund the money.
This speech, withheld for revision, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Millard P. Fillmore, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he did
on the 7th instant, approve and sign bills of the
following titles:
H. R. No. 255. An act making further appro-
