274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
pviaiions for the construction of military roads in
Oregon Territory.
H. R. No. 260. An act to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to establish the territorial govern-
ment of Oregon," approved August 14, 1848.
H. R. No. 137. An act for the relief of Osborn
Cross, of the United States Army.
H. R. No. 331. An act granting to the Sack-
ett's Harborand Ellisburg Railroad Company the
right of way through the military reservation at
Sackett's Harbor, New York.
H. R. No. 120. An act authorizing certain
soldiers of the late war with Great Britain to sur-
render the bounty lands drawn by them and to
locate others in lieu thereof.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, next obtained
the floor.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Georgia
give way for a motion to go into committee?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will do so.
Mr. KING, of New York. Oh, no. I hope
the gentleman will allow this bill to be disposed of
to-day.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would prefer that the
debate should be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ORR. Then I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put upon Mr. Orr's motion,
and it was agreed to.
SUPPRESSION OF SMALL NOTES.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Brown, of
Mississippi, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House bill
No. 341, "to suppress the circulation of small
notes as a currency in the District of Columbia."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment to the amend-
ment which was offered by Mr. Freeman yes-
terday, and that the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Kreeman] was entitled to the floor. The
amendment to the amendment is as follows:
Strike out all after the first enacting clause and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
" That from and after the passage of this act, it shall not be
lawful to makc,einit, orutter, witliin tile District of Colum-
bia, any species of currency or money whatever, except the
constitutional coins of the United Stales; and that for all
offenses against this act, the parties committing the same,
shall be liable to indictment by the grand jury of the Dis-
trict of Columbia for a high crime, and on conviction shall
be fined in a sum not lesB than $500, and be imprisoned in
tlie penitentiary for a term of not less than six months nor
more than five years."
Mr. FREEMAN. Mr. Chairman,it has been
suggested to me that my amendment would en-
tirely prevent the circulation of bank notes of the
surrounding States within the District, and per-
haps that would be the rigid interpretation of the
amendment. I propose, therefore, to modify it in
this way:
Provided, That this act shall not be so construed as to
prohibit the ordinary circulation within this District of bank
notes above the denomination of ten dollars, issued by the
legally-authorized banking institutions within the several
States of this Union, and brought here in the ordinary course
of trade.
Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of all public officers in the
District of Columbia, to give information to the justices of
the peace and judges of the District of Columbia of every
breach of this law that may come to their knowledge ; and
said judges and justices shall have power, as at common
law, to arrest and bind over all such offenders, as in other
cases of crime or misdemeanor. It shall also be the duty
of the judges of said District to give this act in charge to
the grand juries of the District.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to in-
quire whether the gentleman from Mississippi de-
signs to offer his amendment as an amendment to
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cajitter ?] •
• Mr. FREEMAN. 1 simply propose this as an
addition to the amendment 1 offered yesterday, as
a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the original bill before the substitute is
offered.
Mr. HOUSTON. You can offer your amend-
ment before the vote is taken upon the substitute,
at any time.
The CHAIRMAN. It is competent for the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Freiman,] to
offer a substitute now if he desires, but the vote ;
cannot be taken on it until the original bill has '
been perfected by such amendments as may be
made.
I Mr. FREEMAN. The Chair and the commit-
i tee will remember that on yesterday I moved to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
" That from and after the passage of this act, it shall not
be lawful to make, emit, or utter, within the District of Co-
lumbia, any species of currency or money whatever, except
the consiitutional coins of the United States; and that for
all offenses against this act, the parties committing the
same, shall be liable to indictment by the grand jury of the
District of Columbia for a high crime, and on conviction
shall be fined in a sum not less than $500, and be impris-
oned in the penitentiary for a term of not less than six
months nor more than five years."
As a substitute for the whole bill, I have this
morning proposed a modification,in order to meet
the objections made in certain quarters of the
House.
, The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair under-
j stands the gentleman to withdraw his amendment,
and to propose another.
Mr. FREEMAN. No, sir. I propose to add
this to my amendment of yesterday.
In my remarks on yesterday, I called the atten-
tion of the House to the fact, that we had, as I
thought, no power in the Constitution to charter
banks, or to authorize the issue of any paper cur-
rency whatever; and that it was our bounden duty
to suppress such a currency within the limits of
the District of Columbia. It is true, we have it
not in our power to prevent the States of Mary-
land, Virginia, and the other States of the Union
surrounding this District, from issuing bank notes
for circulation within their respective limits, but
we know very well that in the ordinary course of
trade, the members of Congress, and every other
person passing through this District, or coming
here from the different States, will bring with them
the currency of the different States through which
they have passed, and will desire to dispose of it
for the sake of convenience. My amendment, as
modified, will not prohibit the use of paper money
issued in the adjoining States, brought here in this
way, but it wilftie observed, that it will prohibit
its use in any other way. This amendment will
prevent the banks in the different States adjoining
the District from coming here to circulate their
paper. I beg to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the verbiage of the amendment:
" Provided, That this act shall not be so construed an to
prohibit the ordinary circulation, in this District, of bank
notes above the denomination often dollars, issued by the
legally-authorized banking institutions within the several
State« of this Umftn, and brought here in the regular c.ourxe
of trade."
It will be seen that bank notes issued in the
various States of this Union may be used here in
the ordinary transactions, or in the ordinary course
of trade, but it would prevent those banking insti-
tutions from establishing their agencies within
the District, and it would prevent the banks in
the various parts of the Union from coming here
to exchange that paper for the gold and silver
daily issuing from the Treasury of the United
States, by paying a percentage for the exchange
of paper for gold and silver. This is the object of
' the amendment.
Then, sir, it is provided in the second para-
graph of the amendment, that the justices of the
peace shall have the power, as they have under
the common law for any other offense, to arrest
any individual who shall be charged with the
violation of this law, and he shall be tried at.the
next term of the District court. Here, then, we
have a full provision made for preventing the nui-
sance of a paper currency within this District, and
by this means we rid the House of Representa-
tives and the Congress of the United States from
any responsibility whatever for any other circu-
lating medium within the District than the gold
and silver coin of the land.
Mr. Chairman, it has been my experience, and
I doubt not it has been the experience of every
lawyer who has had anything to do with the ex-
ecution of th  criminal law in the several States of
the Union, that when the Legislature attempts to
be very specific in detail, as this bill does, with
regard to the great variety of matters, you incum-
ber the ends of justice. Now, here is a long bill,
the object of which is not to cure the evil entirely,
but merely to suppress small evils while larger
ones are untouched. I undertook yesterday to
show that there was no necessity for paper money
here at all, so far as the inhabitants of the District
were concerned. The daily issues from the Treas-
ury of the United States alone are sufficient to tup-
ply the ordinary trade of the community. I am told
that the expenses of the officers about this Gov-
ernment alone amount to upwards of $2,000,000
a year; and that for a population of about forty-
three thousand inhabitants. Sir, there is no pop-
ulation of this number upon the face of the earth
which has $2,000,000 per annum of gold and sil-
ver currency devoted to their particular benefit.
Yet it is gravely argued here that this amount dis-
bursed is insufficient to afford a circulating medium
in ordinary business transactions. Why, there are
no immense mercantile establishments here—no
houses importing largely from foreign countries;
and no vast amount of gold and silver is required
for the use of the domestic trade. There is no
large commerce either with this or any other
country requiring a larger circulating medium than
is furnished by the daily issues from the Treasury.
Now, I should like to have some advocate for the
paper system show some good,some valid reason
why Congress should travel out of the ordinary
line of its duties, and stretch its constitutional
power to create a paper currency for the District.
Why, sir, we are within two hours'ride of the
banks of Baltimore, and within three hours' ride
of the banks at Richmond, and if there is a want
of a larger circulating medium, the banks of these
cities would furnish a much better and safer cur-
rency than any that will be produced here.
Mr. AVERETT. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. FREEMAN. Certainly.
Mr. AVERETT. The gentleman seems to
assume a position in regard to the friends of this
bill which is not warranted by the facts of the
case. We are not the defenders of any paper cur-
rency here; far from it. This bill establishes no
paper circulation. Congress has refused to incor-
porate any banks in the District, and the existing
laws of the land forbid the circulation of any notes
within the District of a less denomination than
five dollars. But in contempt of the law-making
power, that sort of issue is going on here daily,
and the penalties annexed to the present laws are
found insufficient to prevent these violations and
to protect the community from these swindling
operations. The object of this bill is to add to
those penalties and make them effective. It does
not sanction a paper currency. It does not legal-
ize it, and I hope gentlemen will not hold the com-
mittee which reported this bill responsible for any
of its evils. I, as a member of that committee,
concur with the gentleman from Mississippi in his
views relative to a paper currency. I will not
countenance any attempt to set up any paper sys-
tem here or elsewhere. Mississippi has felt the
evils of the system, and sees the necessity of a re-
form. I recollect an anecdote, which I presume
every one present has heard, and which I presume
may be true, of two high way men Attacking a trav-
eler in Mississippi, one with a daggerand theother
with a pistol, and demanding his money. He sur-
rendered, and gave up his purse. They searched
and separated out the North Carolina, the Vir-
ginia, the South Carolina notes, and those of the
other States neighboring, but handed him back
the Mississippi bank notes, and made him a pres-
ent of them, saying that they were unfit to steal.
[Much laughter.] I hope my friend from Missis-
sippi feels as I do upon this subject. I will go
with him any length to bring down this swindling
system. Let us take this step now, and hereafter
I will go as far as he who goes furthest to break
up entirely the whole paper currency system car-
ried on in this District.
Mr. FREEMAN. Very likely the gentleman
has heard that story, and has heard similar ones
of all the banking institutions in the country. But
I will ask him if the banks of Virginia did not at
the same time suspend specie payment, and was
her currency then fit to steal ?
Mr. AVERETT. I will answerthegentleman.
I never defended anjf-banking system in my life.
I have always maintained that the banks should
all be held, as individuals are held, to all their obli-
gations, and that alone should justify their toler-
ance by law. But if the banks in Virginia did at
one time suspend payment, they only followed the
example of Mississippi, without havinggonequite
so far in their excess or lawlessness.
Mr. FREEMAN. Then didthecourts of law
and the officers in Virginia, like those in Missis-
sippi, turn round and place the heads of those
