276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
that point of view, so tar as toreign coins are con-
cerned. I presume the gentleman does not mean
to rontend, tor I might make that presumption
prima t int from his remarks, that any person lias
the riiht to make foreign coins in the District of
Columbia. But I was attempting to reply to the
remarks of the chairman of the committee who
reported this bill. I have no doubt the bill is well
intentioned, and well drawn for specific purposes,
but my objection is, that it will not cure the whole
evil. Now, take this paragraph:
l* Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repiesenta-
ttm of ita States of meric a in Congress as«em-
bleJ, 1'hat it' .u\\ person, or any association, partnership,
or company of individuals, or any bodv politic or corporate
within the District of Columbia, shall, trom and after the
passage of tins act, make, emit, issue, or utter any bill or
credit, bank note, promissory nofe, hill of exchange, order,
ticket, or any other instrument of writing, m a less amount,
or of a Jess denomination than jive dollars."
Is it intended to prevent individual merchants
from drawing " bills of exchange" upon foieign
merchants in different States of this Union, or in
foreign countries:
Mr. FICKLIN. If my friend from Mississip-
pi will permit me to suggest, that if he will read a
little further in that bill he will find that his criti-
cism has no foundation. He will find that this
paper, if drawn, must not be drawn to be used as
a common circulating medium. Every section
which touches the question strikes at paper as a
circulating medium.
Mr. FREEMAN. Bills of exchange are not
fenerally used as a circulating medium. I never
eard of their being so used but in one instance,
and that occurred in Mississippi, where a good
many original things happen. We prohibited
banks from issuing bills under the denomination
of five dollars. The Commercial Bank of Natchez
turned around and drew a quantity of bills of ex-
change upon the city of New Orleans for five dol-
lars each, amounting in all to half a million of
dollars, which they sent out as a circulating me-
dium.
Mr. FICKLIN. Was not that bank indicta-
ble'
Mr. FREEMAN. It suspended payment, and
being brought before the courts of that State, it
was, for that offense, deprived of its charter.
Mr. FICKLIN. My friend will see that his
remarks support the position I took. If these
bills of exchange are used fraudulently as a circu-
lating medium, they fall under the provisions of
this bill, andare indictable. If, however,they are
used as mere bills of exchange in the legitimate
transaction of business, they are not indictable.
Mr. FREEMAN. Well, Mr. Chairman, one
thing is clear, and that is, that every argument
advanced in favor of the prohibition of the circu-
lation of notes of a less denomination than five dol-
lars, is an argument in favor of the prohibition of
the circulation of all above thatdenomination. Let
us get rid of the great as well as the small evil. No
one attempts to say that it is necessary for the
welfare of this District, that Congress should au-
thorize or permit the issuance of a paper medium
of exchange or currency 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VENABLE. I shall occupy the attention
of the committee but for a few moments. We all
feel deeply the grievance of the miserable circula-
tion with which this District is inflicted,and agree
that we should apply a remedy. While I shall
vote for the bill, as introduced by the committee,
with the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cartter,] I beg; to call the attention of the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Freeman] to a
suggestion with regard to his amendment, the force
of which I thin^| he will at once acknowledge. His
amendment, as offered on yesterday, reads as fol-
lows:
" That from and after the passage of this act, it shall not
be lawful to make, emu, or utter, within the District of Co-
lumbia, any species of currency or monpy whatever except
the constitutional coins of the United States: and that for
ali offenses against this act, the parties committing the same,
shall be liable to indictment by the grand jury of the Dis-
trict of Columbia for a high crime, and on conviction shall
be fined in a ram not le«s than $500, and be imprisoned in
tie penitentiary for a term of not less than six months nor
more than five years."
If that amendment be adopted, it will defeat the
object we all have in view. It never will be ex-
ecuted, because it is in advance of public senti- '
ment. You will be creating and giving character !
to an offense which public sentiment says does not j
belong to it. You will make the passage of small I
notes in this District a. misdemeanor to be pun-
ished more severely than manslaughter, larceny,
or even burglary—in fact more severely than any
of the minor felonies of which our books treat.
You may take that course, and if you do go so
f.ir beyond public sentiment, you will have a law
that will be a desul letter upon your statute-book.
Such is human experience everywhere, and no
penal law, unsustumed by public sentiment, can
be executed. When this sub|ect was up for con-
sideration last year, I prepared a short bill of three
sections, which I wish I had here now, that I
might submit it as a substitute. To speculate and
make money, these manufacturers of shinplasters
set up their shops, and make it the interest of
small traders to circulate their notes, and the only
way to rid the District of the grievance, is to
strike immediately at that interest. So long as it
is the interest of small shop-keepers to use these
small notes, they will do so. I, like the gentleman
from Ohio, am against notes both large andsmall;
but as the gentleman from Georgia [Sir. Toombs]
remarked, we must go against them all together,
or have them altogether. The bill must regulate
the issue, or entirely forbid it.
I would suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, who reported
this bill, to so modify it that it will forbid the use
of bank notes of any kind, and authorize any in-
dividual, cognizant of a violation of the law by
circulating those notes, to bring an action before
any justice of the peace, who shall be authorized
to issue process, and make those issuing them a
party defendant; and on conviction, compel both
the maker and the party issuing the note, forfeit
twice its amount, such forfeiture to go to the in-
former. Such a law would turn all the hackmen,
and small dealers, against this class of bankers;
and they, having once or twice paid double the
value of the notes they issued, would find it a losing
business, and shut up shop. It is said that one of
the Governors of New York, under the Dutch
dynasty, never gave a decision but once. He tried a
case between two citizens, and, having weighed
the books in evidence in his hand, and looked at
them a long time, said that they were balanced,
and that the plaintiff and the defendant should
exchange receipts, and the constable should pay
the costs. [Laughter.] It is gravely said that
the office of constable, for more than half a century
afterwards, grew into great disrepute. Provide
for bringing of the issuers of small notes at a short
notice before a justice of the peace, and you will
have a law that will be executed; for it will be the
interest of every small trader, and even the hack-
drivers, to see that no such notes are put in circula-
tion. Make these men suffer in the purse, and
their notes will not be circulated.
Mr. AVERETT. My friend is speaking as
though the people of this District were alone in-
terested in the suppression of theses windling notes.
I will tell him as a matter of fact, that my district,
even up in the gorges of the mountains, has been
flooded with the paper money issued from this
District of Columbia. Would he expect a planter,
a merchant, or day laborer there, with fifteen or
twenty dollars of these spurious notes in his pocket,
to come to this District and give information in
order to get relief? Our purpose is, not only to
protect the people of this District, but it is, together
with the District, to protect the adjoining States
from the swindling operations carried on here in
violation of our laws and in contempt of our au-
thority. I beg my friend to recollect, in making
his argument, that though his constituents, and
those of the gentlemen from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] be-
ing without the range of the circulation of this
paper, may not be interested in this matter, the
people of the States of Maryland and Virginia are
deeply interested in it, and have been swindled
outrageously. 1 have come here myself with
enough of those notes to double sole the stitched-
down shoes of any negro in the district of my
friend from North Carolina. [Laughter.] And
what have I got for them ? Why, sir, for some of
them I have got for my constituents only a parcel
of post office stamps, at the rate of ten cents in the (
doflar, and they were the best I could get. The
object of our legislation is, to prevent the District
from being made a den of swindlers and incendia-
ries, to cheat our constituents,
Mr. VENABLE. My friend from Virginia is i
very much mistaken if he supposes that my con- ii
1 stituents have not been swindled by these notes.
They are all over the State of North Carolina, and
1 brought here with me a considerable number of
them, some of which I got off at discount, and
others nearly at par. And the money 1 received
I have sent back to my constituents, by whom I
had been charged with them. If my constituents
are silly and stupid enough, after we have passed
a law pronouncing the whole thing a s\\ inule and
illegal, and after that law has been published in
the public newspapers, to trade in that sort of
paper, I cannot be their guardian. If my friend's
constituents need a protection of the sort he has
adverted to, mine do not. No one can pass Wash-
ington notes in my district since the breaking up
of the Union Bank, and the clearing out of its
proprietor, who, I hope, will not return. Let us
cure the evil that exists here, and let Virginia and
Maryland take care of themselves. They are
competent to do so. If they choose to take this
trash as the representative of their property, we
cannot be their guardians. There is but one rem-
edy's I have said before, for this grievance, and
that is, to authorize any magistrate of the District,
upon information, to issue a sci. fa. against the
man who issues and the man who circulates one
of these notes, and provide that the penalties shall
be given to the informer. Do that, and the whole
thing will fall into disrepute. Talk about sending
a man to the penitentiary ! Why, sir, you do not
send them there for cutting people's throats. You
do not send them there for firing our dwelling-
houses. Last year the town was set on fire in
various places at different times, and no one was
put in the penitentiary for it. And you would
now make the crime of issuing a small note higher
in grade than that of the commission of fel-
ony. Pass such a law, and the good sense of the
people will revolt against it, and it will not be exe-
cuted. It is not the severity, but the certainty of
punishment, that puts an end to evil.
Again: you cannot put a man in the peniten-
tiary in this District for stealing a negro. Con-
gress absolutely refused to pass a law inflicting
that penalty for such an offense. And yet, if you
were to fine a man five hundred dollars for issuing
a small note, that would shock public opinion—
every one would feel that you were trifling, and
every one would know you were placing laws
upon your statute-book which you did not expect
would be executed, because they were wrong.
No one ought to go to'the penitentiary for issuing
small notes, for that is too small an offense. It is
a petty larceny, and ought to be punished as other
small petty larcenies are. There are various ways
to punish such an offense in different States. You
might make him pay double the amount of the
notes which he has issued. This, in the case of
a man who expects to make a hundred dollars by
issuing two hundred, if you make him lose four
hundred dollars, he will never be guilty of such a
speculation again. I implore the committee, if
they are to pass a law upon this subject, not to
strike so high as to defeat its execution—not to
look all over the Government of the United States
as their guardians, but to remember that we are le-
gislating for the District. If we put a stop to the
issue of these notes here, the evil, so far as wear*
concerned, will be destroyed. I will simply relat*
an incident which occurred here, to show you how
important it is that we pass some law. I was in
the house of a gentleman in this city a few days
ago, who told me that on the day before a poor
woman came into his house to buy a bill of ex-
change for the purpose of bringing two of her
children from the continent of Europe over to this
country. She brought in one hundred and twen-
ty-seven dollars which she had earned by hard
labor during the year; and the hundred and twen*
ty-seven dollars were in shinplasters of this city,
out of which there were only twenty-six dollars
worth one cent. She had been completely swin-
dled out of the whole, and that, too, by the shin-
plasters manufactured under our own observation.
We ought to legislate upon this subject practi-
cally. The valueless stuff will come to such a
condition as not even to be a subject of larceny,
because of no worth. I once heard of a man in
one of our southern States who was convicted of
stealing the notes of a broken-down bank, and the
a found him guilty of excessive meanness, but,
e stole nothing of any value, they found him
guilty of no crime. [Laughter.] But the bank
who issued them, and swindled the receivers, had
