278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
that thev mavsueceed better in passing itoff upon ■ PETITIONS, &c.
• ..... i v,q >.*, i,„ fc-,1 I The following petitions and memorials were presented
the community. , y p y - unijer the rule, and relerred to the appropriate committees:
ing in common with any man, or set of men, who By Mr D0RKEE. The petition of J. H. Lapham, of
are engaged in, or concerned in the issuance of Milwaukee,Wisconsin, asking for remuneration for services
bank paper, to circulate in this or ill any other \ rendered the Government.
part of the country. But we do not propose at
this time, and in this bill, to prohibit the circula-
tion within this District of anv bank paper—five
dollars and upwards, which may have been issued
in pursuance of law, either in this District or in
any other part of the country. I am not prepared
to do that, not because it is not in accordance with
my judgment and my feelings, but because we
could not succeed in carrying it through, if we
were to make the attempt.
Mr. MEADE next obtained the floor.
Mr. POLK. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will move that the committee rise.
[Cries of " No \" " No !"]
Mr. MEADE. I will yield to the gentleman
in order to test the sense, of the committee, but I
am quite prepared to go on now.
Many Members. " Go on!" " Go on !"
Mr. POLK. Well, as it seems to be the sense
of the committee not to rise yet, I will not submit
the motion.
Mr. MEADE addressed the committee an hour
in an examination of the provisions of the bill,
and in favor of a modification of the penalties pro-
posed, so as to make them less stringentand more
effective to carry out the designs of the bill. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Brown, of Mississippi) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 341,
" to suppress the circulation of small notes as a
currency in the District of Columbia," but had !
come to no conclusion thereon. |,
INVALID PENSIONS. [
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have returned ;
the bill of the House making appropriations for [ I
invalid and other pensions, with a single amend-
ment, which is merely the correction of a date.
In the original bill reference was made to the pen-
sion law of the 17th April, 1816, when it should
have been the 16th of April, 1816, and the Senate
have amended it in that way. 1 move that the
House do concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. H0U3TGN. I send to the Clerk's desk
some estimates with regard to items of appropria-
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of James C. Holland
and others, asking a mail route from Lexington to Trenton.
By Mr. ABERCROMBIE: The petition of citizens of
the Sparta land district, ill Alabama, in favor of a removal
of the land office from Sparta to Elba, &c.
By Mr. BURROWS: The memorial of Luther Wilson
and 170 others, citizens of the State of New York, asking
an appropriation for the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of Twelve Mile Creek, in Niagara county, New
York.
Also, the memorial of S. E. Piper and 40 others, citi-
zens of Youngstown and Lewiston, Niagara county, New
York, on the same subject.
Also, the memorial of H. C. Wright and others, citizens
of Oswego, New York, on tlie same subject.
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
      ^ ,,tt_ Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Wii-
tions in the deficiency bill, which I askKtmay be i' "atn. Wright, praying that a register may be is-
• ■ ' .i . .. . sued to a vessel called the Fanny, and that her
name may be changed to the Golden Mirror;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of E.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 13, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with law, a statement of
the contingent expenses of the military establish-
ment during the year 1852; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 5th instant, a reportof
the Secretary of the Interior, on the subject of the
boundary line between the United States and Mex-
ico; which was referred to the Select Committee
on the subject of the Mexican Boundary Commis-
sion, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizeDS
of New York and Brooklyn, New York, praying
that a contract may be entered into with Christian
Hansen, for the transportation of the United States
mails between Brooklyn and Gluckstadt; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. j
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of Da- I
vis Taylor, praying an amendment of the act of :
Congress abolishing imprisonment for debt in the j
District of Columbia; which was referred to the I
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, praying the removal of the county !
jail to a more suitable situation; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition of Daniel Nickel, a volunteer
* * . , _ . . . * ( I        ~ — 7 "p   ' J iiuuvv)
in the late war with Mexico, praying a pension; | asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to au-
pursuance of that decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the administrators now ask that
the half of that sum thus paid into the Treasury
may be refunded. I move the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on the Judiciary. As
it is a legal question, I presume it ought to go
there.
It was so referred.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to present the memo-
rial of Bishop Brownell,of the city of Hartford,
Connecticut, and a large uumber of other citizens
of that vicinity—I believe a thousand and four-
teen in all—on the subject of anaesthetic agents,
stating that the memorialists understand that an
application has been made by Dr. Morton, of Bos-
ton, claiming to have been the author of this dis-
covery, and inviting the attention of the Senate
and the House of Representatives to the testimony
introduced by the family of the late Dr. Horace
Wells, to show that he is the author of this dis-
covery. This memorial is signed by a large num-
ber of the most respectable citizens of our State.
I move that it be referred to the Select Committee
on the subject of anaesthetic agents, of which the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walk-
er] is chairman.
It was so referred.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
• Ordered, That the petition of Jane Kearney, praying a
pension or bounty land, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the bill to sur-
render to the State of Ohio the unfinished portion
of the Cumberland road in that State, reported it
without amendment, and moved that it lie on the
table, a bill from the House to the same effect
having passed the Senate; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of John B. Rodgers, of South Carolina, reported
it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MANGUM, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend
the act entitled " An act to regulate arrests on
mesne process in the District of Columbia;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on'the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS, agreeably to previous notice,
printed, so that they will be before us when we
next have the subject under consideration.
The estimates were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to submit certain joint resolu-
tions from the State of North Carolina.
Mr. DUNCAN. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. I move the usual resolution,
that debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill to suppress the cir-
culation of small notes as a currency in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be terminated in five minutes
after its consideration shall again be resumed.
Mr. SACKETT. I trust that resolution may
not be adopted, as several gentlemen on this side
of the House desire to be heard upon the subject.
Mr. HUNT kiR. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. AVERETT. I would ask the gentleman
to withdraw his call for a moment.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot.
Mr. McMULLIN. There is no quorum pres- i
ent, and I therefore move that the House do I
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House therefore adjourned till to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
NOTICE OF A BILL. i
Mr. CLARK gave nonce, that on to-morrow, or some '
(subsequent day, he would ask leave to bring in njoint me-
morial ot the Legislature of Iowa, and accompanying bill
■ etrinrr a trrant r\f l-ir><Jo niJ ~       _ ^ ^
thorize the heirs of a deceased party to a suit to
prosecute the suit; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and, together with a
paper explanatory of the bill, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
COUNTERFEITING CURRENT COIN.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the bill ma-
the bounty land law; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
Richard Evans and others, officers of the United
States revenue cutter service, praying an increase
of pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Edmund
M. Evans, a clerk in the custom-house at New
York, praying compensation for extra services; [
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hold in my hand a 1
memorial of James M. Carlisle and Walter S. I
Cox, administrators of Cornelius P. Van Ness,
formerly of New York. They represent that Mr.
Van Ness was collector of customs for the State
of Vermont, and when collector seized a number
of goods brought into the country in violation of 1
the revenue laws. As collector, he was, perhaps,
entitled to one half of the goods in case they had
been forfeited under the existing law. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury released the forfeiture,
upon condition that the merchants claiming the
goods would pay into the Treasury what was re-
garded as legal duties. The Supreme Court has
^ decided that that payment was in the nature of a
asking a grant of lands to aid in the construction'ofa rail- ! f"rfe'ture, and that the collector seizing the goods
road from Davenport, via Muscatine, to the Missouri river, was entitled to the half of them under the revenue
innaid State. t laws. The money was paid into the Treasury in
H. Walton and others, praying a modification of j king further provision against counterfeiting the
.i-.i  , • , „ , current coin of the United States, or passing the
same, was read a second time, and, together with
an amendment which he proposes to it, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1854.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to consider and report whether any action ol Con-
gress is necessary for the protection of the Territory of
New Mexico against the incursions ofhostile Indians.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary pay out of tlie contingent
fund to Daniel Whitcomb,executorofthelate James \Vhit-
comb, a Senator from Indiana, the expenses incurred for
his funeral, and for carrying his remains to Indianapolis,
his late residence in Indiana, amounting to $175.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution,-
