1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
which was considered by unanimous consent, and j
•agreed to:
Resetted, Thai the Committee oil the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the exjwdiency of authorizing Tito
Angelina, an It.ilian artist, to execute in marble a group of
snituos agreeable to Ins model now 111 the possession of the
Librarian of Coneress.
Mr. DAVIS. ! beg leave to present a paper
explanatory of that resolution, being the observa-
tion of men of taste, officers of the Navy and
others, upon that subject, and ask that it may be
referred to the Committee on the Library also.
It was so referred.
BINDING OF COAST SURVEY MAPS.
Mr. BORLAND. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to submit the following resolu-
tion:
That the Superintendent ofthe Public Printing
be, and be is hereby, directed to have bound in quark> form
the maps and plates accompanying the report of the Super
intemltuit of the Coast Survey, made to the Senate at the
last session ol Congress: Provided, That the cost of tile
same shall net exceed eighteen cents per copy,
I ask that the resolution may be considered now;
and I will simply state what is the object of it. The
ioint resolution which directs that all additional pub-
lic documents shall be bound, limits the cost of the
binding to the sum of twelve and a half cents per
volume. That refers to the binding of an octavo
volume. It is found, ugon examining the maps
and plates which come from the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, accompanying his report, and
which are very valuable, and some of which are
large, they cannot be, without great inconvenience,
brought into an octavo form. It is necessary that
they should be in quarto form, if bound at all.
The sum of twelve and a half cents per volume
will not defray the expense of binding in that form;
but it is believed that some sum between twelve
and a half and eighteen cents will do it. We deem
it indispensable, in order that the report may be of
the greatest value, that it should be bound in quarto
form.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
■consent, and agreed to.
BASTROP GRANT CLAIMS.
Mr. DOWNS. I desire to renew a motion
which I made early in the session, that one thou-
sand extra copies of the report of the Commission-
er of the General Land Office, relative to private
claims under the Bastrop grant, be printed for the
use of the Senate. That motion I suppose will
go to the Committee on Printing. !
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the unanimous con"'
sent of the Senate to consider that motion without ;
referring it to the committee. The document in
question is now in the hands of the printer, and is j
partially printed, and it is necessary, if this order j
be made, that it should be made at once. The
Committee on Printing would concur in it, I know,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
make the order without referring the motion to
that committee.
No objection was made, and the motion was
«greed to.
THE NICARAGUAN TREATY.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Cass, was taken up for consideration:
Retolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, so far as may be compatible -with the public in
tere^t, to communicate to the Senate copies of any corre-
spondence which took place with the Minister of Great .
Britain ui the United States, in respect to the treaty nego \
tialed by Mr. Sqitier with Nicaragua, which was submitted !
to the Senate in IddO; also, a copy of said treaty, and of any
sub-titute for it, or any part of it. submitted to the American
Government by the British Minister, and of the letters of
the latter urging the acceptance of such substitute and the
replies thereto; and aUo copies of any correspondence
which took place between the Secretary of State and the
British Minister and the Minister from Costa Rica, in re
spect to a projet which was submitted to Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, and the Mosquito Indians, and a copy of such projet,
with the instructions given by Mr. Welsh, the special agent
deputed b> the United States to present that projet to the
Btates ' f Nicaragua and Costa Rica; as also of such other
correspondence as may have passed between him and the
Secretary of State upon the subject; as also copies of the
correspondence with Mr. Kerr, Charge d'Affaires of the
United States in Nicaragua, in reference thereto, together
with any correspondence with the Government of Nicara-
gua or its Minister, in respect to the same projet; and the
President is further requested to communicate to the Senate
copies of any leu* r- which niay have been addressed to
this Government by the Minister of Nicaragua, or the Min-
ister of Great Britain, in reference to the construction and
purport of the convention between the United States arid
Great Britain, signed April 19,1650, and proclaimed July
S,1650, and of tiie replies made to them, if any. |
Mr. CASS. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] has suggested to me that the
qualification, or limitation, perhaps, contained in
the beginning of the resolution, " so far as may
be compatible with the public interest," does not
extend to the whole. 1 intended to extend it to
the whole. I do not want to make a call for a
paper imperative. But I think the qualification
does extend to the whole. If it does not, I am
willing to have it amended. The honorable Sena-
tor can look at it and satisfy himself.
Mr. HALE. It occurred to me, in the reading
of the resolution, that the qualification extends
through the most of it as suggested by the Sena-
tor from Michigan; but towards the close of it,
" the President is further requested to communi-
, cate to the Senate," &c., without any qualifica-
tion.
Mr. CASS. Change it as you please to meet
the object.
Mr. HALE. Then I suggest to insert after the
words I read, the words, " if in his view not in-
compatible with the public interest."
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be so
amended, if not objected to.
No objection waa made, and the resolution was
then adopted.
CHARTER OF THE CITY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is an important bill
upon the calendar, " to amend the charter of the
city of Washington," which 1 desire to take up.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator propose to take
up that bill for the purpose of acting upon it?
We have a special order for to-day.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am aware of that; but there
is ample time to pass this bill before the hour for
the consideration of the special order arrives.
Mr. GWIN. I do not object to the bill, but I
do not wish to be interrupted, when I come here
prepared to discuss the special order which comes
up at one o'clock. If, therefore, the Senator will
agree to pass over his bill at that hour, I have no
1 objection.
I Mr. SHIELDS. I presume this bill will not
I lead to discussion, anu my only object in calling
it up at this time, is that it may pass at this ses-
sion. It is a bill to amend the charter of the city
of Washington—to give some police powers which
are very much needed in this city at this time;
and I must say that unless we check the growing
I spirit of rowdyism and dissipation, this capital will
■ present a curious scene, at all events, on the 4th of
next March. I am anxious to prevent that, and I
j hope that this bill may pass the Senate in order
that it may have tim^o pass the House at this
! session. That is my reason for calling it up now.
Mr. RUSK. It is only a few minutes to the
time at which the special order is to be taken up.
This is an important bill, and I think the Senator
could accomplish his object better by taking it up
at an earlier period on some future morning. The
bill providing for the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific is set down as the special order for to-
day at one o'clock, and I shall feel myself bound
to move to lay this bill on the table, and pass it
over until to-morrow morning, when that hour ar-
rives.
Mr. SHIELDS. The bill would have been
passed in the time which we have consumed in
discussing the question of taking it up.
Mr. RUSK. That is uncertain.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have already stated to the
honorable Senator from California, that when the
hour of one arrives, 1 will give way. I thought
that was sufficient.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to its consideration.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following amend-
ment:
To strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Board of Aldermen,
and Board of Common Council, of the city of Washington,
and the said corporation is hereby authorized, in its discre-
tion, to provide for the election by the inhabitants of said
city, at stated periods, ol any or all officers of said corpo-
ration not now elective under the existing charter there-
of; and to prescribe the time, place, and manner ofliolding
such elections, and the duties, terms, and tenure of office of
all such officers, as well as of the rezister, collector, and
surveyor, of said corporation: Provided, That at all such
elections the voters shall be such persons, and no others, as
may be competent to vote at elections hidden under the
chartcrof the said city for the time being; and the said cor
poration shall have full power and authority to provide for
the proper conducting of all elections in the said city, and
for the punishment of any person who may willfully disturb,
molest, hinder, or interfere with the commissioners or other
persons who may be appointed to superintend elections,
trom time to tune, while in the discharge of their duty, or
who may willfully disturb, molest, hinder, or interfere with
any voter while at or going to the polls to vote, as well as
for the punishment ot any commissionerorother person ap-
pointed to superintend an election who may willfully and
knowingly receive, or permit to be received, the vow of any
person not legally authoriued to vote; and the said corpo-
ration shall have power to provide for the appointment,
trom tune to time, of such number of persons as commis-
sioners to superintend the elections in each ward of said
city as it may deem expedient.
Skc. 2. And he it further enacted, That the said corpora-
tion be, and it is hereby, authori zed and em powered to cause
any streets, or the carriage-ways or footways thereof or of
any portions of the same, to be paved, graded, or othe'rwise
improved, whensoever in its discretion the same may be
deemed proper and necessary, any reslriclions or conditions
heretofore existing in the premises to the contrary notwith-
standing; and in like manner, in its discretion, to cause to
be constructed any drains and sewers which it may consider
necessary for the proper drainage, health, or convenience
of the city, and upon such plan of surface or under ground
drainage, or by taking advantage of the natural drainage, or
changing the course thereof, as may he deemed most eligi-
ble ; and to cause the streets or any of them, or any portion
of any of them, to be lighted by gas or otherwise ; and to
provide for the expense of any such works or improvement!
, as aforesaid, either by a special tax or out of its corporals
funds generally, or both, at its discretion.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said corpora-
tion shall have power, in its discretion, to cause new alleys
to be opened into the squares, and from time to time to
open, extend, change, or close those already laid out; sub-
ject always to the proviso, concerning damages to individ-
uals, contained in the eighth section oftheact of May 15th,
1820, incorporating the inhabitants of the city of Washing-
ton ; and to dispose of the ground occupied by any such
alley or alleys as may have been, or hereafter may be,
closed by authority of the said corporation, in such manner
as in its discretion may be directed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said corpo-
ration shall have power to create and establish police and
municipal courts, and to establish a house or houses of
refuge or correction for juvenile or other offenders, and to
provide for the support and government of the same by
special tax, or out of its corporate funds, or otherwise; and
to pass any and all laws, not inconsistent with the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, for the establishment
of an efficient police, for the maintenance of order, the pro-
tection of persons and property within the said city, and
for the punishment, by fine or imprisonment, or both, of
offenses against the ordinances and police regulations of
the said corporauon ; such imprisonment to be either in
the county jail, or in such municipal establishments, work-
houses, houses of correction or of refuge, as may be pro-
vided by the said corporation for that purpose; and the
marshal of the District of Columbia shall receive and safely
keep within the jail for the county of Washington, at the
expense of the said corporation, all persons committed
thereto under or by authority of the provisions of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said cor-
poration shall have power to provide by law for the levy-
ing and collection of all taxes which it is or may be au-
thorized to impose, or which may have been heretofore
lawfully imposed but are remaining unsatisfied, in such
manner as may be deemed most efficient and conducive to
the interests of the said city, and to alter and amend any
existing provisions in its present charter in that behalf;
and all sales and conveyances of real estate charged with
such taxes, which shall be made in conformity with such
rules, directions, and provisions, as may be prescribed by
the said corporation in that behalf, shall be valid and ef-
fectual, at law and in equity, to pass to and vest in the
purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their heirs, or assigns,
a title in fee-simple, or such lesser estate as may be so sold
and conveyed in the land and appurtenances so sold, and
an absolute title to all chattels winch may be so sold and
conveyed: Provided always, That all taxation, except of
special taxes, shall be within the limit prescribed by the
charter of the said corporation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said corpo-
ration shall have power to organize a fire department, and
to appoint one or more engineers, directors, or other offi-
cers, for the superintendence and direction of the firemen,
fire companies, engines, hose, and fire apparatus, at all
fires or alarms of fires occurring in the said city, and also
to pass all laws or police regulations which may be deemed
necessary or expedient for the regulation, control, and man-
j agemenl of all fire companies now existing, or hereafter to
| be incorporated or otherwise established, in the said city,
i or the members thereof, anything in any existing law or
charter to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said corpora-
tion be, and it is hereby, authorized and empowered to
pass all laws, ordinances, and regulations, which may be
necessary to carry into effect the hereinbefore granted pow-
ers and every of them.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
I ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
■ was concurred in; and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; it was read a third
time, and passed.
conduct of commodore morgan.
Mr. SHIELDS. As there are a few minutes left
before the hour for the consideration of the special
order arrives, I ask the Senate to take up the reso-
lution submitted by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hau£,] in relation to Commodore
Morgan, which was postponed yesterday at my
request. I move that it be taken up at this tmi j
