280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
for the purpose of presenting: the letter to which I
referred yesterday.
The motion was a^ieed to.
The resolution is as follows:
u Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed
to inform the Senate the number of days the United States
razee Independence, the flag-ship of the Mediterranean
squadron, commanded hv Charles W. Morgan, was at sea
after her arrival at Naples on the 14th of September, 1849,
until she sailed thence for the Tinted States, on the *29th
March, l^oO ; how main da>s said ship was at anchor in
the bay or harbor of Naples, and how long at Spezzia, or
other ports during that period ; what portion of the store-
said twu and a halt* >ear* was passed on shore, and how
much of \t on board ship by *aid Morgan; what is the esti-
mated expense of a ship of the class of the Independence,
properlv officered and manned, per day or peryear; whether
paid Morgan, without authority from the Department,
while his ship was lying at anchor m the bay of Naples,
chartered or employed a merchant vessel to transport sup-
plies for his squadron from Spezzia to Naples, and whether
the cost of such transportation has been charged to the
Government by the order or approval of said Morjau;
whether inductions were given to said Morgan by the De-
partment. or by any bureau thereof, to practice his squadron
in naval evolutions or rteet-saihnrr, anil if so, whether said
instruction* were obeyed: whether he was directed to ex-
ercise his men in target-firing, and if so, whether he com-
plied with such directions, and to what extent; whether
there is any rule or regulation of the Department against
naval officers transporting females, members of their fami-
lies. or others on board ships of war of the I'nited States,
and if so. whetherOommodoreMonran. or any officer under
his command, was guilty of a violation of such regulation ;
whether the broad pennant of Commodore Morgan was
kept flying during the period of his command in the Medi-
terranean. or was at any time taken down, and if so, for
what length of time : whether Commodore Morgan has been
held to answer for disobedience of orders, or violations of
regulations, or neglect of duty while iu command of the
naval forces of the United States in the Mediterranean du-
ring the past three years."
Mr. SHIELDS. My only reason for asking
the postponement of this resolution yesterday was
this: Lieutenant Nelson, of the United States
.Navy, sent me a letter in reply to the resolution,
and there was some language in it which I did not
like very well at the time. I thought some parts
of it were a little inconsistent with the character
of the Senate, and I did not like to present it in
that shape. I regret to say that there is a portion
of the letter that is still a little severe, and which
I do not like; but the writer insists upon my pre-
senting it. It is a justification of his old com-
mander, who is now dead. He served with him
in the Mediterranean, during the whole time in-
tended to be covered by the resolution. The death
of his late commander precludes the possibility of
any inquiry now into his conduct, and his family
and his friends being exceedingly anxious on the
subject, as this originated in the Senate, and as it
has had quite a wide circulation through the coun-
try, this officer, who was second in command I
believe, or, at all events, who served under him
during the whole of the time, over his own signa-
ture, stating that he is responsible as a man and
officer for everything he says here, has sent me
this letter, and begged that I would present it, as
a part of my remarks, in reply to what he deems
to be the imputations contained in the resolution.
Mr. HALE. I object to the reception of the
paper.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator allow me to say
a word?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; but I object to the re-
ception of the letter.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois presents that letter as a portion of his remarks,
but certainly, if it is to go upon our records and
become a portion of them, 1 shall be one who will
most strenuously oppose it—not out of any want
of regard to Commodore Morgan. A resolution
has been introduced into the Senate, and are we
to receive letters, with respect to every person
whose conduct may be before us, intended to de-
fend him.' Every Senator will at once see the
impropriety of such a course. I must repeat what
I have often said before on this subject, that if we
proceed in this manner we shall convert the Sen-
ate into the receptacle of every representation that
is made, pro and con., with respect to every officer,
civil, military, or naval. I object to it altogether.
It will lead to very dangerous consequences.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understands
the Senator from Illinois to offer the letter as a
part of his remarks, and as such, it does not go
upon the Journal, but among the proceedings, in-
cluded in the remarks of the Senator.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say one word, if the
President pleases. It seems to me it is an anom-
alous proceeding for a Senator to rise and send
1 to the Chair a portion of his remarks, in order
that they may go on our records. If the Senator
wants to publisn the letter as a portion of his re-
marks, the public press is open. The Secretary
is not the depositary of manuscript speeches of
Senators. If the Senator wishes to publish the
letter, I have no objection; but what I do object
to is, that Lieutenant Nelson, or anybody else,
should present that paper to the Senate. I object
to its being received and made a portion of our
doings, to go upon the records of the Senate. I
do not wish to take up the time of the Senate, but
I have abundant reasons for the objections which
I present.
The PRESIDENT. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the paper cannot be received as a
part of the records of the Senate, but only as a
part of the Senator's speech, which is a thing
often done. The object of sending a paper to the
Secretary to be. read, is by way of relieving the
Senator who speaks.
Mr. HALE. Oh! well, let it be read, then, if it
is for the relief of the Senator.
Mr. GWIN. It is now within a minute of one
o'clock,an^ I hope this matter maybe postponed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope not; tne letter can be
read in a short time.
Mr. GWIN. But it will lead to a discussioh
of an hour. I am anxious to accommodate the
Senator from Illinois; but I do not want the time
which is devoted to the special order taken up by
this matter. I therefore move to postpone its
further consideration until to-morrow.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is no accommodation to
me whatever.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to accommodate myself
then.
Mr. SHIELDS. Here is a resolution which
has been lying on the table for some time. My
friend from Michigan has raised an objection to
the introduction of this letter. Now, sir, I raise
an objection to the introduction of this resolution,
or any similar resolution.
The fault was in the commencement. Charges
have been made, or what is equivalent to charges,
, upon an officer who is now dead. I want to know,
| therefore, if this letter cannot be received, inas- 1
[ much as it is not against the Senator from New
: Hampshire; but simply in vindication of the old
' commander of Lieutenant Nelson, whom he be- >
, lieves to have suffered a serious injury. I do not '
1 believe there is a single Senator who will object 1
; to t'.e sentiments contained in the letter.
! Mr. GWIN. I do not object to the reading on
that account, but on anothg account. I am will-
i ing that the letter should be read, and a full dis-
cussion had at a future time.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well; let it be laid over,
"then.
The further consideration of the resolution was
accordingly postponed.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
a bill to establish a telegraph line and overland
mail to California and Oregon, for which the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Gwin] has proposed a
substitute.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the honorable Senator will
for a moment withdraw that amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw it. ]
Mr. RUSK. This bill has been regularly print-
ed and read, and it is now upon the calendar. No
one, I believe, desires to discuss it. There is an
amendment pending to that bill which provides for
the construction of a railroad. Thefriends of the
special order do not seek to have the action of the
Senate up on it. When we made it the special
order, we could not reach the bill proposed by the
Senator from California in consequence of it not
being printed. The object at the time was to make
the bill " authorizing the construction of a rail-
1 < road and branches, for establishing a certain
! ' postal communication between the shores of the
, 'Pacific and Atlantic within the United States, for
' the protection and facilities of travel and com-
'merce, and for the necessary defenses of the
'country," the special order. I therefore move,
by unanimous consent, that the bill which was
; made the special order be laid aside, and that which
I have mentioned substituted in its place.
No objection was made, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill designated by®Mr. Rusk.
It proposes, with the view of securing the speedy
construction of a railroad and branches, con-
necting the Mississippi river with the Pacific
ocean, at suitable points, that the President of the
United States Bhall be authorized to enter into con-
tracts for the construction of a railroad from a
point on Red river, at or near the southwest cor-
ner of the State of Arkansas, on the most direct
and feasible route, and, if practicable, with a branch
to the gulf coast, and through the State of Texas,
to a point on the eastern boundary of the State of
California; and from points on the western bound-
ary of Missouri and Iowa, (not within the limits
of any existing State,) on the most direct and feasi-
ble route to intersect that road; and with a track
departing from that line at some point west of the
Sierra Nevada, or Rocky Mountains, to some
safe and commodious harbor in the Territory of
Oregon. For this purpose the bill proposes to set
apart for ever a right of way two hundred feet
wide; and a quantity of land equal to the alternate
sections for the space of forty miles on each side
of the road and its branches, is appropriated to
aid in their construction. And for the purpose of
facilitating the extension of that road eastward
from its terminus on Red river, on two lines, one
through the State of Arkansas, and the other
through the State of Louisiana, so as to connect
at the -Mississippi river with the several lines of
railroads now in process of construction between
the Mississippi and the Atlantic sea-board, a like
quantity of land is to be granted to the States of
Arkansas and Louisiana. And a like grant of
land is to be made to the States of Iowa and Mis-
sissippi for the purpose of facilitating the exten-
sion of the road and its branches eastward from
the terminus on the Missouri river, on two lines,
the one through the State of Iowa, and the other
through the State of Missouri, so as to connect
with the principal lines now in process of con-
struction between the Atlantic sea-board, the lakes,
and the Mississippi river.
A like grant of land is to be given to the State
of California, to facilitate the extension of each of
the roads and branches westward from the eastern
boundary of California to safe and commodious
harbors, which shall be at all times accessible to
the largest class of sea-going vessels navigating
the Pacific ocean. These grants of land are to
be made to the States of Louisiana, Arkansas,
Texas, Missouri, and Iowa, on condition that
they will commence the roads within their respect-
ive States within one year succeeding the first ses-
sion of the Legislature after the passage of this act,
and complete them within five years. California
is allowed ten years for the accomplishment of her
portion of the work. Another condition is, that
the United States mail is to be carried over these
roads forever free of charge to the Government;
and also all troops, seamen, arms, munitions of
war, military and naval stores, and all funds and
property belonging to the United States, and all
persons on official business in their employment.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, at the beginning
of the present session I gave notice that I would
introduce the bill now under consideration for the
construction of a railroad to unite the Atlantic and
Pacific frontiers of the Republic, and -which, with
its branches, shall reach from the great inland
seas of the north and the forty-ninth parallel to
the Gulf of Mexico, and the twenty-fourth degree
of north latitude.
For advances in civilization, the age in which we
live is without a parallel in the history of the
world, and yet it continues to be eminently pro-
gressive. The human mind, not content with its
astonishing triumphs in every department of nat-
ural science, and in the utilitarian arts, is still ex-
erting its ceaseless and wonder-working'energies
further to unfold the secrets of nature, to seize and
apply every newly-discovered principle in her
kingdom that may aid in asserting the triumph of
mind over matter. Public opinion, enlightened
by the extraordinary discoveries of the last quar-
ter of a century, is abandoning enterprises which
a previous age had regarded as works of advanced
civilization.
The old post-horse and post-chaise system of
travel and mail communication is abandoned.
The country track has yielded to the turnpike
and tram road, whilst these in turn are every-
where giving way to the railroad, which, notwith-
standing the progress it has already made, is yet
destined to produce results to the well-being of
