1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
society, moral, mental, and political—to effect a I
revolution in our great agricultural and manufac-
turing interests, in our trade, domestic and foreign,
that it is impossible for imagination to estimate or
predict.
The enlightened nations of Europe, as well as
America, are pressing forward in this march of
improvement. The spirit of the age demands the
utmost of human energies in thTs great work.
Before this iron revolution of science, natural ob-
stacles are vanishing; rocks are excavated, moun-
tains cut m two, or pierced at their bases, valleys
are leveled up, rivers spanned, and mind acting
upon mind is now striving to effect new discover-
ies to hasten the speed of the steam-engine, and
obtain still greater triumphs in the rapidity of
transit and facilities of intercommunication.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-
land is pierced and intersected in numerous direc-
tions by the most improved railways,and the iron
horse, glowing under his fiery impulse, is there
speeding his way by day and by night at the rate
of twelve hundred miles in twenty-four'hours.
The Governments of Belgium, Prance, Prussia,
Austria, Russia, and Italy, are alive to the import-
ance of securing to their people the benefits of
rapid transit and intercommunication, and are
steadily pushing forward the great work of road
reformation, whilst Spain, and even the Sublime
Porte, have become aroused to the importance of
the subject.
And what have our own citizens done in this
respect by means of individual enterprise .and
State assistance ? We have in the north the Al-
bany, Buffalo, and Boston routes, the New York
and Erie, the Michigan Central and Southern;
then in the middle States we have the Pennsyl-
vania Central, the Baltimore and Ohio, the Cin-
cinnati and St. Louis. In the southern States the
Virginia and Tennessee, the Cincinnati and Ten-
nessee, the Alabama and Tennessee, the Gulf and
Western Atlantic, the Central Georgia and Ma-
con, with various branches direct and lateral, run-
ning to and from the Atlantic, the great Lakes, ;
and towards the Gulf coast and the Mississippi
river, besides the great Mobile and Ohio, and the
Illinois Central railroad, the last two forming one
chain running from the Gulf of Mexico on the
south, to Lake Michigan on the north, and the
others taking the direction generally from east to
west.
These routes, actual and in progress, will form
a magnificent net work of railways, stretching
from Augusta, the capital of Maine, the extreme
northeastern State of this Union, through New
Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Isl-
and, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North
and South Carolina, Georgia, into Florid^, through
Alabama, into Mississippi to Louisiana, through
Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Indiana, Illinois,
Kentucky, and Tennessee, and generally having
their termini on or near the Mississippi river.
The extent of railroads now actually made may
be set down at upwards of twelve thousand miles,
almost equal to the extent of those in the whole
European world, whilst the routes now in progress
are about twelve thousand nine hundred miles,
making a length already finished equal to about
half the circumference of the globe, and with those
under way equal to its whole circumference.
The surface of the American Union, thus im-
proved by railways, is situated between the At-
lantic ocean and the Mississippi river, or the
meridians of nine degrees east and nineteen de-
grees west longitude from Washington, extending
from the twenty-fifth to the forty-ninth degree of
north latitude, embracing twenty-eight degrees of
longitude and twenty-five decrees of latitude.
These giant enterprises, the most astonishing
on record, have L>een undertaken and are carried
on upon an invested capital, according to the cen-
sus returns, of $672,770,000, and without a dollar
from the National Treasury, yet with some liber-
ality on the part of Congress in donations of land.
The sphere of these operations embraces an area
of 915,052 square miles, or 585,633,280 acres,
with an Atlantic coast of 1,900 miles, and a Gulf
coast of some 600 miles, from the southern cape
of Florida to the mouths of the Mississippi.
This is what the energy of the American people
has done, developing the remarkable fact, that in
this great interwoven chain of iron railways they
have, as it wer«, been moved by one mind and one
purpose of stretching these routes over mountains,
valleys, and rivers, from the Atlantic on the east,
the Lakes on the north, to the Great West; and
this they have accomplished with a perseverance
against apparently the most insurmountable ob-
stacles, and with an outlay of capital without a
parallel.
Now, let us turn to another side'of the picture,
and see what remains to be done to carry out the
great design of the American people in this system
of improvement. We find that the surface yet to
be improved by railroads is situated between the
Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean, or the
meridian of nineteen degrees and forty-seven de-
grees of west longitude from Washington, ex-
tending from the twenty-sixth degree to the forty-
ninth degree of north latitude, embracing the
States of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Iowa,
Texas, California, and the Territories of Min-
nesota, Utah, New Mexico, Oregon, Nebraska,
the old Northwestern and Indian Territories, cov-
ering a surface of 2,343,502 square miles, or
1,499,841,280 acres, with a sea-board on the Pa-
cific of 1,620 miles, and a gulf coast on the south
of about 600 miles from the mouths of the Mis-
sissippi westward, including the southern coast
of Louisiana and Texas. Over this portion of our
ocean-bound empire, having a coast, ocean, and
gulf of 2,220 miles, and being two thirds of the
whole territorial extent of the American Union,
and within which are eleven twelfths of the public
domain, the Government of the United States has
done comparatively nothing, whilst our citizens,
out of their own resources, have accomplished so
much in tjiat region of our country east of the
Mississippi, and, as I have already shown, at a
cost approaching $700,000,000.
I now bring before the Senate a project by which
it is proposed that the Government shall do its
part in the great work of establishing a permanent
and enduring route of land communication between
our ocean frontiers. The plan proposed requires
\ that the main trunk of a great Pacific railway sys-
i tem shall commence at San Francisco, in Califor-
nia, andpassing around the southern arm of the bay
of San Francisco, through Santa Clara, San Jose,
and in a northeast direction across the coast range
of mountains, through Stockton, to a point nearly
south of the source of the Stanislaus river, thence
along the " foot hills" of the Sierra Nevada range
and east of the San Joaquin river and Lake Tu-
lares, to a point designated on the map as " Walk-
er's Pass," thence eastwardly on, and near the
parallel of 350 of north latitude to Zune, in longi-
tude 320 west, across ^e Sierra Madre mountains
by well known passes through which there are
wagon roads now in use, to Albuquerque, a town
on the east fork of the Rio Grande, and continuing
east on said parallel to a point about thirty-five
miles south of Santa Fe, in the meridian of 270
of west longitude from Washington; thence south-
easterly to the source of Red river, and along the
left or north bank of said river to Fulton, near the
southwest corner of the State of Arkansas. From
this great trunk railway a St. Louis branch will ■
begin at a point nearly due south of Santa Fe, and
taking a northeasterly direction will fall in with
the road from Santa Fe to Independence, Missouri,
at or near San Miguel, (a town on the Rio Pecos,)
and keeping with said road as near as practicable
to the town of Independence, Missouri, thence by
the located roads in that State, to St. Louis, thus
connecting at that point with the great eastern
thoroughfares of the northern and middle States
already made or in process of construction.
From this main or St. Louis branch at or near
the point where it intersects the Arkansas river, a
Dubuque branch is proposed to Council Bluffs or
Kanesville on the Missouri river in Iowa, and
thence across the middle of that State, in a north-
easterly direction to Dubuque on the Mississippi
river, connecting there with the great lake system
of railroads already in operation, or in the process
of construction.
From Fulton a branch will run northeast-
wardly through Little Rock and Francisville,
situated near the foot of the New Madrid swamp,
to Memphis, Tennessee, another important point
of connection of what may be denominated the
middle system of railroads, already completed, or
in progress, from the Atlantic coast westward, and
at the same time connecting with the southern
system of routes. From the same point (Fulton)
a New Orleans branch will run southeastwardly
by the way of Alexandria and Opelousas, through
the middle of the State of Louisiana, to New Or-
leans, so as to connect with the southern coast
railways. This branch will intersect the Shreven-
port and Vicksburg (Mississippi) railroad, thus
: connecting with the middle system of southern
routes, byway of Jackson, Mississippi, Selma and
Montgomery, Alabama, to Savannan, Charleston,
and Pensacola.
The Texas branch begins at or near the source
of Red river; thence in a southeast direction to the
source of the Colorado, and along the east bank
of that river through Austin to Matagorda, on the
Gulf of Mexico.
The Oregon branch will begin south of the
source of Stanislaus river, in the State of Cali-
fornia, and proceed thence northwardly near the
"foot hills" east of the Sacramento river to its
source; thence along the " foot hills" on the west
side of the Cascade Range of mountains, crossing
the Columbia river near Oregon City to Fort Nis-
qually, being a safe and commodious harbor at
the head of Puget's Sound.
MiU,.
The whole length of this great route from
San Francisco to Memphis is. 2,000
From San Francisco to St. Louis 1,900
From San Francisco to Dubuque 2,015
From San Francisco to New Orleans 2,150
From San Francisco to Matagorda  1,800
And from San Francisco to Fort Nisqually,
in Oregon    770
Making a total length in miles of. 10,695
This aggregate length of routes will be formed
by constructing the following main trunk and
branches:
MUt.
From San Francisco, via Fulton, in Arkan-
sas, to Memphis  2,000
The St. Louis branch from a point on the
main trunk, thirty-five miles south of
Santa Fe, to St. Louis  915
The Dubuque branch from a point on the
St. Louis branch, where it intersects the
Arkansas river, to Dubuque  610
The Texas branch from the source of Red
river, on the southern bend of the main
trunk, to the source of the Colorado river,
and thence to Matagorda bay, on the
Gulf.  535
The New Orleans route from Fulton to New
Orleans  405
And the Oregon branch from San Francis-
co, in California, to Fort Nisqually, in
Oregon  650
Total length of railroad to be constructed.. 5,115
The means proposed to construct this railway
and branches, are a grant from Congress of public
land to the States of Louisiana, Missouri, Arkan-
sas, Iowa, California, and an appropriation for
the construction of the road through the Territo-
ries, of an aggregate quantity of 152,400 square
miles, or 97,536,000 acres; and this appropriation
is to meet the expenses of a Pacific railway and
branches of 4,400 miles, because from the aggre-
gate length of 5,115 miles is to be deducted the-
Texas branch, inasmuch as the Government of the
United States has no public lands to grant within
the limits of that State.
Upon this point, I avail myself of the occasion
at this stage of the proceedings to say, that al-
though Texas will find a rich reward by her un-
aided construction of the road through her territory
in the enhanced value of her public domain, and
the development of her immense agricultural re-
sources, and by eventually securing her a full share
of our domestic and foreign trade, yet, as this rail-
way is, to all intents and purposes, a post road,
within the spirit and letter of the 8th section of th«
1st article of the Constitution, delegating express
power in Congress " to establish post offices and
post roads," I think it but just and fair that she
should be placed upon an equal footing with the
public land States through which the Pacific rail-
way will pass; and as we cannot give lierGovern-
ment lands within her limits, we should aid her
in the construction of the road by the payment of
money out of the National Treasury. I have no
doubt of the constitutional power of Congress to
