282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 13,
do so, and shall feel bound at the proper time to
advocate and press upon the attention of the Sen-
ate the propriety and justice of such a measure.
Recurring, then, to the means provided by this
bill for the construction of this Pacific railway, we
find that the quantity of land proposed to be granted
equals, as stated,97,536,000 acres, which, at$l 25
per acre, the minimum price of the public lands,
would amount to the sum of $121,900,000, for the
construction of 4,400 miles of road, leaving out of
the calculation, for the reason indicated, the Texas
branch, which makes up the whole length of 5,115
miles for the main trunk and branches.
This sum will allow an average for constructing
the road, of $27,700 per mile. We find that the
actual average cost of railways through the United
States, east of the Mississippi, according to the
census report, was only $27,300 per mile. And I
it must be noted that this sum included the cost of j
the lands purchased for the track from private in- j
dividuals, a material item of expense not incident :
to this railway.
It may be added further, that in the census re-
port alluded to, $20,000 is set down as a reliable
estimate for the expense per mile in the new States;
and I have no doubt the improved facilities of con-
struction will reduce the cost below this estimate;
yet, even at that assumption, the provision now
made would be something like $7,000 greater per
mile than the cost reported.
Now, the great point is for the Government of
the United Slates to take the initiative in this meas-
ure, and to enter upon it in earnest. At once the
popular mind will be inspired with confidence of
success—the public will and energy will be im-
mediately concentrated upon it, and these yielding
to no check, not dismayed by any obstacle, will
surprise the world by the speed with which the
work will be accomplished.
The bill now presented fixes the shortest and
most feasible route, every mile of it having been
explored, and over a considerable surface of which
even now convenient wagon routes exist.
The reports of our Army officers and others, of
explorations north and south and in the vicinity
of its line, represent the country as remarkably
level, with a fertile soil, well watered, a salubrious
climate, with prairies and woodland, having an
exhaustless supply of good timber and building
stone, and every facility for this splendid enter-
prise, which, when carried out, will draw along it
a living stream of emigration, developing the
boundless agricultural and mineral resources of
that distant Territory, dotting it with farms, vil-
lages, towns, and cities, and establishing in the
heart of the great distant West, political strength
to uphold and cement the principles of our popu- 1
lar institutions. I
Having shown the general object in view, the
means suggested for its accomplishment, and its
entire feasibility, I will now explain the instru-
mentality proposed for its execution.
The nature of our confederated Union is such,
that it becomes necessary, in this enterprise, for us
to consider and respect the relative powers of the i
States and General Government, and to deal with
each in proper regard to the constitutional scruples J
of many of our distinguished statesmen. j,
Having been educated in the State-Rights school
of politics, I have ever felt, in the exercise of the
powers of the General Government, the import- i
ance of avoiding the semblance of encroachment j'
upon the reserved rights of State sovereignty, for
in these is to be found the real strength of our in-
stitutions. It might be within the range of possi-
bility, but far from probability, that the strength
of the National Government might be tried by in-
ternal defection; the convulsions of faction are j
strained by the shock of external attack and vio- ■
lence from some mighty coalition of hostile pow- !
ers; but should this ever occur, there isa recupera- !
tive power, thank God! in our State governments,
and in the great body of our enlightened citizens,
who uphold them both alike, which will ever in-
fuse new vitality, strength, and energy into the
General Government.
Recurring to the instrumentality proposed, it
will be found that this bill authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to contract for the road
and branches so far as they fall within the limits
of the Territories, namely, the main trunk, (exclud-
ing the part in Texas,) to the southwest corner
of the State of Arkansas, and the branches to the
west boundaries of Missouri and Iowa, and from
the north boundary of California to Puget's Sound.
It giants the right of way for the road and
branches, and appropriates the alternate odd-num-
bered sections, or half the land within forty miles
on each side of the same.
It grants to each of the States of Arkansas and
Louisiana, for branches to connect at the Missis-
sippi river with the railroads from the Atlantic
sea-board, the alternate odd-numbered sections, or
half the land, within twenty miles on each side of
the route within their limits respectively.
To each of the Slates of Missouri and Iowa a
like quantity is given for branch roads from the
teimini on the Missouri river to points on the
Mississippi, to connect with the railways now in
progress from the Atlantic sea-board, deducting
the lands granted to Missouri for roads at the last
session of Congress.
To California is conceded, on the same terms
and conditions, alternate sections for forty miles
on each side of this great Pacific thoroughfare,
within her limits, authorizing also the selection of
other lands to make good any deficiencies where
the sections intended to be granted may have been
heretofore sold, or otherwise appropriated by the
Government.
It prescribes the conditions of grant, that the
States shall, within one year after the first session
of their respective Legislatures, commence the roads
and complete them in Jive years from the passage
of this act, allowing California ten years, or as
much sooner as the connecting road and branches
through the territory shall be completed. It stip-
ulates that the United States mail, and all the Uni-
ted States troops, seamen, arms, and munitions of
war, military and naval stores, and all funds and
property of the Government, and all officials, shall
be conveyed over the roads free of expense to the
United States, which shall have the preference
over all persons or bodies-politic, when in the opin-
ion of the President the public interest requires
promptness and dispatch. It stipulates that each
State shall assent and comply with all of its terms
and conditions, and Congress shall have the right,
| under specified and protective limitations, to reg-
ulate the charge for freight and passengers. It
makes it the duty of the Secretary of War, under
the direction of the President, to have the road
located, and requires him to advertise six months
for proposals for its construction within the Ter-
ritories, and to contract for the same, to be com- i
pleted in not exceeding ten years from the date of j
contract—to be delivered up to the United States
I with all the appurtenances in not exceeding thirty
: years from the date of completion, and incorporates
the contractors for the peno^of the contract, and
for five years thereafter. It requires the President
to issue patents to the contractors for four fifths
of the land they are entitled to, on the completion
of a section of one hundred miles, the remaining
one fifth to be retained as additional security for
the completion ofthe road,and so on for each addi-
tional section of one hundred miles. It orders that
the contracts shall stipulate for a certain, number
of miles to be finished each year, so as to com-
plete the whole road in ten years, and as much i
earlier as practicable, the road and branches to be
put in good repair by the contractors; and in case
of a failure, to be judged of by Congress, the con-
tracts to be annulled, and the road and lands to '
revert to the United States. ;
The bill further makes the road and branches
the property of the contractors for the term of
their contracts, reserving, as before stated, the right
of Congress to regulate the tolls.
It declares, in case any State shall fail to accept
the grants, that the Secretary of War, with the
consent of said State, shall award contracts for the
construction of the branches within its limits, on
similar terms to those authorized by its previous
provisions.
It provides further, that when under the con-
tracts the road is surrendered to the United States,
so much of it as may be within the limits of any
State formed out of the present Territories, shall
be granted to such State on the same terms and
conditions as prescribed to other States receiving 1
grants under the provisions already adverted to.
Finally, the bill orders that the road shall be
constructed in the most substantial manner, of the
best materials, with all the modern improvements,
and provides for the appointment of commission-
ers, who, under the direction of the Secretary of 1
Wat, shall take all necessary measures to protect j|
the public interest, and to see that the terms of
the contracts are fully and strictly complied with.
By this bill interference with State sovereignty
is avoided. To the States is awarded the right to
cooperate (and it is made their interest to do so)
in this gjreat public measure, whilst the General
Government deals through its Executive with the
subject in its own Territories, under the express
authority of the third section of the fourth article
of the Constitution, which confers the power on
Congress " to dispose of and make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
The facts already presented will show this to be
the most profitable undertaking that was ever pro-
jected. That the lands proposed to be donated at
the minimum price of $1 25 per acre, will give a
round average of $27,700 per mile for the work,
which is an excess per mile for its construction of
$7,700 clear profit, over and above the average es-
timated cost of $20,000, as stated in the census
report; this, indeed, being the actual cost per mile,
including equipments of the Cleveland and Erie
railroad, the stock for which is now commanding
twenty-two per cent, premium; and it will be re-
membered that the latter work was constructed in
a far more rigorous climate, and with greater ob-
stacles than will be found over the greater portion
of the Pacific route.
Looking further to the fact of the constant im-
provement in railway works, and the new and in-
creased facilities of the operatives, growing out of
their experience, and the inventive talent ofourciti-
zens, the estimate, with good reason, might be as-
sumed at $17,700 per mile; and, in that case, there
would be a clear profit, on theconstruction of every
mile, of some $10,000. Add to this the increase in
the value ofthe Zand-fund capital, which cannotfail
to be greatly augmented by the additional value
to the property which this great project itself will
impart; for here we have fresh unculied lands, im-
mensely rich in minerals and agricultural resources,
while our experience has shown, even where this
was not the case, as in the Illinois donation, by
i the act of 20th September, 1850, lands along the
route which had been in market for thirty years
and more, at $1 25, rapidly rose in value to more
than $2 50 per acre, thus commanding a price
equal to double the ordinary public land minimum.
In addition to all these considerations, let us ex-
amine the probable profits of the Pacific route,
supposing that the parties constructing it had to
j pay up the full cash capital of $100,000,000, out
I of their own pockets. We set it down as a low
estimate that 75,000 persons will go to and from
California over this thoroughfare the first year,
and that every year thereafter, for the whole period
of the contracts, will add a large percentage to
tlys number. But assuming this estimate, for
Che first and future years, and at $200 for each pas-
senger, we will have the sum, per annum, of
$15,000,000, giving an interest often per cent, on
the capital invested, with five per cent, for repairs,
from passengers alone, estimating nothing for
freights. It is not to be doubted for a moment,
that the largest part of the lands now proposed to
he granted, will be disposed of in exchange for
labor; and such lands becoming settled pari passu
with' the construction of the road, will yield a large
additional amount of freight and tolls on the inter-
I mediate points, whilst in this way, the great ob-
1 ject of settling the country will be advanced, and
the value of the property donated immensely in-
i creased.
[ The importance, indeed the imperious necessity,
of immediately commencing this line of railroad
! is every day pressing with greater force upon the
attention of the country, and of the Congress of
the United States. Every civilized nation has
shown it, in practice, to be a governmental duty
to open up and construct thoroughfares and high-
ways, as indispensable to the public weal. The
history of the world, past and present, is full of
memorable illustrations. That mighty nation
which once ruled the earth under its forms of
royalty, republicanism, and of empire, has left
enduring memorials of its wisdom and of its
power, in nothing greater, in a material point of
view, than its public roads. Augustus erected the
Milliarium Aureum, a gilt marble pillar in the Fo-
rum, to mark the central point from which the great
roads diverged from the seat of empire. Public
works of this class, in charge of the censors and
consuls in the days of the Republic, and of an
