1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
from California has not discussed; nor was it
proper that he should have discussed them. He
has looked at this as a national question—one con-
nected with our social relations, and with our
commerce. But, before we vote upon the bill, I
concur most fully with the Senator from Tennes-
see, that we should examine all its details. And
while I am the last Senator who would interpose
any objection to it, and while I am amongst those
who will be foremost in urging this matter to a
consummation, I trust that no vote will be pressed
upon the Senate to-day. I hope there are gentle-
men who will examine these details, and who will
be prepared to present to the Senate their views at
length; and if not, reluctant as I always am toad-
dress the Senate, I may be compelled to perform
that task myself.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, 1 am in favor
of the great object of this bill, and I think it
should be made the leading measure of this ses-
sion. I desire, as far as I have anything to do,
during this session, with the proceedings of the
Senate, that we should recall, if possible, the pub-
lic mind from certain outside questions which have
agitated us during the last few sessions—I mean
foreign relations—and direct the attention of Con-
gress to our internal affairs—to the great improve-
ments, and to thegreat progress of the age at home.
I shall, therefore, on all occasions, aid the Sen-
ator from California in pressing this measure on
the consideration of the Senate; but I think if he
were to urge it at this time, we should be pro-
ceeding without that information which is neces-
sary even to vote upon the details of the bill, with
anything like an intelligent view of the subject.
The Senator himself has made a speech to-day
containing a great many interesting facts; and I
have no doubt it will be the desire of the Senate
to look into, and inform themselves in regard to
them. He hasalso presented a map, showing the
location and situation of the great leading railroad
thoroughfares of the country, in connection, I
suppose, with this great route to the Pacific. As
on* great question, and perhaps the most difficult
question to settle in connection with this subject,
will be in regard to the location of the route, we
want information upon that subject; and before we
can take one step with regard to the details of the
bill,we ought to be informed in-reference to the
proposed points. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ator will consent to postpone the bill to-some fu-
ture day, and if he will name any day that will
be agreeable to him, I shall move that it be post-
poned until that time.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I will move that
the further consideration of the subject be post-
poned until to-morrow. I wish to keep this meas-
ure before the Senate. It.is now the first in
order, and I am determined to press it to a vote.
1 have no very determined opinion in regard to
tbe measure I have presented. I am in favor of
any practicable plan of building a railroad to the
Pacific. I have brought this bill forward, because
I have examined the subject with a great deal of
attention and care, and I thought this was a prac-
tical and practicable measure. I believe the road
can be built on the route which I have indicated
in the bill; I have no doubt of it. I have in my
port-folio evidence which cannot be controverted,
showing the practicability of the route: evidence
from those who have traveled over it, from offi-
cers of the Army, from trappers, men who have
been for twenty or thirty years examining that
section of country. We have got on this route
those passes through the mountains which we
want. We have all the advantages for the main
trunk of the road, which is the gTeat object at
least. I have evidence which I shall at a proper
time submit to the Senate, which proves unques- .
tionably that the road can be made on that route.
All I want ia to have action on the biH, and early
action, by the Senate. 1 am not for pressing it
to a vote to-day; but if gentlemen are prepared
for the vote, I am, and I always have been pre-
pared. I hope the Senate will act speedily. I
am willing, however, to let the subject go over till
to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose no member of the
Senate will view this in any other light than as a
measure of very great importance. I rise to say,
for one, that I am gratified that it has been
brought to the attention of the Senate. It seems
to me that the time has come when our experience '■
teach** us a lesson which we should not soon i
, forget. We have been here for days discussing
' the terms and conditions of a treaty, and the man-
ner in which it has been executed. Our attention
has been hitherto directed to inter-oceanic commu-
nication through a foreign territory, which at all
times, and under all circumstances, will be ham-
pered with conditions and difficulties that tend to
the obstruction of the enterprise. I have been,
in my own mind, for a long time prepared to se-
cure, by some means or other, intercommunica-
tion between the Atlantic and the Pacific coast
upon our own territory; to have a highway of
our own, which will be subject to no interference
from any quarter whatever; and I am free to say,
that I believe that to be one of the most effectual
means which human ingenuity can devise of
binding and uniting this Union together. Create
a unity of interest, and you have a unity of feel-
ing.
But, sir, this is a great measure—it is very grave
in its character; and what I should desire, if i am
called upon to vote, is to vote for the best means
of intercommunication between the Atlantic and
the Pacific. If a route is to be selected, I wish it
to be the best route for commercial purposes, for
trade aqd intercourse; and I regret that the Senator
from California should have thought it expedient
in his bill to indicate any route whatever. I wish
to see this whole question entirely open for further
investigation, exploration, and examination.
Why, sir, the honorable gentleman proposes to
make some ten thousand miles of railroad, and so
far as I understand, not one foot of it has been
explored by engineers for that purpose. This
does not detract from its merits, or its importance.
It only shows the propriety of leaving this ques-
tion tofutureinvestigation. Letus leave the ques-
tion in some form, so that that location of a high-
way may be taken which shall best subserve the
great interests of the country. For myself, I can
have no feeling on this subject influenced by any
local considerations. I have no motive but to go
for the very best route which can be obtained.
I While up, I will make another suggestion to
II the honorable member from California. I do not
j! know that I heard the bill read correctly, and I
! watched his remarks to see if there was any notice
of one point there; but the bill only provides, as I
understood it, for the construction of a road, and
nothing else. Let me tell my honorable friend
i that this does not begin to get a communication
J through the country. You want the equipments
i of a road; you want stations; you want watering-
j places; you want locomotives; you want all the
means of intercommunication; and they will cost
you one third of the whole expense. If they are
not provided for in the bill, you will simply have ;
a track; and when you get it, you will have noth- .
ing to put upon it in order to move. If that be
so, it is a great defect in the bill, and one that must
be remedied, for there should be some provision
to secure the means of moving on the road when
you obtain it.
I do not throw out these suggestions by way of
objection. I merely wish to bring the attention of
gentlemen to the subject, to show them that it is
one of great magnitude; one of many details, and
requiring very great and very careful consideration
to secure it properly. I am ready to cooperate
with the honorable Senator from California in do-
ing that; but it is not to be done in a day. It re-
quires care, and attention, and examination, to
mature a subject of this kind.
Mr. SEW"ARD. Mr. President, although I
have not been anxious to be heard early on this
question, I am quite unwilling that the State from
which I come, and the commercial emporium
which is located within it, shall suffer a day's de-
bate to pass, without giving utterance of a hearty
concurrence in the solicitude which has been mani-
fested from all parts of the House for the construc-
tion and the speediest possible construction of the
Pacific railroad. I rise with that view, a3 well as
for the purpose of expressing the thanks which
are eminently due to the honorable Senator from
California, who has brought the subject before us
in a bill which, whatever may be its defects, is,
considering the magnitude and the novelty of the
case, so admirably digested; and for having pre-
sented the merits and importance of this great
work of internal improvement in a manner so
just, and I might say, corresponding to the mag-
nificence of the work itself.
Sir, I have observed, in the prosecution of works ;
of internal improvement, that there is much less
difficulty in bringing the public mind and the
minds of legislative bodies to the adoption of a
favorable view of an enterprise, than there ia in
fixing the plan and the route for the prosecution
of the improvement; and I see at once that these
are to be the great difficulties which the present
enterprise is to encounter in this body, and in the
other branch of Congress. Those difficulties will
probably disclose themselves in a more formidable
shape than 1 have supposed, or than any of us
have supposed. With reference to that point, I
wish to be distinctly understood now.
I think that the estimate of the honorable Sena-
tor from California, of the cost of the construction
of the road, is perhapsf too light. He tells us it
may be built for $17,000 possibly, and certainly
for $27,000 per mile. I hope so; but when I con-
sider that it is to be made, throughout its entire
length, through a region at present uninhabited,
it strikes me the requisite amount will be much
greater.
Mr. GWIN. I did not state that as the posi-
tive expense. I said that this bill appropriated
$27,70(1 for each mile, provided the land donated
would bring SI 25 an acre; that is the provision of
the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I believe the iron for such a
railroad would cost, at present prices, $9,000 a
mile. I mention this for the purpose of saying
that whether the road costs $27,000 or $47,000 a
mile, or whether it is to be paid for in land or in
money, I am in favor of it out and out, through and
through, right out and straightforward, from be-
ginning to end. And I know no other way in
which we can properly approach it except by
coming to its consideration with the fixed purpose
of going through with it successfully to the end.
1 hope I may be allowed to say that I believe
the great difficulty consists in beginning. If no-
body else shall offer a better plan than this, or
another plan for our consideration, I am prepared
to vote for this now. I am prepared to hear others
propose their plans. I have no prepossessions in
favor of this; but it strikes me to be a very good
one to begin upon, and when we once begin with
a determination to go through, we shall go through.
I hope, therefore, that the honorable Senator
from California will insist upon calling up the bill
to-morrow, that other plans, if there be any, will
be offered, and that he will not suffer foreign rela-
tions, or political relations, or party relations, or
anything else, to interfere with this project until it
shall have gone through the Senate of the United
States.
I confess, sir, that this is the proudest day ex-
cept one, that I have ever seen in the Senate of
the United States. The proudest day that I ever
saw in the Senate was the day when that honor-
able Senatorand another came into this body, rep-
resentatives of an American State, on the shores
of the Pacific ocean, it was the proudest day
that I have ever seen in political life.
Next after it, I think, is this day, on which a
Senator from the Pacific ocean does, what we all
then foresaw would be done by Senators from
those regions, call us up to the work of extending
our communications to them, and our defense and
protection around them and over them.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I think (he expres-
sion of these general views will be useful, at any
rate, whatever course the measure may take. I
have already taken occasion to say that no man
estimates the value of this road higher than I do;
and, within the constitutional powers of this Gov-
ernment, all our efforts should be directed to its
construction. But I foresaw then, and so stated, 
and it is still more apparent now, and will be yet
more apparent from day to day,— that there is dan-
ger of frittering away our strength on mere local
questions as to the termination of the road.
With respect to the general idea of a railroad
to the Pacific, I am in favor of it, and I shall vote
for it most cheerfully; but I think I cannot vote
for this bill as it is. It is entirely too magnificent
for me. I want a road, and for the present I want
one road, and only one road, for one is all we can
get now The great object is to get a directsteam
communication between the Mississippi and the
Pacific. I do not care where you touch the Mis-
sissippi, because, when you get there, wherever
you are, you will be in the center of the country,
and you can go in a day, or two days, or three
days, to almost any part of it. My object, there-
