286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
fore, is to ?et a direct road from the Pacific to some
practicable point oil the Mississippi, wherever it
may be best. I do not know where the route
should be. t have not the slightest idea in the
world upon that point; at least 1 have not such an
idea of the topography of the country as would
justify me in voting in favor of a particular route.
>lv own impression is this: thatgeneral provision
should be made in the bill, in general terms, for
the means by which the road is to be constructed,
and then the details should be put upon the Ex-
ecutive, and the Executive, by a proper commis-
sion, to be appointed by the authority of law,
should ascertain where the route ought to be, and
the whole circumstances connected with it.
That is my view. 1 am totally unprepared to
vote upon any particular route; and most assur-
edly it requires no spirit of prophecy to foretell
that if you undertake to make now, what the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts says are ten
thousand miles of railroad, instead of making a
direct route from the Mississippi to the Pacific,
rou will have an utter failure. It cannot be done.
t is a great mistake to suppose that any such
project can be accomplished now.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator will permit me to
say that I only propose five thousand miles of
railroad. There will, however, be ten thousand
miles of travel.
Mr. CASS. If we can get a direct line from St.
Louis or Memphis, to the Pacific, at a distance of
two thousand miles, let usselect that. Do notletus
send offbranches, then, in other directions, with no
other apparent object than to gain strength. The
bill has strength enough now in the hearts of the
people; and such a course will, in my opinion,
•weaken the project; for many men would like to
Tote for the principle of the measure, who would
not desire to see the public means diverted to favor
a particular place. What the honorable gentle-
man from California wants, and what we all want,
is to unite the Pacific with this part of the country.
We do not want to diverge from one point to
another, simply with a view of gaining favor for
the route, or answering any local or temporary
purpose. All we want is a great road to bind us
together: and no gentleman can express himself
more strongly upon that subject than I feel. i'
There are some constitutional questions con- [
nected with the construction of this road which :
will come up in the course of discussion,and they 1
will require consideration; but the main object
upon which we are nearly all agreed is the estab-
lishment of a road by means within the consti-
tutional powers of this Government. And we
should do it practically; that is, in such a manner
that we can ascertain the proper direction, and the 1
proper termini, and the proper mode. These are
points, some of them, which must be regulated by
statutory provision, and some, in my opinion, by
Executive administration.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. president, the great dan-
ger of this project, it seems to me, is its magnifi-
cence and grandeur. The idea of having a com-
munication from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean
has its fascinations, no doubt; but I must be per-
mitted to say that it also has its delusions. I have
no idea that one generation should anticipate pos-
terity. The project of the honorable Senator from
California is a project which, perhaps, posterity,
ten or twenty yea rsfrom this time, may accomplish;
but I must say that I cannot vote blindfolded upon
such a proposition without some knowledge of
my own. I have every confidence that he has
given us in the bill the best route, because it has
the sanction of hig judgment and investigation.
The admirable speech which he has delivered has
convinced me that he has bestowed moreattention
upon this subject than any of us; certainly far
more than I have been able to bestow upon it.
But suppose, as has been intimated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, it should turn out, when
you build the road, that you have nothing but the
iron and rails laid down; you would be like the 1
pan who built a mill, and when he went to turn
it, had no water. I want something like a recon-
noissance or survey; I want the opinion of re-
sponsible agents or commissioners, who may go '
out from this Government; and I want such in-
formation before me as will enable me to see how i
far we can embark in an enterprise of this kind.
My motto, as I have often repeated it in this
body, so far as regards this progressive age, is,
tat cito si hito. I should like to know, in the first
place, whether we can embark m this enterprise
with the certainty of accomplishing it.
But I do not mean to intimate that I shall vote
for the bill, even if its practicability be established,
because [ have constitutional objections upon this
point, which are well known to the Senate. I have,
however, been in this body long enough to know
that we have survived the Constitution, and that all
projects of this kind are to be effected independent
of the Constitution. If it is to be effected inde-
pendent of the obligations of the Constitution, it
resolves itself into a question of legislative discre-
tion. Then let us have all the wisdom upon the
subject—I mean the wisdom which the light of
experience can shed upon it, and the light which
intelligent men who may be employed to survey
this route can give us.
It is possible that I may exert some influence
over this subject by my vote, because if there be a
difference between routes, or a difference as to one
project over another, I may cast my influence one
way or another. 1 may do so,and many of those
who are situated in the same predicament with
me may be compelled to do so. 1 have not the
least idea of embarking in this discussion, but I
think this is a measure which requires attentive
consideration.
If projects are to commend themselves to us by
their magnificence, this is a very great and grand
one, and will immortalize the gentleman. I do
not know, as I said before on several occasions,
whether, after a while, we shall not have a bill in-
troduced here to hasten the millennium, because
that might be rather a grander project. I cannot
undertake to commit myself to one or the other,
but I have no idea of taking a vote upon the bill
at this time.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the honorable Senator
from South Carolina will reconsider his notion
that this railroad will not hasten the millennium.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think it will.
Mr. RUSK. I think it is perfectly practicable
to be accomplished, and I think also that it is a
duty which we owe to the citizens of California,
to construct such a road, and I think it is proper
as a precautionary measure in case we should have
trouble with foreign Powers. It is eminently prac-
ticable. I have no idea but that upon the abstract
question of the construction of a railroad from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, there is a majority of both
Houses of Congress in favor of it. P believe that
there has been for the last four or five years a
majority, whenever a practicable project should
come before us, who would be in favor of it. But
we split upon the route. Here is the difficulty
which we must surmount. As a matter of course,
the representatives of each State will look to the
locality which will most benefit their particular
section of country; and hence, divisions of coun-
sels arise upon that point. I do not see that that
difficulty will be obviated by the suggestion of the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that the se-
lection of the route be left to the Executive. The
very same influences which are brought to bear
upon Congress, will be brought to bear upon him,
and will embarrass him in the selection of a route,
so that it will be a very difficult matter for him to
decide upon the proper route for the construction
of the road.
In reflecting upon this subject, one thing has
suggested itself to my mind as most important.
The Government cannot build this road, because
it would require an immense expenditure, and per-
haps no practical result would come from it. It
must be left, then, to private enterprise. It will
require a vast amount of capital. I think the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Gwin] has put his esti-
mates entirely too low. I shall be satisfied to see
such a road built at a cost of $35,000 per mile from
the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. It will take
an immense amount of capital, and if you will
throw open as far as possible the choice of the
route to those who will construct the road and in-
vest their money in the work, requiring suitable
guarantees that it shall not operate as a monopoly
injuriously, that will be the best place which they
will select; because they, as a matter of course,
will select the point where they can make their
investment most profitable by the transportation
of passengers and freight. That will be the point
where injustice will not be done, and if particular
local interests are not to be regarded, that will be
the most suitable location for the route.
Another difficulty which presents itself, is the
want of means to construct the road. There are
vast differences of opinion among honorable Sen-
ators upon this subject. The honorable Senator
from California anil myself believe that the land
upon the route will pay for it. I am not sure that
our anxiety to have the road constructed does not
furnish us with some facts upon the subject. I
feel very anxious to have a road constructed, and
the Senator from California is, perhaps, still more
anxious, because he is more directlv interested in
it. These are things that ought to be considered.
It is before the Senate, and it is a very important
measure, and we cannot move until we agree on
some means by which we can get over the diffi-
culties connected with the location of the road.
There must be something done upon that subject
so as to avoid the difficulty which will arise on
account of the differences of opinion as to the par-
ticular locality of the road.
Then, in the next place, we must look to the
means necessary for the purpose of constructing
the road; and then it is important that we should
look to guarding the road against becoming a great
monopoly which may be injurious in its effects.
These things require mature reflection. Some per-
sons believe we had better have the road construct-
ed byacompany. The proposition of the honorable
Senator from California is, that the different States
shall construct it. I can seedifficulties in that. They
will have particular locations or points to which
they will wish to have th,e road tend, and many
difficulties will grow out of that. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate—and that was my principal
object in rising—will take up all these different
projects and examine them, with a view to prac-
tical action, and that we will keep this matter be-
fore us from dfcy to day, together with the sugges-
tions as to amendments to, or substitutes for, the
bill, until we shall agree upon something which
promises to accomplish the great object.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator from
Texas if he did not intimate his intention, a few
days ago, to propose an amendment?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I would be glad to have that
brought forward, so that we may see it.
Mr. GWIN. If the bill is postponed until to-
morrow, to-morrow being private bill day, it will
come up on Monday as the regular order, and in
the mean time the various propositions can be
looked into. I am not tenacious about my par-
ticular bill. I want to have the object accom-
plished. I stated that the value of the land, at
$1 25 an acre, would be $27,700 a mile; but I think
that it will be worth more than that. The road
will make the land more valuable. That was my
statement.
I hope that the proposition which I made to
print two thousand extra copies of my bill will be
agreed to, so that we can have it as the basis of
our action on the subject. That is what I wish;
and I hope the Senator from Texas, and other
Senators, will bring forward propositions to amend
it. I do not pretend that mine is the best one. It
is the best in my judgment, but I may be mis-
taken. I know iherouteis practicable,and I have
given my views on the subject, with no wish to
deceive the Senate. My object is to keep the
measure before the Senate until it is acted upon—
until we mature a plan, and adopt some one of
the propositions which may be submitted, as I
believe the majority of the body are for establish-
ing a road between the Atlantic and Pacific. I
now move that the further consideration of the
subject be postponed until to-morrow, and that
two thousand extra copies of the bill be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I desire, with the permission of
the Senate, to lay on the table an amendment
which I propose to offer, and ask that it may be
printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norms
in the chair.) If there be no objection, the pro-
posed amendment will be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to inquire of the
honorable Senator from California if there have
been any copies of this bill printed and laid upon
the tables of Senators?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MANGUM. I have not one.
Mr. BELL. I would suggest that there are
other projects before the Senate which should also
be printed. There is the project of Mr. Whitney,
