1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
■which has been presented to the consideration of
the Senate for three years past. It will be but fair
to have all these measures before us; and it they
are not printed, I move that they be printed.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. Whitney's bill was reported
from the Committee on the Post Office ana Post
Roads at the last session, and the usual number of
copies was printed, though I believe they are quite
scarce, and it might be well to print it again.
Mr. BELL. It is suggested that they are not
to he had. 1 move, therefore, that the usual num-
ber of that bill, and also of the bill reported from
the Committee on Territories at the last session,
be reprinted for the use of the Senate. I will not
move the printing; of an extra number.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Mr. BORLAND. I have but a word or two
to say. No one can approve more highly than I
do this object. No one can rejoice more than I
do that it is before the Senate with a prospect of
doing something for the accomplishment of the
great work of connecting the Mississippi and the
Pacific ocean. There is a better prospect now
than ever before that something will bedone. The
subject has been before us for several years, and
several projects have been presented to us; and 1
think it is but just to the Committee on Public
Lands of this body to make a statement with re-
gard to them in connection with it.
Nearly five years ago this subject was referred
to them. Various propositions were before the
Senate for the construction of a road, and that
committee, on three different occasions, reported
bills for the accomplishment of the very object
which seems now so desired by Senators, and so
necessary to enable them to form a correct judg-
ment upon the question. They reported three
several times, that instead of adopting any partic-
ular route as proposed, our topographical engi-
neers should be employed to explore and survey (
the country between the Mississippi river and the
Pacific ocean, with a view to ascertain the shortest
and best route for the construction of a railroad.
That matter was urged upon the Senate over and
over again. Now we see the difficulties that sur-
round us for the want of that very work which
might have procured for us the knowledge without
which we are unable to act understanding^.
We all desire the road, and no one more than I
do. The constituents of no Senator are more di- I
rectly and deeply interested in this work than
mine, and no one will go further than 1 will for
the accomplishment of it. But we shall have to
consider the subject very carefully before we adopt
any one route, in order that we may have more (
accurate information than we now have, since we
certainly have not enough information now to
enable us to select any one tolhe exclusion of all
others, and we have many routes pressing upon
our attention.
Mr. HAMLIN". I have been requested to pre-
sent another bill in relation to this matter, in which
some of our citizens are interested; and I ask that
it may be printed, that we may consider it in con-
nection with theother bill. It is prepared by some
citizens of New York, and is in the form of an
act. I hope it may be printed with the other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no
objection, the bill will be received and printed.
No objection was made, and the bill was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GWIN. I renew my motion to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row, and that two thousand extra copies of it be
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. How can you have two thou-
sand copies of it printed by to-morrow?
Mr. GWIN. It will not come up to-morrow.
Mr. BADGER. Why then do you say "to-
morrow," which is private bill day?
Mr. BORLAND. It will make it come up on
the first public bill day.
Mr. BADGER. Move, then, to postpone it
until the first public business day. I move to
postpone it until Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California modify his motion ?
Mr. GWIN. I wish to postpone the bill until
to-morrow,.with the understanding that it will not
come up until Monday.
Mr. BADGER. I withdraw mjr motion.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to inquire wheth-
er, if we postpone the bill until the map is printed,
it will not be so late a period that we will not be
able to act upon it at this session ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 desire to know how soon
the map can be printed. I would like to have the
opinion of the chairman of the Committee on
Printing on the subject.
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot say, for myself;
but I learn from the Senator from California that
arrangements can be made, and perhaps have
been partially made, by which the map can be
furnished early next week.
Mr. Gwjn's motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 13, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the motion to recommit the
bill to prevent frauds upon the Treasury.
Mr. LANE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to introduce, andhave referred
to the Committee on Ways and Means, the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Ways and Means be
requested to examine into the reports, accounts, and vouch
er> relating to the expenses incurred by Simpson P. Moses,
Esq., collector of customs at Puget's Sound, in the Terri-
tory of Oregon, in rescuing from captivity the passengers
and crew ^American citizens) wrecked in the vicinity of
Gtueen Charlotte's Island, by which accident said crew and
passengers fell into the hands of the savages inhabiting said
island, with leave to report by bill for the relief of said
Simpson P. Moses, or otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. LANE. 1 desire only the reference of the
resolution, and would appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his objection*
Mr. LETCHER. I would withdraw the ob-
jection cheerfully, were I not satisfied that if I did
there would be a number of similar requests that
other resolutions might be introduced, and I had
| as well make objection to the gentleman as to some
1 one else.
Mr. STANLY. Does the consideration of the
bill for the prevention of frauds upon the Treas-
ury take precedence of the call upon committees
for reports f
The SPEAKER. It is the first business in or-
der during the morning hour, because it is an
unfinished report.
Mr. DARBY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to submit a memorial of a
convention of citizens held in the city of St. Louis, j
Missouri, praying for a grant of land to aid in the ;
1 construction of a railroad west of the Mississippi !
river, from New Orleans to the central region of1
Minnesota Territory.
Mr. LETCHER. I am compelled to make the 1
same objection to this memorial as I did to the
resolution of the Delegate from Oregon.
Mr. DARBY. I would ask as a favor that the
gentleman withdraw his objection. I have not
troubled the House much, and do not intend to;
and I now only ask the reception of the memorial,
and its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman can as well
present it under the rules.
Mr. DARBY. It is a memorial to which I par-
ticularly desire to call attention, and to give a par-
ticular reference; and if objection had not been
made, my object would have been accomplished
before this time. I trust the gentleman will with-
draw his objection and show me this courtesy
which other members of the House have so kindly
extended towards me.
[Cries of" Withdraw the objection!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to the introduction of the gentleman's memo-
rial as well as to the introduction of the resolution
of the Delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,] because
I cannot make a discrimination between the two.
Mr. LANE. I then ask that the resolution I
have presented, and which has been read at the
Clerk's desk, may be adopted.
Mr. STANLY. I object. The Committee on
Ways and Means have already too much to do.
Mr. LANE. Then I will move that it be re-
; ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STANLY. I object to that also.
Mr. DARBY. I now move, as objection has
been withdrawn, that the memorial, the purport of
which I have stated, be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
a resolution wns submitted, previous to the ad-
journment last evening, for the termination of de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, on the bill to suppress the circula-
tion of small notes as a currency in the District
of Columbia, in five minutes after the considera-
tion shall again be resumed, and that the previous
question has been demanded. The question now
is, Shall the demand for the previous question be
seconded ?
Thecal! for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was then ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
RETIRED LIST.
Mr. GORMAN. I now renew the request I
made yesterday morning, that the bill of the Sen-
ate, now upon the Speaker's table, providing for
a retired list in the Army, be taken up and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. It is usual
to refer all important cases to committees so soon
as they come from the Senate, and I trust no objec-
tion will be interposed to my motion. Unless the
bill is now referred, it will have but little chance
of being acted upon at this session.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing joint resolution; which thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker :
A joint resolution for the appointment of Regents
in the Smithsonian Institution.
COMMITTEE ON MILITARY AFFAIRS.
Mr. WILCOX. I have risen to what 1 deem
i a question of privilege. I ask to be discharged
I from the Committee on Military Affairs, and I
| will occupy a few moments in giving the reasons
| why I make the request.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can indulge
in discussion only by unanimous consent.
Mr. WILCOX. I hope the House will indulge
me. I was summoned by the chairman of the
Committeeon Military Affairs to attend the sittings
of that committee on Tuesday and Friday of each
week. In pursuance of that summons, I have pre-
sented myself regularly at the appointed time. Up
to the present time a quorum of that committee
has not met for the transaction of business. I feel
unwilling that the public shall hold me responsible
for the proper discharge of business, which it is
impossible for me to discharge without the co-
operation of the members of that committee. Im-
1 portant matters have be?n referred to that commit-
j tee by the message of the President of the United
I States, by the reportof theSecretary of War,con-
j cerning the Territories of Utah, New Mexico, and
I Oregon. Many important matters have also been
| referred to that committee from the Senate; and in
I fact, the table of the Committee on Military Af-
I fairs is groaning beneath the weight of business
i referred to them, and which, up to the present
time, has not been taken into consideration by it.
What will be the result, sir, if the committee fail
to examine and report on the matters referred to
them ? It will amount to this, a virtual repudia-
tion of every matter referred to them. At the next
meeting of Congress a new committee will meet
there, and looking over the journals and pro-
ceedings of this committee* they will see matters
referred to it, which had not been examined and
reported upon, and they will take it for granted that
the business referred had been repudiated by that
committee. Hence, 1 am unwilling that any op-
Erobrium shall attach to me by the failure of mem-
era of the committee to meet. I therefore most
respectfully ask the Speaker of the House, that he
will excuse me from serving upon that committee.
Besides the reasons I have already stated, it
takes two hours of my time to attend the meetings
of that committee, which I could devote to the
transaction of business before the Departments of
the Government for my constituents.
The SPEAKER. Shall the gentleman be dis-
charged from further service ?
