288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. IB.
[Cries of " No!" " No !" " No !"]
Mr. STANLY. I object to it for the reason,
that the gentleman has proved himself a diligent
member, and I do not know who we can put there
that will do better.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope that the request of my
colleague upon the committee will not be grant-
ed by the House, for without his aid and that of
two or three others of the committee, we will never
be able to get even a minority of the committee
together. [Laughter.]
Mr. GORMAN. It is due to the House and
the gentleman from Mississippi that I make a
statement. It is known that the honorable Mr.
Bissell, of Illinois, who is chairman of the com-
mittee, by a very agonizing affliction, is confined
to his bed, and he could not be present at the m eet-
ings of the committee. He has not been able to
be there any time during this session. However,
a majority could be there without him. I have
been there myself every day, with perhaps one or
two exceptions, since this Congress commenced.
There are some gentlemen upon that committee
who never go there. I would move, if I had a
chance, to turn them off and keep my friend still
there. [Laughter.]
Mr. FREEMAN. I would suggest to my col-
league that it would be very wrong to drive off the
active members of that committee from the public
service. It strikes me it would be proper to ex-
clude those who show an unwillingness to do any
work. Excuse them, as it appears they have
more important business to attend to.
Mr. MEADE. Serve an attachment upon them.
Mr. FREEMAN. With the aid of Colonel
Gorman, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Haven,] and a few other active industrious men,
the business before that committee can be disposed
of. I hope that my colleague will reconsider his
motion, and that some action may be taken to or-
ganize the committee, so that all the work will be
done.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Wilcox] will
withdraw his application. I have the honor, as
the Speaker well knows, on account of my great
military services, of being placed upon that com-
mittee. [Laughter.] 1 have for the last four
weeks been there for some three quarters of an >
hour each morning, and I must confess have al-
ways met the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Wilcox] there alone. The other gentlemen staid
away, perhaps, because from their want of experi-
ence they would be of little service, except in ;
making a quorum. I also felt it my duty to go
on account of the opposite reason. [Laughter.]
I hope that the gentleman will withdraw his re- j
quest, and that we will try once more to get them
together.
Mr. WILCOX, f insist upon my request to be
discharged.
Mr. FLORENCE. I#desire to ask my col-
league, and no doubt he will answer me, in what
war he served, because I suppose the Speaker de-
sired to vindicate the truth of history, by appoint-
ing him a member of the Military Committee?
Mr. STEVENS. My colleague knows that I
was placed on that committee on account of my
examination of the fortifications, cuunter-valla-
tions, and circum-vallations—the gentleman knows
the terms—at Christiana. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I am entirely satisfied.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Wil-
cox's motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So Mr. Wilcox was not excused.
frauds upon the treasury.
Mr. KING, of New York. I call for the reg-
ular order of business. °
■ ^".^A^ER. The first business in order
is the motion to recommit the bill to prevent frauds
upon the Treasury.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The bill under
consideration, Mr. Speaker, is reported by the
Select Committee of this House appointed to in-
vestigate the Gardiner claim. I do not see any
connection which it has with the business sub-
mitted to that committee. It seems to be be-
fore the House anomalously. I suppose it must
have got here by unanimous consent. The com-
mittee certainly had no authority from this House
to report it. So far as the bill, therefore, is con-
cerned, I shall treat it as an independent measure
before this House, as if reported bjr any indi-
vidual, and I shall not connect its merits with the
investigation of the Gardiner claim, for I see no
legitimate connection between it and the subject
referred to that committee for investigation. The
bill, I believe, is in substance the same as one in-
troduced into the Senate by a Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Badger.] In the remarks which
1 shall make upon its merits, I shall necessarily,
in noticing the topics of discussion which it has
given rise to, introduce some of the subjects which
the gentlemen have alluded to in the progress of
the debate. The gentleman from "Ohio, [Mr.
Olds,] for instance, who, I believe,addressed the
committee first upon this subject, and whose speech
is reported for the first time in the Globe of this
morning, seems to consider the report of this bill
by that committee as confirming his original re-
marks in relation to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, Mr. Corwin. I do not so consider it. I do
not consider that there is anything in the report of
the committee which can justify such an inference.
I take this occasion to state to this House that I
think the investigation and report of that committee
fully and completely exonerates the Secretary of
the Treasury from that improper connection with
the Gardiner claim which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] seemed to entertain the opinion or
suspicion that he held. I notice the following in
the report of the gentleman's remarks, and I shall
be brief upon this point:
" Mr. Speaker, 1 will not say that at the time I offered
the resolution calling for this committee of investigation,
that 1 had not a settled conviction upon my mind, that Cor-
win must have known, or at least have strongly suspected,
the fraudulent character of this claim. That conviction has
not been changed, but greatly confirmed, by the evidence
reported by the committee. But, sir, notwithstanding these
convictions, 1 had no purpose of making any such charge
in the resolution, knowing the utter impossibility of pro-
ving a man's thoughts or impressions. Nothing in the lan-
guage of the resolution, or in the reir i',s with which I
accompanied the resolution, can be con  >ued into such a
charge," •
Now, sir, I have the remarks o. the gentleman
as made before this House, in which he says:
"Through the investigation of Congress, their Galphin-
ism lias been exposed; and Crawford, loaded with the exe-
crations of the American people, has received bis passport
to perpetual infamy. But Corwin still remains unwhipped
of justice. True, sir, his catspaw and accomplice in the
, fraud, is loaded with irons, and is branded by public senti-
| ment as a peijurer and forger; but the master-moving
spirit, the head and brains in the fraud, through the negli-
gence of this House, is still permitted to ctmtftil the Treas-
; ury of the United States."
Mr. OLDS. That is a quotation from a speech
' made in July upon entirely another question, in
which I referred incidentally to the Galphinism of
i the country. It had no connection with this reso-
I lution whatever.
Mr. STEPHENS. These were remarks made
by the gentleman in connection with this subject.
Is he prepared now before the House to gay that
he takes this expression back ?
Mr. OLDS. No, sir. I say that the remarks
I made at the time I offered this resolution, show
that I intended to make no such call upon the
House for investigation.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then, if the gentleman
does not take them back, or modify them, he
should make them good. They were remarks
made by him in this House and to the country
before this committee was raised, as one of the
reasons for raising the committee, though they J
may not have been made at the time the commit- |
tee was ordered. Now, then, the gentleman ought !
either to sustain this charge before the House, or i
modify it. I must consider it as a part of'the re-
marks made by him, which induced the House i
to raise the committee. This was the gist of the !
accusation. It is not my purpose at all to discuss ,
the merits of the Gardiner claim; that is, whether ,
it was founded in justice, or whether it was a
fabricated fraud from beginning to end. That '
was not even before the investigating committee.
I am free to state, however, from reading the re-
port of tlixs investigation carefully, I concur with
the other gentlemen, that my impression is that it J
is fraudulent. But the subject referred to that com-
mittee to investigate, and which, so far as their re-
port is concerned, is now before the House, is his j
(Mr. Corwin's) "improper" connection with the ;
claim; because the very resolution offered by the
gentleman, and passed by this House, stated 1
that— |
" Whereas a strong suspicion rests upon the public mind I
that fraudulent claims have been allowsd by the lata Mexi- i
can Claim Commission, with one of which it is suspecte
that Thomas Corwin, Secretary of the Treasury, has been
l improperly connected: Therefore,
" Resolved, That a committee, consisting of five mem-
bers of this House, be appointed by the Speaker, to investi-
gate all the facts touching the connection ofthe said Thomas
Corwin, the present Secretary of the Treasury, with the
said Gardiner claim ; what fee, if any, he was to receive for
his services as agent or counsel for said Gardiner; what in-
terest, if any, other than his fee interest, he purchased and
held, either directly or indirectly, in said claim, and the
amount paid, or stipulated to be paid therefor, and condi-
tion of such purchase ; at what time he ceased to act as
the counsel or agent of said Gardiner; to whom and for
what consideration he disposed of his fee interest; to whom
and for what consideration he disposed of his one fourth in-
terest in said claim."
The only question, therefore, so far as the re-
port of that committee is concerned, is, whether
the Secretary of the Treasury was improperly
connected with the claim of which there was a
suspicion of fraud attached to it. That is the only
question. Well, sir, does not this report of the
committee, raised at the instance of the gentle-
man from Ohio, sufficiently show to us and to the
country that there was no improper connection at
all on the part of the Secretary of the Treasury
with the claim? The gentleman from Ohio at-
tempts to argue not; and the whole of his speech
seems to be a sort of censure upon the committee
that was raised at his own instance; at least it so
struck me. He seemed to be grumbling at their
conclusion. What is that conclusion of the com-
mittee on the real .point in issue? Here is their
language:
" No testimony has been adduced before the committee
proving, or tending to prove, that the Hon. Thomas Corwin
had any knowledge that the claim ofthe said Gardiner was
fraudulent, or that false testimony or forged papers had
been or were to be procured to sustain the same."
The testimony before the committee shows con-
clusively that Mr. Corwin had no interest what-
ever in this claim after he became Secretary of the
Treasury; and the committee say that there is
no evidence showing, " or tending' to show," that
even as a private citizen, in his vocation as an at-
torney, he knew anything at all of the fraud.
There is nothing then connecting Mr. Corwin ton-
properly with the claim. But, says the gentleman,
the committee have reported this bill. Now it is
to that point that I wish to speak briefly, because
this bill was not reported by any authority con-
ferred on the committee, nor does it touch the
case before them. I do not intend to let the gen- '
tleman escape in this way. I call the attention of
the House to this fact, that if Mr. Cofwin, as Sec-
retary of the Treasury, had been improperly con-
nected with this claim—as was intimated in the
original charge—there would have been no neceg-
i sity at all for any special bill to reach his delin-
! quency.
Sir, the founders of our Government, in one of
the first acts passed by Congress after the organi-
zation of the Government, sufficiently protected
the Treasury of the United States in this particu-
lar. If Mr. Corwin acted improperly, you need
pass no new law for others; you can now prose-
cute him, and visit upon him the punishment he
deserves; you need not let him pass from defect
of the law. I call the attention of the House to
the act creating the Treasury Department in 1789
to show that there is no necessity for this bill to
meet any future case similar to that then before
the committee. I read the eighth section of that
act:
" Sec. 8. ■And be it further enacted, That no person ap-
pointed to any office instituted by this act shall, directly or
indirectly, be concerned or interested in carrying on the
business of trade or commerce, or be owner, in whole or in
part, of any sea-vessel, or purchase by himself or another
in trust for him any public lands or other public property,
or be concerned in the purchase pr disposal of any public
tecurities of any State or of the United States, or take or
apply to his own use or emolument or gain, for negotiating
or transacting any business in the said Department other
than what shall be allowed by law ; and if any person shall
offend against any of the prohibitions of this act, he shall
be deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and forfeit to the
United States the penalty of $3,000, and shall, upon convic-
tion, be removed from office, and forever thereafter inca-
pable of holding any office under the United States,",&c.
Sir, if Mr. Corwin, as Secretary of the Treas-
ury, was " improperly connected ' with this claim
against the Treasury, as charged, here is a law of
the country that has been in existence since 1789,
under which you can proceed against him, and by
which you can not only displace him, but disgrace
him forever. If, therefore, the committee under-
took to recommend this bill to meet Mr. Corwin's
case, I- beg to inform them, and the gentleman
from Ohio, that their work i  bat an act of super-
