THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 14, 1853.
New Series No. 19.
erogation. Here is a law quite sufficient for them
or him to act upon. My object, sir, is to discon-
nect this bill, upon which 1 intend to speak here-
after, entirely from the matter and case referred to
that committee. But I wish to premise a few re-
marks upon the facts reported by that committee,
and which have been commented on in the de-
bate.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these facts are, that Mr.
Corwin, while he was a Senator of the United
States, was employed as an attorney before the
Board of Commissioners to adjudicate claims
against Mexico in behalf of Gardiner, a claimant,
and that he also took an interest by assignment in
his claim. These facts are admitted. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. John-son,] argued
yesterday that it was malum in se; that it was
wrong in itself for a member of Congress to ap-
pear as an attorney for fee or reward before any
such tribunal. Is that gentleman right in that po-
sition ? If he is, Mr. Corwin did something wrong
in itself, and deserves censure. If not, he is cer-
tainly above the reproach of even the most fastidi-
ous in what he did. Let us refer to our history
on this subject. Erery gentleman who hears me
knows that it is usual, and has been from the be-
ginning of this Government, for Senators and
members of this House to appear as counsel for
fee and reward or compensation before the Su-
preme Court of the United States, to appear be-
fore any of the courts of the Union, and before
commissioners appointed to adjudicate claims sim-
ilar to these—before just such tribunals as this was.
Nay, more; I believe that even anterior to our Rev-
olution, Dr. Franklin did not consider it malum
in se to receive fees and act as agent for several
of the colonies before the proper departments of
the Government of the mother country—Great
Britain. He was the regular agent, first of Penn-
sylvania, then of Massachusetts, and of Georgia,
perhaps others of the colonies. I maintain, there-
fore, that there is nothing in the thing itself which,
by the general consent of our countrymen, even
the wisest and the best, is, or has been considered,
wrong in acting as counsel or attorney, or agent
for proper compensation in such a capacity. I be-
lieve it is a historical fact, that after the Jay treaty,
there was a commission instituted for the adjudi-
cation and settlement of claims provided for in ,
that treaty, and that the ablest attorneys in the
country at that time, appeared before the board
thus constituted—amongst them members of Con-
gress.
Again, at the close of the last war with England,
under a convention, a similar board was consti-
. tuted. The celebrated Mr. Pinkney, of the State
of Maryland, a distinguished member of this
body—an honor to his State, an honor to his coun-
try—a man whose eloquence was perhaps never
surpassed—a man whose integrity never was ques-
tioned, so far as I know,—he, sir, appeared, as 1
am informed, before that commission and argued
important cases as attorney for parties in interest.
Who ever heard his conduct questioned ? Who
ever heard an imputation cast upon his charac-
ter, for thus advocating the rights of those who
sought the aid of his legal counsel? I give him as
one instance amongst others. But further still.
I have a paper before me from which it appears
that the Hon. George M. Dallas, while he was
Vice President of the United States, received fees
for prosecuting, with others, a claim before one of ;
the Departments,—others were engaged with him
if the same case, members of Congress of the
highest character and the strictest purity. How
can men thus employed be said to be employed
against the Treasury of the United States? In
most instances the only question is, who among i
several claimants shall receive a particular fund ? !
But, sir, I come down even to this very tribunal
before which Senator Corwin agreed to appear as !
counsel. He was not the only member of Con-
gress who appeared or agreed to appear there as
counsel. And if there was anything improper in ,
his connection with it, was it not so with other '
members of Congress ? Mark you, I do not allude j
to these facts by way of casting imputations upon !
19
I any of the gentlemen whom I shall name, but I
do not intend, sitting here in this Hall, to permit
a false impression to go befoi"e this country, or that
Mr. Corwin, who is a distinguished lawyer, shall
1 be made a scape-goat of by any gentleman upon
this floor. Mark you, that the whole charge siis-
taineil is, that Mr. Corwin, while a Senator, was
employed by Dr. Gardiner to represent his claim
as one amongst other lawyers before the Board of
Commissioners. For the testimony is conclusive
that, perhaps, knowing the statute of 1789, which
1 I have read, if from no other consideration, he
disconnected himself from that relation before he
assumed theposition of Secretary of theTreasury.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] says
that the transfer of his interest was all a farce.
Well, if so, the issue is between him and his com-
mittee. They do not report that it was a farce.
The witnesses are unimpeached, and they swear
that it was an unconditional transfer of all his in-
terest in the claim. I am bound, therefore, so to
consider it. Well, then, sir, was Mr. Corwin the
onlv distinguished Senator who appeared as coun-
sel before that Commission ? I have not seen the
docket, but I speak from information which has
been communicated to me, and which I have no
doubt is correct. I am informed that the honor-
able Senator from Missouri [Colonel Benton] ap-
Eeared in a case there. I am informed that the
onorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soule]
, appeared in a case there. 1 believe that the hon-
orable Daniel Webster appeared as counsel there
in two cases. The honorable Mr. Bright, a Sen-
ator from Indiana, appeared there also in four
cases, as I am informed. Whether those gentle-
men appeared for fee or reward, I do not know.
I come now to this House; and mark me again,
1 that I do not intend to cast any imputation upon
any gentleman, because I do not consider myself
that there was any wrong in it. There was no
law against it, and it had been the custom of the
country from the beginning for men holding such
j positions to act in such capacity. But I am in-
j formed that the honorable Mr. Howard, ofTexas,
j appeared before that Commission in behalf of some
j claimants. The honorable Mr. Ewing, of Ten-
j nessee, who was then, but not now, a member of
I this House, appeared there as counsel, or rep-
resented some party, as I am told. The honor-
i able Mr. Phelps, of this House, did the same
' thing.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Georgia
is mistaken in relation to that matter.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, I shall be glad
to be corrected. I only speak from information
received from others, as I have stated.
Mr. PHELPS. Permit me, then, to make a brief
statement. When the Mexican Commission as-
sembled, one of my constituents handed me his
memorial, with the request that I would send it
, to the Commission with the proofs accompanying
it. I did so send it. My constituent then desired
me to appear before the Commission, if necessary,
and attend to the case. Action was had upon the
case, butl never appeared before the Commission.
I only inquired of one of the Commissioners what
action had been had upon it. I received no com-
pensation for it whatever. I attended to the busi- j
ness as I would attend to any other business of j
my constituents. But I did not appear as counsel 1
in the case. ;
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Missouri this question: Did
you ever receive any compensation for your action
before this Commission ?
Mr. PHELPS. I did not appear before that
Board at all, nor did 1 receive any compensation
for filing the memorial.
Mr. HOWARD. As the gentleman from Geor-
gia has mentioned my name in this connection, I
desire to state that two constituents of mine sent
cases to me which I filed before the Board. I pre-
sented them, however, without having exacted or
received any compensation.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I understand the gen-
tleman from Texas did appear before the Board,
but received no compensation for it.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state that I received
petitions and papers made out, some of which I
corrected, and one petition I redrafted,signed them
as counsel, and presented them before the Board,
but I never receivedany compensation nor charged
any. I have never charged or received any pay
for business to which I here attend to before the
Departments.
While I am up, however, I will state that I do
not myself consider an appearance before such a
board as anything improper in itself. I agreed to
this report, however, because I think it is better
for the representatives and the country that mem-
bers of Congress should not appear before such
commissions, and not because I considered sucb
an appearance as anything improper in itself.
I shall take occasion to state my reasons for this
opinion before the debate closes.
Mr. STEPHENS. What 1 was informed,
then, is true, that these gentlemen did act as coun-
sel before this Board. Mr. Phelps did not appear
before the Board in person, because it was not ne-
cessary; but as the papers presented by them were
for constituents, they did not charge or receive any
compensation for their services. On that point,
as I stated, I was not informed as to either or any
of the gentlemen named by me.
Mr. PHELPS. I did not appear before the
Board at all. I merely handed in the papers.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman did not ap-
pear, because it was not necessary. I presume
there is no question that neither of these gentle-
men received any compensation for their services.
But the gentleman from Texas very correctly
states, in my opinion, that it was nothing unusual
or improper in members of Congress in appearing
' before such a board as counsel for compensation.
Mr. STANTON,ofTennessee. Willthegen-
tleman allow me to make a statement?
Mr. STEPHENS. Be brief.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know whether the
gentleman from Georgia has my name as appear-
ing before this Commission or not, but I did ap-
pear there, in one case for a constituent of mine,
I who employed me as his counsel, and paid me for
it. I drew his memorial and presented it before
the Board. I did not think the Commission allowed
him half as much as he was entitled to, but he paid
me in accordance with his own proposition.
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not have the gentle-
man's name; and it is very possible other mem-
bers of Congress appeared about whom I have
no information.
Mr. STANTON. I will state further, Mr.
Speaker, that I have attended to business for my
constituents and others, a thousand times, and
never received a cent for my services, and never
would receive a cent, although money has been re-
peatedly offered me.
Mr. STEPHENS. It seems, then, that the
two gentlemen, Mr. Howard and Mr. Phelps,
happened to have the papers of constituents, in
consideration of which, they did not charge them
for their services; but if the papers had been pre-
sented by others, according to the statement of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
and of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. How-
ard,] they would have considered it nothing im-
proper to have appeared before that Commission
any more than to have appeared before the Su-
preme Court as counsel.
Now, my point was, to show from the whole
legislative history of the country, that such a
connection has never been deemed improper, that
there is no legislation against it. This I think I
have established. The only Department of the
Government in relation to which such a connec-
tion is prohibited by law, is that of the Treasury.
That is the only Department in which public offi-
cers are prohibited from holding such a relation-
ship. In the War. Department there is no law
against either the head of it or any subordinate
being interested in a claim, or prosecuting a claim
pending before the Treasury. In the State De-
partment there is no such prohibition, or in any
other Department. Here, and in this connection,
I beg to call the attention of the House to the in-
