290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
vestigation which was had in 183 *, before the
memorable committee of Mr. Wise. You rec-
ollect, perhaps, that amongst other charges of
impropiietv pret'erred by Mr. Wise, was, that the
heads of some of the Departments were specula-
ting in the public lands, and with having inter-
est in, and with prosecuting claims against the
Government. The position of General Jackson,
and of the party then in power, of which he was
emphatically the head, was, that there tens no laxt
agninst it, and that if the head of any of the De-
partments, except the Treasury, or any of the
officers of the Government, had a claim against
the Government, or was disposed to invest his
money in speculating in the public, lands, that it
was no well-grounded charge against the integrity
of such officer. I have the report of that com-
mittee before me, with the remarks of Mr. Wise
upon it. These papers, I think, fully sustain this
position.
The Secretary of State was charged at that time
with being largely interested in a land company in
the State of Alabama. Witnesses were put upon
the stand and questioned as to that fact. The
question was so modified and restricted as to make
the witness answer whether the Secretary of State
had been interested in any land speculations " con-
trary to law." There was no law against it, and
the question was not permitted to be propounded
touching the matter without this modification.
The inference was clear that he was, or if he was,
that it was his legal right to be so interested.
Well, sir, with this distinct allegation as to the
Secretary of State, what said General Jackson to
this committee ? "If you are able to point to any
' case where there is the slightest reason to suspect
'corruption or abuse of trust, no obstacle which I
* can remove shall be interposed to prevent the full-
• est scrutiny by all legal means." This he said
to Mr. Wise. He had specified the speculations
of the Secretary of State in public lands. But that
was no case of "corruption and abuse" in the
opinion of General Jackson, because it was not
against any law.
General Jackson held that there was no corrup-
tion in the charge, if true, because there was no
law against it; and his friends in this House on the
committee would not allow the question to be put.
And I say, sir, you must first define crime be-
fore you go hunting criminals. You must first
proclaim by law what is wrong, and what you in-
tend to hold up to public odium, before you can
hold Mr. Corwin,or Mr. Anybody else, up as a
public malefactor for breaking your law. Your law
must first be made andpublisVed. Where there is
no law, there is no transgression. Therefore you
cannot rightfully charge the Secretary of theTreas-
ury, as a Senator of the United States, with being
"improperly" employed as counsel before the
Board of Mexican Commissioners, which is the
issue in this matter, until you declare by law that
a Senator shall not be so employed, and until he
then shall have rendered himself obnoxious to the
provisions of your law. When all this takes
place, his conduct will fell within the range of
those acts which are called " mala prohibita," and
not even then within that class denominated "mala
in se," unless there be positive corruption.
But, sir, there is another matter brought into
this discussion, to which I beg the indulgence of
the House for a short reference to.
The investigations of Mr. Wise's committee
were connected with other matters besides specu-
lations in land, and one of which has been alluded
to in this debate. It was freely admitted by the
then Secretary of State—Mr. Forsyth—that he
had been employed as attorney, and was so em-
ployed while Secretary of State, to prosecute
against the Government what is well known as
the Galphm claim. General Jackson knew, and
the country knew, that Mr. Forsyth admitted
this. It was not denied. He was Secretary of
State, and admitted the fact before the committee.
Here is his evidence. Yet no one censured Mr. ■
Forsyth; and no one then dared to impugn his
honor for it That then and now stands above
reproach—because it was his legal right to do so.
^Q ie,laryJ°Jthe Treas ry was by the law of
1789 prohibited from prosecuting or becoming in-
terested in claims against the Government. But
as I have said, there is no law prohibiting this in'
the heads of the other Departments. Now 1 beo-
the indulgence of the House, by way of digres°-
sion, to allude somewhat to this claim, wliich
others have associated with " Gardinerism," as '
they call it. I addressed a former House upon
the same subject. But there are many here who
1 doubt not know but little of its merits. The
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] in his speechj
alludes to MGalphinism," or "the Galpiiins."
He says, that after the decease of the lamented
Taylor, when Mr. Fillmore entered this Hall to
take the oath of office, followed by the Cabinet of
General Taylor, Corwin heard the murmur from
the galleries, " there come the Galphins," winch
reached every part of the Hall. *
Well, sir, the gentleman may have heard such
a murmur, but I did not, and never heard of it
until 1 saw it in his speech.
Now, sir, I intend to say something on this
Galphin claim. Gentlemen may, if they choose,
continue to cry out Galphm fraud; but they shall
not do it without the exposure which is due to
truth, as well as right and justice.
Mr. Speaker, I am here to-day to defend that
claim against any one who may be bold enough
to assail it. I hold myself ready to say and main-
tain that there was no fraud in the Galphin claim.
I saw this claim alluded to in a paper tiie other
day as. "the Galphin swindle. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I ask this House to hear, not as parti-
sans, what I have to assert in vindication of the
truth in this matter. I feel it my duty to do it,
in vindication of people whom I know, descendants
of Galphin, and men who under him have received
their just rights—rights which were long delayed at
at the door of public justice. Some of these gentle-
men reside in the State of Georgia and some reside
in the State of South Carolina—as high-minded,
honorable, and chivalrous men as ever trod the face
of the earth; men who would scorn to take a dollar
from the Government that was not justly their
due. Some of these parties I know—and I will
vindicate them, and I will vindicate the truth of
history, whenever they or their conduct in this
matter are assailed or maligned. There was, sir,
n > fraud in the Galphin claim. In the mainte-
nance of what I say, 1 shall assert facts and nothing
but facts, which are uncontroverted in the past
and incontrovertable for all time to come. And
when I am done, I want to see the man rise up
here in the face of these facts and say that thefe
was fraud in the payment of that just debt. ;
These are the facts: In 1773, the Cherokee In-
dians and the Creek Indians in the State of Geor-
gia, were indebted to certain traders to a consider- j
able amount of money. They had aothing to pay
it with. This was while Georgia was a British
colony. These Indians agreed to cede to the 1
Crown of Great Britain a certain amount of land—
two millions and a half of acres, or thereabouts—
in consideration of which Great Britain was to take
the lands and discharge their debts to these traders.
The treaty was made in 1773. On the 2d May,
1775, a certificate was made out by commissioners
appointed according to the treaty, to George Gal-
phin for =£"9,791 las. 5d. The war of the Rev-
olution broke out in 1776. The land was not
sold by Great Britain, nor the debt or any part of
it paid; and in 1777, Georgia took possession of
the lands. She gave them as bounty to the sol-
diers who would go and occupy them. She used
them in our national defense in the war of the
Revolution; and George Galphin, in that day, did
your country and the infant colony of Georgia
most essential service in preventing the Indians
from making inroads upon the defenseless inhab-
itants of that unprotected frontier.
I speak from history antT the records of the
country—Galphin was true to the cause of his
country and her struggle for independence. And
I state here, that the only section of our State
which was not at some period of the war taken
by the British, was where settlements were made
on those lands, in the county of Wilkes. There
the British flag has never waved since the de-
claration of independence. Nay, more: a fort
erected by these settlers, bearing the name of
Washington, on the site of the present town of
Washington—the name continued from that day
to this—was the first place, as I believe, on this
whole continent, named in honor of the Father of
his country. This, 1 say, I believe. I do not state
this as a historic fact; for there may have bee-n
some place so called at an earlier date; I think not,
however; and until the contrary be shown, I shall
claim this honor for my State, and the people of
the county of my birth. jj
But to proceed with my narrative. The State
of Georgia, in 1780, passed an act binding and ob-
ligating herself to pay to any of those Indian
claimants who were true to the country, the whole
amount awarded to them by the commissioners
under the treaty, and for which the lands were
boutid in equity and good faith, with interest at six
percent. George Galphin was one of them. By
her act she assumed this debt of Galphin for
■*'9,791 1 its. with interest at six per cent, per
annum. Did not this solemn act create a just
debt? But Galphin died in 1780, very soon after
the act passed.
Sir, George Walton, a signer ®f the Declaration
of Independence, from the State of Georgia, testi-
fied himself, in 1801),that he knewGeorge Galphin,
that " he enjoyed his friendship in his lifetime,"
that he was a patriot, and had rendered essential
services to thecountry. Mr. Walton furtherstated
that he was on the committee in the Georgia Le-
gislature that framed the law of 1780, providing
for the payment of these claims; that he was
chairman of that committee, that he drew the act,
and well recollected " its motives, its sincerity, and
its intention of justice," and that it was an honest
debt, due to that " venerable man." Did George
Walton want to " sieindle" anybody ? Did George
W alton plot fraud against your Treasury ?—George
Walton the man who risked his life for the liber-
ties you enjoy ? Was he sneaking about to get
his arm into the Treasury? Sir, he was made of
sterner stuff, and you may howl against the Gal-
phins as long as-you please, but while I stand
upon the testimony of the man who stood by this
country in its darkest hour, I shall feel no dis-
honor in defending the rights of that man whose
friendship he enjoyed while living.
I say there never was a juster claim against the
State of Georgia than this. She pledged to him
the amount of his debt, which was =f9,791 15s*
5d. in sterling money, and six per cent, interest.
Well, the old man died a month or two after—
the venerable old man, as the patriot Walton
called him. I saw some time ago, a toast given at
a dinner, with this idea—that the history of this
Administration would be written in the blood of
the Galphins. And who, sir, was Galphin? He
was one of the most distinguished men living on
thefrontiers of your country, a man who stood by
the patriots who won your liberties and achieved
the independence of your country. I state further
that his daughter was married to John Milledge,
of Georgia, a man whose name the capital of our
State still bears in the city of Milledgeville, and we
do not feel dishonored by this perpetuation of the
name of a man who was thus connected and allied
with George Galphin ! And whoever wants the
history of this Administration written in the blood
of the Galphins, wants it written in the blood of
some of the purest and noblest men who periled
their all for the rights and liberties of their country.
Now, sir, this claim was presented to the Le-
gislature of the State of Georgia in 1793 by his
son. The committee to whom it was referred,re-
ported in favor of it. And it was presented to
several Legislatures after that up to 1826; but it
was not paid, though almost every committee to
whom it was referred repored in favor of it, as a
just debt against Georgia. Do you ask why it was
not paid ? I will tell you, in my opinion, simply
because they did not have the money. For the
same reason, I fear that most of our States will
fail to pay their debts when the question shall be^
between refusal and very high taxation.
Well, why was it presented here? I will tell
you. In 1790, the General Government passed
what is known as the assumption act. That is,
the General Government brought into a general
account the contributions of each State, either to
the general defense, or the particular defense of the
common country, during the common struggle of
the war for our national independence. At this
time Galphin was dead, and Georgia had not paid
this -£9,791 I5s. 5d. She had pledged herself to
pay for the lands she had taken possession of and
disposed of, but she had not paid the debt, and
did not hring it into the account on the settle-
ment under the assumption act of 1790. The set-
tlement under the assumption act was thought
for a long time in Georgia to be a final settlement,
and that she could not go behind it. Well, in
1832, the State of Virginia came before Congress,
and presented claims to a large amount under
these circumstances: She stated that just before
