292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
guilty of that perjury and forgery, or of suborna-
tion of perjury and forgery, and upon that supposi-
tion would be responsible to the extent stated. I
said to the House this morning, that one of my
constituents, having a comparatively small claim,
which proved in the end to be less than $3,000,
came and employed me to draw his argument and
memorial in the case and offered to pay me for it
as a lawyer. I did it.
It happened that his case was supported by doc-
umentary evidence. He had been unjustly im-
prisoned by the Mexican Government some years
ago, and a correspondence between the American
Consul and the State Department, exhibited all
the fact3 upon which his claim was founded.
These papers were presented to me. I presumed
they were correct, as they came from the State
Department. They might have been supported
by forgery, and then it would be just as competent
and proper for any gentleman to charge me with
the results of that forgery and perjury, as to charge
Mr. Corwin, provided it is not certain that he
knew this claim was supported by perjury and
fraud. This, sir, is the whole case. I do not
know what the circumstances are, for I have not
considered them very attentively. I presume,
however, from a knowledgeof Mr. Corwin's char-
acter, that he was not cognizant of these facts. So
far as this bill is concerned, I think I shall vote as
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] says
f that he will vote. I do not see any impropriety,
however, in a member of Congress appearing be-
fore tribunals established by Congress for the adju-
dication of any character of claim whatever. If
. Congress choose to provide that members shall not
f appear before those tribunals, I am perfectly con-
tent to stand by that rule. But such has not been
the rule heretofore, nor have I supposed, and I
presume it will not be contended, that there has
been anything irregular in appearing for the pur-
pose of arguing cases before these tribunals, anv
more than in appearing befoie the Supreme Couit
of the United States. For, sir, I have appeared m
several cases before the Supreme Court of the
United States, and 1 should not hesitate to do so in
any case which should he brought to me, provided
I had leisure to attend to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permission
of my colleague, I will propound to him a ques-
tion. I do not understand the case in which my
colleague was employed as being precisely anal-
ogous to the one in which Mr. (iorwin was en-
gaged. Mr. Corwin, in the Gardiner claim, acted
m a double capacity. In the first place, he became
an attorney; and m the next place, a purchaser of
a part of the interest in the claim—in fact, the
claimant himself. The question 1 desire to ask
my colleague is this: Would he justify Mr. Cor-
win, admitting he was not cognizant, whilst pros-
ecuting this claim, that it was a fraud, m retaining
money which was ascertained beyond all contro-
versy to have been obtained through perjury and
forgery ?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer, without hes-
itation, that I would not justify him. I think the
money ought to be refunded, if such be the case;
but I have been told, without knowing the source i
from which it comes, that Mr. Corwin has pledged 1
himself to refund the money, if such a fact be
proven. I do not know whether that is true or
not; but I think that would be the honorable course
on his part.
Mr. JOHNSON. I knew that would be my 1
colleague's answer, as it will be of every honest,
man. !
Mr. WILLIAMS. [ have not desired to say '
one word in relation to this matter; but my col-
league seems very desirous of giving this case a
particular point and bearmgupon Mr. Corwin. I
do not stand here as his defender, but rise only to
ask my colleague [Mr. Stanton] whether, as a
lawyer, he ever appeared in defense of a man
charged with stealing:
Mr. STANTON. Often, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Did you know whether he
paid you out of the money he had stolen or not,
and if convicted, did you return it? How did
my colleague manage : [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I remember having1 appeared 1
for a. gentleman of suspicious character, who paid :
me a fee m counterfeit monev, and of being1 sorrv
that.itwas: counterfeit. [Laughter.]
MS- By permission of my friend
and colleague, 1 will say a word or two on the |,
bill. 1 have looked at it, but do not intend to
make a speech upon the subject. I remember
when a boy of having heard a remark of John
Randolph, of Roanoke, that it was prima facie evi-
dence a man was a gentleman who was elected a
member of Congress. [Laughter.] It strikes me
that that honorable rule is now about to be
changed, and that a man is to be considered dis-
honest prima facie because he is elected a member
of Congress. I know very well that if 1 acted
dishonorably, and virtually committed theft, and
that fact were published to my constituents, I
would be disgraced and could not be elected to
Congress. 1 do not think that because I am elect-
ed and sent here, I will not be disgraced if 3 do
commit a dishonorable act.
Now, I know of no rule by which you, Mr.
Speaker, I, or any other member of Congress
should be debarred from prosecuting claims against
^the Government before the Departments or Boards
of Commissioners. I do not see that any claim
can be benefited by this bill, and if it be adopted,
it will leave the impression on the public mind
'that members of this House believe that there has
j| been corruption and dishonesty practiced by mem-
ibers of Congress and other officers of this Gov-
ernment. When this session closes I shall have
Served in Congress twelve years, and during that
'^hole time lhave not received one dollar for pros-
ecuting claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By the per-
mission of my colleague on my right, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] I wish to ask a question. He says I am
a farmer, f am slightly so; but if he had said
that I was a mechanic, he would have hit it more
precisely. My colleague seems, upon this occasion,
to develop the fact that there is a very different
system of ethics practiced among lawyers than
that among farmers; and he seems to justify the
idea, that if a lawyer were to receive stolen goods,
not knowing it at the time, but afterwards should
be made aware of the fact, he would be justifiable
m keeping them; but the farmer would not be.
That is the inference. Here is the question which
I wish to ask my colleague: Suppose an individual
had stolen a horse in his neighborhood; that he
was ai rested and brought to justice; that the stolen
horse was received by my colleague as a fee to de-
j, fend the individual; that he did not know the horse
m was stolen, but after the trial was over the fact was
j; developed and made known that he had received a
j! horse winch was stolen—I would ask whether, as
i| an honorable man, he would not return the horse
i to his rightful owner?
ji Mr. WILLIAMS. The question requires no
11 answer at all. I was only speaking of practice
,j known to the bar, to some extent, and not for the
j' purpose of showing that Mr. Corwin would do
11 right to withhold this money. I think he would
;j not. J3ut 1 made the remarks I did, merely for the
\t purpose of showing that my colleague is evincing
an interest in this matter unworthy of the occa-
sion, in his censure of Mr. Corwin, if he h s not
j' yet decided the question. Do you know whether
, he has or not?
I1 Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know.
!j Mr. WILLIAMS. Then wait until he says
I something about it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen- ,
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] yield me
the floor for a few minutes.
ji Mr. STANTON. I will surrender it for a few I
i! minutes. j
! Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to make reply to the
!j gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] who !
■ raised this question. It will be time enough to !
h express or entertain the opinion as to Mr. Cor- ;
I win's integrity on the point which he raised, when !
j that question shall be decided. 1 intended, if my
i time had permitted, to go into the present state of;
i the Gardiner claim. I stated to the House, my
opinion was that it was a fraud. The gentleman i
j must know that Mr. Gardiner still exists, and he :
is now, I understand, m Mexico, for the purpose
of getting testimony upon the validity of his claim,
which is yet before your courts to be adjudicated. 1
The gentleman muse know this, as he was a mem- ;
ber of the committee. He says that there were '
frauds and perjuries. This whole report shows [
that there was forgery only, so far as the authen-
tication of the title papers to the land where the :
silver mine was alleged to be; that was but a small ;j
item in the claim. Not one of the witnesses have ;l
impeached the proper authentication of the papers ■ I
upon which near $300,000 of the claim for proper-
ty destroyed, &c., was allowed. The Prefect's
certificate, which we have in this case, is a genuine
one, certified to by the official officer of the court
according to the rules of this board under the
treaty. It is certified by your Consul at Mutamo-
ros, the Alcalde, the Prefect, who were the proper
officers to give these certificates. There is no proof
of forgery, saving the authentication of the title
papers to the land. I then state that it is.quite
sufficient after this case has been adjudicat'eff, to
censure Mr. Corwin for anything he may do
then, or fail then to do.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] if this much is not
ascertained—that is, that the proof of this whole
claim, being a fabrication, and being sustained by
perjury and forgery, has not been conclusive and
satisfactory to the President of the United States,
so far at least as to cause the Executive, through
the Attorney General, to institute suits against
this individual for fraud and forgery, and if they
have not gone so far as to enjoin all the money
wherever they could find it in this city, and hold it
to await the termination of this suit? The ques-
tion I wish to ask, in connection with thi3, is, will
the gentleman from Georgia and the friends of Mr.
Corwin in this House, generally or individually,
come forward and say m the face of the American
people, upon a final hearing of this case, if Mr.
Gardiner should be convicted of perjury and for-
gery, and his claim proved a fabrication from be-
ginning to end, that Mr. Corwin and the other
recipients of these stolen goods will repay the
money which they have received from the Treas-
ury of the United States?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will answer the gentle-
man. I admit that the President has done what
he said, and it is a fact that he did it long before
this clamor in the House was raised. The Presi-
dent had this man arrested under a suspicion that
reached him, I think, long before the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Olds] moved in the matter. The
Piesident upon suspicion did it, and he did right,
and this committee of which the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] is a member, knows
and reports that the President has been vigilant—
and the papers in the report show that Mr. Cor-
win too has been active and vigilant in getting at
the truth of the matter. I grant these facis, and I
state them because the case is now pending and
is yet to be tried. The President has been vigi-
lant, Mr. Corwin has been vigilant, and am I "to
be asked what he will do in anticipation of that
judgment ?
Mr. Gardiner, it is true, was put. in prison. He
has given bail; he has found sureties; he says that
he will vindicate his character. Is Mr. Corwin,
or any one else, to prejudge him ? I never believed
much in those Mexican claims when we went to
war to get them; when we were told that there were
six or seven millions of them that we ought to go
to war to make Mexico pay them. 1 thought then
that they were most of them nothing but botches
of fraud. Cut I will do justice even to a Mexican
claimant. I will not prejudge his ease. Let him
come into court. I, as a grand juror, say that I
believe the suspicion is a strong one that his claim
is a fraud. But he shall or should have his day in
court before he is condemned. He claims the op-
portunity of vindicating himself, according to the
laws of the country, and according to the'treaty,
and he should have it. My opinion is, that he
will not do it. Mr. Corwin's opinion is, doubt-
less, that he will not do it. The President is of
the opinion, I imagine, that he will not do it; and
hence they institute these proceedings against him.
But 1 will not crush even a worm; bad even as I
believe Gardiner to be, I will not prejudge him, nor
denounce Mr. Corwin in anticipation of his act,
dependmg upon a future judgment m court. Now
the gentleman says, suppose Gardiner shall he
found guilty by this court, would I defend Mr.
Corwin for holding this money ? I do not consider
that the evidence discloses thai Corwin has received
one dollar of this money from the Treasury of the
United States. The testimony is, that he did buy
what bethought was a good title, and sold it with-
out warranty, with a quit-claim. That is a mrtter
between him and his assignee. Mr Lav.-, or some
one under him, it seems, got Mr. Corwin's interest
in it.
But my opinion is, that when the case in court
is proven to be fraudulent, if it shallbe so proven
