294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13.
very authentic, was introduced with the case. These pa-
pers were very carefully sirted, aud the Board repeatedly
imagined that it found circumstances jn the details of the
case, which betrayed the latent fraud or exaggeration which
they bad been led to expect. I think, in as many as five or
six instances of this sort, they called the claimant or his
counsel before them to explain these points and clear them
up. After the first instances, the Board became satisfied
that Doctor Gardiner himself understood his own case better
than anybody else, and that the best means of arriving at
the truth, would be to receivc his own statements, and
cross- examine him oil all these points. They did so, there-
fore, and X am clear that th ere was no instance in which he
did not satisfy them, by his apparent truthfulness, clearness,
consistency, and readiness to reveal all facts in a remark-
ably manly and frank way, that the particular objection in
each case was unfounded."
During the progress of the investigation before
the Mexican Board, it appears that there was some
doubt on the minds of the Commissioners as to
how he procured the resources to make such heavy
investments, and he was required to explain.
Johnston says:
" Upon this subject, he (Gardiner) went into the history
of his own earlier connection with mining speculations and
operations, stating that he was skilled in chemistry and
mineralogy, as a partofhisown pursuit; and the opportunity
of seeing in Mexico the fortunes which a skill, inferior to his
own, often enabled men to make, led him to addict himself,
first of all, to the direct study of metallurgy, and, by-and-by,
to speculations in mines themselves. Gardiner stated that
this is a great matter of gambling in Mexico; and nothing
but talent and skill could make it anything else. The
great king of Mexican mines, Perez Galvez, at last remarked
his (Gardiner's) uniform success, and, taking him into fa-
vor, offered him his credit to carry forward any of his un-
dertakings. OfthesestatementsI think he produced proofs,
in the shape of a correspondence between himself and Pe-
rez Galvez. Its extent I cannot speak of. I am not sure
that it established anything beyond an intimacy between
Perez Galvez and Gardiner. Among the general proofs,
there were some which made a particular impression upon
the Board, as of a character fixing the unavoidable authen-
ticity of Gardiner's mining operations, and chief of these
the register, or book of accounts of the mine itself, kept by
the Government commissary.
" Upon the register or book of accounts referred to being
shown to the witness, he says that, upon inspection, he still
continues of the opinion that it was kept by the Government
commissary."
This is the statement made by the Secretary of
the Board, Edward W.Johnston, and I read it for
the purpose of showing that the counsel of Gar-
diner—and that is the relation which General
Thompson bore to the claim—was imposed upon
as well as the Commissioners, if there has been
any imposition; and I am inclined to the opinion
myself, that there has been a fraud perpetrated. I
think that when the case is fully investigated and
sifted, it will be found that Gardiner had some
pretense of a claim, but that it has been exagger-
ated. That is a mere speculation of mine. It
may be that there was no such claim. But these
extracts show that the fraud was so cunningly de-
vised—that Gardiner had concocted it with such
consummate judgment, that the most wary and sus-
picious mind would not have detected it; and that
his counsel were as effectually deceived as the Com-
missioners themselves. With reference to the con-
nection of Corwin and Thompson with this claim
as lawyers, I beg leave to read from the report
of the committee, a passage which was read by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens:]
"No testimony has been adduced before the committee
proving, or tendiug to prove, that the Hon. Thomas Corwin
had any knowledge that the claim of the said Gardiner was
fraudulent, or that false testimony or forged papers had been
or were to be procured to sustain the same."
Now, sir, that is the opinion of the committee
with reference to any fraudulent connection of
Mr. Corwin, and of course of the other counsel,
with this claim. That is the on/y point which I
desire to put right upon the records of the House.
General Thompson is incapable of originating a
fraud upon the Government of this stupendous
character;, and if there has been imposition, he
has been imposed upon in the same manner as the
Commissioners were imposed upon, having be-
lieved that the statements which Dr. Gardiner
made .with reference to the claim were true and
correct. Now, sir, whatever you may say as to
the propriety of Mr. Corwin's engaging in the
prosecution of claims before the Commission, or
practicing in the Supreme Court whilst he was a
Senator—and let it be borne in mind that General
Thompson stood in no such relation to the Gov-
ernment, holding no office whatever—I suppose
that ninety-nine out of every hundred will exon-
erate htm from any fraudulent connection with this
claim. 1 feel that it is due to the circumstances of
the case, due to truth and character, that I should
say thus much.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
the gentleman from South Carolina a single ques-
tion. I wish to ask him, whether, when the in-
vestigations shall have resulted, it turns out that
the claim has been a fabrication, General Thomp-
son, whose reputation he has just placed on such
a high pinnacle of honor, will return the $42,000
| of stolen money that he has in his pocket?
| Mr. ORR. I will say in reply to the interroga-
; tory propounded to me by the gentleman from
Tennessee, that I am not prepared to say what
course General Thompson will pursue, if the claim
turns out to be fraudulent. I am not informed by
him, having had no conference with him with re-
gard to this matter. My own opinion is, that they
ought to return the money, if the claim turns out
to be a fraud; but I am not prepared to say whether
he will do so or not.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Speaker, it was certainly
not my purpose to have taken a part in this discus-
sion, but the allusion which has been made to me
by the gentleman'from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
renders some observations on my part altogether
proper.
In the first place, I have to say in regard to this
whole matter, that the committee in this case re-
sisted all efforts unjustly to cry down the character
of a gentleman, because he happened to be assailed
in high party times; and, sir, we should be un-
worthy of seats here, if we had pursued any other
course. We all know that charges of this sort
are easy to be believed by a community, and es-
pecially when that community is embarked in a
political contest of no ordinary interest. But it is
precisely for the reason of the tendency of the
public ear to unjust reports, that it is the duty of
a committee of this House, when it passes upon
the character of one of the public men of the
country, to pass upon it as men of honor doing
justice to the facts. For, sir, there is this much,
-at least, to be said in relation to inquiries of this
nature, that, when the character of one of our pub-
lic men is not safe in a committee of Congress,
and in the hands of his political opponents, when
he cannot have a fair hearing ana a fair trial, the
public places of this country will cease to be sought
for by gentlemen who are entitled to the confidence
of the country. No man of character and intelli-
gence will subject himself to such an ordeal.
Having said thus much, I will proceed to make a
few observations upon the subject itself as con-
nected with Mr. Corwin. In the first place, I wish
to say something in relation to the practice of
members of Congress being employed before
boards of this character. As has been said by the
gentleman from Georgia, it has been usual ever
since the organization of this Government. In
relation to the two cases presented by myself, I
have this to say, that, although I made no charge
and have received nothing for those cases, I should
have looked upon it as quite proper for me to do
so, had not those claimants been my constituents,
and one of them a gentleman in narrow circum-
stances with small claims. In one instance, all the
papers came into my hands prepared, and I filed
them. In the other case the evidence came to my
hands prepared, and I drew or re-wrote the memo-
rial and filed it. That is all the action I took in the
matter. Both claims were rejected. If they had
been allowed, I should have thought myself fairly
entitled to payment for my services. I apprehend
there is a distinction to be drawn between the
prosecution of a claim by a member of Congress
before a temporary board, organized under an
act of Congress, and the prosecution or defense
I of suits before the Supreme Court. It is this:
: The tenure of the judges of the Supreme Court is
for life. They are above the influence which ap-
j pertains to distinguished members of Congress.
But with regard to temporary boards of commis-
I sioners appointed for a short term, and with a
special and limited jurisdiction, and filled in most
instances by political appointments, 1 think the
case is an entirely different one. In this case, the
influence of leading members of Congress might
in some instances have a prejudicial effect, un-
friendly to justice and the public interests.
Now, in relation to prosecuting claims before
the Departments of the Government, I presume it
has happened to two thirds the members of this
House as it has happened to me. I have repeat-
edly been offered fees to prosecute claims before
the different Departments. I have always refused
then), upon the ground that it was inconsistent
with the office of a Representative, whose services :
are due to the Government, to be prosecuting
claims against it for pay and as counsel; and for
a further reason: it would consume time which
ought to be employed in other and more appro-
priate legislative'duties. ' Why, sir, I have at this
session refused a fee for prosecuting a claim against
the Government amounting to a sum larger than
my per diem during the whole session. T refused
it because I did not think it consistent with my
duty as a Representative, though I believed the
claim to be entirely just, and though I went with
the claimant, who is a constituent, to the Depart-
ment, and stated that as my opinion. But "I re-
fused a fee, and have in all such cases uniformly
refused to receive any compensation for such ser-
vice, because I believed it to be improper; and it
is for that reason that I have proposed to support
some bill which forbids members of Congress from
appearing for a fee to prosecute claims against the
Government, and also for the reason that it con-
sumes the time and attention of Ihe member of
Congress, which ought to be devoted to his regu-
lar legislative duties.
I can say, for one, that this gratuitous service,
which I am compelled to render for my constitu-
ents, consumes more than one fourth of my time,
j apart from that spent here in this House; and if
it were for nothing else, I would have a law to
protect members of Congress from solicitations
of this sort, which compel him to attend to claims
for which he cannot with propriety charge a fee,
and which he ought not to attend to, because it
consumes the time which legitimately belongs to
the public in another capacity.
But there is another reason which should be a
sufficient one for supporting such a bill. A great
English writer, in a work of fiction now being pub-
lished , has said, that the highest interest of acountry
is the character of its public men. Sir, the remark
is both wise and true, and it is for that reason that
public men ought to be protected from solicitations
of this sort, and which give rise to injurious impu-
tations where they are often unjust. Such a law-
should be placed upon the statute-book^ as a pro-
tection both against wrong practice and unjust and
injurious insinuations.
Now, as to the connection of Mr. Corwin with
the Gardiner claim, which was before the Select
Committee,—and I find I have no time to spare,—
the committee find in their report that there was
no testimony proving or tending to prove that he
knew the claim was supported by fraud, by per-
jury, or by false documents; and I am free to say
that the whole amount of the testimony shows
conclusively that he did not know or believe that
the claim was fraudulent. It is due to him to say
that, in my opinion, he did not know that it was a
fraud.
A Member. He is very smart.
Mr. HOWARD. He may be smart, and there
are some smarter men in a certain way, than even
Mr. Corwin. Now, sir, what are the facts?
How was this Commission organized, which was
to inquire into a multitude of transactions grow-
ing out of the laws of Mexico and out of the pro-
ceedings of the Mexican tribunals ? The admin-
istration of General Taylor, pursuing the course
which has been pursued by the other Administra-
tions, or most of them at least, made political
appointments, instead of seeking men who were
competent or fit for the particular business they
were called upon to discharge. Now, sir, there
was not a man upon that Board who knew any-
thing of the Mexican law, or who could even read
the language of the country in which these claims
arose; and what was the consequence? They
were entirely at the mercy of the claimants, where
the claims had arisen out of proceedings which
had their origin under the local law of Mexico.
Why , sir, I had no sooner read the papers in the
Gardiner claim, than I perceived that the whole
matter was a gross fraud, and that the Board had
been imposed upon in relation to it, as well as the
counsel. The title pretended to have been granted
by a prefect of police, who has no more right to
grant a mine, or rather the right to work one,
within the limits of Mexico, than the mayor of
the city of Washington has to grant a patent for
land belonging to the United States in the State
of Illinois. It was a nullity upon its face. I do
not suppose the Board knew this, nor do I sup-
pose the counsel knew it, because the case showed
that there was no thorough investigation into the
Mexican laws in relation to the subject of mining.
