1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
The prefect of police had no jurisdiction over the
subject. The title papers should have proceeded
from the mining tribunal in Mexico—certainly not
from a prelect!
The committee in this respect censured the
Board, because the proof is, that the claim was
suspected at first. 1 he proof was, that the board
adopted the very unique mode ot calling in Gardi-
ner himself to explain his own case, because they
found he understood it better than his counsel. It
was our opinion that they had not taken the ne-
cessary means for investigating the claim. When
they suspected a claim for half a million of dol-
lars, they outfit to have taken testimony in Mex-
ico, or have written to our diplomatic agents there,
to investigate as to the existence and extent of the
mine. But they permitted this case and all others
to be established by ex parte affidavits furnished by
the claimant.
We censured the Board because they did not
understand the law. It was their duty to have
studied the laws of Mexico in relation to mining,
and informed themselves of the principles which
should govern the case, and which should control
their decision in regard to the claim. But there
is no evidence in the case to show that General
Thompson or Mr. Corwin knew, or had reason to
suppose, that the claim was a frafld, to be proved
or made out by perjury, forgery, or any otherim-
proper or unprofessional course of conduct. 1 do
not think that either of them did know it. I do
not think that either of them believed it, or even
suspected it. It does not appear that Mr. Corwin
shared the suspicions of the Board in relation to
the character of the claim. It is possible that the
counsel of Gardiner may have supposed the case
was an exaggeration, but there was no proof even
of that. It is possible that they may have enter-
tained the suspicionsonceentertained by theBoard,
although there is no proof of the fact. But I wish
to draw the attention of every professional man
to this view of the case. An advocate is not at
liberty to denounce his client upon suspicion. He
must have a strong case. It must be a clear case.
It must be a case that leaves no doubt upon his
mind—not a shadow of doubt, when he under-
takes to rise in court and say his client has fraud,
forgery, peijury, and is a knave. He is not at
liberty to act upon suspicions, even if he entertains
them. But there is no proof that either Thomp-
son or Corwin entertained any suspicion upon
this subject. It is true that both gave written in-
structions as to the manner of taking testimony,
and the nature of it; but every lawyer who looks
at the papers will see that these instructions were
no more than the ordinaiy professional instruc-
tions which every counsel finds it necessary to give
when the testimony is to be taken by deposition.
There is nothing in them from which it can be in-
ferred that these gentlemen contemplated the pro-
duction of any untruthful or improper evidence.
As to the inconsistency of Mr. Corwin's rela-
tions to this claim, as a Senator, this should be
borne in mind: He was employed after the treaty
with Mexico, which provided for these claims, and
the Board of Commissioners was ratified. He
was employed after these gentlemen who composed
the Commission had been appointed, and their ap-
pointment confirmed by the Senate; therefore there
is no room to impute dishonesty to him, or an im-
proper interest or influence as to the treaty, or the
appointment of the Commissioners. It is fully
proved that he sold -out, by an absolute trans-
fer, before he went into the Treasury, and without
any recourse of guaranty of the claim. But, in
relation to the other point, I have this to say: Mr.
Corwin, and all those who have received any por-
tion of this claim, should return the money when
it is legally or judicially established that the claim
is a fraud, as I have no doubt it will be adjudged
by the court before which it is now pending.
Upon that branch of the subject, however, the
commutee have expressed no opinion, for the rea-
son that it was not a case calling upon them for
an opinion in this respect, while it was still under-
going a judicial investigation^ If the counsel of
Gardiner knew it was a fraud, they were liable to
be prosecuted by an action at law, and compelled
to restore the money to the Treasury, if they re-
ceived it, knowing it to be a fraud. They should
also be severely punished; but this knowledge' on
their part is nesratived by the report. But, if they
believed the claim was honest and fair, and acted
in good faith, and the money has been allowed to
them by the Commission, or paid to them out
of the allowance by Gardiner, they are not legally
bound to return it; and whether they return it or
not, is a mere question of ethics and propriety ad-
dressed to them. In my opinion, they ought to
bring it back and lay it down at the door of the
Treasury, if the claim turns out to be a fraud. I
do not agree that counsel can rightfully receive
a portion of stolen goods, or stolen or fraudulently-
obtained money, jn payment of his fee for defend-
ing the delinquent or prosecuting his case. But
the committee were not called upon to express an
opinion on this branch of the subject until the ju-
dicial investigation is closed, and therefore they
have expressed none in their report.
As to the bill before the House, it was reported
the morning on which I came to the city, at the
present session, and I have not scrutinized it very i
closely since; but it is my purpose to vote for some
bill which prohibits members of Congress from
appearing before such boards, or before the De-
partments, to prosecute any claims for fees; and,
indeed, from appearing as counsel in any capacity
before the Departments. I desire this provision,
for the simple reason that it subjects members of
Congress to injurious suspicions, and may lead to
improper practices, and it draws their time and at-
tention from the regular business of legislation, to
which they are due. In most cases, it is an im-
proper consumption of our time, if it led to no
other injurious consequences.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
ask one question. In looking at this bill, I wish
to know if I understand it rightly. Was it the
intention of the committee—and do they so under-
stand the bill—to prohibit members of Congress,
in any way, with or without fees, from appearing
before any of the Departments, in behalf of their
constituents, to prosecute, urge, or recommend
claims of any kind—for pensions, for instance? ,
I so understand the bill, and I desire to know,
before 1 give my vote upon it, whether that is the
understanding of the committee?
11 Mr. HOW ARD. As I said before, I was not
present when the bill was reported from the com-
mittee, and I have not since scrutinized it to ascer-
tain its legal effect. But my opinion is, that a
bill should be passed which should prohibit mem-
bers of Congress from appearing before the De-
,, partments for pay.
ji Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The word
pay is not in it. I understand it as being gen-
' eral.
j Mr. KING, of New York. I will state to the
! gentleman from Pennsylvania, that if he will look
' at the fourth line of the third section, he will find
, the words " for compensation paid or to be paid."
Mr. STEVENS. That is another section; but
I spoke of the second section.
Mr. KING. The second section does not re-
late to members of Congress at all, but to officers
in the Departments. That distinction is taken
with a view to allow members of Congress the
right to transact the business of their constituents
without compensation.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask then simply of the
committee if they understand that if a member
of Congress appears before that Board, and it is
known that it is without pay, he has less influence
than members would have if it were known that
they had pay ? If that is the understanding of the
committee, 1 do not so understand it. The whole
bill is wrong.
Mr. KING. If the gentleman asks me the
question, I reply that the bill is clear upon that
subject, and it is for him to determine whether he
is in favor of it or not.
Mr. HOWARD. I would be willing for one
to go still further, for a bill which would prohibit
members of Congress from prosecuting claims as
counsel even without pay; because it is a burden
upon them, a duty which ought not to be imposed
upon them, and so long as it is done generally by
members of Congress, so long our constituents
will urge it upon us. It is no part of our legisla-
tive duty, and ought not to be so considered. It
ought not to be required of members of Congress
except under very special circumstances.
Mr. KING, of New York. The report of the
committee appointed under the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] has been
discussed in different quarters in connection with
the bill now before the House, with different opin-
i ions expressed as to the power and authority of
the committee. I concurred with the majority of
the committee in the opinion, that it was an ap-
propriate part of their duty to investigate the char-
acter of the Gardiner claim. This was done, and
from the testimony which appeared before the
committee, they came to the conclusion that the
claim was fraudulent; that it was sustained before
the Commissioners, by whom it was allowed,
upon fabricated testimony, and upon forged pa-
pers. These offenses are provided for by law,
and Gardiner was in the hands of the judicial tri-
bunals, indicted for false swearing and forgery.
These ind ictments have not yet been tried; they are
now pending in the district court of the District of
Columbia.
The committee were directly charged by the res-
olution, to investigate the relation and connection
of the Hon. Thomas Corwin, then Secretary of the
Treasury, with the claim of Gardiner. This the
committee also did, and it appeared from the evi-
dence that Mr. Corwin^ wlule a Senator of the
United States, was one of the counsel for Gardi-
ner; that in connection with one of the associate
counsel, Mr. Robert G. Corwin, he purchased of
Gardiner one fourth part of the claim; that prior
to his going into the Cabinet as Secretary of the
Treasury, he ceased to act as counsel and nego-
tiated a sale of his entire interest in the Gardiner
claim, and in thirty-six other claims, in which he
was interested as counsel,and that he subsequently
received $80,000 upon that sale.
It did not appear in evidence that Mr. Corwin
had any knowledge that false testimony or forged
papers had been or were to be used in the prose-
cution of that claim. The facts and the testimony
were reported by the committee.
No law was found which prohibited public offi-
cers or members of Congress acting as agents or
counsel for claimants against the Treasury.
A bill had been introduced into the Senate c
the United States, at the last session of Congress,
by a Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,]
which was referred to the Committee on Claims
in that body, and underwent a careful scrutiny by
them. That committee reported back the bill to
the Senate with amendments, and I believe it
passed the Senate. The Select Committee adopted
the provisions of that bill, with some additional
clauses, and the amendments of the Senate Com-
mittee on Claims extending the provisions of the
bill to members of Congress, Senators, and Rep-
resentatives, and to the officers of the two Houses
of Congress.
The committee, in fixing the penalty for a vio-
lation of this law, make it a penitentiary offense.
The bill introduced into the Senate prohibited the
transfer of claims prior to the final adjustment and
settlement of the claim, and prior to the issue of
the warrant for the payment of the claim.
That bill also prohibited the officers connected
with the Executive Departments, from acting as
agents or counsel for claimants.
It has been said in the course of the debate here,
that it has been the general practice for members
of Congress to be employed for contingent fees
and compensation as counsel in the prosecution of
claims against the Treasury. In my opinion, the
practice here has not prevailed to the extent that
such a remark would imply. I have known many
members of Congress—members of the legal pro-
fession—who have not been thus employed, and,
I think, would never consent to be. I have no
doubt, however, there being no law to the con-
trary, that honorable gentlemen, both Senators
and Representatives, have been employed in the
prosecution of claims, and that they have been free
from all imputation.
! Some cases which have attracted the public at-
tention by the large amount of fee paid by the
! claimant have excited—perhaps I should say justly
I excited—suspicion, that the official and person^
influence of the officer, as well as the legal skill
of counsel, was sought by the claimant. This
certainly no person would justify. The integrity
of our public men should be free from the suspi-
cion and imputations that cannot fail to grow out
of such a practice. Of the bill reported by the
committee, it is proper to say that the subject
which it embraces has attracted the attention of
the Executi  so far as it relates to officers of that
Department who are intrusted with the settlement
and adjustment of accounts.
The President, in his last annual message, states
that the law is defective, and recommends that
