296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
such enactments shall be adopted as shall best rem-
edy this evil.
My colleague over the way [Mr. Haven] (and
I speak of this matter to show in what manner this
bill has been prepared) has prepared and offered
as amendments three sections m addition to the
provisions of the bill reported by the committee.
One of these defines the crime of bribery and fixes
the penalty for that crime.
The other two sections relate to and fix the
penalty for the abstraction of papers or records in
the courts, or on file in the public offices.
These amendments were submitted to members
of the committee for examination and were ap-
proved hy them. The bill as a whole is simple
and direct in its provisions, and, I think, fully*
understood by the House. The previous question
has been ordered. I now call for the question 011
adopting the amendmenis and ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.
The first section of the bill was then read by the
Clerk.
Mr. TAYLOR. [ wish to ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Kixg] a question in regard
to this section, and I do not do it because I am
opposed to the bill, for I have not made up my mind
whether I shall vote for it or not. But it has been
thrown out in this debate, that this bill is intended
to reach the officers of Government, from the Pres-
ident down to members of Congress, in every court
of the United States. This section applies to pri-
vate individuals, and not to public men in the Le-
gislative and Executive Departments; and if so, I
wish to inquire if we have the power to prevent a
private citizen from assigning claims, either before
or after their allowance ?
Mr. KING. The first section of the bill de-
clares a transfer void, and therefore of no effect in
obtaining money out of the Treasury. It is void, I
no matter by whom made, anterior to the final 1 aga"18''he United States.
settlement of the claim, and the issue of the war- The question was next taken on the following
rant for the payment thereof. The object is to j amendments offered by Mr. Haven, to come in
prevent claimants from putting the claim into the i as additional sections after the third; and they
hands of some one who will increase the amount were severally agreed to, viz:
of it. There are other reasons why it is made " Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatifany person or
one year, or both, as the court, in its discretion, shall ad-
judge."
The question was then taken upon the follow-
ing amendment to the above section, and it was
agreed to, viz:
Insert in the above section after the words: " who, alter
the passage of this act, shall receive any gratuity from any
claimant against the United States," the following:—"or
agree to receive, or receive, except by inheritance, bequest,
or marriage, any share or pecuniary interest in any claim
against the United States.' '
The question was then taken'on the following
amendment, and it was disagreed to:
Insert in the same section alter the words," in any court
of the United States having jurisdiction," the words "of
the party and," so that it would read, " in any court of the
United States having jurisdiction of the party, and for trial
of crimes and misdemeanoii."
The Clerk next read the third section of the bill,
as follows:
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That any Senator or '
Representative in Congress who, after the passage of this
act, shall receive any gratuity from any claimant against 1
the United States, or shall, for compensation paid or to be
paid, certain or contingent, act as agent or attorney for
prosecuting any claim or claims against the United States,
or shall in any manner or by any means for such compen-
sation, aid or assist in the prosecution or support of any
such claim or claims, shall be liable to indictment, as for a
misdemeanor, in any court of the United States having ju
risdiction for the trial of crimes and misdemeanors; and, on
conviction, shall pay a fine not exceeding twice the amount 1
of the gratuity or compensation received by the person con-
victed, or suffer imprisonment in the penitentiary not ex-
ceeding one year, or both, as the court, in its discretion,
shall adjudge.'" #
The question was taken upon the following
amendment, and it was agreed to:
Insert in the third section, after the words "that any
Senator or Representative in Congress who, after the pas-
sage of this act, shall receive any gratuity from any claim-
ant against the United States," the following: "or agree
to receive, or receive except by inheritance, bequest, or
marriage, any share or pecuniary interest in any claim I
misdemeanors against the United States, and on conviction
| thereof, shall pay a fine not exceeding two thousand dollars,
or suffer imprisonment in a penitentiary not exceeding three
years, or both, as the court in its discretion shall adjudge,
and shall forfeit his office, and be forever afterwards dis-
qualified from holding any office under the Government of
the United States."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will it be
in order to modify the seventh section before it is
voted on ?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, unless
by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to suggest a modifi-
cation to this bill, to which I hope there will be no
objection. I see that this, as well as the second
section, allows a person who commits this crime
in Maine to be indicted in California. I can hard-
ly think that was the intention of the committee.
If there be no objection, I hope the gentleman
from New York [Mr. King] will modify it so as
to confine it to the court having jurisdiction of the
person and the offense.
Mr. KING. I doubt whether the construction
which the gentleman gives to this law is correct.
It was considered by the committee, and it was
not deemed necessary to provide against the diffi-
culty he suggests.
The SPEAKER. If objected to, the modifica-
tion cannot be made.
Mr. HAVEN. You canindicta man out of the
jurisdiction of a court, and send and bring him in.
Mr. STEVENS. Under this bill a man can be
indicted and tried in California for a crime com-
mitted here.
Mr. HOWARD. The indictment must be in
the district where the offense is committed 
Mr. KING. According to the general law of
the land.
The seventh section was next read by the Clerk,
as follows:
void by the first section of the bill.
The other sections apply to public officers alone.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would inquire of the Chair
if any amendment is in order to this first sec-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order,
unless by the unanimous consent of the House,
except such as were, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the other day, before the previous question
was ordered.
I; persons shall, directly or indirectly, promise, offer, or give,
f or cause or procure to be promised, offered, or given, any 1
11 money, goods, right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or 1
any promise, contract, undertaking, obligation, or security, :
I for the payment or delivery of any money, goods, right in i
| action, bribe, present, or reward, or any other valuable '
thing whatever, to any member of the Senate or House 1
, of Representatives of the United States, after his election
, 1 as such member, and either before or after he shall have ,
qualified and takeD his seat, or to any officer ofthe United
States, or person holding any place of trust or profit, or
1 discharging any official function under, or in connection
TVTr 1UF AFIP1 la tVii« t!in ^ . . 1 1 with, any Department of the Government of the United
Mr. MtAUi.. is this the propel time to take States, or under the Senate or House of Representatives of
C! a. A —  .1.       .a •
the vote upon the first section?
The SPEAKER. The sections may be voted
upon separately, if they are not so connected as
to destroy each other if separated.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to call for a vote upon
the first section, if it is such that it can be stricken
out, and yet the bill be a perfect one.
The SPEAKER. That proposition would op-
erate as an amendment to the bill, and cannot be
the United States, after the passage of this act, with intent
to influence his vote, opinion, decision, or judgment, or
with intent to bias his mind on any question, matter, cause
or proceeding, which may then be pending, or may bylaw
or under the Constitution of the United States, be brought
before him in his official capacity, or in his place of trust or
profit, and shall be thereof convicted, such person or per-
sons so offering, promising, or giving, or causing or procur- :
ing to be promised, offered, or given, any such money, goods,
right in action, bribe, presenter reward, or any promise
contract, undertaking, obligation, or security for the pay
m#>nt or rfpllv«rv nfomr mnnao L.: . . r.'
made under the operation of the previous aues- ! "1®m°rdelive'y ofany money, goods, right in action, bribe,
tinn previous ques present, or reward, or other valuable thing whatever, and
the member, officer, or person, who shall in anywise accent
nr rPf PtV#  tho cama in,,  ! f .. , . ^
I trust the bill will take the usual
tion
Mr. KING.
course.
Mr. MEADE. I am disposed to vote for all
the bill except the first section.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the point to which I
desired to call the attention of the Chair before he
or receive the same, or any part thereof, shall be liable to
indictment, as for a high crime and misdemeanor, in anv
court of the United States having jurisdiction for the trial
of crimes and misdemeanors; and shall, upon conviction
thereof, be fined not exceeding three times the amount so
offered, promised, or given, and imprisoned in a penitenti-
ary not exceeding three years ; and the member, officer, or
ner^on. f>nnvir fii/* r,f ^  • • ,7 >
made his decision. I think, upon VeflectloV,,'duu !
he will find bills other than internal improvement nprsnn sn cnnviMo^ ^
bills, without an exception in legislative history,
have not been divided on their passage.
.Jhe Clerk then read the second section of the
bill, as follows:
.h"?TE9-dnl be it further enacted, That any officer of
the United States, or per*on l,oldinE any place of Zs o
profit, or discharging any official function, under or in
connection with, any Executive Department of H * r„
emmentof the United State,, or unde? the S™.te or House
of Representatives of the United States, who after the
passage of this act, shall receive   • ■ -
person so convicted uuder this section shall forever be dis-
1 the Umted°Suuesany 0<iiCe °f llonor' trustj or Profit> under
"Sec . 5. shul t<c it furtker enacted, That any nerson who.
I with intent to steal, shall take and carry away any record,
paper, or proceeding of a court of justice filed or deposited :
with any clerk or officer of such court, or any paper, or
document, or record filed or deposited in any public office,
or with any judicial or public officer, shall, without refer-
ence to the value of the record, paper, document, or pro-
ceedmg so taken, be liable to indictment as for larceny in
any court "l the United States having jurisdiction for tlie
trial ol crimes and misdemeanors against the United States,
f" "l,on conviction thereof, shall pay a fine not exceeding
two thousand dollars, or suffer imprisonment in a peniten-
! tiary not exceeding three years, or both, as the court in its
! discretion shall adjudge.
assist in the proseciition or sippSu of'any such e'la.m 1 ; 6; it further enacted, That any officer hav-
claims, shall be liable to indictment, as for a misdenn>^™ '! "8 the custody of any record, document, paper, or proceed-
in any court of the United States having iBri=dict on ^ sP^ed in the last preceding section of this act, who
the trial of crimes and misdemeanors ; and, ori convir i, , 11 frauduJenUy take away, or withdraw, or destroy any
shall pay a fine not exceeding twice the amountof gratuftv' ' offi™ doc"ment> PaPer, or proceeding filed in his
fee, or compensation received by the persrm so crmvirt',1 1 dePOsitedwitli linn or in his custody, shall be liable
or suffer imprisonment in the pemtentiarv no Z2 Untad<W h** f°r a m'sdcme!l"or "> any court ofthe
n-M-eemng united States having jurisdiction for the trial of crimes and I
any gratuity from any
claimant against the United States, or shall act as an ai-em
or attorney for prosecuting any ciaim ^LnstLTnued
States, or shall in any manner, or bv „ t . a ,
than in the discharg? of h.^peVK^j;.^!^
I "And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this act,
! and of the act of July 29tli, 1846, entitled ' An act in rela-
tion to the payment of claims,' shall apply and extend to
all claims against the United States, whether allowed by
special acts of Congress or arising under general laws or
I treaties, or in any other manner whatever; and every of-
j fense against the provisions of this act shall be a misde-
meanor."
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read a third
time.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it not in order to ask for
a separate vote upon the first section ? It seems
to me that section ought to be voted upon sepa-
rately.
, The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The only
| question, under the operation of the previous ques-
\ tion, now in order, is the ordering of the bill to be
, engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MEADE. Cannot we separate distinct
questions
The SPEAKER. Not under the operation of
the previous question. There is but a single ques-
tion before the House, and that is the engrossment
. of.this bill.
I Mr. SWEETSER. Is it not in order to move
to lay this bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. SWEETSER. Then I make that motion,
and upon it I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 11, nays 148; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Holladay, Robert W. Johnson, Meade,
Millson, Polk, Richard II. Stanton, Svveetser, Toombs,
Welch, and Addison White—11.
,J^YF~Messrs' Abercrombie, Aiken, Charles Allen,
Willis Allen, William Appleton, Averett, Thomas H. Bay-
ly, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bowie, Bragg, Brentou,
®nggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Busbv
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Clark,
Chngman, Cobb, Cottman, Cullom, Curtis, Darby, George
T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Diminick, Disney,
Dockery, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edmuiidson, Evans
Fay, i ickhn, Florence, Freeman, Gaylord, Giddings, Gil-
t 0de,10v"!, Gonnan, Grey, Hall, Harper, I sham G.
"?™6> Sampson W. Harris Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Hillyer, Horsford, Houston, Howard, John W.
Howe, Hunter, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher,
Little, Lockhart. Mace, Martin, McLanahan, McMullin,
Meachain, Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
More head, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Newton,
uias, Urr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Preston, Price,
Kichardson, Riddle, Robbing, Robie, Robinson, Ross, Sa-
bine, Sackett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Scurry, David L. Sey-
mour, Origen S. Seymour, Skeiton, Stanly, Benjamin
fetanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, ^Al-
e*ander H. Stephens, Tbaddeus Stevens, Stratton, Stuart,
