1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
Sutherland, Tavlor, Thurston, Town-shend. Tuck, Ven-
able, Walbniiji', Wallace. Ward, Washburn, Walking, 1
Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, and Woodward—148.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. POLK said: I vote aye for the reason that
1 do not indorse any implied censure upon the
profession to which I,belong.
Mr. MEADE. Will it be in order to commit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union :
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in order but the
proposition to engross the bill. The question now
pending is u;>on ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read the third time.
The question was then taken,and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time.
The bill having been engrossed, was read the
third time.
The question now being, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. KING, of New York, demanded the pre-
vious question.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask, if we vote down the
previous question, will it not be competent to refer
the bill to the Committee of the iVhole on the
state of the Union in order to perfect it: It has
not yet been perfected.
Mr. POLK- I ask the Chair, if the previous
question is voted down is it then in order to re-
commit it or refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to perfect it?
The SPEAKER. To recommit only.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and to lay that motion upon the
table.
Mr. MEADE. I move that the House adjourn.
[Cries of "No! "No!" "No!"]
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If the House
adjourns now, will not the bill go upon the Speak-
er s table? Will it come up as unfinished busi-
ness ?
The SPEAKER. It will go to the Speaker's
table, until the motion to reconsider calls it up.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. POLK demanded tellers; which wer  or-
dered; and Messrs. Hendricks and Beale were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 69, noes 77.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KING, of New York. With a view to
make this entirely certain, I withdraw the demand
for the previous question, move to recommit the
bill, ana now renew the demand for the previous
question. I desire the question to be taken to-day
on the whole measure.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to make
an inquiry of the Chai*
Mr. GORMAN. I move that the House ad
journ.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish the gentleman to
withdraw his motion for a moment, to allow me
to make an inquiry of the Chair.
Mr. GORMAN. I will withdraw it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would inquire of the
Chair, if this business, as it now stands, will not
be the first business in order to-morrow ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To-morrow is pri-
vate bill day, and will not that take precedence ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider has
precedence of private bills.
The question was then taken on Mr. Gorman's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees: !
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of John P. Arunt and 70
other citizens of Green Bav, for a grant to the county of '
Brown, of a part of the military reservation at that* place, j
for a poor-house. |
Also, the peution of B. O'C'onner and 230 other citi-
zen" of Ozaukee, for a grant of land to aid in the construe
tion of the Lake Shore railroad. i
Also, the petition of Fisher M. Rice and 209 other citi
zens of Port Washington, for the same purpose. !
By Mr. MURRAY: The petition of Roswel) Minard, !
praying that a law be passed directing tlie Commissioner of I
Pensions to issue a warrant for one hundred and sixty acres
of land to him, as the lieir of Theodore Minard, deceased,
who was a soldier in Uie Mexican war.
By Mr. ASHE : The memorial of John Dawson and 200
other citizens of Wilmington, North Carolina, praying for
an appropriation to remove tlie obstructions of Cape Fear
bar.
By Mr. MILLER: A memorial from the President and
Directors of Ihe Canton and Bloomtield Railroad Company,
praying Congress for a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Canton, Missouri, to Bloomtield,
Iowa.
By Mr. HENN : A memorial of L. M. Kennett, A. B.
Chambers, Lyman D. Norris,Thos. C. Johnson, and Wm.
J. Mcllhenny, a committee appointed by a convention held
at St. Louis, on the loth day of November, 1852, asking for
a grant of land to aid in tlie construction of a railroad from
the city of New Orleans, via the capital of the State of Ar- l
kansas ; the Iron Mountain, in the State of Missouri; the
city of St. Louis; the valley of the Des Moines river, m the
State of Iowa, to a central point in the Territory of Minne
sota, in the direction of the Red river of the North, with a
branch to the Falls of St. Anthony.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 14, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the credentials of the Hon. John M. Clayton,
elected a Senator by the General Assembly of
the State of Delaware for the term of six years,
commencing on the 4th of March next.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up for consider-
ation Senate bill No. 503, " for the relief of the
legal representatives ofDaniel Loomis, deceased."
I believe there will be no objection to it. It re-
ceived the unanimous sanction of the Committee
on Claims.
The PRESIDENT. It requires the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up the bill at this
time, the morning business being first in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the morning busi-
ness.
The PRESIDENT. As the Senator from
, Texas objects, petitions are in order.
! Mr. WADE. Is not this private bill day;
1 The PRESIDENT. That was the impression of
1 the Chair at first; but he has been informed by the
Secretary that the resolution of the last session in
reference to private bills does not extend to this
session. Petitions are therefore in order.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Allamakee and Clayton counties, Iowa,
praying the establishment of a mail route from I
' Monona to Columbus, in that State; which was j
• referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
; Post Roads.
| Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Betsy W.
j Eve, widow of Joseph Eve, praying to be allowed
certain expenses incurred by her husband while
Charge d'Affaires to the republic of Texas; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Robert
Steele, praying that the children of John Steele, a
revolutionary officer, may be allowed the pension i
their father would have received under the act of
May 15, 1828, if he had survived the date of its ■
approval; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
COMPENSATION OF CLERKS.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to -present the peti-
tion of a large number of clerks in the Treasury
Department, in which they set out with respect-
fully calling the attention of the Senate to the per-
centage generously granted them at the last session
of Congress on their respective salaries; and they
remind Congress that its terms were temporary,
and that consequently, unless further legislation
be had in relation thereto, great inconvenience will
be felt by them. They say that the reasons which
compelled them to petition last year for relief have
gathered strength, from a further increase of rents,
and the prices of all the necessaries of life in this
city, and they flatter themselves that the percent-
age will again at this session, if not indefinitely,
be extended to them. !
In presenting this petition, I must say that it |
has come to my hands very recently. I know
nothing about the facts alluded to. It was not
part of my duty to investigate the matter specially
at the last session; but this much I must say, from |
a general knowledge of the cost of living in Wash-
ington, that with the pay these persons receive
they must certainly have a pretty hard time of it.
That seemed to be conceded at the last session,
and a temporary relief was granted to them. They
ask that it may be now again granted to them, if
not indefinitely. I feel disposed for one to recom-
mend the petition to the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Finance, to which I move that it be
referred.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOXES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which were referred the following
petitions, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to:
Petition of Isaac Bigelow.
Petition of Ann Van Wart and Samuel B. Vun
Wart, children and heirs-at-law of William Van
Wart.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the peti-
tion of Isaac Bigelow was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, to which was referred the petition of
the administrator of William Thompson, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Margaret Barnitz, heir of
David Grier, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof, and that she have leave
to withdraw her petition and papers; which was
agreed to.
JOHN J. SYKES.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which was referred the bill
from the House of Representatives entitled "An
act for the relief of John J. Sykes," has instruct-
ed me to report it back and recommend its pas-
sage. I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to consider this bill at this time. A similar bill
passed the Senate at the last session, and this will
take but a moment.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill. It proposes to direct the Postmaster General
to pay to John J. Sykes $1,298 33, in full for
clerk hire, office rent, and salary as special agent
for the Post.Office Department in California: pro-
vided that $446 63, a part of the first-mentioned
sum, being for the service of Sykes as special
agent, shall not be paid to him until he shall have
filed in the Post Office Department such vouchers
in proof of his services as the Postmaster General
shall certify to be satisfactory.
The bill was reported t<? the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
INSTRUCTOR OF SWORD EXERCISE.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be'in
structed to inquire into the expediency of an increase in the
compensation of the " Instructor of Sword Exercise," at
the United States Military Academy at West Point.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Mr. President, I beg
leave to offer a resolution, which I ask may be con-
sidered at this time. I have consulted with the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
in regard to it, and he concurs in the propriety
of its passage. It is as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi
cate to the Senate, the.award of the Emperor Louis Na-
poleon, of Franco, upon the claim of the owners of the brig
General Armstrong, against the Government of Portugal,
together with any correspondence upon that subject not
heretofore communicated to Congress.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HALE. I am not the special guardian of
the Executive, but I would suggest whether it
would not be courteous to put in the usual quali-
fication.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have nq objection to
insert the words, " if not incompatible with the
public interest."
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
HEIRS OF WILLIAM McFARLAND.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives, " for
