298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14.
the relief of the heirs of William McFarland,
deceased." It proposes to surrender and release
to his heirs any interest which the United Slates
may have to a certain tract of land in the Greens-
burgland district, Louisiana,provided thatnothing
coniained m the act shall take away or affect in
any way any right, title, or interest of any per-
son or persons claiming that land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
DANIEL LOOMIS.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the bill "for the
relief of the legal representatives of Daniel Loomis,
deceased," was read a second time, and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department to settle, upon prin-
ciples of equity, the accounts of Daniel Loomis,
so far as he was an original contractor for making
the Cumberland road, and as far as he contracted
to make said road, or any part thereof, different
from the original contract, and for keeping the
same in repair, and to pay any balance that may
be found due, to his legal representatives.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM SENNA FACTOR.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, the bill for the
relief of William Senna Factor was read a second
time, and considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes that the sum of
$3,707 shall be paid to William Senna Factor, as
indemnity in full for property of Rose Factor,
destroyed by order of the American officers of the
United States Army, in the Seminole war of 1836,
and for property taken by those officers for public
use in that war: provided that the Secretary of
the Interior shall first be satisfied that Billy Senna
Factor is the legal representative of Rose Factor,
deceased.
Mr. BORLAND. This bill occupies a very
peculiar position here. My colleague and myself
are perfectly satisfied that it passed at the last
session, but by some mistake it seems not to have
been so entered. That is the reason why I ask
that it may be taken up and acted upon now. It
was reported from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs by my colleague [Mr. Sebastian] after a
very careful examination. I am very confident
that it passed the Senate at the last session, but
by some mistake it was overlooked.
Mr. HALE. Let the report of the committee
be read.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state, for the satisfac-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, a fact
winch I think he will like to hear. Billy Senna
Factor is a free man of color, residing in my State,
who has been a long time kept out of property to
which he was clearly entitled, and which was
taken by the Government of the United States for
the use of the United States during the Seminole
war in Florida. He is a very worthy colored gen-
tleman, and I have no doubt the Senator will be
glad to give him this relief.
Mr. HALE. 1 am glad to hear it. I have no
doubt there are a great many oilier colored people
who are kept out of property to which they are
clearly entitled. I am glad that justice is about to
be done at least to one of them. [Laughter.]
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MAJOR CALEB SWAN.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the " bill for the
relief of the heirs of Major Caleb Swan " was
read a second time, and c'onsideieil by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
legal representatives of Major Caleb Swan, the
amount of his compensation as Paymaster of the
Army, from the 1st day of July to the 31st of De-
cember, inclusive, 1808, and a commission of one
half of one per centum on the amount of bills of
exchange negotiated by him under direction of the
War Department for the purposeof raising money
for the use of the Army.
Mr. ADAMS. I am directed by the Committee
on Claims to move to amend the bill by striking
out " one half," so as to make it read " one per
centum on the amount of the bills of exchange,"
as a compensation for the services performed.
The committee first proposed to allow the one half
of one per cent., with a view of coveiing the actual
expenses incurred by Major Swan in the collec-
tion and disbursement of the funds belonging to
the United States while he was paymaster. On a
subsequent examination, however, we found that
in all such cases, not less than one per cent, has
been allowed, where the allowancehas been made.
This is a meritorious claim, and the allowing of
one percent, will not more than cover the expenses,
even if it does that.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; the amend-
ment was agreed to; the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time, and
TEXAS NAVY OFFICERS.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the "joint
resolution relative to the officers of the late Texan
Navy."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed
that there is no resolution in force at this session
requiring the consideration of private bills. The
resolution which was adopted at the last session
expired with the session. The motion is, there-
fore, in order.
The motion was agreed to; and thebill was read
a second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
that the existing laws limiting the number of offi-
cers in the Navy of the United States be so far
modified, as to authorize the President to incorpo-
rate into the naval service ofthe United States the
surviving officers of the late Texas Navy, who were
duly commissioned and in the service of that repub-
lic at the time of its annexation to the United States:
provided that the number of officers to be ineor-
I porated shall not exceed eight: and provided fur-
i ther, that those officers who were formerly in the
I United States Navy, shall take no higher grade,
, number, or position, than that which they would
now occupy by due course of promotion if they
had not left it, and that those who were not in the
United States Navy, shall take such position as
the President may assign them.
Mr. RUSK. I move to strike out of the bill
the last proviso, which is:
i " JInd jrrondeiijurtker, That those of said officers who
M were formerly in the United States Navy, -hall take no
higher grade, number, or position than that which they
would now occupy by due course of promotion if they
had not left it, and that those who were not in the United
States Navy, shall take such position as the President may
assign them."
The amendment was agreed to.
, The PRESIDENT. If there be no further
amendment proposed, the bill will be reported to
, the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Is that a private bill' 1
1 The PRESIDENT. The Chair announced to
the Senate, that he is informed that the resolution
setting apart Friday for the consideration of pri-
vate bills, which was passed at the last session,
j only extended through that session. It has not
been renewed this session.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire with regard
to that, if, under our rules, the business of thefirst
session comes up at the second session of the
| same Congress in the same order in which it stood
at the close of the first session, without any fur-
ther order?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that that would not affect this at all. The
resolution must be renewed, unless there is some-
thing in its terms extending it.
Mr. MILLER. I presume no one expected
that bill would come up to-day. The Senators
from North Carolina and Maryland both take an
interest in that question.
1 Mr. BAYARD. What is it ?
Mr. MILLER. The joint resolution relative
to the officers of the late Texan Navy. I hope
the Senator from Texas will not press it to a vote
now. It is a matter which has been discussed
here frequently, and has met with considerable
opposition on this floor. I hope it may be passed
1 over.
Mr. RUSK. The session is drawing to a close.
The subject has been before the Senate for the
last six years—ever since the annexation of Tex-
as. These officers are suspended and not permit-
ted to come into the Navy of the United States.
They believe, and the State of Texas believes,
they have a right to come into the Navy of the
United States, under a fair construction of the arti-
cles of annexation. As the session is drawing to
a close, as a matter of course, if the subject is now
postponed, we may not expect to have any action
at this session. I would be glad to do anything
that I could, conveniently, to accommodate the
Senator from New Jersey, l>ut I hope the Senate
will act upon it. I believe the minds of Senators
are made up upon the question, as they have in-
vestigated it several times.
Mr. MILLER. I do not wish to delay this
matter; but it was not expected to come up to-
day, and as this is private bill day, it seems to me
to be out of order. I consider the questions em-
braced in the bill of great importance, and with a
view of giving those who take an interest in it an
opportunity to be here and discuss it, I move that
the further consideration of the joint resolution be
postponed till Monday.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to say simply that if this
bill is postponed to Monday next, I hope the Sen-
ate will indulge me in taking it up and acting upon
it at that time.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill was agreed to.
TfioMAS P. DUDLEY.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to take up House
bill for the relief of Thomas P. Dudley. The bill
is for the relief of an old soldier in Kentucky, who
has written to me that he wants to be put upon
the pension list. I know nothingabout his claim;
but I suppose it is all right as it has passed the
House, and the Committee on Pensions of this
body.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to place the name of Thomas P. Dud-
ley, of Kentucky, on the roll of invalid pensioners
at the rate of $11 25 per month, to commence Jan-
uary 8, 1849, and continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
INTERNATIONAL RIGHTS OF HOSTAGES.
Mr. MASON. 1 move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill " au-
' thorizingtheadjustmentand payment ofthe claim
' of William Hazzard Wigg, deceased, for losses
' sustained by him during the war of the Revolu-
tion ." It was reported from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, and the report which accom-
panies the bill, shows a case of such exceeding
interest that I think the Senate will pass it.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, under
the direction of the Secretarv'of the Treasury, to ad-
justand settletheclaimsofMajor William ftazzard
Wigg, deceased, late of the State of South Caro-
lina, for losses sustained by him as a hostage by
the British officers during the war of the Revolu-
tion, and to allow the sum of $30,117, with lesral
interest from November 14th, 17853, until the day
of stating the account of said losses. It further
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay William Hazzard Wigg, the grandson of
William Hazzard Wigg, deceased, the amount
that shall be ascertained to be due on account of
the losses, including the interest.
At the request of Mr. BAYARD, the report of
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims was read.
The question presented in this case,as set forth
in the report, is marked with very peculiar and
interesting features. It involves the important
doctrine of the international rights of hostages in
war, which is now, for the first time, brought be-
fore Congress.
Major Wigg was an officer of the militia ofthe
State of South Carolina, and as such rendered valu-
able and distinguished services to the cause of in-
dependence during the war of the Revolution. He
was a gentleman of fortune, influential connections,
a bold, resolute spirit, and enthusiastically at.
tached to the cause of his country. He had served
with fidelity and iistinction from the earliest stages
of the war tip to the month of March, 1780, when,
in obedience to the proclamation of Governor Rut-
ledge upon the invasion ofthe British army under
Sir Henry Clinton, he hastened to Charleston, and
