300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
thev had Riven up, sooner than have done so.
Their condition tvas changed, and in consequence
of that change these injuries were inflicted upon
this gentleman, as well as upon others, but more
particularly upon him.
Sir, I hive not time to go through with this sub-
ject. I have a good deal of feeling upon it, from
more reasons than one. I hope my friend from
Delaware will yield, at least, some portion of the
interest in this case.
Major Wigg and his companions were released
from the prison-ship, by overpowering the British
crew and taking the vessel into a port of North
Carolina, from which he returned home and im-
mediately filed among his papers this claim, in-
tending to make it either against South Carolina
or the United States, but he died almost immedi-
ately. So did his brother-in-law, Mr. Hutson,
and the paper has been found only very recently.
If there is any claim founded in justice, this is
one. Whether the whole interest can be recovered
or not, I think, in any point of view, the Senate
should be disposed to give interest from the time
of the demand; and I ask the Senator from Dela-
ware to yield at least that much.
This is a bill which has emanated from the Com-
mitteeon Revolutionary Claims. That committee
has given it due consideration, and allow me to
say that the members of it have done their hearts
and their judgments credit upon this subject. It
comes from a committee which, although com-
posed wholly of northern men, knows no northern
feeling in regard to it—a committee that has yield-
ed to the honorable impulses of the heart, and they
generally dictate what the law of nature should be.
Sir, I shall never forget, and South Carolina in its
gratitude will never forget, the services of General
Greene, whose birth-place the honorable Senator
who reported this bill so worthily represents.
When we were scarcely able to pay our own
ragged soldiers, we granted General Greene at the
end of the war $50,000.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, as to the re- ;
marks of the honorable Senator from South Caro- !
lina in reference to the gallantry of Major Wigg,
there can be no dispute; but it does not seem to 1
me that they touch the position which I assumed.
I stand here as one of the representatives of my •!
State; not to disburse the public moneys of the ;
nation as if they were my own private funds; but I1
I am here as a trustee to vote on all matters com-
ing before the Senate according to the best judg-
ment I can form of the propriety of the allow-
ance.
I do not dispute for a moment the gallant con-
duct or the elevated sentiments of the officer whose
representatives now seek this remuneration from
the Government. I do not object to the claim. I
do not even go into the consideration of the ques-
tion whether this is a gratuity or whether it is a
good demand, which, according to the laws of
nations, is entitled to payment as a mere claim.
But the objection which I make is to the allow-
ance of interest for such a period of time; an al-
lowance which, it seems to me, would form a pre-
cedent. All this looseness of allowance against
the Government arises from one case after another
creeping in, and then one being cited as a prece-
dent for another, until eventually you come to
allow interest in all cases whatever. I hold to the
doctrine that against the Government, interest is
not allowable except in cases of agreement. I can-
not, therefore, vote for that portion of this bill,
nor can I vote for the bill if it be retained.
The gallantry of the services or the meritorious
character of the individual does not touch the
question at all. The point which comes before
you is, whether a claim made upon the Govern-
ment after a lapse of seventy years, with no other
reason given for the delay than a statement that a
paper which contained an estimate of the losses,
and not the fact of loss, was not discovered until
recently. The question is, whether the Govern-
ment should pay interest on such a claim,'when
in the interim it would have been perfectly compe-
tent to have paid the claim, if it had been pre-
sented. I am now considering the claim to be of
the best and most meritorious character, and I
can see no principle on which we can make the
allowance in this case which would not necessa-
rily involve us in the payment of interest in every
case which may come before us, without regard
to the lapse of time.
This is no question connected with nn act of
! limitations; and the great principle of viewing
State claims with disfavor is not a mere legal or
technical objection. It is one that the wisest and
best men, it is one that the greatest judges, have
always recognized as a leading, essential, neces-
sary principle, in courts of equity as well as courts
of law, that stale claims are not to be counte-
nanced. The reason for it is a very apparent one.
You may make any statement you please in ref-
erence to a claim sixty or seventy years after its
date, and there are no means of controverting it;
and its character may be enhanced by the state-
ments made when it is presented, and who make
their representations when, in consequence of the
lapse of time, no one can deny them. Let me
not be understood, however, as applying the re-
mark to this particular case; but I refer to the
danger of the general principle.
Besides that, as to the magnitude of the claim,
the means of evidence are lost, and you are per-
fectly in the dark. If you adopt a principle coun-
ter to that which is adopted in all courts of equity
and affirm that after such a lapse of time you will
recognize claims, where the party has slept over
his rights and not chosen to demand them, the re-
sult will be that however overflowing your Treas-
ury may now be, you will not long have to com-
plain of an evil of that kind.
I trust that my remarks will not be taken as de-
nying the merits of this particular claim. I object,
not to it, but to the principle of allowing interest
upon claims which are so distant in character, and
where there has been no intermediate demand. I
cannot see the principle on which it is to be allowed.
The meritorious nature of the claim does not alter
it one iota, in my judgment. No matter howgallant 1
the services, no matter how clear the claim, the party j
has slept over his rights; and if you now allow him,
or those who represent him, to come in and give any
answer they please for its non-presentation at a J
previous time, and allow interest, you abandon all '
the principles which have heretofore guided us '
and which have guided courts of justice—and the 1
principles of courts of justice in reference to this
subject are founded on very sound reasons. They !
will not suffer a party to get rid of a presumptive ;
objection arising from lapse of time, unless the ex- I
cuse is founded on certain general principles; that i
is, either the minority or th? coverture of the party |
when he or she was not able to act for him or her- i
self. In such cases, or where there is no person i
against whom the cla,im can be made, distance of
time will not operate against the demand; but these
are exceptions to the general rule which prevail not
only in courts of law, but also in courts of equity.
But if in one case you depart from the general
principle and allow interest against the Govern-
ment for a period of seventy years, during which
time the claim could have been paid if it had been
presented, where are you to stop? In this case
the excuse for not sooner bringing forward the
claim is, that a paper was lost. What kind of a
paper ? Not one showing the existence of a claim,
but one simply in reference to its amount. If, on
such a ground, you now allow seventy years' in-
terest, you will be abandoning the principles
which have heretofore guided us. The Govern-
ment has had millions of dollars lying idle in the
Treasury at various times since 1782, and could
have paid the claim with a fuller knowledge of the
facts than we possess, if it had been presented
at an anterior day. If you do this, you will be
making the Government pay, I will not say for
the negligence of the party in this particular case
in not presenting the claim, but certainly for what
it was in no degree accessory to. Therefore, to
pay interest in a case where there has been no
neglect on its part, and where there is no principle
of law or of equity which I can see which justi-
fies the payment of interest, is against all prece-
dent. I am willing to vote for the claim itself, but
I am unwilling, for the reasons which I have
stated, to vote for the allowance of interest.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, a claim of this
sort always commends itself very powerfully to
the sympathies of every patriotic heart, and we
are disposed at once to take counsel of those sym-
pathies rather than of the cooler dictates of judg-
ment. That is ordinarily the case; but when it is
backed up, as on this occasion, by the patriotic
and eloquent fervor of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, the appeal becomes overwhelm-
ing.
Now, with every disposition to do full justice
to the heirs of Major Wigg, it strikes me that
there is a novel principle involved here. This, if
I understand the report, from the brief attention
which I have been able to give it, is not literally
the case of a hostage, but of one who was a pris-
oner of war, but seized and made so; and besides,
the compensation is not for injuries received by
the individual while he was sustaining that quasi
relation to the enemy and to the country of a
hostage, but it was for an act of hostility com-
mitted on his property that the compensation is
asked. In other words, the private property of
the individual was taken by the enemy, and com-
pensation is now asked for it. I think itwould be
a new principle of law by which Government
should pay such a claim; but I would be willing
to go a great way, even beyond all former prece-
dents, in a case of this meritorious character.
It will be recollected that acts of this sort are
not without a parallel. When Great Britain de-
clared war against France, after the peace of
Amiens, Bonaparte seized all Englishmen within
the French dominions and made them hostages or
prisoners of war, and kept them until pence was
restored—for some ten or twelve years, I think.
I believe the idea never was suggested that the
Government o£ Great Britain was bound to make
compensation forall the injuries received by those
Englishmen who were thus seized in the French
dominions and kept there by Bonaparte for ten
or twelve years.
I have the fullest disposition to vote for this
bill, and I hope upon examination that I shall be
able to do so. But the bill is a new one. It
comes up to-day for the first time. The report
has been but once read and hastily; and if the
friends of the bill will consent that it be postponed
until to-morrow, I pledge myself that I will read
the report, and satisfy myself of the facts; and if
I can vote for it I shall do so. I think this is not
an unreasonable request. I have no doubt that
there are very many gentlemen in the same situa-
tion as myself. We should not be carried away
by our sympathies to establish a principle that
would lead further than we might be willing to go.
Now, I am willing to go a great way ; but I hope
it will be agreeable to the friends of the bill to
have it postponed until to-morrow, and then those
gentlemen who feel an interest in the matter can
look at it, and see whether they can give it their
votes. I assure the friends of the bill that it will
give me great pleasure to vote for it; but as at
present advised, I can vote neither for the allow-
ance of interest, nor for the principal. I move,
therefore, to postpone the further consideration of
the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER. To-morrow is Saturday.
Mr. HALE. To-morrow means the next day
we sit.
The motion to postpone was agreed to, there
being on a division—ayes 17, noes 16.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to make one remark.
I suppose now that the bill will not come up
till Friday next; but I will say to gentlemen that
I shall not claim anything in this bill but what my
judgment approves. I am pleased with the tone
of the remarks in which gentlemen have indulged,
and I hope they will read the report. 1 am will-
ing that the case shall stand the severest test of
scrutiny.
RECESS.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM , it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it he (n
meet on Monday next.
ASENATH M. ELLIOTT.
The bill for the relief of Asenath M. Elliott
was read a second time, and on motion by Mr.
Adams, the Senate proceeded to consider it as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Asenath M. Elliott, widow
of the late Captain Edward G. Elliott, of the
United States Army, upon the pension roll, and
to pay her one half of the pay to which her hus-
band would have been entitled at the time of his
death, the payment to commence on the 5th of
January, 1849, and to continue during her natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate pro-
