1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
RECESS.
Mr. BRIGHT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion that when the Senate adjourns,
it be to Monday, was agreed to, in consequence
of a rumor having reached the Senate of the death
of Mr. Upham, of Vermont.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
then the original motion was rejected.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 14, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question. I
find by examining the Journal of this morning,
that I do not appear as voting upon the motion to
lay the bill of my colleague [Mr. King] upon the
table. I voted upon that bill in the negative. I
desire to have my name recorded.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The Journal of yesterday was then approved.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to call up
a privileged motion—the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill to prevent frauds on the
Treasury was ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. BOWIE. Will the motion of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. King] take precedence
of a motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar ?
Mr. KING. I apprehend the final passage of
this bill will occupy but a few moments. It is for
ti^at^eason I call it up. If it were to take much
time, I would waive it.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon recon-
sidering the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time, and to lay that
motion upon the table.
Mr. KING. I propose, as the subject is before
the House, to pass by that question, and take up
the motion to put the bill upon its passage. It is
not necessary to act upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The House must act upon
the motion if the question is resumed. '
Mr. KING. May not the House dispose of the J
question of order ?
The SPEAKER. The first question is the mo- j
tion made by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jone9,] to lay upon the table the motion made by '<
him to reconsider.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that |
there be a cajl of the House.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Mr. NABERS. Has not the previous question
been ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been ordered. It has been only demanded.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, and
150 gentlemen answered to their names.
Mr. GORMAN. I renew the request I made
yesterday morning, to take up the bill of the Sen-
ate, now upon the Speaker's table, providing for a
retired list in the Army, in order that it may be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill is of great importance to the Army, and
1 hope that the gentleman from New York will
allow it to be sent to a committee.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
Mr. GORMAN. Will not the gentleman allow
me to send it to the committee I have named >
Mr. KING. I have no disposition to delay it,
but there is another matter to be disposed of now.
Mr. CLINGMAN I insist upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill to protect the Treasury
against frauds was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and he moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table, which is now the
question before the House.
The question was then taken, and it was de- ;
cided in the affirmative. I
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The prevents question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered; which was upon re-
committing the bill.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative.
The question recurring upon the passage of the
bill,
Mr. SWEETSER demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taklen, and there were—
yeas 134, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Chailes Allen, Willis Allen,
Allison, William Appleton, Averett, Baheock, Bennett,
Bocock, Bowie, Brass. Breckinridge. Brenton, Rriggs.
Brooks, Burrows, Burt, Jos. Cable,Caldwell,L. D. Camp
bell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler,
Chapman, Clark, Clemens, Clingman.Cobh, Cullom, Cur-
tis, Darby. George T. Davis. John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dimmick, Disney. Duncan, Eastman, Fay, Ficklin,
Florence, Gaylord,Gid<iings, Gilmore,Goodenow, Gorman,
Grev, Hall, lsham G. Harris, Sampan W. Harris, Ha-call,
Haven, Henn, Hillyer, Horsford, Houston, Howard, J. \V.
Howe,T, Y. How, Ingersoll, Jackson. Jenkins. A. Johnson,
Daniel T.Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, George
G. King, Preston King, Knhns, Kurtz, 1,etcher, Little,
Maee, .Marshall, Martin, McMullin, Molony, Henn, D.
Moore, Jol.n Moore, Morehead, Morrison. Murphy. Slur-
ray, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Penn, Penniinan, Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Por-
ter, Preston, Richardson, Kiddle, Robbins, Robie, Robin
son, Koss, Russell, Sabine, Sackett, Savage, David L.
Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Snow,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton. Abr'm P. Stephens, Alexander
H. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart, Suther-
land, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Venable, VValbridge,
Washburn, Watkins, Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox,
Woodward, and Yates—134.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas H. Bayly, Bu«by, Chastain,
Harper, Holladay, Robert W. Johnson, Landry, Meaeham,
Meade, Millson, Miner, Newton, Price, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Sweetser,
Taylor, Toombs, Ward, Welch. Addison White, and Wil-
liams—93.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FREEMAN desired to make an explana-
tion of his vote.
Mr. GOODENOW objected.
Mr. KING, of New York, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC DEFENSES.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
' olution, for the purpose of referring it, when in-
troduced, to the Committee on Foreign Relations, i
with the understanding that that committee shall i
have power to report upon it at any time they see j
proper.
Resolved, That a sum of $10,000,000 be set apart, out of i
any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and
be placed at the disposal of the President for the purpose of
enabling him, during the recess of Congress, to meet such
exigencies as may arise out of those momentous subjects
connected with the present state of the foreign relations of
this country with the other Powers of the earth, so liable,
on account of their character and complexity, to present
themselves from hour to hour for practical and immediate
consideration.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
Mr. BOWIE. I now renew my motion to go
into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I appeal to the gen-
tleman to withdraw the motion and allow me to
present certain papers.
Mr. BOWIE. I will yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. STANTON. They consist ofcertain papers
and records called for by the House at its last
session, in relation to the claim of the heirs of
John H. Piatt, and I move that they be referred
to the Committee of the Whole House having
charge of the subject.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. FICKLIN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the special order.
Mr. SACKETT. If the House resolve itself!
into ^Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, will not the special order remain
on the calendar for the next day?
The SPEAKER. That will be practically the
effect.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ficklin's ,
motion, and] there were—ayes 68, noes not
counted.
Mr. FICKLIN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Grey and Gaylord were
! appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 69, noes 58.
SUPPRESSION OF SMALL NOTES.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Seymour,
of Connecticut, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 341, " to suppress the circulation of small
notes as a currency in the District of Columbia."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Freeman,] which reads as follows:
11 That from and after the passage of this act, it shall not
be lawful to make, emit, or uttei, witlun the District of Co-
lumbia, any species ofcurrency or money whatever, except
the constitutional coins of the United States; and that for
all offenses against this act the parties committing the same
shall be liable to indictment by the grand jury of the Dis-
trict of Columbia for a high crime, and on conviction shall
be fined in a sum not less than five hundred dollar*, and be
imprisoned in the penitentiary for a term of not less than
six months nor more than five years.-'
Mr. DEAN. The question, as I now under-
stand, is upon the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] which
proposes to do away entirely with the power of
individuals or corporations to issue bank notes in
the District of Columbia.
Now, sir, it seems to me that that proposition
is one that ought to be adopted rather than the
proposition of the committee. No community can
get on without small notes, if they have large ones;
and no reason exists against issuing small notes
that does not apply with equal force to the issue
of those of a larger denomination. But, sir, for
the purpose of bringing an amendment before the
committee, I would inquire of the Chair whether
it is in order now to move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, with
instructions ?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion would not
be in order, and the Chair will inform the gentle-
man and the committee that debate has been closed
upon this bill by order of the House.
Mr. DEAN. I did not rise for the purpose of
debate. I rose for the purpose of submitting to
the committee—supposing it to be in order—a
proposition which has been introduced into the
Senate, which is substantially to allow free bank-
ing in this District under the system now in opera-
tion in the State of New York, and which, if prop-
erly carried out, secures the bill-holder from any
possibility of loss. Were it not so long, I would
like to offer it as an amendment. But 1 hope the
House will not pass this bill as reported from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, but that
the matter will be referred back to that committee,
and that they may report such a measure as will
supply this community with what every other
community enjoys—a proper circulation in bills.
It is too late in the day to talk about having an
exclusive metallic currency and no bank notes in
a commercial community.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I understand that debate has been
closed upon this bill, and the gentleman is not
speaking to any amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Five minutes were allowed
for general debate on the merits of the bill, by the
resolution of the House.
Mr. FICKLIN. And then I shall have an
opportunity of replying to the arguments that
have been urged against the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. As chairman of the com-
mittee which reported the bill, the gentleman will
have that privilege.
Mr. DEAN. When I first arose, I supposed
that it was in order to move to recommit the bill
with instructions, but as that is not in order here,
I will do itin the House, if I havean opportunity.
Mr. FICKLIN. Mr. Chairman, I am satisfied,
from the various amendments that have been pro-
posed to the bill now under consideration, that
there is a misapprehension on the part, at least, of
some of the members of this committee, in regard
to the objects of the bill. As I have stated here-
tofore, in' reply to interrogatories that have been
propounded to me, this bill has been reported in
