THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session. MONDAY, JANUARY 17, 1853. Nkw Series No. 20.
of five dollars and upwards. I do not regard that ,
in making the advance which we have here towards
the creation, or rather the preservation of a good
circulating medium, that we shall act wisely at all
it'we ?o so far as that gentleman, and take the
step which he proposes, to exclude the power of
issuing any circulating medium in this District of
five dollars and upwards. What is to be the conse-
quence? If the gentleman shall succeed in carrying i
this amendment, then the circulation of Virginia, >
Maryland, and every other neighboring State,
will Hood this District, and the only object which
he can have in view, which must be to keep down
the circulationof notes within this District, will be
entirely defeated.
That will be the only effect of it, and the gentle-
man will not have achieved the real object he must
have in view, and that is, to establish a pure gold
and silver currency. Then if he fails to establish
such a currency, what will he have achieved > But
another market, as it were, for bank paper of all
those institutions which are located in adjoining
States. What, in addition to that, is to be the
result! Shall we go on and carry out what he
may term Democratic principles in exhibiting to
the country what we know cannot be donfe here
in the shape of a purely gold and silver currency ?
No, sir, the first thing that will result from this
course, will be to drive the commercial classes of
the District, as a matter of relief, into the arms of
banking itself. I may be regarded as in earnest
in saying this, and that I will not be a party le-
gislating for the District, as we do, towards op-
pressing their citizens, and I will pledge myself,
that should the amendment of the member from
Ohio be adopted, I will move to reestablish the
four old banks wl^ch have conducted themselves
honorably hitherto, who were the last to suspend
during the bank panic, and were the first to re-
sume specie payments. I shall pledge myself to
make a movement to renew their charters in such
event, perpetual charters if you choose, in other
words, a charter of the same description which
they had before, with the solitary exception, that
those charters be held at the will of Congress,
who may at all times modify and repeal. 1 would
also incorporate the principle in their charters that
the stockholders shall be individually liable for j
every single dollar. If the amendment carries, ;
that no money shall be issued above as well as ;
below the sum of five dollars, I will not only vote |
against this whole bill; but if it carries, I will think
it due to the commercial community here, at least,
to reestablish those banks with those kinds of
conditions annexed to them.
I do not believe that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] is acting wisely. I am satisfied
that there is nothing better that can be done by
us, than the passage of this bill as it is reported.
We not only relieve this community from shin-
plasters, but set an example to the country of that
kind of legislation which shall crush them. I do
not believe that anything better can be done than
that. I think that the movement of the gentleman
from Ohio is a mistake, and must fail. If it suc-
ceeds, it will, in all probability, bring about the
reestablishment of the whole shinplaster system.
If this thing is done, I shall feel bound, as 1 said
before, to offer an amendment of the character I
have already indicated. For the purpose of giving
this notice I have risen, and to say distinctly that
I shall vote against the whole bill, unless the
amendment of the gentleman is defeated, or some
such amendment is adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER. The honorable gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] suggests two evils,
m the consequence of the adoption of my amend-
ment. One is, the concentrating upon this Dis-
trict the paper issues of the surrounding States.
Another is, the possibility that we will have the
old banks reincorporated with an eternity of
charters, for the purpose of furnishing the cur-
rency in this District. If we were to exchange the
ephemeral trash now circulating in this District,
for the currency of surrounding States, in my ,
judgment it would be undoubtedly better than '
20
the present state of things. Those banks have
some responsibility to their local creators, and the
business community in which they are created
have a guardianship that furnishes some guarantee
of their solvency. That guardianship is totally
wanting in these banks m this District, which
base their operations upon a " higher law."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, here interposed
a remark, which was wholly inaudible to the rc-
porteis.
Mr. CARTTER. No doubt there are honor-
able men among them, and no doubt there are
trustworthy banks among them, but it is equally
true that a vast majority of them are bankrupt
and fraudulent, and the misfortune of the case is,
that under this licentious mode of treating them,
you give character and credit to the rogues among
them.
But I turn to the gentleman's second proposi-
tion—for I have but five minutes—the threat that
we shall be doomed to a resurrection of the old
banks, under perpetual charters. Why, Mr.
Chairman, that would be as much preferable to
the present mode of banking here, as are the re-
strictions of law preferable to open licentiousness.
When you incorporate a bank, you hold some
kind of restraint upon it. You undertake to be
the guardians, by law, of the security of the pub-
lic. You hold the bankers responsible, and cover
the holders of their notes with the shield that an
incorporated bank gives them. Either of the alter-
natives suggested by the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, would be preferable to letting loose this un-
bridled legion of speculators upon credit without
capital unrestrained upon the business of this
community.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. I will withdraw
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment can only
be withdrawn by unanimous consent.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Cabtter's
amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to say a few words
upon this bill, and for that purpose I propose to
amend theamendnientof mycolleague.by inserting
the word " three "in lieu of the word " five, "in the
passage which he has moved to strike out.
Mr. Chairman, I have listened attentively to the
discussion upon this bill, and my attention has
been attracted to the subject by frequent conver-
sations with very intelligent gentlemen of this
District, and I entertain opinions concerning it,
differing somewhat from those which have been
expressed by some of the gentlemen who have
participated in this discussion. I wish here to say
that while my friend and colleague from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] thinks that the circulating medium in
the adjoining States has a more responsible source,
and therefore would be a better circulating medium
for this District than the issues of any local banks,
I think it is imperative upon us, as the only legis-
lators for this District, to look to every interest of
the citizens here, and, as far as we can, to provide
a remedy for every existing evil.
Sir, I have no objection to the suppression of
these " shinplasters," as they are called, and I am
not prepared to say at this moment, that I may
not vote for the bill of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ficklin.] But if the amendment of my
colleague shall be adopted, you will strike a blow
at the circulating medium at present existing here,
and which Congress has tolerated for eight years,
and that, it seems to me, is calculated to do very
great injury to the community. It will inflict a
deep injury upon the community, unless you sub-
stitute—as in my opinion you ought to do—a
proper system of banking in this District. Why
should not it be substituted? Sir, there is not a
State in the Union that has not a system of bank-
ing, or that does not tolerate the issues of bank
paper properly regulated in adjoining States.
You have a population in this District of sixty
or seventy thousand people, who are under the
exclusive guardianship of Congress. The ques-
tion of banking in the District has been agitated
in Congress for many years, in 1S44 you re-
fused to recharter the banks whose charters then
expired. Instead ot granting them a renewal of
their charters properly guarded, so as to place the
citizens ot this District on un equal footing with
the citizens of every other part of the country,
Coiiirress passed an act on the 17th of June, 1844,
entitled " An act to extend the charters of banks
in llie District of Columbia," the intention of
which was merely to give them the privilege of
winding up their concerns. But fiom the force of
circumstances, from necessity, the banks then ex-
isting and in good credit have, under legal advice,
as they were authorized to sue and to be sued,
continued to issue bank notes of the denomina-
tion of five dollars and upwards, which havebefn
received heiein preference to the notes of adjoin-
ing States, and which have been redeemed, as I
understand, whenever presented.
Now, sir, that net of Congress either renews
the charters of those banks, or it does not; and if
it does not, 1 say that Congress is imperatively
called upon now to give the people of tins District
a proper system of banking, that will insure a
proper circulation, not only of five and ten dollar
notes and upwards, but of smaller notes, to be
redeemed in specie. The Legislature of Ohio,"
where the great banking institution of the State
has branches, I believe, to the number of thirty
or forty, and a capital of $6,000,000, has secured
to the note-holders for the last six or eight years
every dollar. By proper regulations by the Le-
gislature of that State, the holders have been se-
cured against all loss.
Sir, 1 can see do difference between authorizing
the banks to issue one, two, and three dollar
notes and authorizing them to issue ten, twenty,
! and one hundred dollar notes. Bjit you must
1 guard the people who hold the notes by legisla-
j! tion. You must guard them by giving the banks
! proper charters.
; Sir, when the proper time conies for me to offer
a substitute for this bill, I sha'l propose the bill
which has been pending for some time in the Sen-
ate; which has been matured after great deliber-
ation, and presented by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Fish,] and which, I understand, in
the opinion of many intelligent gentlemen in this
city, will secure to the people of the District, what
they desire, a proper, legal, authorized system of
banking, and relieve the community from this
spurious currency. If we fail to authorize the
business of banking in the District of Columbia,
and to regulate the issue and circulation of notes
aR money, wc shall fail to do our duty to the peo-
ple of the District for whom we are bound by the
Constitution to legislate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Chairman, the effect of
this bill will be to recognize the legality of the
; issues of the banks in this District. All these
banks once had charters. Their discounts were
limited. Their capital was prescribed. The specie
upon which their issues were based was also pre-
scribed, and, I presume, their notes had to bear a
certain proportion to that specie. Those charters
also required certain publications of their condi-
tion from time to time. Yet, notwithstanding all
these limitations for the protection of the com-
munity, Congress, in 1844, thought proper to re-
fuse to renew the charters of those institutions.
By the act of the 17th of June, 1844, to which the
gentleman from Ohio has just alluded, they were
allowed certain privileges in the courts for the pur-
pose of facilitating the collection of their debts .
One or two of the banks in the District had their
charters extended until 1847; but it was then the
policy of Congress to refuse to permit banks of
issue in this District. The banks have, I am told,
under legal advice, continued their operations in
consequence of the absence of any law prohibiting
banking within the District. So that while Con-
gress, in 1844, determined against the policy of
banking here, the law which was passed at that
time repealing the institutions, or refusing to ex-
tend their charters, has been so construed as to
> allow every man or association of men in the Dis-
