306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
trict to carry on the business of banking without
any of those wholesome restrictions which the
gurroundms: States have imposed upon like corpo-
rations. Sir, if the effect of the passage of this
bill, and the adoption of the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] should be
to bring into the District, in place of the present
notes, those that are issued from Maryland and
from the State of Virginia, there will at least be
some guarantee in those States that the notes are
good.
In the State of Virginia, and I presume in the
State of Maryland, accounts are required to be
rendered by the banks to the Legislature. The
amount of issues, as compared with their capital,
is limited. The amount of loans and discounts, as
compared with their issues, is limited, and their
issues are made to bear a certain proportion to the
specie in hand. Here we have no such guarantees.
There is not a bank in this city which iS required
to render any account of its transactions; and
while I do not mean to say—because I do not
know it—that they have done anything improper,
yet why should we, by the passage of this bill
■without the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, thus indirectly admit the authority of every
man in the District of Columbia to do that which
is not permitted by any State in this Union.
There are now laws in the State of New York,
which laws have been in part adopted by other
States in the Union, allowing any man to bank
upon certain conditions. Those conditions are
'such as will secure the community against frauds
and improper issues. But here there is no secur-
ity. Sir, if it be the wish of Congress to allow
banking corporations to exist here at all, let a bill
be reported imposing certain restrictions and lim-
itations, and prescribing the amount of capital, so
as to protect the community from what may here-
after be done, if it has not been done already.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (interrupting.)
The ingenuity of the gentleman's remarks de-
mands a word at this point. I call the attention
of the committee to his position. He does not say
that any wrong has been perpetrated by these
bankers, but in order to prevent the possibility of
any wrong being committed by them hereafter, he
would force the people of this District to take
nothing else but the paper of adjoining States,
which is now at a discount, drive out the paper of
thi3 District, which is at par, and break down the
banking institutions of the District.
Mr. MEADE. I say, sir, that these banks are
without any restriction, and without any control;
and however properly they may have acted here-
tofore, we have no security whatever for the future.
Why, did not an individual 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be withdrawn
by unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. I object to its withdrawal.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] moved
to strike out the clause, " in a less amount, or of
a less denomination than five dollars." The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor] moves to strike
out the word " five" in that clause, and to insert
"three." The Chair thinks, in the ordinary
course of amendment, it is in order to perfect the
clause before it is stricken out, and that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Taylor]
is therefore an amendment in the first degree.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment, then, by striking out "three " and insert-
ing " six."
Mr. Chairman, the firrt question which should
demand the attention of the committee is, whether 1
the complaints which have been made here are
well founded or not. Have you had here a spu-
rious circulation of small notes or not? There
can be no difference of opinion upon that ques-
tion. We have not only suffered m the District
of Columbia from them, but they have suffered
in all the States of the Union. And I am very de-
sirous, for one, that we should correct this abuse
perpetrated by the banking institutions of this
citv.
But I beg this committee.in correcting these evils i
which have been so much complained of, not to go 1
too far. And let me here tell my friend from Ohio, ;!
| [Mr. Cartter,] as well as my friend from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Freeman,] in whose democracy I
have the greatest confidence, that the time has gone
by, if it ever existed, when we can bring this Gov-
ernment or country to a purely metallic currency.
Now, sir, I am desirous to see the small note cur-
rency in the District of Columbia suppressed. But
we are here to legislate for the people of this Dis-
trict as the State Legislatures legislate for the peo-
ple of the respective Slates. And upon this sub-
ject we ought to deal out the same even-handed
justice to the people of this District that is dealt
out to the people of the several States. The State of
Virginia, which I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent upon the floor of this House, has a set of banks
that will compare favorably with the banks of any
State in the Union. The gentleman [Mr. Free-
man] was mistaken the other day when he sup-
posed the banks of Virginia all suspended payment
in 1837. They did not all suspend payment. And
unlike the banks in Mississippi, those in Virginia
which did suspend payment, without exception,
shortly thereafter resumed specie payment. And
I tell this committee that the banks of Virginia
are now ready to redeem every dollar they have
issued.
But we have a law upon our statute-books which
precludes the issue, by the Virginia banks, of any
notes under the denomination of five dollars; and
the consequence is, that the State is inundated with
small notes from all the States of the Union. We
have them from Kentucky, Tennessee, North Car-
olina, and Maryland, in thousands. Now, if you
wish to correct this evil, you must prohibit the
circulation of small notes within the limits of the
District.
And, sir, I would recommend another thing.
Let Congress raise the value of specie so as to
prevent its exportation from the country, and that
will do much towards remedyingthe evil. It will
not answer for gentlemen to tell me at this day,
and in this age of progress, that this Government
is to go back to a purely metallic currency. And
here 1 take occasion, once for all, to say to those
gentlemen with whom I am proud to associate
as Democrats, that this idea of a purely metallic
currency is an exploded idea. It is an abandoned
humbug. You cannot get along without bai.ks,
and I hold that the people of the District of Co-
lumbia need their banks just as much as the peo-
ple of any State in the Union. I would deal out
the same justice to the people of Washington that
I would to the people of Virginia. Let the com-
mittee remember the fact, that when you came
forward to put down the great monster bank of
the United States, you were compelled to resort
to the use of local banks, and it was by the use
of local banks that the Government was sustained
against that unconstitutional great British mon-
ster. And are gentlemen now prepared to abandon
these local institutions which saved the country
from the use of that great national institution ? I
trust not. But, Mr. Chairman, I will vote with
great pleasure with my friend from Illinois for
such a bill as shall suppress the small note circu-
tion in this District.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STUART. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia; but I beg
leave to say to the members of this committee, by
way of suggestion, that we are as well prepared to
vote upon these amendments, and upon the bill
itself, now, as we shall be after any amount of
discussion. The question of the worth or worth-
lessness of bank bills in Virginia or Maryland, is
not of much importance in the consideration of this
bill; and if it is, we understand it as well now as
we shall after an hour's discussion. With great
deference, therefore, I suggest that we had better
stop offeringthese amendments,and come directly
to a definitive vote upon the bill itself.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that the gentleman is not speaking in op-
position to the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. McMullin.] The rule requires
the gentleman to speak in opposition to that amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I think it is in opposition to
the argument of the gentleman from Virginia, if
not in opposition to his amendment. I think I am
speaking in order, but I will await the decision of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
tleman is hardly in order.
s Sen-
Mr. STUART. I will only say further, that
in half an lioura motion will be made for the com-
mittee to rise, which will be instantly followed by
a motion to adjourn, and this bill will last another
week, as a special order, to the exclusion of all
the business of the country. I hope the vote will
be taken upon the bill without further debate.
Mr. McMULLIN. If there is no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " three," and in-
serting the word " four."
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] has an
amendment pending to strike out the words " in a
less amount or of a less denomination than five
dollars." The gentleman from Ohio over the way,
[Mr. Taylor,] moved to amend theamendment by
inserting " three " instead of "five;" so that his
amendment is an amendment to the amendment of
his colleague, [Mr. Cartter.] Theamendment
proposed by the gentleman from New Yorkr[Mr.
Sackett,] is therefore an amendment to an amend-
ment to an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair apprehends the
gentleman from Virginia does not state the case
precisely as it is. The Chair will state it as he
understands it, and then decide the point of order.
The motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] was to erase the entire clause " in a less
amount or of a less denomination than five dol-
lars." The amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, on the left of the Chair, [Mr. Taylor,] waa
to perfect the clause before the motion was taken
to strike out the whole clause. He moved to strike
from the clause the word "five"and insertM three,"
which is an amendment in the first degree. The
Chair, therefore, thinks theamendment of the gen-
tleman from New York is in order.
Mr. SACKETT. I have proposed this amend-
ment for the purpose of makiifg a suggestion or
two with regard to this bill. I have prepared a
substitute for this bill which is in conformity with
the views of many gentlemen who have addressed
this committee. I believe that, if there is to be
any banking system in this District at all, we
should have some substantial banking interest
based upon some sort of security to the bill-hold-
ers, depositors, and creditors of the institution. It
is with that view that I have prepared the propo-
sition which I hold in my hand, which I send to
the Clerk's desk and ask to have read by way of
argument, as a portion of my argument.
The Clerk then proceeded to read a portion of
the proposition, when
Mr. HENDRICKS (interrupting) said : I rise
to a point of order. I did not hear the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, but it
strikes me, that if it is in reference to the bill before
the House, it is not in order to read this paper as
a portion of the gentleman's speech. The argu-
ment must be confined to the amendment, as I
understand it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk has not read
far enough for the Chair to determine whether it
is in order or not. The Chair, however, is of opin-
ion that it is not strictly in order.
Mr. SACKETT. I will not insist upon the
reading of it.
The proposition is as follows:
And no individual, association, company, body-corporate
or politic, shall hereafter emit, issue, or utter any bill of
credit, bank note, promissory note, bill of exchange, order,
certificate, or other instrument in writingnf the value, or of
the denomination of five dollars, or of any higher denomina-
tion or value, to lie used as a paper currency or as a circula-
ting medium,either as money,orin lieu of money or of any-
other currency, until such individual, association, company,
body-corporate or politic, shall have deposited with the
Secretary of the Treasury stocks of the United States to
the amount of one hundred thousand dollars at their par
value, to be held by him; first,as a securilv to the bill hold-
ers; second, a* security to the depositors ; third, as security
to the other cieditors ; and lastly, for the benefit of the stock-
holders of such individual, association, company, body cor-
porate or politic.
Sec. 2. The business, books, papers, accounts, debts,
credits, affairs, property and effects of every kind and na-
ture, of every such individual, association, company, body-
corporate or pojiric, shall be at all times subject to the in-
spection, examination, and investigation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, or of such person or persons as he may
appoint for that purpose. And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall cause quarterly examinations to be made of the
book', accounts, debts, credits and affairs of every in-
dividual, association, company, body-corporate or politic
