1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
orcitnred, acting or doing business under this act. And he f
«hail have the power .  r tin* eau^e of insolvency, or inabii
m {•> redeem its circulating notes, or to pa\ its debts and
liabilities, to restrain Mich indiwduoU association, eompa
m, both-corporate or politic, from uttering. emitting, is u-
in* or pa* tng out anv bill of credit, bank note, promisor)
note, bill of exchange, order, certificate, or other instrument
in u riung, and from receu nig an\ deposits, and trom hans-
aetins anv business authorized or by virtue of this act, or
th*i max in anv wav artect its debts or credits.
Si c. When the Secretary of the Treasury shall have
retrained any individual, association company, body-cor
potate or pontic, as contemplated b\ this act, he shall im-
mediate!} appoint a receiver of ihe goods,chattels,property,
credits, and t fleets of the company, individual, or corpora-
tion so restrained, who shall take immediate possession of
all fieir gt o«K chattel*. property, credits, and effects, to be
sold and opposed of, under the direction of the Secretary,
for the benefit, first, of the bill-holders ; second, of the de-
positor*; third, of the other creditors; and lastly, of the
stockholders ol such company, individual, association,
bod> -corporate or politic. And in case of such insolvency, or
inabiht) to pay debts and liability, tlie Secretary shall im-
mediatelv set! and dispose of the stocks deposited by such
individual, association, company, body-corporate or poli-
tic, at public sale, for the highest price he can obtain there-
for. and pay over the proceeds thereof, in the order of
secants specified therein. Any receiver appointed under
this act, may be required to account by anj court having
competent jurisdiction.
Svc.4. Xo individual, association, company, body-cor-
porate or politic, shall emit, issue, or utter bilks of credit,
bank notes, promissorv notes, bills of exchange, orders,
certificates, or other instruments in writing, to be used as a
paper eurrenev, circulating medium, either as money, or
in lieu of money, or in lieu of any other currency, to a
greater amount than the amount of stocks filed by such in-
dividual, association, company, corporation, body-corpo-
rate or politic, at its par value.
Mr. AVERETT. Iam opposed to this amend-
ment, and shall oppose any amendment which
goes into any matter extraneous to the subject-
matter upon which the Committee on the District
of Columbia have been called upon to report. It
is the object of that committee to maintain the
sanctity of the existing laws, and provide addi-
tional and more effective penalties for the punish-
ment of those who violate them in the face of the
law-making authority, and to protect the commu-
nity asainst losses which they are sustaining by
such infraction.
in the attempt to accomplish this object, the
Committee on the District of Columbia may not
have been as happy as they might have been in
the verbiage of their bill. I would be willing to
receive any proposition offered in good faith which
would so improve that verbiage as to make more
certain the object the committee have in view—to
carry out more effectually the object of the Jaw,
which is to put a stop to the swindling operations
of the shinplaster gentry of this District. But, sir,
f feel so indignant at the recklessness with which
the law is violated that I would give them no im-
f unity by any fastidious stickling about verbiage.
would act as a friend of mine did in regard to the
bill to prevent disasters upon steamboats. I asked
him if it was possible that he voted for a bill con-
taining such assumptions and grants of power as |
were to be found in that bill. " Yes," he answered,
" 1 voted fur it the more cheerfully because of its
glaring defects; for it has become necessary to
bring the terrors of law to bear upon the mana-
gers of these steamboats to save the lives of pas-
eengers;and I voted for the bill with moce cheerful-
ness, because of its defects, knowing the necessity
of legislative action upon the subject, and that those
defects would insure the more deliberate action of
Congress upon the subject hereafter." I feel so
in regard to this bill. It may be defective in its
verbiage; but do you mean, on that account, to
defeat the bill?
It has been said here again and again, that by
refusing to prohibit the issuing and circulating of
notes of and above five dollars, we by implication
tolerate and legalize their issue. This I deny, >
because notes under five dollars are by law pro- ;
hibited, while those above five dollars are neither
legalized nor prohibited by existing laws. But,
sir, if you refuse to pass this law, you will in ef-
fect give countenance and impunity to law-break-
ers, who treat you and your laws with contempt.
Do you mean thus to humble the law-making
power? Do you mean to adjourn without doing
anything to punish these law-breakers? without
doing anything to protect the community against
their nefarious transactions? I hope not. Rather
than that, I would swallow the bill whole " blood
raw," bones and all, even if its defects were as
bad as its worst enemies could represent them
to be.
The question was then taken upon the amend- i i
ment offered by Mr. Sackett, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out " three," and
inserting " one hundred." The only objection
urged by gentlemen against the evil which this
bill is intended to remedy, seems to be, that it
is a fraud upon the public to issue or pass one
dollar bills, by which many persons (the pub-
lic generally) are defrauded. Now, if that is the
great objection to the bill, the same objection holds
sood if the bill is a larger one than five dollars.
For my part, I would rather lose a one dollar bill
than a ten dollar bill, and so would any man; and
it is because the penalty is enormous and dispro-
portionate to the offense, that I move to insert
" one hundred." I am not opposed to banking,
nor to small bills myself. I am opposed to the
commission of any frauds upon the public, and as
the banks in this District are not authorized to
issue any bills at all, I am entirely opposed to
recognizing their authority to issue five dollar
bills, or larger ones, by enacting that they shall not
issue any paper under the denomination of five
dollars. That is one of my objections to this
bill, and because its penalties are so enormous, so
disproportioned to the offense, that I shall vote
against it. Another reason why I oppose this
bill is, because it is so outrageous in all its terms,
its pains and penalties, that the public would dis-
regard it. It would be violated in this or in any
other community, constantly.
In the State which I have the honor, in part, to
represent, we have a law similar to this, and it
has more than a dozen times been presented by the
grand juries of different counties, as a nuisance
per se, and it has been disregarded by the courts,
jurors, and citizens generally, and ought to be de-
spised, and it would be so treated in this District,
or in any other State.Territory, ordistrict ofcoun-
try, where the penalty for its violation was im-
prisonment in the penitentiary for not less than
ten days, nor more than one year, and a fine of
, not less than one hundred, nor more than Jive hun-
i dred dollars. The minimum is too large, and there
I is no fitness in the different provisions of the bill.
It is perhaps right to prevent the issue of small
bills, and large ones too, by unincorporated and
irresponsible banks. But, if it be wrong to issue
one dollar bills, then certainly it is wrong to#issue
bills larger than one dollar. It seems so to" me.
If you would make a penalty of five dollars for
! issuing bills under the denomination of five dol-
lars, to be collected in a summary manner before
a justice of the peace, I would nave no objection
to it, if the people desire it. But if every man in
this District were to come here and ask for the pas-
sage of this bill, I should feel bound to oppose it
upon principles of humanity—upon common jus-
tice.
There is no gentleman but would revolt at the j
idea of seeing a man, ignorant of the law, perhaps,
mulcted in a fine of #500, and imprisoned not less
than ten days for the offense of passing, in the
market here, a one dollar bill, for the purpose of
buying bread for his family.
Sir, this bill ought not to pass in this shape and
form, and I know that the Democratic portion of
this House will not sustain such a cruel and unjust
law as this; and I appeal to the Democracy, of
which I am a component part, and in fact a con-
siderable part, [laughter] 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I think this bill ought not ;
to pass in its present shape. It seems to me that it
is extremely crude in its provisions, and that,
practically, it will be almost impossible to en- :
force it. And I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe,] (
for I think it would be easier to prepare a substi- ■
tute for the whole bill, than to attempt by amend-
ments to make it what it should be.
It will be impossible, Mr. Chairman, to make
any bill for the suppression of small notes in the
District, effectual. Small bills will be circulated
here. The necessity for them will be so great, so
urgent, that it will be impossible, practically, by
any law that we can pass, to prevent their circu-
lation. Every one will went to use them, and
every one will use them, and consequently, any
attempt we shall make to prohibit their use, by
the passage of a law of this kind, will beineffect-
U8Mr. FREEMAN, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man says that there is a great necessity for small
bills. I ask the gentleman if the necessity for
small bills is not created by the absence of spe-
cie?
Mr. WASHBURN. No matter from what it
arises; there will be convenience in their use, spe-
cie or no specie.
Mr. FREEMAN. One more question. Do
not small bills drive specie out of circulation, and
would not that defeat your own object?
Mr. WASHBURN. They would to some ex-
tent, no doubt; but I cannot yield the five minutes
allowed me, to the interruptions of the gentleman
from Mississippi.
I believe the best thing we can do, would be to
adopt, in lieu of this bill, something like the sub-
stitute proposed by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sackett,] something similarto the free bank-
ing law of his State. If a company of individ-
uals, or any corporation, in this city, orin George-
town, should desire to engage in banking, they
might be authorized to do so, by filing with the
Secretary of the Treasury, or with the Treasurer
of the corporation of Washington orGeorgetown,
or such other officer as might be designated,
#50,000, or $100,000, or such other sum within
the limits fixed by law, as they should elect, of
the stocks of the United States—for I would have
no other stocks as a basis for their issues—and re-
ceive from the Treasurer, or the officer appointed
for the purpose, bills of the denomination of one,
two, three, five, fifty, or one hundred dollars,
countersigned by the officer with whom they are
deposited, and duly registered in amount equal to
the stock deposited.
I believe that, in the way indicated by the gen-
tleman from New York, those bills might be put
into circulation with safety to the community.
There should be, of course, a provision that those
bills should be redeemed in specie, and if not re-
deemed within a certain number of days, (not ex-
ceeding ten or fifteen days, perhaps,) that the
stock should be sold at auction, and the bills re-
deemed with the proceeds. In that way, Mr.
Chairman, there would be a circulation within the
District which would be redeemable in specie upon
demand. And as to its soundness, and the safety
of the public, there could be no doubt whatever.
It seems to me that the way in which we can
have a currency which will be sound and re-
liable, will not be by attempting to abolish small
bills and leaving untouched the issues of larger
bills by these irresponsible shinplaster concerns.
You may legislate from this time henceforward,
and pile up statute upon statute, and penalties
upon penalties, and they will not be regarded.
Such enactments have not bern regarded in any
of the States where the experiment has been tried,
and they will not be regarded here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr.Howe,and it was notagreed
to.
Mr. NABERS here obtained the floor.
Mr. POLK. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi,! wish to ask the gentle-
man from Maine a question. I chanced to be
passing through Illinois some time ago, and I re-
ceived in change some small bills—signed, I
believe, by the gentleman himself, [Mr. Wash-
burn]—coming from the Hallowell Bank, if I
remember aright. Some people said that they
were good, and others, that they did not know
where the place was, where they were issued.
Mr. WASHBURN. By whom were the bills
signed ?
Mr. POLK. By you.
Mr. WASHBURN. Certainly not by me.
Mr. POLK. By what Washburn, then?
Mr. WASHBURN. I never signed bank bills
in my life.
Mr. POLK. Then I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Campbell] whom they were signed
by, for it was in his district that I saw the bills ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. The gentleman
appeals to me in relation to those bills. I will say
that I was very familiar with the bills of the Hal-
lowell Bank.
Mr. TAYLOR, (interrupting.) I would ask
the Chair to state the question pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is upon the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Nabebs,] to
erase the word " three" and insert " twenty."
