1853.
THJS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
the relief of David Myerle," reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, and upon which the gen- ,
tleninn from Kentucky [Mr. Bubcmnridge] is
entitled to the floor,
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE took the floor and i
was addressing the House upon the merits of the
bill, when—
OBITUARY.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Assort Dickins, its Secretary, announcing
proverbial. His name will be found recorded in
nearly every vote for the ten years, and rarely, if
ever, has he given a vote which did not meet the
approbation of a majority of the people of his
adopted State.
He was entirely above intrigue in politics, as
well as the ordinary business of life._ He would
have looked upon the highest place in the gift of
the Government, or people, obtained by such
means, as a mere post of degradation.
I have enjoyed the pleasure of his acquaintance,
and I think friendship, for many years. During
the death of William Ufham, late a member of both aessions of this Congress, I have sat with
that body, with resolutions thereon. j ■ -• - • •• • *
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the ,
House that the message be now read? i
There being no objection, the message frugi the j
Senate was read. [
Mr. MINER rose and said: Mr. Speaker, it1
becomes my painful duty to announce to this House
the death of a representative from my State, in
the other Hall of this Capitol.
The honorable William Ufham, a Senator from
Vermont, died at his lodgings in this city yester-
day, the 14th instant, at a quarter before two
o'clock in the afternoon, in the sixty-first year of
his age.
Within a few brief months, this is the third
member of that honorable body who has been
called to take his final exit from the stage of life.
A Clay, a Whitcomb, and now the lamented sub-
ject of my remarks. Truly, position, honor,great-
ness, are no shield against death. The learned and
the wise—he of place and power must also die.
This is the first time, I believe, that Vermont,
the eldest daughter of the Republic, has lost a ,
Senator in Congress. She has in former years :
been called upon to mourn the loss of a Maflory, !
a Hunt, ana a Deming—all of whom died in !
while occupying seats in this
him at the same table. But his last meal is taken,
and the worm is ready to sup upon all that re-
mains of the noble-minded Senator.
But, Mr. Speaker, how little is there of the
great and good man that is consigned to the tomb ?
The shroud and the vault conceal the body from
our vision, but the memory of good deeds and
great actions live on, and will remain fresh and
green forever!
Mr. Upham was taken sick on Wednesday, the
5th instant; he had the best of medical advice and
attendance from the beginning. His accomplished
and devoted wife was with him the last three days
of his life. All was done that could be done to
make smooth his dying pillow.
Let us commend the heart-stricken widow, and
the bereaved family, to the teachings of Him who
doeth all things well, and who alone can heal the
bruised heart, and calm the whirlwind of grief in
the afflicted soul.
Let these frequent admonitions, so solemn and
awful, find a deep place in our hearts, who yet
remain behind.
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolutions:
Raohed, That this Home baa heard, with deep sensi-
bility, the announcement of the death of the Hon. William
Upham, a Senator in Congress from the State of Vermont.
n   v    - r . tk.
?uick succession while occupying
louse But the " grim messenger" has never en- , Resolved, That as a tesumony of respect for the memory
,  .■ „«• i,-- l„„ ! of the deceased, the members and officers of this House
tered the other Chamberto strike one of her non- w^n wear the uhuri bfuive of mnninin? for thirtv davs.
ored members; Senator Upham was his first victim
there.
Seven members of this Congress—three Sena-
ton and four Representatives, and also one head
of a Department, have died since the commence-
ment of the first session; six of whom were from
the Eastern States. New England has indeed
drank deep from the cup of mortality within the
past year. Some of the purest and most massive
pillars which supported the temple of her great-
ness hare given way and fallen, but still the struc-
ture stands unmoved, towering aloft in all its
brightness and wonted splendor! One generation
passes, and another takes its place. The world
moves on, our Government and institutions re-
main ! Other Websters, and Uphams, and Ran-
touls, and Thompsons, and Fowlers, and An-
drewses, will take the places of those departed, and
all will be well!
Mr. Upham was born at Leicester, Massachu-
setts, in August, 1792. He removed with his father
to Montpelier, Vermont, when only ten years of
age, where he has ever since resided. He entered
the University of Vermont, at Burlington, while
▼ery young. After left that institution, he
studied the profession of law, and commenced
practice before he had arrived at full age.
He soon became eminent in his profession; be-
ing located at the capital, his professional 'servi-
ces were much sought for in all the courts, and
many of the counties in the State. He made the
practice of his profession his only business, until
he took his place in the United States Senate, in ,
December, 1843. During all that period, I am
not aware that he was ever accused of a dishon- ;
orable act in his profession. I believe his universal j
reputation to have been that of strict integrity,
not only in his professional practice, but in all his
dealings with the world.
. He was several times a member of the State
Legislature, but had little to do with political life,
till he was elected,to the place he has now left va-
cant.
This was his tenth session, as a member of the
United States Senate. During the whole of that
time, he has never been out of this District while
Congress was in session, and never absent from j
theSenate a single day, unless prevented from at-
tending by actual'sickness. Probably as much .
can be said of but few members of that body, or t
this. His strict attention, and familiar knowledge !,
with all the business of legislation, had become li
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House, in relation
to the death of the Hon. William Ufham, be communi-
cated to his family by the Clerk.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mr. MEACHAM. I have just received a qote
from my colleague, (Mr. Bartlett,*) the imme-
diate representative of our deceased Senator, sta-
ting that on account of sickness, he will not be able
to be present and take a part in these exercises.
1 therefore rise to second the motion which has
been made, but not to add anything in regard to
the character or history of the deceased. My col-
league, (Mr. Miner,) from his personal and his
professional intercourse at home, and from his
social intimacy with the deceased Senator and his
family while here, has been peculiarly qualified to
discharge this duty, which he has done faithfully
and fully.
The remark, in regard to the number of per-
sons who have died during' the present Congress,
has brought to my mind a comparison which I
have been accustomed to make, without any de-
tailed examination of facts, as to the mortality of
eminent men in the first two or three years of the
decade commencing in 1840, and the onfe com-
mencing in 1850; and especially of the eminent
men who have been connected with the Govern-
ment of the United States.
In the first^of these there was the loss of an un-
usual number of members of this House; in the
latter one, an unusual number of the members of
the Senate, and of the most eminent men ever con-
nected with that body, following the general-rule,
which I believe is an universal rule in the history
of the world, that great men come and go in schools.
* The following is the note alluded to in the above re-
n rk8: r
, January 15,1853.
Dear Sib: I did intend to address the House upon the
death of my late distinguished colleague in the Senate, but
Indisposition will prevent my being in my seat to day. The
announcement of the decease of the Hon. William Upham
comes to us as another admonition, warning us that in the
midst of life we are in death. J J .
Our late colleague, whose death we now deplore, did not
have the benefit of an early education, but by his energy,
force of character, and talents of a high order, he attained
the highest distinction at the bar, and the elevated position
he held at his decease. In his death I have lost a friend.
Vermont has lost a son, who held a strong position in the
affections of her people.
I have the honor to be, most respectfully, yours,
1 ° . THOMAS BARTLETT, Jr.
Hon. James Mkacham, Hwe of ReprettnitU-wu.
In both of these cases we have lost, I believe,
two Judges of the Supreme Court. In each of
them we nave lost two eminentSecretariesofState.
In both of them we have lost a President of the
United States. In the former period we lost an
acting Vice President, and I trust in God the par-
allel will not be completed.
During both of these periods there has scarce
been a department of the Government that has not
sent on its representative to the congregation of
the dead; and now in this latter period, while the
death-knell is pealing all over the land, it has
reached and startled the people of my own State,
in announcing the death, sudden and unexpected,
of one of her Senators in Congress.
I do not propose, as I before stated, to speak of
the merits, the character, or the history of the
dead; but I would, if it were possible, convey to
a family, an esteemed and worthy family—a
worthy wife and worthy children—some consola-
tion in this peculiar and trying affliction.
I believe it is common for every one, when they
are tried by affliction, to say, " There are no sor-
rows like unto my sorrows." But there are pe-
culiar circumstances connected with this case which
all will deem afflictive.
There have been very different sentiments among
different nations in regard to the treatment they
should give to the remains of the dead. At one
time an effort was made to embalm the dead, in
order to preserve every feature, every lingering
lineamentof the countenance, as it was when living.
At another, the exact reverse of this was pursued,
and instead of attempting to preserve the feature or
form, even, they have burned the body, and urned
only the ashes for preservation.
The sentiment of our Saxon race is entirely dif-
ferent from either. Their sentiment and their
tf isb is, that when the family die, they may be
gathered together in one group, in the same grave-
yard; and whether it may be in a marble tomb
above, or in the peaceful and powerful grave beneath
the ground, that they may lie, side by side, where
only " a few feet of sullen earth divides each wind-
ing sheet."
It is in accordance with sentiments known to B«
universal, that Congress has so often, and I believe
so justly, sent an escort of its own members to the
home of affectionate relatives with the remains of
the departed associate. It is for this cause that
you see so many of those mute and graveless mon-
uments in your Congressional burying-ground.
This, I deem it, is the educated craving of our
nature. We need it, and we must have it; and
notwithstanding the disposition of the American
branch of this race to roam over the world, they
never lose, in any part of that world, this strong
feeling, as if it were the instinct of nature. I be-
lieve at this hour that there is many an American,
smitten with disease on a foreign soil, who is lift-
ing up his only prayer to the Eternal that he may
return to his home, not simply to die in the bosom
of his family, but that, with that family, he may
, be buried in the bosom of his own church-yard.
This is the wish not only of the dying, but those
who survive them wish the remains of their friends
near them, that they may drop a tear, that they
may plant a flower, atid that they may rear a mon-
ument over the grave of the dead.
I have no doubt that many a mother, whose
sailor boy, wrapped in the flag of his country, had
a burial at feea, would be willing to spend the re-
mainder of her days raking the bed of that ocean,
if she might only bring up the remains of her bov,
and bury them with hers in a common church-
yard. _ *
Now, it is the lack of this peculiar consolation,
craved by all of our natures, of which this family
is at present deprived. They must return to their
home—to their home that is desolate, and must
return alone. That father and that husband can*
not accompany them, either dead or living.
And ere they depart from this place to their dis-
tant home, I wish to convey to them my own,
and may not I add, I may convey to the bosom of
that afflicted fhmily, the sympathy of every mem-
ber of this body ?
1 have nothing further to add, but that it seenw
to me that the mere mention of the past, and the
rapidity with which the harvest has been garnered
into the grave, should remind us that our end ia
hastening, and may soon be here, and caH upon
everyone tq inquire, who ofusu shall pay Death's
tribute the coming year?"
