318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 17,
members from a particular section of the country
to assist them, I would rather tud them in per-
fecting their measures than kill them with side-
blows ami sale-thrusts.
1 appeal, then, to my fVietid to come forward
with his amendments. If tie thinks too large a
quantity of land is given within the States, let him
propose to applv some of it to a portion of the
territory across the desert prairies. Let him pro-
pose to do that; and if he accomplishes it, give us
his vote for the measure.
S.r, this is a great and glorious work, and it is
one which the exigencies of the country now call
for. The sufferings sustained by the men, women,
and children, who crossed that desert prairie du-
ring the past summer, appeal loudly to the Senate
and to the country foraid, so far as the Government
can give it, in doling out its miserable acres for the
construction of such a road as this. It is a pro-
ject that has been long and earnestly pressed upon
the country, and one which I think should not be
much longer delayed, or allowed to be put off, and
receive the go-by.
I did not expect, when I came into the Senate
to-day, to utter a word on the subject,and I should
not have done so, but for the unfair and insidious
side-blows which have been aimed at this proposi-
tion by the honorable Senator from Maine.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am not accustomed to
hear, in this body, such remarks as have fallen
from the Senator from Iowa, in which he spoke
of unfair and insidious measures to defeat this bill.
Sir, the Senator was not authorized by anything
that I said to use such language.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I used
the language in a parliamentary sense, and I tell
that gentleman I am authorized to use any lan-
guage I please, in a parliamentary sense.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cath-
cart in 'he chair.) The Senator will preserve
order.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I used the language in
a parliamentary sense only.
Mr. BRADBURY. I care not where a man is
accountable for the language he uses. I repeat, .
there was nothing that I said which warranted the
use of any such language; nor was the Senator
authorized to use the expressions which he first
uttered, when he said I need not announce my
fears of any incidental benefits to certain States.
He should have known that, to discuss subjects
fairly, he was bound to state fairly the remarks of
his antagonist—if he chose to select me as such.
Did 1 say anything about any incidental benefits
to certain States? I said no such thing. I did
not allude to any benefits to any State. I spoke
with a feeling of kindness, and with a view to do
justice to the bill of the honorable Senator from
California. I stated the objections which pre-
sented themselves to my mind, to wit: the giving
land to the States which would be necessary to
carry the road through the Territories, for the pur-
pose of having them obviated, and to aid the road,
and for no sinister purpose whatever; and the
Senate will bear me witness that 1 reiterated that
point. It was forthis object that I wished a portion
of that land reserved in the States for necessary
use for the road beyond their limits. I argued
the bill gave too much to the States; not that
1 begrudged it to them, but because I deemed
that identical land necessary to the success of the
great enterprise which I sustained. What au-
thority, then, had the Senator for arraigning my
motives ? My motives, sir, are as pure as those of
that Senator. I have found it necessary to vote
against certain bills presented here which met the
favor of the Senator from Iowa, and he deems it
suitable to arraign me for it. Sir, I had a right to
vote as I did.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise to interrupt the
Senator, because he does me very great injustice
in saying that I arraigned his motives. I arraign I
thein not. I ascribed no improper motives to him :
but fni'hfulty depicted that inveterate and deadly
hostility which he has ever shown to every west-
ern measure that has presented itself in this Hall
since 1 have been a member of the body. I do
not say that he has been actuated by improper
motives. I do not say that he has not represented
faithfully and truly the community whom it is his
doty to represent here. I have made no such dec-
laration. But, sir. I avowed mv personal respect,
and even my kindness for the Senator, and I gave
him and others warning that I should fight for my
1 section of the country and for its interests as thor-
oughly as he will fight for his and against ours.
Mr. BRADBURY. The honorable Senator
should have confined himself to what I said when
he undertook to reply. If he chose to answer my
positions, why did he not state them fairly ? It is
but the refuge of weakness to build up n man of
straw, and then to brush it down; and it is but the
refuge of weakness to assume for an opponent po-
sitions which he never proposed to occupy, and
then undertake to demolish those assumed posi-
tions. Is there not enough in the bill, that the Sen-
ator must sep out of it, and not discuss the subject
before the Senate: Is not this bill capable of being
sustained upon its merits? 1 venture to say that
the honorable Senator from California will find
something to say upon them. I heard not a re-
mark in the able speech which he addressed to
the Senate three days ago that departed from the
legitimate course of discussion. It is only this
attempt to overawe, this weak attempt to assail
motives—for it comes to that 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Maine
is out of order. Any remark of a personal char-
acter is out of order.
Mr. BRADBURY. I was no further personal
than was the honorable Senator from Iowa, to
whom I am replying. I am replying to personal
remarks thrown out, I must say, from an unex-
pected quarter, and I have endeavored to confine
myself to the legitimate course of reply necessary
to repel the attack which the Senator from Iowa
undertook to make.
He assails me for the votes which I have given
on former occasions upon bills making grants of
land for railroads in certain of the States. This
he deems an act of hostility, deadly hostility, to
the West. Now, sir, I am ready to defend my
votes upon these, as I am upon all questions upon
which I am called upon to act. 1 voted against
these bills because I did not approve of them. I
thought they did not come within the principle
upon which they were advocated. I thought the
public domain belonged to all the States, and that
1 it was my duty to see that all had their iust share
of it. " ;
I could not justify myself in aiding in a course
that appeared to me was leading to a seizure of j
the whole by a portion of the States, to the exclu-
sion of the rest. The principle upon which these
grants were urged was, that the United States, as
a p-udent proprietor, could wisely make grants of
alternate sections on each side of a railroad, inas
much as it would receive a full equivalent in the
increased price of the sections reserved. I have
ever been ready to vote for any bill that came
fairly, in my judgment, within this principle.
But the bills alluded to violated this principle, as
I felt constrained to believe.
Grants were professed to be made of alternate
sections for six miles each side of a road. For
such grants I could vote. But in fact, this was not
the proposition contained in these bills. The land
along the proposed road had frequently been
sold, so that the grant went beyond the six miles
to make up the deficiency, or in some cases would i
cover the reserved sections of former grants, so '
that the Government had not sufficient remaining
land to receive the benefit which a prudent pro-
prietor should secure to himself in making such
donations. Nor was I alone in my convictions or
my course on these questions. I could not trifle
with rights of my constituents to please any one.
I will say to the Senator from Iowa, in regard to
one of the proposed roads through his own State,
that when the bill was under consideration, I was
personally appealed to by citizens of that State to
resist the grant. They represented that they had '
invested their property on the bank of the Missis-
sippi—that they had made large expenditures to
avail themselves of the advantages of their loca-
tion, and built plank roads into the interior to se-
cure a just share of its trade—and that now it was
proposed that the Government should step in and
construct a thoroughfare to some extent parallel
with that river, thus cutting them off from the
country, and sweeping the trade by them which
would otherwise come to them. It did appear to
me to be an unnecessary act of interposition of the '[
Government, but from high personal regard to ■
the honoraltle Senator from that State, who sits
on the other side of the Chamber, [Mr. Jones,] I
forbore to interpose in this matter. j
So much in reply to the strange course of re- 11
I mark in which the Senator from Iowa has seen
; fit to indulge.
I hope we may not lose sight of the great en-
terprise contemplated by the bill of the Senator
from California in this personal and irrelevant
discussion which has been forced upon me.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied from the debate
which has already occurred in this body that there
is no progress being made tow ards the construc-
tion of this road, but that, on the contrary, we are
further from it than when we commenced. Three
or four different projects are suggested, and in-
stead of pushing uniformly for one, it seems we
are to have an incidental fight as to which is the
best of the three or four proposed. Now, I want
to suggest to the friends of this measure whether
they cannot contrive some general proposition
that shall test the sense of the Senate upon one
or the other of these plans, or put them in such a
way that the sense of the Senate may be tested
upon the merits of the main question, and not
have our whole time wasted in a collateral discus-
sion as to which is the best mode.
I avow myself friendly to the measure, and
to almost any kind of a measure; that is to say,
I want the best; and if I cannot get the best, I
want the second best; and if I cannot get that, I
am willing to take the third best; and I do not
know but that I would go further than that and
go lower down. I am in favor of almost any-
thing that is practicable, to get the road. There
is another measure to which the Senator from
Iowa alluded in connection with this bill, and that
is the homestead bill. 1 have despaired of that.
Mr. BORLAND. You need not.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from
Maine says that this bill is run out wherever there
are votes. I apprehend that is entirely accidental,
and that it runs over land, and that men live on
the land and they vote, and the fact that it runs
where there are votes is one of the merest accidents
that could not, by any possibility, be prevented.
It is one of those adjuncts and concomitants that
happen; it is one of the contingencies of progress,
that is all. But I do hope that those who have this
measure most peculiarly at heart, because they
reside in the section of the country in which it is
to operate, will put their heads together and pre-
sent some general question to us, and not have this
guerrilla fight about three or four different propo-
sitions which are contending for the mastery.
This is a great scheme. It involves the expend-
iture of hundreds of millions of dollars, and it
would be exceedingly strange if a hundred millions
of dollars, in land or money, were to be disbursed
in this country, and there were to be no private
interests connected with it. I have no doubt that
there are vast private interests connected with this
measure; that immense private fortunes are to be
made out of it. I do not know in what direction
they will fall, and I am entirely indifferent as to
that, for I do not see any immediate prospect of
any of them coming as far east as New Hamp-
shire. I do not think that the clouds betoken a
shower in that direction; but that there will be
immense private interests connected with it, is one
of those contingencies that cftnnot be winked out
of sight, and we cannot help it. But I would
suggest to the Senator from California, who has
this bill in hand, that wedispense, for the present,
with this sort of guerrilla warfare, and that there
be some proposition made—let it not be filled with
details—upon which we may test the sense of the
Senate, whether they will proceed with one pro-
ject or another. I think when that is done, and
the Senate shall have once indicated the general
measure they will adopt, there will be no great
difficulty with the details. I merely make this as
a suggestion.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I apprehended the
other day that we should find thisobjection thrown
in the face of those who were in favor of a meas-
ure of this description, soon after we should ap-
proach a serious discussion upon its details. The
honorable Senator from New Hampshire says we
are going into a wide debate, a guerrilla sort of war-
fare, not connected with any distinct proposition
that the mind of the Senate can grasp, or that
we are likely to have an opportunity of making
up our minds very readily in relation to. He
suggests that some course be adopted by which
time may be saved—I suppose that is the meaning
of the Senator—and we may do something prac-
tical. I understand that to be his proposition.
