324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
refers require I lint the statue shall represent Wash-
ii .*ti>n clothed mi the old Roman toga. Now, we
do" not w.i.it any such statue, ar.il consequently
the bill should be revised. If we are to have an
eqties'rmn statue of Washington, let us have one
with the Continental uniform. 1 hope the House
wi'l not pass the lull in its present form.
Mr. DEAN. The bill does not provide for that.
I am as much opposed to placing ancient drapery
irion modern statuary as the gentleman can be.
Tne language of this bill is purposely chosen to
allow the artist to use hisowti judgment in every-
thing, if he " substantially " carries into effect
the object of the resolutions of the Congress of
1783, which provide for the erection of an eques-
trian status of Washington.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] is not de-
batable.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion temporarily,
in order to ask the Speaker a question. If my
motion prevails, and the rule is suspended, it will
be competent for all these explanations to be made
then, will it not >
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ORR. Then I renew my motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Orr's motion,
and it was agreed to.
So the 131st rule was suspended.
Mr. DEAN. I now withdraw my motion to
refer the bill to a select committee, and move to
put it upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. Is the motion to refer the bill
to the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
withdrawn?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. DEAN. I did not intend saying a word
on my motion to refer this bill, but as the question
upon its passage is unexpectedly before us, and
there seems to be some misapprehension, I desire
to say to the House that this bill does not require
that Washington shall be in the Roman costume,
nor does it m any manner anticipate or fetter the
better judgment of the artist. Its object is merely
to carry out substantially the resolutions passed in
1783. They, it is true, recommend the Roman
dress. The Continental uniform is by its associa-
tions endeared to the American people, and it is
proper that Washington should be thus repre-
sented. There is another particular in which I
have departed from the resolutions, and in this I
know I shall be sustained by the unanimous voice
of the whole nation. Those resolutions require
that the statue shall be executed by one of the best
European artists. I have especially provided in
this bill, that the President of the United States
Shall employ Clark Mills, the American artist,
who, self-taught, has recently accomplished what
has never been achieved by man before. And I,
sir, as an American, feel proud of my country,
and trust that to-day the American Congress will
by its action show that true genius is here appre-
ciated and properly rewarded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from New York.
I think the bill would be improved if he would
strike out the words "the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds,"and direct the President
of the United States to designate the position in
the public grounds which the statue shall occupy.
It is a committee of this House, arid the Senate
might not agree to it.
Mr. DEAN. I will modify the bill as the gen-
tleman suggests. I am not tenacious of the form;
I only seek to secure the object.
The modification was accordingly made.
Mr. SWEETSER. I ask that the resolutions
of 1763 may be read.
1 he SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DEAN. I will read them as a part of my
remarks.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York to allow me to offer an
amendment at this point, that it may be voted
upon by the House. It is as follows:
■Jhid be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to contract 1
witii Hiram Powers for the purchase of an emblematic '
stain* of America, after the model as designed by said
Powers, the co-t not to exceed the sum of twenty thousand '
dollars, to be placed in some suitable position in the Capi-
tol, to be designated by said President; and that the sum of
twenty thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro- 1
printed from the Treasury, out of any money not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. DEAN. I cannot yitld to the gentleman
for that purpose, for I am opposed to all omnibus
arrangements in legislation.
Mr. VENABLE, (Mr. Dean yielding the floor.)
By the courtesy of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Deav,] 1 would suggest that the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton-]
be not accepted. Clark Mills, an American who
never sought a foreign shore for education, but
following the light of his own genius, 1ms at one
step reached the top round of the ladder of fame.
An orphan, with nothing but the trade of a mill-
wright, he went from New York to South Carolina
to seek his fortune. There he adopted the trade
of a plasterer, and by the strength of that will
which has secured his renown, he determined to
seek fame as a sculptor. Taught by a kind and
distinguished friend, that his impulses were really
those of genius, and that alone, he, amidst all the
discouragements which usually beset the path of
adventurers, has for four years struggled against
all that brings despair toothers; he has achieved,
in the execution of the equestrian statue of An-
drew Jackson, a master-piece of art which will be
the admiration of the world. I trust that no other
name shall be introduced into this bill; but that
Clark Mills, the self-educated American sculptor,
who stands amongst the first artists of the world,
shall be selected by the American Congress to ex-
ecute an equestrian statue of George Washington,
one of the greatest men who has ever lived.
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, however much I
might desire to address the House upon this sub-
ject, in which my feelings are really very much in-
terested, I will not abuse the courtesy extended to
me on this occasion, by detaining the House long-
er, except to say those resolutions were passed in
1783, unanimously, on the report of a committee,
consisting of Lee, Ellsworth, and Mifflin—names
eminent among our early statesmen. Measures
were immediately taken, through Mr. Jefferson,
at that time our Minister at Versailles, to erect the
statue. The work was suspended for want of
funds, the debt of the Revolution then pressing
heavily upon the country. But now, sir, in my
judgment, the hour has arrived when action on
this subject should be resumed, and I trust that
this Congress will carry out the object of the res-
olutions by employing the same artist to perpetu-
ate the lineaments of Washington in his uniform,
who has given immortality to the form and fea-
tures of the Hero of New Orleans.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man from New York will yield the floor for a
moment, I will suggest that I think it is much
better that the House should not pass this bill
hastily. I think it is better that it should be re-
ferred; and if the gentleman will yield me the
floor for that purpose, I will move that it be re-
ferred to a select committee for examination.
There are some restrictions in the bill which may
be proper and may not, I cannot judge. For in-
stance, there is a restriction that the bill shall carry
out the resolution of 1783.
Mr. DEAN. It is to carry out substantially
the resolution of 1783.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, to carry out sub-
stantially the resolution of 1783. There is another
restriction which provides that the Committee on
the Public Buildings or the President of the Uni-
ted States shall select the location for the statue.
I think it would be much better that each State in
the Union should have a voice in this selection. I
hope, therefore, the gentleman will allow a motion
to be mad e to refer the bill to a committee of thirty-
one, to be composed of one from each State in the
Union. Let that committee be appointed, and let
them have the whole matter before them, and give
them leave to report at any time. If they agree to
leave it to the President to say where the location
of the monument shall be, I will not object; but let
them report it at least, so that each State shall
have a voice in determining the question whether
it be to leave the location to the President or to
provide some other way. There is no necessity
for proceeding hastily. The committee will have
power to report at any time, and the bill can be
passed without difficulty.
Mr. DEAN. There are but few weeks of the
session left, and I think we had better pass the bill
now. Every member must be prepared to vote.
I rnoft therefore move the previous question.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to ask the gentleman
I' from New York [Mr. Dean] to have the resolu-
' tion of 1783, to which this bill refers, rend.
Mr. DEAN. I have those proceedings before
me, and I have no objection to their being read;
indeed, 1 promised to read them as a portion of
my remarks, and will send them to the Clerk for
that purpose.
They were read by the Clerk, as follows:
From the Journal of Congress, Jnsust 7, 1783.
On motion by Mr. A. Lee, seconded by Mr. Bland.
Resolred, (unanimously, ten States being present,) That
an equestrian statue of General Washington be erected at
the phiee where tile residence of Congress be established.
On the report of a committee, consisting of Mr. A. Lee,
Mr. Ellsworth, and Mr. Mitflin. appointed to prepare n plan
ot an equestrian statue of the Commander-in-Chief—
Resolved, That the statue be of bronze. The General to
be represented in n Roman dress, holding a truncheon in
his right hand, and his head encircled with a laurel wreath.
The statue to be supported by a marble pedestal on which
are to he represented, in basso relievo, the following prin-
cipal events of the war, in which General Washington com-
manded in person, vi? : The cvacuationof rioston. Tin*
ture of the Hessians at Trenton, the battle of Princeton,
the action of Monmouth, and the surrender of York. On
the upper part ol the front of the pedesjal to be enslaved
as follows: "The United States of Arnica, in Congress
assembled, ordered tins statue to be erected in the year of
our Lord 17K1, in honor of General Washington, the illus-
trious Commander-in-Chief of the Armies of the lrintcd
States of America during the war which vindicated and
secured their liberty, sovereignty, and independence."
Resolved, That a statue conformable to the above plan be
exf cuted by the be*t artist in Europe, under the superintend-
ence of the Minister of the United States at the Court of
Versailles; and that money to defray the expenses of the
same be furnished from the Treasury of the United States.
Resolved, That the Secretary ot Congress transmit to the
Minister of the United States at theCourt of Versaillesthe
best resemblance of General Washington to be procured,
that a suitable statue be erected, together with the fullest
description of the events which are to be the subject of the
previous resolutions.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. At the suggestion of
many members around me, I ask the gentleman
| from New York to withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill. The
bill contemplates the erection of an equestrian
( statue of General Washington according to the
plan suggested by the resolution of 1783. Now,
the American people never will consent to have
another statue of General Washington erected in
the Roman costume, or in any other than the Con-
tinental costume. 1 hope the gentleman will with-
i draw his call for the previous question, and allow
it to be so amended as to obviate that objection.
Mr. DEAN. At the suggestion of several gen-
tlemen, I have modified the bill in a manner that
will, I think, obviate the gentleman's objections.
I Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I should be glad to
hear the bill as modified.
Mr. DEAN. I have modified the title so as to
read:
A bill to erect, at the capital of the nation, an equestrian
statue of Washington.
The bill will then read:
Be it enacted, That the sum of $50,000 is hereby appro-
priated, to enable the President of the United States to em-
ploy Clark Mills to erect at the city of Washington a co-
lossal equestrian statue of General Washington, at such
place in said city as shall be designated by the President of
the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I now call the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the previous
question should be sustained, would not the ques-
tion upon the reference of the bill first come up ?
" The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained, it would then be in order to refer the
bill at any time before it had been ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. STEPHENS. But would not the question
to refer be the pending question ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer can
; hardly be considered as having been made, the
gentleman from New York having only yielded
the floor for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 understood the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dean,] to move himself to
refer the bill; and if the previous question be sus-
' tained, I ask if that would not be the question
pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York did move to refer the bill, but afterwards
withdrew the motion, and called the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then, will not the gehtle-
man withdraw his call, and allow me to move to
refer the bill, so that there may be a vote upon its
reference?
Mr. DEAN. I must insist upon my demand
for the previous question.
