326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
of 1849, that resolution of construction should be '
referred to in this bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not recollect specifically
the resolution referred to. I have examined all
these acts and resolutions, and know the fact that
widows, whose husbands have died of disease con-
tracted while in service, were not provided for until
the act of 1848-'9 and the resolution to which the
gentleman refers, and they are not yet provided
for, except as we allow them pensions by special
acts. There is no general act allowing the widows
of soldiers who die of disease in any other than
the Mexican war, a half-pay pension.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Alahamanpon
my left [Mr. Cobb] has prepari d a proviso which,
I suppose, will embrace the class of persons who
we suppose are not included in the present bill,
and I will yield him the floor for the purpose of
introducing it.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment to
the bill, to come in at the end of it, as I am satisfied
that such an amendment is necessary.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Provided further. That the provisions of this act be ex-
tended to the widows and orphans of the officers and sol-
diers of the war of 1612 and of the Florida war.
Air. COBB. Mr. Speaker, a year ago I offered
a similar amendment to a bill then pending to cover
the widows and orphans of all of the officers and
soldiers who served in the war of 1812 and the
Florida war. Twenty-five members then arose
in their places and told me that there were acts
already in force to accomplish the object I had in
view. I assured them there were not. 1 had a
case referred to one of the Departments for inves-
tigation. It was investigated, and the result con-
firmed my statement. The letter I received from
the Third Auditor of the Treasury Department
was referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and they have now ready to report to the
House a bill amply providing for the individuals
I have alluded to. It is obvious to all that they
have but little chance to report during the present
Congress; and unless my amendment is now |
adopted, the meritorious class of officers and sol- '
diers to whom we all desire to do justice would go J
unprovided for. A large majority of members (■
believe that they are provided for now; but I re- !
peat that they are not. The Department, after
investigation, says that they are not. If it is de-
sired by any member, I will send to the Clerk's j
desk, to be read, the letter of the Third Auditor 1
of the Treasury.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. "Who do you
wish to provide for? ,
Mr. COBB. The widows and orphans of the
officers and soldiers who served in the war of
1812 and the Florida war.
Mr. STEPHENS. Why not make the pro-
visions of the bill general ?
Mr. COBB. My amendment does make the
bill general.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to in-
quire of the Chair whether the bill I hold in my
hand will be in order as an amendment to the one
under consideration. I have had this bill in my
possession for many months past in order to re-
port it to the House. It is for the relief of the
widows and relatives of certain officers and sea-
men of the United States brig Washington, lost
overboard in a hurricane. I presume, according
to the rules of the House, that it would not be ad-
missible as an amendment to this bill. I hope
that the House will allow me to report it some
time or other. It ought to pass.
Mr. ORR. The amendment which the gentle-
man has offered embraces the entire class of per-
sons which, we suppose, are omitted to be pro-
vided for by this bill. It is as perfect now as we
can expect to get it, and being in favor of its pas-
sage, I now call for the previous question.
Mr. COBB. I ask that a letter from the Com-
missioner of Pensions, confirming the statement I
have made, be read.
Arkansas. I object.
_Mr. HENN. As the bill now reads, its pro-
visions would not extend towards those who died
prior to its passage. The proviso reads:
" Provided, however, rncase of the death or marriage of
years™ expiration of the said term of five
That is the live years to come. I propose to
insert the words "heretofore or," so that it will
read
Provided, however, That in case of the death or marriage
of tht' said widow, heretofore or belore the expiration of
said term of live years.
Mr. ORR. I suspect that will be a material
change of the principle upon which the bill is
framed, and I should not like to venture it.
Mr. HENN. Notatall.
Mr. ORR. I should like to accommodate the
gentleman, but I cannot withdraw the call for the
previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cobb, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be read a
third time be reconsidered. I desire only to say
a word upon the bill. My impression is that the
provisions of this bill will extend five years' half
pay to the widows and orphans of the officers
and soldiers who served in the late war with Great
Britain, the Florida war, and the other Indian
wars, as well as the late war with Mexico. The
distinguishing feature between the law granting
half pay pensions to the widows and orphans of
those who were engaged in the military service of
the country prior to the Mexican war, and the
bill under consideration is this: The widows and
orphans of those who were engaged in the wars
prior to the late war with Mexico were entitled to
a pension if the husband fell in battle, died after
their discharge of wounds received in battle, or
died of disease contracted in the service before
they reached home.
Now, sir, no matter what the disease was, if it
were contracted in the service, and he reached
home one hour before his death, his widow could
not, and cannot at this time, get the half-pay pen-
sion for five years. Under the law granting half-
pay pensions to the widows and orphans of those
who were engaged in the war with Mexico, they
are entitled to half pay for five years, if the officers
or soldiers fell in battle, died in the military service
while in the line of their duty, or if they died of
wounds received, or disease contracted, in that
war after they reached home. If they die of dis-
ease now which they contracted in Mexico, their
widows will be entitled to five years' half pay; but
if an officer or soldier died of disease contracted
in the swamps of Florida whilst in the service of
the country, his widow and children would not be
entitled to it. General Armistead, for the relief of
whose widow an act passed this morning, died of
disease contracted while in the service during the
war with the Seminoles. He did not die until
some time after he reached home, and consequently
his widow could not be pensioned under the gen-
eral laws of the land. Now, sir, the widow and
orphans of every officer and soldier who died of
disease contracted in any of the wars prior to that
with Mexico after reaching home, are not entitled
to any pension. I think it is doubtful whether
this bill will extend it towards them or not. It
extends the act of 1848, which gave pensions to
the widows of those who served in the Mexican
war. It also extends the act of 1836, which was
an extension of the act of 1818, and neither of
these acts gave half-pay pension, unless they died
before reaching home
Mr. PORTER. It extends the act of 1849
also.
Mr. JONES. I do not think any gave a pen-
sion, unless they died before reaching home, ex-
cept the act of 1848.
Mr. COBB. They do not. The matter has
been investigated by the Departments.
Mr. JONES. And that act alone embraced
those who had served in the Mexican war. This
bill does not enlarge the other acts. It merely puts
those who were engaged in the wars prior to that
with Mexico upon the same footing as those who
were engaged in that war.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and the motion to lay
upon the table was agreed to.
The bill was read a third time.
Mr. ORR. I call for the previous question on
thepassage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. ORR. I move that the vote hy which the
bill was passed be reconsidered, and that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter morion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to submit a
report from the Committee on Indian Affairs on
the memorial of the chiefs of the Muscogee and
Creek Indians.
There was no objection, and the report was made,
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
OGLETHORPE BARRACKS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House for leave to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a joint resolu-
tion passed by the Senate last session in relation
to the transfer of the Oglethorpe barracks.
There was no objection, and
Mr. GORMAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back Senate resolution to
surrender the site of the old Oglethorpe barracks
to the City Council of Savannah, Georgia.
The resolution was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. STEPHENS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The call forthe previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and being read a third tiftie, it was passed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL DEFENSES.
Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion. I wish it, however, to be understood by
the House, to obviate any objection which may
otherwise be made to it, that 1 desire to offer it,
have it read at the Clerk's desk, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in order that
gentlemen may have, hereafter, a chance to parti-
cipate in the debate to which it will give rise:
Resolved, That a sum of $10,000,000 be set apart, out of
any funds in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and
be placed at the disposal of the President, for the purpose of
enabling lnm, during the recess of Congress, lo meet such
exigencies as may arise out of those momentous subjects
connected with the present slate of the foreign relations of
this country with the other Powers of the earth, so liable,
on account of their character and complexity, to present
themselves from hour to hour for practical unit immediate
consideration.
! Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move, then, to suspend
the rules. I would like to be distinctly under-
stood. I should be glad that another rule be sus-
pended, which generally prevails, so that the
House could act intelligently in regard to the ques-
tion which I desire to bring before it. I wish it
to be distinctly understood that I do not intend to
put this resolution upon its passage now, but to
move simply that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and that that committee
may have the privilege to report at any time they
think proper. This course is consistent, I believe,
with the practice and the rules of the House.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would make
an inquiry of the Chair. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dean] asked, this morning, to
introduce a bill for the purpose of reference, and
it was afterwards acted upon. If this is intro-
duced, would it not be competent for the House
to pass it?
The SPEAKER. Certainly. The Chair trusts
that the House will indulge the gentleman in brief
explanations. Debate is not in order, as gentle-
men are aware.
Mr. POLK. He merely wishes its introduc-
tion for the purpose of reference.
Mr. MARSHALL. ] gave gentlemen the as-
surance that I intended not to say one word upon
the subject now, but to move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
My word should be sufficient.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have full reliance upon
the gentleman's word. Some gentlemen might,
however, place the resolution beyond the gentle-
man's control, and force the House to action
upon it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Every person who is op-
