328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 17,
I move to suspend the rules
Let us understand what the
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 96, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs'. Abererombie, Willis Allen, John Ap-
pletoii, Ashe, Babcock, Thomas H. liajly, Bartlett, Dell,
Bennett, Bibighaus, Roeock, Breckinridge, Brfnton, Briggs,
Bu«by, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman,
Clubtain. Clark, Clinginati,Conger, Cullom, Curtis, Darby,
George T. Davis, Dean, Disnev, Durkee, Eastman, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gavlord,
Gilrnore, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow, Hascall, Hcnn,
Hibbard, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, James Johnson,
John Johnson, Kurtz, Landry, Little, Loekhart, Mace,
McLanahan, McNair, Millson, Molony, Henry 0. Moore,
John Moore, Murray, Nabers, Olds, tirr, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Price, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robbins, Kobie, Russell, Savage, Schermer-
hora, Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour,
Skelton, Frederick P. Stanton, St. Martin, Stratton,
Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Thurston, Towns-
hend, Venable, Walbridge, Walsh, Wells, Wilcox, Wil-
liams, and Yates—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, William
Appleton, Averett, Beale, Bowie, Bragg, Brooks, Burrows,
Caldwell, Cobb, John G. Davis, Doty, Duncan, Dunham,
Evans, Fay, Gamble, Giddings, Goodenow, Hall, Ham-
mond, Tsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hen-
dricks, Horsford, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe, Ives,
An -ew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Pres-
ton iv,ng, Kuhns, Letcher, Martin, Mc llilllin, Meacham,
Mi'J'T, Morehead, Murphy, Newton, Outlaw, Penniman,
Pre;,ton, Reed, Ross, Sackett, Scudder, Scurry, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander J!. Stephens, Tay-
lor, Toombs, Tuck, Wallace, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
and W oodward—65.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
COLONEL JAMES H. CREECY.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House be
. discharge# from the further consideration of Senate bill
No. 276, entitled " A bill for the relief of Colonel James R.
Creecy."
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. SAVAGE. *
for that purpose.
Mr. STUART.
bill is.
Mr. SAVAGE. It is a bill for the relief of
Colonel Creecy, who was authorized by General
Gaines to raise a regiment of soldiers in the late
war with Mexico, and who was discharged by an
order of the War Department 
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a question of or-
der Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask permission of the House
to make a brief statement of the facts of this case.
Several Members. "Object."
Mr. STUART. Read the bill.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides that the
sum of $552 50 be paid out of the Treasury to
Colonel James R. Creecy, in consideration of
money expended and services rendered by him in
racing a regiment for the Mexican war.
rr. SAVAGE. I hope gentlemen will hear a
short statement, and then I think the bill will be
passed without difficulty.
Mr. GOODENOW. I would not object but
for the fact that there is a multitude of equally
meritorious bills upon the Speaker's table, some ;
of which I have been vainly trying to get up. I <
therefore feel bound to object. [
The question was then taken on Mr. Savage's
inotion to suspend the rules, and it was not agreed !
to. !
BOUNTY LANDS. 1
Mr. BELL. I ask leave to introduce a bill j
making further provisions for granting bounty
lands to those who have been engaged in wars in
the service of the United States.
If it is objected to I will ask a suspension of
the rules. I desire to introduce it simply for ref- I
Mr.DUNCAN. I object. '
Mr. BELL. Is it in order to move to have the
bill read ?
The SPEAKER.
unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object to the read-
ing-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that this
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment, in order to allow the Chair to present some
estimates which I understand have come in this
morning, and have them referred.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. E WING. I rise to a question of order. I
That can only be done by
| want to know how the gentleman from Tennessee
1 came by the floor when it was occupied by another
gentleman ? A dozen of us here have been scream-
ing at the top of our voices, and have not been
able to obtain the ear of the Speaker to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has only mistaken the rules of the House
upon that subject. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bell] could not retain the floor.
Mr. EWING. I merely desired to know how
the gentleman from Tennessee obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moved to suspend the rules for a certain purpose,
but that not being a debatable question, he could
not retain the floor. The gentleman from Ten-
i: nessee [Mr. Jones] then moved to adjourn;
| which motion is in order at any time, and which
| motion he had a right to make. Is it the unani-
| mous opinion of this body that the communications
1 upon the Speaker's table be taken up and dis-
posed of?
Several Members objected.  
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I desire to know
what became of the motion of my colleague to ad-
journ ?
The SPEAKER. It was withdrawn. The
question now is upon suspending the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the question upon sus-
pending the rules for the purpose of taking up the
communications upon the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. It is to suspend the rales for
the purpose of introducing a certain bill.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I renew the motion
to adjourn.
The question was put,, and the motion was
agreed to; and the House thereupon adjourned till
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorial, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts: The petition of Ban-
croft Fowler and 43 other citizens of Stockbridge, Massa-
chusetts, for measures for the establishment of a system of
umpirage in disputes between nations.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The petition of Thomas B. Til-
den, of Philadelphia, submitting Mitchell's Universal Atlas,
recently published (edition of 1853) by Tboaias Cowper-
thwaite &. Co., and soliciting Congress to order such anum-
ber of copies as they may deem proper.
By Mr. BOYD, of Kentucky: The memorial of William
H. Chase, major of engineer^, praying that the office of lieu-
tenant general may not be created; that no increase in any
branch of the military establishment be authorized; and
that a board be organized to insure greater efficiency in the
Army.
1 By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of D. W.
! Johnson and 610 others, citizens of Mississippi, praying for
the removal of the land office from Augusta to Shieldsboro',
in that State.
By Mr. ABERCROMBIE: Two petitions of Moses W.
Collins and others, citizens of Pike, Coffee, Barbour, Dale,
and Henry counties, State of Alabama, asking Congress to
remove the land office from its present site—the town of
Sparta—to the town of Elba, the county seat of Coffee.
By Mr. FAULKNER: The petition of Michael E. Price
and 315 others, citizens of the county of Jefferson, State of
Virginia, complaining of the reduction of the appropriation
for the manufacture of arms at the National Armories, and
praying that the appropriation may be increased to its usual
amount.
Also, the petition of John Snider and John Avis, and 104
others, citizens of the county of Jefferson, State of Virginia,
for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of Charles Johnson and 13 others, citi-
zens of Jefferson county, Virginia, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of James W. Simpson and 12 others,
citizens of Jefferson county, Virginia, for the same pur-
pose.
Also, the petitioh of George B. Stephenson, John Avis,
and 14 others, citizens of Jefferson county, Virginia, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of the clerks employed in the National
Armory at Harper's Ferry, praying an increase in their
compensation.
By Mr. SWEETSER: The petition of Jacob Little and
52 others, citizens of Granville, Licking county, Ohio, in
favor of determining national controversies without recourse
to war.
By Mr. BOCOCK: The petition of John D. Hitt, askiBg
Congress to take measures to test his invention for prevent-
ing the explosion of steam-boilers.
By Mr. WASHBURN : The petition of John Pierce and
others, children of the late Luther Pierce, of Solon, Maine,
for remuneration lor the services and expenses of their
father in the late war with Great Britain, and for a pension
to Martha Pierce, widow of said Lather.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 18, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a memorial of the American Philosophical
Society, at Philadelphia, signed by the President,
Vice President, and Secretaries of the society,
praying that an appropriation may be made for
the support of a scientific corps in connection with
an expedition which it is proposed to equip for
renewing the search after Sir John Franklin, in
the Arctic seas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
! tion of Sarah Bruster and Wrena Howard, of
Tennessee, praying that the bounty land act of
! March, 1852, may be extended to the widows and
j minor heirs of soldiers embraced in that act; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of Nancy
D. Holker, of Virginia, by her agent, Holker
Hughes, praying Congress to repay a sum of money
loaned by her husband, John Holker, to Con-
gress, during the revolutionary war, in Continen-
tal money, at such rate as was then allowed for
the said currency in gold or silver; which was
i referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have been requested
to present the petition of Robert Perry. He states
in his petition, that he had a claim against the
Government, and has been some twenty or thirty
years trying to get it settled. He got his money
recently from the Department, and he thinks the
Government ought to allow him interest upon his
claim, as it would not pay him sooner, and he had
been trying to get it for a long time. I move that
the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. FOOT. I hold in my hand a petition nu-
merously signed by citizens of the town of Cas-
tleton, in Vermont, deploring the evils of war, and
suggesting the propriety of settling disputes be-
tween nations by arbitration. They petition Con-
gress to take such action as they shall deem best
to secure in our treaties with other nations, a pro-
vision for referring to the decision of umpires, all
misunderstandings which cannot be satisfactorily
adjusted by amicable negotiation. I ask that the
petition be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. RUSK submitted an additional document
in relation to the claim of James Myer; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Maine, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Brooks to Bangor, in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Iowa, asking for a grant of
land to aid in constructing a railroad from Du-
buque, on the Mississippi river, to a point on the
Missouri river, at or near Kanesville, in the county
of Pottawatomie, by the way of FortDes Moines.
The memorialists represent that justice to the in-
terests and enterprise of the increasing population
of the State of Iowa demands a liberal and foster-
ing policy in the exercise of the proprietary rights
of the General Government, and they therefore
pray that an appropriation of land, in alternate
sections equal to six sections per mile, be granted
for the above purpose; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, in favor of a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Burlington and Iveo-
kuck, to some convenient point of junction north-
east of the Des Moines river; thence to a point on
the Missouri river, at or near the mouth of the
Platte river; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, in favor of a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from McGregor's Land-
ing to a point on the Missouri river, at or near the
mouth of the Big Sioux river; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, in favor of a donation of Fort Atkinson, and
the lands attached thereto, for a State Normal
Manual Labor and Military Institute; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Edward Johnstone, judge
of Lee county, Iowa, praying that certain money
expended by the county for the benefit of the
United States may be refunded, and that the
county may be allowed an equivalent for the quar-
ter section of land to which it was entitled by law
