832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Jan, 18,
•ft all. There never 1ms been a call for pay, and
the fact of delay is no objection to the claim, and
we have the right to apply to this case the prin-
ciples of sound discretion.
Mr. WILLIAMS, (interrupting.) I would say
that we have before this Congress all the facta
which, by any possibility, could have been before
the Congress in which the contest took place. It
is record evidence, and does not depend upon the
memory of any one. The faets are all upon the
record.
Mr. McMULLIN. I feel called upon to op-
pose the motion now pending. I think the policy
about being adopted by the House, to say the least
of it, is dangerous, if not injurious, to the country.
Now, let me ask my friend from Ohio, [Mr. New-
ton,] who thinks that Mr. Taliaferro is entitled to
this claim upon principles of equity and justice, if
he knows that Mr. Taliaferro is now holding un-
der our Government an office which is almost a
sinecure, and the duties of which I very much
doubt whether he is able to discharge? Such is
the fact, and I think the policy proposed by this
bill is a bad poliey. j
Mr. NEWTON. It is true that he holds, an
office, but the proceeds thereof are insufficient to
furnish him daily bread, and on that account be
asks this additional sum, to which he is justly en-
titled, according to the practice and poliey long
since established by the House.
Mr. STANLY. The question of nay friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] is, is it not right for
the same Congress, before which the contest was
had, and which decided the claim, to pass upon
the question of pay? It would be better; bat we
know how difficult it is, under the rules of the
House, to reach matters which even a majority of
the membera of the House are in favor of. Be-
sides, we have this session just passed two cases, j
which this Congress did not decide—the cases of '
Littell and Wright. I commend the vigilance of i
my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] with which
he watches the Treasury; but sometimes he loves
economy " not wisely but too well." I appreciate
that stern integrity of his which will not yield to
any solicitations, from any party, to induce him
to do what he feels to be wrong. But if he will
examine to see the precedents which we have to
fallow in this case, and ask his own heart if this
is not right, I should net have occasion to say
another word.
The facts are, that Mr. Taliaferro's case stands
Kkt that of the others. The facts are, that he was
a man of fortune, and did not like to come forward
and ask for the money; and should the lapse of
thirty or forty years be a bar to an honest claim ?
I remember him, as I remember others, mingling
amongst us, setting a good example by gentle-
manly deportment, by an incorruptible life, and
by attention to business, and I appreciate the del-
icacy which made him postpone the claim.
I hope my friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
will not do bimself the injustice of opposing it. I
know he desires, as we all desire, when we shall
have been separated and dispersed from this Hall,
to have some little pleasant things to look back
upon, wherein we have done justice to those who
were entitled to it. This will be one of them.
Mr. Taliaferro is an honorable man, and he is en-
titled to this money at our hands. Let us appre-
ciate the delicacy which marked his course in the
past, and do this act of tardy justice to him.
Mr. STUART. When I called up this ques<
tion, 1 was desirous that the gentleman from 
sachusetts [Mr. Davis] might say whatever he
deemed proper in addition to what he stated the
other day, and that the House would be brought
to a vote,
I do not mean to continue -the discussion now.
I mean only to state two or three proportions
which have actuated and will actuate me in regard
to this question. Then I intend to move to lay
the motion to reconsidy upon the table.
While I would not plead the statute oflimitation
against any just claim, yet I would say, that if a
member of this House had Allowed the question
of his right to pay to sleep .for forty years, it
would be prima facie evidence thath« ought not to
receive it, because he has had the power every
single session since to have that right presented
and acted upon.
But, sir, I think I can look back to the time when
(his question was considered by Congress, and see
tmuom which would have impelled me to vote
against it. One of these reasons is this: a major-
ity of the votes of his constituency were against
him in both cases. He contested the seat of his
opponent, not upon the ground that he had not
received a majority of the votes—aot upon the
ground that there were not veritable men who had
given them—but because the technical laws of
Virginia, in regard to the competency of voters,
made some of them illegal. Now, while I cheer-
to fix the qualifications of its own voters, yet I do
say, that acting upon a question where equity is
concerned, 1 should be very slow to pay the man
who cornea here and claims a seat, when a major-
ity of his people had voted against him.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the gentleman
to take the ground, that where the majority given
is made up of illegal votes, then the candidate
ought not to come to this House and contest the
seat?
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman had taken
pains to listen to me, I think he could not have
misunderstood me.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, I suggest to the gentleman
that he is mistaken as to the question of facts.
Mr. STUART. Then the committee which re-
ported this case were mistaken themselves; for
they do say, and the facts of this case are, that
Mr. Taliaferro claimed his seat, and in one instance
succeeded in obtaining it, upon the ground that
certain votes given for his competitor were not en-
titled to vote according to the laws of Virginia.
In the case for which they now call upon us to
pay him, he did not succeed in obtaining his seat.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to ask the gentleman,
again, if he means to say, that it is wrong for a
man to come to this House and claim a seat on
this floor, upon the ground that the majority of
votes against him was made up of votes which
were illegal ?
Mr. STUART. I mean to say this—and I
speak but for myself—that it is legally right, but
honorably wrong. I say that a man should not
come to this House, where a majority of his peo-
consentto consume the time of the House any
longer, and therefore move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table, was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 71; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, WHKs Allen, Averett,
Bartleu, Besle, Bragg, Briggi, Burt, Busby, Joseph Cable,
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Ctrtter, Chastafn, Clark,
Clemens, Cobb, Conger, Cullora, Curtis, Dawson, Dean,
Dimmick, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmuodson,
Faulkner, Ficklin, Gaylord, Gorman, Green, Hamilton,.
Isbam 6. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Horsford,
Houston, Howard, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher,
t, McLanahan, MoMullia, Meade, Millson, Mq-
, Peaslee,
pie had actually voted against him, and where the
canvassers had given a certificate against him
simply upon a technical ground as to the qualifies'
tion of the voters. I adopt the maxim of Benja-
min Franklin: a man to-day is not a voter, but be
buys* jackass, and to-morrow he is. "Who votes,
the man or the jackass ? That is the language of
Dr. Franklin, and it is a sentiment I concur in.
And while I say I would give him a seat, acting
here as judge—and I would feel myself compelled
to give him a seat, if he made out his case—yet
if his case, urged upon that principle were reject-
ed, I would not pay him. He came here in this
instance, and showed to the House of Represent-
ative his case, and they determined that these ille-
gal votes were not given for his competitor. We
have paid him for the cases where they gave him
his seat. They rejected him in this case, where
he was contesting upon an ignoble ground; and I
will never pay him.
Mr. DAV IS. I would ask the gentleman's per-
mission to allow me to propound a question to
him, as he intends to move that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I yield to the gentleman; but
I dislike very much to consume the time of the
House upon this question.
Mr. DAVIS. Suppose Mr. Taliaferro's com-
petitor had been willing to owe his seat to illegal
votes, and suppose that Mr. Taliaferro had been
unwilling to enter into any such controversy, non
eonstat, it is not certain, if both went into contro-
versy, that Mr. Taliaferro might not have outran
him as to illegal votes. The House can know
nothing about that. I suggest to the gentleman
that he is going to give a premium to the man who
resorts to illegal votes.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman from Mas-
saclrosetts had investigated this case with an in-
dustry equal to the zeal with which he advocates
it, he would not have asked me the question he
has. I repeat again, that the facts of this case
show that the House of Representatives, who con-
sidered the question of the contested seat, rejected
Mr. Taliaferro. They determined that these ille-
gal votes were not given to his competitor. The
proposition now is to pay a man for contesting a
seat whielkhe failed to secure. Now, I repeat that
the House.paid him the other day for the case in
which he succeeded. I will not, Mr. Speaker,
Lockhart,
lony, Mnrehead, Murphy, Murray', Nabers, Orr, P
Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Richardson, Bobbins, Ro^
bit, Kobinson, Russell, Scurry, Skelton, Smith, Sqow,
Stratum, Stuart, Sweetser, Thurston, Townshend, Veaa-
ble, Wilcox, Wildriek, and Woodward—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Thomas H. Bayly, Bar-
Rre, Bennett, Bibighaus, Brenton, Albert G. Brown,
George'H. Brown, Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Cnskie,
Chapman, Cottman, ' Darby, George T. Davis, Disney,
Dockery, Doty, Grans, Fay, Florence, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Giddings, Gilmore, Hammond, Harper, Sampson W,
Harris, Haws, Hascall, Henn, John W. Howe, Thoman Y.
. How, Ingeraoll, Jackson, George G. King, Kuhns, Landry,
LiUle,M nn, Marshall, Martin, McNair, Meach am. Miller,
Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Newton, Outlaw,
Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Porter, Price, Sack-
ett, Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stroth-
er, Sutherland, Taylor, Tuck, Wol bridge, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, and Williams—71.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon th?
table.
CHARLES JARED INGERSOLL.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It will be remembered by
members, that some days ago, whilst the House
was considering reports from the Committee on
Elections, the chairman of that committee (now ab-
sent) reported the case of Charles J. Ingersoll, of
Pennsylvania, and that when the House was about
dividing, the yeas and nays were ordered, and that
the House then adjourned. As no notice previ-
ous to the adjournment was made to recommit the
bill, it has been given the go-by. Now, inas-
much as a vote will settle this question, and save
much trouble, I hope that, by general consent, the
Houss will permit it to be taken.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that course be objected
to, 1 hope that objection will not be made to the
recommital of the resolution to the Committee on
Elections, with instructions to modify it. It may
then be again reported, and probably acted upon
during this session.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object.
The SPEAKER. If there be no further reports
from the Committee on Elections, reports are in
order from the Committee on Ways and Means.
CLERK TO THE WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. HOUSTON. Iam instructed,.Mr. Speaker,
by the Committee on Ways and Means, tp report
to the House the following resolution:
Rctolcei, That the Committee on Ways and Mean* be
authorized to employ a clerk for the present session, at tba
usual rate of compensation,to commence with this session.
Mr. McMULLIN. I inquire of the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means whether
they have jiot employed,a clerk?
Mr. HOUSTON. A clerk has been in the en&r
ploy of the committee; and that resolution was
directed to be made many weeks since.
Mr. GOODENO W. I demand the yeas «n^
nays on the adoption of the resolution. .
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resold"
tion was adopted.
BRANCH MINT OF THE tTNITED STAGES.
Mr. BROOKS. I hold in myhhnd '*a bill to
establish a branch ^lint of the United States in
the city ofNew York," which I am instructed by
the Committee ,pn Ways and Means to report to
the House.
The bill was read by its title.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is that the first reading of
the bill?
The SPEAKER. So the Chair is informed by
the Clerk.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand that the first
reading of the bill is for information.
