1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. CHANDLER. I then rise to object to
the second reading of the bill, and I do that upon
the pound 
The SPEAKER. The question will be, then,
Shall the bill be rejected ?
Mr. CHANDLER. With the Speaker* pep-
mission, I will state the reasons why I have inter-
posed objection to the second reading of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I hare not yielded the floor,
and I should like to know how the gentleman gets
it to make the objection he has.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will remember that we have a rule Which
authorizes objection to the second reading of a
bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I wish to make an
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor to the gentleman from
Virginia?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do, if he wishes to make
an explanation.
M. BAYLY. I wish to inquire if it be in or-
der to move to refer the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order until
the bill has received its second reading. The
116th rale of the House is as follows:
•• The first reading of a bin shall be for information, and,
if opposition he made to il, the question shall be, " Shall
Ibis bill be rejectedIf no opposition be made, or if the
qaeatiea to nject he aegatived, the hilt shall go to its second
reading without a question."
The question, then, will be on the rejection of
the bill.
Mr. BRIGQS. Would it be in order, in the
present condition of the bill, and before the expi-
ration of the morning hour, to move its recommit-
tal to the Committee on Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER- It will not be in order to
recommit the biH until it baa received its second
reading. The gentleman from Pennsylvania ob-
jects to its second reading, and tl  question now
ia, Shall the bill be rejected ?
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a tjoMinn of or-
der. Is the question of the rejection of the bill
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to the
opinion that it is not,
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise, Mr. Speaker, with
bo view of debating the question, but to ask the
gentlemen who have reported the bill, whether
they mean that it shall take the course ordinarily
given to bills?
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order. I
have been deprived of my opportunity in report-
ing the bill to submit any remarks. The Chair
has decided that the vote must be now taken with-
out debate on the rejection of the bill. I eaH for
the ysas and nays on the question, and demand
that it be put.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Is it in or-
der to have the bill read, (hat its character may
be understood by the members of the House who
are new called upon to reject it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order. It is the right of any member to have the
bill read.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I then call for the reading
•f the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not, by some six min-
utes.
The Clerk continued the reading of the bill.
Mr. BRIGG8. I move, as the morning hour
has expired, that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Ways and Means; and upon that
motion I call for the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
notion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bkigss] cannot be submitted until the bill has re-
ceived its second reading.
Mr. BRIGGS. I appeal, then, tomy friend from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his objection to the
second readingof the bill, so thatl may be enabled
to submit the motion to recommit.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order. Be-
fore, however, I Btate it, I would inquire of the
Chair what will become of this bill if we now pass
by ttae business of the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
on a moment's reflection, that it must go to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BROOKS. Then, if I understand the
Chair, this bill, introduced by the instructions of
the Committee on Ways and Means, will, because
of objection, be thrown out of its regular order,
and the question put upon its rejection. The bill
Will be lost, if it be now passed by, as I understand
the Chair's decision. I take an appeal from that
decision, and upon the appeal demand the yeas
and nays. Now, any gentleman, I suppose, may
move to go into the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
bill, if the House passes from its consideration at
this time, will go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
[LaughterJ
The SPEAKER. There is a question of Order
pending, which must be first disposed of. A re-
port was made from the Committee on Ways and
Means, of this bill. It received its first reading
for information,under the rules. Then, on objec-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
ChaItober,] die question arose, Shall the bill be
rejected ? That, in accordance with the express
language of the rule, is the proposition before the
House. The morning hour having expired, the
Chair decides that the special order, which is the
consideration of the bill to suppress the circulation
of small notes in the District of Columbia, is the
first business in order.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe that I am entitled
to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to the
floor. Questions of order have been raised, and
those who raised them were for the time being en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question. I
understand that my colleague [Mr. Baooirs] has
appealed from the decision of the Chair. If that
appeal be entered, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. Was not the motion I sub-
mitted,—the morning hour having expired,—that
the House proceed to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table, in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, the morn-
ing hour having expired, that the special order
takes precedence of all other business.
Mr. ORR. I call for the consideration of the
regular order of business.
Mr. BROOKS. What becomes of my appeal?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
that his measure takes precedence of the special
order?
Mr. BROOKS. I appealed from the decision of
the Chair, made a few moments ago.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that we
cannot continue the consideration of the subject of
the branch Mint, the morning hour having ex-
pired, on account of the special order. The gen-
tleman from New York will not be deprived of
any privilege, the Chair trusts, under the rule, in
reference to this bill.
Mr. BROOKS. The point I wish to understand
it, what becomes of this bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has expressed
the opinion that it goes to the Speaker's table.
Mr. BROOKS. From that decision I appeal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] must be aware of the fact, if
the decision of the Chair is right in any particular,
that the morning hour having expired, the special
order must be taken up, and the order of the House
executed; and that by the force of that special
order, we pass from the consideration of this sub-
ject. If the gentleman to-morrow shall insist
upon his question of order, he can have it decided
by the House.
Mr. BROOKS. That is what we desire.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
call the attention of the Speaker to the (set, that
my colleague who reported thia bill, being upon the
floor at the expiration of the morning hoar, in the
usual mode moved that this bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
gentleman could not submit such a motion until
the bill, under therule, ahafl hare received iUsec-
ond reading. Opposition was made to the second
reading, and the rules prescribe that the question,
•' Shall the bill be rejected?" must be put by the
Chair; and that is the condition in which the bill
stands a present.
SUPPRESSION OP SMALL NOTES.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the special order, being bill
No. 341, to suppress the circulation of small notes
as a currency in the District of Columbia. Is it the
pleasure of the House to have the bill read ?
Mr. PHELPS. And the amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the bill
through, if desirable, or read it by sections for
amendments. The question will first recur upon
the adoption of the amendments proposed by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The first section of the bill was then read, as
follows:
" Be it enacted, Tfiat if any person, or any association,
partnership, or company of individuals, or any body politic
or corporate within the District of Colombia, shaN, from and
after the passage of this act, make, emit, issue, or utter any
hill of credit, bank note, promissory note, bill of exchange,
order, ticket, or any other instrument of writing, in a less
amount, or of a less denomination than Ave dollars, to be
used as a paper currency, or asacircalating medium, either
as money or in lieu of money, or of any other currency, or
shall make, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, prom-
issory note, bill of exchange, bill of credit, order, ticket, or
any other instrument of writing, obligation, promise, con-
tract, or agreement, for the payment or delivery of money or
other valuable thing, or of anything purporting to be a valua-
ble thing of a less amount than five dollars, to be used as a
paper currency, or as a circulating medium, either as money,
or in lieu of money, or of any other currency, every such pel *■
sen, and every member, officer, oragentof such association,
partnership, company«f individuals, body-politic or corpo-
rate, concerned in or assenting to such making, emitting,
uttering, signing, drawing, or indorsing as aforesaid for any
of the purposes aforesaid, shall be liable to indictment by
the grand jury of the District «f Columbia for a misde-
meanor | and on conviction thereof shall be imprisoned for
a term not less than ten days nor more than one year, and
fined in a sum not less man one hundred nor more tlian
Ave hundred dollars. And it is hereby especially declared
and enacted that, ia the case of an association, partnership,
or company of individuals, body-politic or coipoiate, com-
mitting any of the offenses aforesaid, every individual there-
of shall be presumed, prima facte, to be eoncetned in, and
to have assented to, the commission of such oflfense, and
the burden of proving bis or Mr ditseht therefrom shall
rest on him or her."
( TheSPEAKER. The firstamendmentadopted
I by the Committee of the Whole proposes to strike
j out this section, and substitute the following:
■" That if any person or persona, body-politic or corporate,
within the District of Columbia, shall, from and after the
passage of this act, make, sign, draw, indorse, emit, or
issue afiy note, bill of exchange, bill of credit, order, tieket,
promise, agreement, or any other instrument of writing, ia
a less amount or of a less denomination than five dollars,
or for the payment or delivery of money, notes, or other
valuable thing, or of anything purporting to be a valuable
thing, of a less amount or denomination than five dollars,
or purporting or evidencing, or intended to purport or evi-
dence, that any sum leas than five dollars will be paid ia
money, notes, or ether thing, to any person receiving or
holding such notes, bill of exchange, or other instrument of
writing ahove mentioned, or that it will be received in pay-
ment of any debt or does, with the intention to create or
put ioto circulation a paper currency, either as money or
in lieu of money, every such person, and every member,
officer, or agent of any such body politic or corporate, di-
rectly or indirectly engaged and concerned in or assenting
to such making, signing, drawing, indorsing, emitting, or
issuing as aforesaid, for any ofthe purposes aforesaid, wall
be liable to indictment by the grand jury of the District of
Columbia fora misdemeanor; and on conviction, they shall
be imprisoned for a term not leas than ten days nor more
than on* year, and fined in a sum net leas than filly nor
more than five hundred dollars; and on the trial of any
such indictment, if the note, bfU, order, ticket, or other in-
strument in question be, in part or in the whole, printed or
engraven, it shall be deemed sufficient evidence of an in-
tention to put the same into circulation in violation of this
act, unless the contrary be plainly shown."
Mr. FICKLIN. This amendment was fully
explained before it was adopted by the Committee
of the Whole; and as there is no occasion for fur-
ther debate upon it, I move the previous question.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will the previous question
cut off any other amendments to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will apply to all amend-
ments proposed by the Committee of the Whole,
and exclude all propositions for further amend-
ment.
Mr. SWEETSER. The subsequent sections
of this bill need amendment. I trust that the
prtvious question will be withdrawn.
Mr. STUART. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw -the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire to say that I have no
choice. There are a great many who want the
previous question moved, and some who do not.
