334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
I propose to let the House decide for itself,
-whether tbey will sustain the previous question
or not; and it* not, then to go on with the amend-
ments.
Mr. TAYLOR. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me to offer the substitute which I save notice
of the other day. A few days since, I suggested
that when the proper time arrived, 1 intended to
offer, as a substitute for the whole Bill, the bill
winch was introduced in the Senate at the last
session by Senator Fish, which seemed to be very
acceptable to the people of this District. I desire,
at the proper time, to present this substitute, and
I therefore hope that the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. r icklim] will not press his demand for the
previous question.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will state that the question
of regulating the currency of this District over
five dollars is separate and distinct from the pres-
ent bill. There are a great many who desire to
propose amendments, and if I yield to one, I must
vield to all. I should like to accommodate ray
friend from Ohio, but 1 cannot.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope that the House
will vote down the previous question.
The question was then put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there were
—ayes 53, noes not counted.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Dean, and Da-
vis of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 76, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question then recurring upon the first
amendment, it was put, and, on a division, there
were—ayes 55, noes not counted.
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Briggs and Hart appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 64, noes 24; no
quorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the question be taken by yeas
and nays? It is not competent for less than a
quorum to call the yeas and nays on the question
pending.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I now raise
the point of order which I suggested the other
day. The Chair says that it is not competent for
less than a quorum to call the yeas and nays. I
appeal from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
would be competent for less than a quorum -to or-
der the yeas and nays upon a motion to adjourn,
or for a call of the House to compel the attendance
of a quorum to do business, but that it is not com-
petent for less than a quorum to do business; and
by a vote that is recognized as valid by our laws,
there is no quorum voting, and therefore, n  the
ordering of the yeas and nays is part and parcel
of the legitimate business in the passage of bills,
the Chair decides that it is not in order to order
the yeas and nays; and from that decision the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stepheks] takes an
appeal.
[A message from the Senate, by Asstmr Dick-
ins, Esq., its Secretary, was here announced.]
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will suspendf for
a moment, until a message from the Senate is re-
ceived.  
Mr. CA/RTTER. Can less than a quorum re-
ceive a message?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
raises a question of order in regard to the recep-
tion of the message, and the Secretary of the Sen-
ate will suspend. There being no quorum to do j
business, and the reception of the message being I
legitimate business of this body, it is notin order. !
Mr. BURT. I raise an inquiry connected with
the message sent to this House. I beg leave to
ask the Chair what message the Chair will send
to the Senate, as the House refuses to receive the
communication ?
The SPEAKER. It will be competent for the
House to send a message that it had no quorum
to do business; and it cannot do business under
the Constitution. The Chair will, however, de-
cide that qtiestion when it arises.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask for the reading of
the third clause, fifth section, first article.
It was then read, as follows:
" Each Howe shall keep a Journal of Its proceedings, and,
from mill' to tune, publish the $ame, excepting such parts
aa may, in their judgment, require secrecy; and the yeas
and nays ol'the members oi eulier House, on any question,
shall, at Uie desire of one firtli of those present, be entered
on the Journal."
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not intend
at all to disputethe validity of the Constitution cer-
tainly, and unquestionably it is competent for the
House to have the question on this amendment
taken by veas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to make this state-
ment. It is only a difference of construction of
that article of the Constitution which I wish this
House to determine The first clause of that arti-
cle says that "each House shall keep a Journal
of its proceedings," &c. That is a part of the
same clause. Ri?ht below we find this: " and the
yeas and nays of the membersof either House, on
any question, shall, at the desire of one fifth of
those present, be eutered on the Journal."
The SPEAKER. Can you pass this amend-
ment with less than a quorum? That is the
point.
Mr, STEPHENS. " And upon the question
one fifth of those present have the right to order the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Upon any question upon
which it is lawful to take the yeas and nays. " Each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members, and a ma-
jority of each shall constitute a quorum to do busi-
ness. " The effect of the decision of the Chair is
simply this: that it is not competent for this House
to adopt these amendments, less than a quorum
being present.
Mr. STEPHENS. My point is, that the arti-
cle of the Constitution to which I have referred
gives power to one fifth of those present to order the
yeas and nays. Although Jess than a majority
order the yeas and nays, it may be that a majority
may come in and vote. One fifth of those present
have a right to demand and have recorded the
yeas and nays of those who are present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's argument '
would be conclusive, but for the fact that the i
House has in a legitimate form—one recognized
, by the laws of the House—declared, that when
there is no quorum here, it is the duty of the Chair
> to announce that fact. The Chair feels it to be his
duty, under the Constitution, to decide that it is
not competent for the House to act upon this bill,
less than a quorum being present. 'From that de-
cision the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
takes an appeal.
Mr. BURT. I rise to suggest to the Chair and
House, whether the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] can take an appeal from the decision
which the Chair has made upon the question of
order raised by himself, and to suggest, that if the
Chair entertains theappeal made by the gentleman
from Georgia, the Chair must then allow me, when
the sense of the House upon the propriety of the
decision has been taken, to ask for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. And it is competent to order
them. If there were but fifteen members present,
the Chair holds that he would be subject to their
decision upon questions of order.
Mr. BURT. I am inclined to think, indeed I do
think, that the decision of the Chair is a correct
one, and I suggest that consequence as resulting
from the decision. Now, sir, when less than a
quorum is found to be in this Hall, by any proper
proceeding of this House, I maintain that the only
questions that are in order are motions to adjourn
or for a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. BURT. I rose, sir, to move that there be
a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannpt be en-
tertained during the pendency of the previous
question.
Mr. GORMAN. I will make a motion which
will settle this question, if members will vote upon
it. I move that this House do now adjourn.
Mr. WOODWARD. That will not settle the
question.
Mr. POLK. Yes it will. We can vote down
the motion to adjourn, but the vote will show that
there is a quorum present. i
Mr. GORMAN. If the House will consent to |
take this vote by a standing count, we can get
over this difficulty without wasting more time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Indiana is mistaken. We do not want to
ascertain whether there is a quorum present, but
we want to have the question settled by the House,
whether one fifth of those present may order the
yeas and navs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman from Tennessee, that that question was
settled last session by a vote of the House, as
well as by the decision of the Speaker.
Mr. GORMAN. I insist upon my motion to
adjourn, and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Tennessee, and Gaylord were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 36, noes 85.
Si the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There is now a quorum
present.
Mr. DEAN. I understand that the next ques-
tion is upon the appeal of the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. STEPHENS. Upon that question I ask
for the yer s and nays.
The SPEAKER. A quorum being now present,
the Chair decides that the gentleman from Geor-
gia has a right to demand, and the House a right
to order, the yeas and nays upon the amendment
to the bill.
Mr. DEAN. But we want this question settled,
because during the last session the Speaker decided
it one way, and the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] when occupying the chair, decided
it the other way, and the House sustained both of
those decisions. Now, we want to have it finally
settled one way or the other, and I therefore ask
for the reading of the latter portion of the fourth
rule, to show that there is a distinction between
one fifth of a quorum and one fifth of the mem-
bers present.
The SPEAKER. As there seems to be a very
strong disposition on the part of some members
of the body to settle the principle at issue between
the gentleman from Georgia and the Chair, the
Chair hopes, that by unanimous consent, the
House will determine the question of order raised
by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. STANLY. Will that settle the principle?
Mr, STEPHENS. Yes, sir; the decision of
the House will govern the Chair in future.
[Cries of "Object!'J
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
decide that the gentleman has a right to call for
the yeas and nays, there being now a quorum
present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I would remind
the Chair that last session, when a similar ques-
tion was raised, and an appeal taken when no
quorum was present, the appeal was decided after
a quorum appeared.
The SPEAKER. There was a vote of the
House directly on the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES. Less than a quorum could not
hare decided that appeal.
Mr. STEPHENS. The pointof order is not
varied at all by the presence of a quorum now.
The point of order that I made was, that one fifth
of less than a quorum had a right to order the
veas and nays. It is a question of parliamentary
faw. The presence of a majority of the House
now has nothing to do with the principle. The
whole House can determine this principle of order,
to wit: whether one fifth of less than a quorum can
order the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. And take a vote, which is
forbidden by the Constitution, the Chair thinks
the gentleman might add.
Mr. STEPH ENS. What vote is that ?
The SPEAKER. To pass a bill with less than
a quorum present.
Mr. STEPHENS. Not at all. The only ques-
tion is, whether one fifth of less than a quorum
have a right to order the yens and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the.
gentleman from Georgia has a right to demand
the yeas and nays now.
Mr. STEPHEN'S. Does the Chair decide that
I have a right now to have the question taken on
the appeal ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman cannot have that question taken, ex-
cept by unanimous conaeot of the House, because
