THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Conoreis, 1st Sesiion.
THURSDAY, JANUARY SO, 1853.
New Series No. S3.
but a short time since the gentleman from Tennes-
see rose here, when there were at least twelve
members upon the floor, but was not recognized
by the Chair, and went on and made his proposi-
tion. That is the way in which the gentleman
from Alabama did. I was the first gentleman rec-
ognized by the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. Gentlemen all around me
remember the facts differently from the gentleman
from Michigan. I have no doubt but the gentle-
man is sincere in his opinion, and that he states it
according to his views, but then my recollection
is sustained by all around me. I understood my-
self as being recognized by the Chair, and gentlemen
around me, who were paying as much attention
as myself^ remember that the Speaker recognized
me in so many words.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects very
well that the gentleman from Alabama demanded
the previous question, but doubts whether or not
it was not pending the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON,ofTennessee. I would ask the
gentleman if he voted with the majority, and was
in a condition to make the motion to reconsider ?
Mr. STUART. There was no division, and
any gentleman has a right to submit a motion to
KCOHstd6r>
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not distinct in ,
his recollection of the facts; and as the easiest
mode of settling the question, he is disposed to put
the question upon seconding the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Chapman] will be allowed to
make a statement.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I was endeavoring to get
the ear of the Chair, for the purpose of reminding
him, that when the gentleman from Alabama arose,
the Chair suggested that there was a motion to
adjourn pending.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Alabama
was recognized by the Chair, and the gentleman
from Michigan gets up and addresses the Chair,
in the midst of the noise and confusion, and says
" I rise to a privileged question," in order to cut
off the motion of the gentleman from Alabama.
The House was then divided upon seconding
the demand for the previous question, and there
were—ayes 87, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. STUART. T rise to a question of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to apriv- ■
fleged question. I believe it is a privileged ques-
tion. 1 move the House adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. STUART. The gentleman cannot take
the floor from me to submit that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan will state his point of order.
Mr. STUART. It is this: that allowing the j
decision of the Chair to be correct—and certainly
I am not disposed to dispute it—1 have the right to j
discuss this question on the motion to reconsider ;
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en- 1
grossed and read a third time; and that moving
the previous question o« the passage of the bill,
does not cut me ofT from that privilege until the ,
House has ordered the main question to be put.
The SPEAKER. The legitimate question is,
whether the House will order the main question to :
be put.
Mr. STUART. It has been ordered to be put.
.The SPEAKER. The call for the previous ,
question has only been seconded. j
Mr. STUART. Suppose the House had or- 1
dered the main question to be put, my right would '
not be cut off.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman would be cut off from debating
the bill, if the call for the previous question was
seconded on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STUART. The motion to reconsider
nust then be put.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused
22
to adjourn, there being on a division—ayes 50,
noes 67.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move a
call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the main
1 question has been ordered to be put. The ques-
, tion now is upon the passage of the bill,
j Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
; bill be laid upon the table.
1 The SPEAKER. The motion pending to lay
! the motion to reconsider upon the table, takes pre-
cedence of that motion.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
| consider was laid upon the table.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill upon the table, and it was disagreed
t0-
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
: the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN. I demand the yeas and
. nays.
! Mr
SACKETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the passage
of the bill.  
> Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HART. 1 demand tellers on the motion
to adjourn.
Tellenrwere ordered; and Messrs. McMdllin
and Hendricks were appointed.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn; the tellers haVing reported—ayes 50,
noes 75.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill, and it was passed—yeas 81, nays 38; as fol-
lows;
YEAS— Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, WillisAllen, Win.
Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcoek, Barrere, Beale, Bowie,
' Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown, Burt,Caldwell,Thompson
Campbell, Chastain, Clark, Clemens, Colcock, Cottman,
Darby, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dimmick, Disney, Dock-
ery, Doty, Eastman, Edgerton, Fay, Ficklin, Florence,
Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Giddings, Gil-
more, Goodeaow, Gorman, Green, Hall, Harper, Ishain G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hascali, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Horafbrd, Houston, Ives, Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Mason,
McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, Henry D. Moore, More-
head, Murray, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Peaslee,
Penn, PhelriS, Bobbins, Boss, Sabine, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Stratum, Towashend, Witdriek, and Woodward—81.
NAYS—Memro. Bibighara, Bocock, Brenton, Barrows,
Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis 1). Campbell, Chapman, Cobb,
, Dean, Dunham, Durkpe, Evans, Haws, Haven, John W.
; Howe, Thomas Y. Row, George G. King, Little, Mann,
Miller, Millson,Molony, Newton, Snmuel.W. Parker, Pen-
' niman, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Scurry, Sutherland, Taylor,
' Thurston, Walbridge, Walsh, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
and Addison White—38.
So the bill was passed.
! Pending the call of the roll,
| Mr. STUART said: I hope that the House will
: allow me to say, that I am in favor of thepurport
of the bill, but that I deem it so defective I cannot
vote for it. I therefore decline to vote.
j [Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. HALL- I move lo reconsider the voteTjy
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
! to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. ORR, the House then ad-
journed till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Alex-
ander Lea, praying compensation for losses sustained by
him in the destruction of the light-liouse at Chandelier
Island, off the const of Mississippi.
i By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Mary Young, one of
I the heirs of William Liggett, praying for compensation for
! the services of said Liggett as a soldier in the war of the
1 Revolution. - .. . . , .
By Mr. AVERETT: The petition of 375 citizens of the
city of Washington, in favor of rebuilding the Long Bridge
over the Potomac river at its present site.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of D. Agny, Baron S. Doty,
M. L. Martin, and 80 other citizens of Green Bay, for a
grant of land to the company organized to construct a rail-
road from Green Bay to Chicago.
By Mr. BIBIGHAUS: The petition of Adam Guttinger
and 163 others,citizens of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, praying
that one hundred and sixty acres of land be given to each
person who served in the war of 1812.
By Mr. LETCHER: The petition of Harvey Risk,post-
master at FairHeld, Rockbridge county, Virginia, praying
, to be released from the payment of a certain sum of money
claimed as due from him to the Post Ot^ce Department.
By Mr. ABERCROMB1E: The petition of William
Bryan and others, citizens of Dale county, Alabama, pray-
ing Congress to remove the land office from Sparta to Elba,
in Coffee county, in said State.
By Mr. MILLER: The memorial of the General Assem-
bly of Missouri, asking a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Canton, Missouri, to Bloom-
field, Iowa.
By Mr. STANLY: The memorial of E. A. Smith and
| R. (iuarles and others, citizens of the counties of Wood-
ford and Fayette, Kentucky, asking Congress to pass the
! bill to pay the States the fourth installment under the deposit
act; in aid oftheCol nization Society.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The memorial of James Morrison
and others, sureties of G. R. C. Floyd, late Secretary of the
Territory of Wisconsin, for authority to the accounting
officers to settle the account of said Floyd.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 19, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. FOOT presented the credentials of the Hon.
i Samuel S. Phelps, appointed by the Governor of
' the State of Vermont a Senator from that State,
to supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of
the Hon. William Upham until the next meeting
I of the Legislature, which were read; and Mr.
| Phelps, having taken the oath prescribed by law,
I took his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, reports of an examination of the Blue
Lick Springs and other sites, with a view to the
establishment of a western military asylum; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, recommending the payment of the claim
made by the Spanish Government on behalf of its
subjects, in the case of the Amistad; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate relating to the coinage of the
United States Mint and its branches, a report of
the Director of the Mint; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have been re-
quested to present a petition, signed by Grinnell,.
Minturn, & Co., ana a number of ship-owners,
ship-masters, and insurance companies, praying
Congress for some measure of legislation to be-
stow assistance on Selena C. Sumner, the wife of
Captain Sumner, for the discovery he had made,
by which the position of a ship can be ascertained
at sea. They represent, sir, that this discovery
is one of great practical importance, and has
saved many lives and a large amount of property,
and they request Congress to take it into their
consideration. I move that, without reading, the
petition be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
It was so referred.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Waterford and Barnet, Vermont, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Barnet to Water-
ford Lower Village, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. _
Also, a petition of citizens of Lyman and Lit-
tleton, New Hampshire, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Steven's Village to
Lower Waterford; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Waterford, Ver*
