1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
may occupy a short time in explaining a matter
which he wished to explain yesterday evening, but
had not ail opportunity of aoing, with the under-
standing that then it shall be postponed till Tues-
day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the joint resolution.
A debate ensued, in which Messrs. Mason,
Cass, Soui.b, Dixon, and Shields participated.
The further consideration of the joint resolution
was then postponed until Tuesday, the 25th inst.
[For the debate see the Appendix.]
LOUISIANA OVERFLOWED LANDS.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the bill " to aid
the State of Louisiana in reclaiming the over-
flowed lands therein, and for other purposes,"
was taken up for consideration; and on his mo-
tion it was postponed to, and made the special or-
der for, Monday the 31st instant.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
lumed the consideration of the bill " authorizing
* the construction of a railroad and branches, for
« establishing a certain postal communication be-
' tween the snores of the Pacific and Atlantic within
«the United States, for the protection and facili-
* ties of travel and commerce, and for the neces-
' sary defenses of the country."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (M. Norms in
the chair.) The pending question is on the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Mississippi,
f Mr. Brooke,] as a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. GWIN. I believe the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is willing to withdraw that amendment
until we perfect the bill section by section.
The PRESIDING OPFICER. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator that the proposition
of the Senator from Mississippi is, to strike outall
after the enacting clause, ana insert a substitute
for the whole bill. That motion is in order, but
motions to amend the sections of the original bill
will take priority, and after they are disposed of,
the question will be on that amendment.
Mr. BROOKE. Do I understand the Chair to
decide my amendment to be out of ortler ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order,
but before the question is put upon it, the original
bill is open to amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the bill be read
section by section, so as to permit amendments to
be offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued.
The first section was then read as follows:
" Be it enacted ty the Senate and House of Representa-
tives oftke Vntied Stales of America in Congress assembled,
That with the view of securing the speedy construction of
a railroad and branches connecting the Mississippi river |
with the Pacific ocean, at suitable points, the President of |
the United States is hereby authorized to enter into con- :
tracts, in conformity with the provisions of this act, for the
construction of a railroad from a point on Red river, at or
near the southwest comer of the State of Arkansas, on the
most direct and feasible route, and, if practicable, with a ,
branch to the gulf coast and through the State of Texas to 1
a point on fte eastern boundary of the State of California;
and from points on the western boundary of Missouri and
Iowa, (not within the limits of any existing State,) on the
most direct and feasible route to intersect said road, run-
ning from Red river, as aforesaid, to the eastern boundary of |
the State of California, with a track departing from this ,
line at some point west of the Sierra Nevada, or Rocky I
Mountains, and running, on the most direct and feasible !
route, to some safe and commodious harbor in the Territory
of Oregon, which shall be at all times accessible to the |
largest clan of sea-going vessels navigating the Pacific
ocean."
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out of that
section the words "and branches," with the view
of following it up, if it prevails, with amendments J
to other portions of the bill, so as to have the bill
provide only for a road from the most suitable
point on the Mississippi to the Paeific.
Mr. SHIELDS, is the object of the amend-
ment to confine the bill to the construction of but
one road ? i
Mr. ADAMS. Yes, sir; and if this amend-
ment prevails, I will follow it up by moving to ;
amend the other portions of the bill having ref-
erence to the branches, so as to leave it one track
from San Francisco to the most suitable point on '
the Mississippi river. The selection of that point I !
am willing to leave for future investigation. My
object is to strike out of the bill all that relates to
the branches. ;
Mr. CHASE. I would suggest to the Senator i
from Mississippi, whether his object could not be !
better obtained by moving an amendment to that !
portion of the section which determines the point
at which the road is to commence. It might be,
that it would be important to have branches from
some suitable point to Oregon and California;
while it might not be desirable to have branches
on this side, connecting the road with the extended
system of works already in progress, or consum-
mated, in different portions of the country. I
would prefer, myself, if it would suit the purpose
of the Senator from Mississippi equally well, to
make a question in this form: To strike out the
words " on Red river, at or near the southwest
corner of the State of Arkansas," which is the
proposed commencement of the road, and insert i
1 " on the Missouri river, not below Independence, j
1 in Missouri, nor above Kanesville, in Iowa." I
think it would be better to make a question on ;
that, and leave the subject of the western branches
open.
Mr. ADAMS. That motion does not meet my
approbation, and of course I could not make it.
It has reference to the commencement of the road.
I do not wish by the bill to designate any point,
either on the Mississippi or Missouri river. I am
willing to have the terminus on this side located
either on^he Mississippi or Missouri, and leave it
to the proper authorities to investigate and ascer-
tain the best route. My proposition, however, '
has no connection with what the Senator from Ohio
suggests. It has reference to the branches pro-
vided for in the subsequent portions of the bill;
and unless the words which I propose to strike out
of the first section "are stricken out, the branches
follow in the whole bill.
The amendment was rejected; there being on a
division—7 ayes, noes not counted.
The second section was then read, as follows:
"Sec. 2. And be it further en acted, That the right of
way, two hundred feet wide, throughout the entire length
at said road and branches, is hareby set apart and appropri-
ated for the use of said road and branches forever; and a
quantity of land, equal to the alternate sections, for the
space of forty miles on each side of said road and branches,
to wit: the sections which shall be marked and designated
on the public surveys of said lands by odd numbers, are
hereby set apart and appropriated to aid in the construction
of said road and branches in the manner, and subject to the
terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions hereinafter
provided."
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out of that
section the words, ■* equal to the;" that will leave
the grant to be of "alternate sections." It is
known that when you make a grant " equal to
the alternate sections" in the States where some of
the land has been sold, it is equivalent to a grant
of the entire land, which I hold we have no con-
stitutional power to do. I am not willing to do it.
According to the provisions of this bill, if the
lands are not sold, we give the " alternate sections;"
if they are sold, we give a quantity " equal to the
alternate sections."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out "forty"
and insert " twenty." The bill proposes to grant
" a quantity of land equal to the alteraate sections
for the space of forty miles on each side of said
road and branches.'
Mr. BORLAND. That is little enough.
Mr. ADAMS. But you have just refused to
strike out " equal to the." The lands have been
sold in your State, and it takes every foot of the
forty miles. The twenty miles is as much as we
ought to give. 1 see the bill has very great favor,
and being a compromise man, I compromise my
own opinion, and propose to strike out " forty"
and insert "twenty. Where the land is valu-
able, it is enough to build the railroad. Where
the country is settled, it is enough to build half a
dozen.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to state that the honor-
able Senator is mistaken in regard to this giving
forty miles on each side, because this is appro-
priating for Territories which have not yet been
surveyed, and the lands have not been disposed
of in any way by Congress.
The amendment was rejected, there being on a
division-—ayes 6, noes not counted.
Mr. CHASE. I do not know whether the Sen-
ate will agree with me, but I desire to offer an
amendment to strike out of the first section the
words "a point on Red riwer.ator near the south-
west comer of the State of Arkansas," which
fixes the commencement of the road, and insert
the words " on the Missouri river, not below Inde-
f>endence, in Missouri, nor above Kanesville, in
owa."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first sec-
tion has been passed over, but if there be no ob-
jection, the amendment will be received.
There was no objection.
Mr. CHASE. 1 wish to state very briefly the
ground upon which I offer this amendment. I
agree in the general opinion, which has been ex-
pressed by Senators, that it is extremely import-
ant to connect the eastern and western sections of
the Union. I have not the slightest doubt that a
road should be built so as to connect the rising
capital of the new State upon the Pacific with the
commerce of the East, affording a pathway over
which the vast emigration seeking a home upon
the shores of the Pacific shall find easy access to
their desired destination. I agree, then, fully in
the main object sought to be accomplished by this
bill; and I think the Senator from California [Mr.
Gwin] is entitled to distinguished praise, for the
zeal, the energy, and the ability, which he has
shown in pressing this subject upon the Senate.
While, Mr. President, 1 take that view of the
subject, however, it seems to me quite clear that
no plan so complicated, and so extensive as this,
can finally receive the favorable judgment of this
body. What is the object which we seek to ac-
complish? A means of communication between
the East and West. That is the object. We
have no other. We seek to favor no section, no
part of the country above any other part. For
myself, I am perfectly well satisfied, upon an ex-
amination of the geography of this country, that
the shortest and best route for a mere freight
road is from San Diego, in California, to Mata-
gorda, in Texas; and I should not be at all unwill-
ing to give to that road, at the proper time, a
hearty support. But for a road connecting the
commerce of the Eastand the West, and especially
for a road to connect the populations of these two
extreme portions of our country, it is quite clear
that it must traverse another route to where it will
better accommodate existing Wants. We have a
population in Oregon. The day is not remote
when we shall have a State in Oregon. We al-
ready have a great, growing, populous, and wealthy
State south of Oregon. It is to connect Oregon
and California with the eastern States, that we
want this road. That is the connection which we
desire now. Pointouttome the shortest route, the
cheapest route, and the route which will accom-
modate the greatest number of people, and that
route shall have my support, my earnest and per-
severing support. I would make no objection
upon the ground that it does not traverse precisely
that portion of the country which in my judgment
seems to be best. I would leave that for the dis-
cretion of the Executive; and I would be willing
—although the amendment is confined to two
points—to leave a larger margin than that, if the
amendment would thereby be made more accept-
able.
But it seems to me, that in the selection of the
route, the experience of travelers should be looked
to. Common-sense men travel by the most prac-
ticable route. They take the shortest and best
routes. Of course the routes of greatest travel,
which people going from the Atlantic to the Pacific
most usually take, are likely to be the best routes.
. Now, what is the path of your whole overland
emigration ? It leaves some point upon the Mis-
souri river, never further south and never further
north than one of the two points which I have in-
dicated by my amendment. By what route does
it "proceed westward ? It goes through the South
Pass, and there turns southward to San Francis-
co. This is one great traveled route. Then,
there is the road to Oregon, branching off west of
the Pass. That is another great traveled route.
Now, if we desire a road, and want it made over
the most practicable route, experience shows us
where it is. To build the road upon the route
thus indicated, I am perfectly ready at any time
to vote either money or land. But I am unwill-
ing to jeopardize the very object we have in view,
by connecting it with such a multitude of projects,
demanding for their execution such vast resources.
This course, it seems to me, would delay indefi-
nitely the accomplishment of the main purpose.
We want a road for commerce; we want a road
for the emigrants; we want to connect the East
and the West; and to do. that let ua take, without
