840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOWS.
Jan. 1&,
reference to any oonaHeration outside, the near-
est the best, and the most practicable route.
Mr DOWNS. I am sorry that I cannot agree,
but that, on the contrary, I differ entirely with the
Senator who has ju8t addressed us. I agree
with him, however, in the main proposition to
support the route which, under all the circum-
stances, is the ea«est and moat practicable. His
principal ground of objection, as I understand, to
the route proposed in the bill, ia that it embraces
too much. It ia therefore proposed to start from
another point, and in that way I suppose it is de-
signed to get clear of the branches named in this
bill. Now, Mr. President, if it is necessary, in
order to the practicability of a route, that it
should be the shortest one, I think no one will be
found which is shorter than that proposed in the
bill, after striking off the branches. The great
object ia a connection between the'waters of the
Atlantic and the Pacific oceans. If the gentleman
objects to extending branches when we get within
striking distance either of the Pacific and Oregon
on the west, or of Missouri and Iowa on the east, ,
strike them off; but if his plan be adopted, to
start at a point above Independence, and extend
it across from that point, without going into any
calculation of the difficulties or any estimate of
the expense, I think that so far from lessening
the expense and the difficulties of constructing the _
road, it would very much increase them. I am
not prepared with details which I should desire in
order to enable me to enter into the argument in ,
relation to that point; but there is one prominent
fact which stares as in the face; which we see in
advance when we look upon the map of North
. America, and that is, that as we go further south, !
the distance from ocean to ocean diminishes, and
at the southern point the waters are quite near to-
gether. If you start from Independence, and run
a line across, without going minutely into the cal-
culation, I venture to assert, from a general view
of the map, that you will find the distance at least
double what it is by the route through New Mex-
ieo, as proposed in the bill. That is a general
plain fact, which, hi my view, should besufficient
to prevent the adoption of the amendment which
has been proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. President, although this amendment has
come up unexpectedly, and I am not prepared to
present details and statistics on the subject, stiH
it is not a new question. Aa I understand the
matter, it is a very similar route to, if. not identi-
cal with, the one which has been so long proposed
by Mr. Whitney for hiB railroad to the Pacific
ocean. I havealways thought, and I believe many
have agreed with me, since the time Mr. Whitney
proposed it, that it waa one of the most absurd
and impracticable routes that ever any man con-
ceived. My convictions are so clear on this sub-
ject, that I feel sure that never, certainly not for a
hundred years, would there be a railroad extended
to the Pacific ocean, if we take the extreme north-
ern route in the latitude which he proposes. There
are many reasons to prevent the completion of-a
road there, in addition to the increase of distance.
The difficulties from the climate would be great.
Why, sir, in that latitude, how great a part of the
war would your railroad be capable of being used ?
The severity of the frosts and snows in that win-
try climate would present obstructions to the use
of the road a great portion of the time. I shall,
perhaps, be told that frosts and snows are no ob-
struction to railroads. But my opinion is that
they do have a very great influence in obstructing
'die use af railroads. We see now that such- is
the effect every day.. We find even in latitudes
much further south than that where this route
may be fixed, if the amendment is adopted,,even
on the route between this city and New York,
within the last few days, the mails have been de-
layed, and the roads seriously obstructed in conse-
quence of the snow-drifts. Then, if you go into
latitudes so much further north, and into the ele-
vated and mountainous regions, so much higher,
-where die snows are in some localities almost per-
petual, certainly for at least one half the year the
railroad would be useless. I ask, w^iat great ad-
vantage wonld there be in having a railroad in a
route where it could be kept open only half the
year, and must be closed by frosts and snows
during the otfoer half?
There are other difficulties in the way of the
northern route. I lake it for granted that you can-
not make or jkaep up in good repair, a railroad far
so great a distance aa this would be—for eight
hundred and perhaps a thousand miles—in not
only an unsettled country as that where the north-
ern route would run, but one that cannot be set-
tled for many years. Not only is that region cold
and inhospitable, but a great deal of it is barren;
and there are other objections to that section of
country so serious that settlements could not be
extended there, even if a railroad were made. I
would ask gentlemen, how can you build and
maintain a railroad, for ft distance of a thousand
miles, through a country not settled, and which
even a railroad would not settle?
With regard to the route proposed in the bill,
we have much more information, and the ease
with regard to the difficulties attending the con-
struction of the road wonld be very different. Al-
ready there are constructed, with a few short gap"
only remaining to be completed, railroads Both
from Memphis and Vicksburg, on the Mississippi, |
to the Atlantic; and in a few years they will be j
extended from these points to all the principal
southern ports,—not only to Charleston and Sa-
vannah, but to Baltimore and Washington and
other places. There is already a company at work
in my own State, with ample means for carrying
on the construction of a railroad from New Orleans
to a point on the Red river above Wherf the road
proposed by this bill will lead. There is another
' company already at work in Louisiana upon
another railroad, from a point where this road will
pass to a point on the Mississippi, opposite Vicks-
burg. Then, whether this bill passes or not, there
will be two railroads built by the State of Louisi-
ana, one touching the Mississippi at New Orleans,
and the other at Vicksburg, from the point, or
about the point, where this railroad will start.
There are projects for railroads in Arkansas, with
the precise state of the progress of which I am not
so well acquainted as I am with that of the roads
in Louisiana.
| Wehave a right to assume as a fact, then, about
which there can be no doubt, that the railroads
from the Atlantic to the West will extend in the
course of two or three years to this point on or
near the Red river, which is some two or three
hundred miles due west from the line where< this
road will touch the Mississippi at .Memphis or
Vicksburg.
Now,if you compare the distancefrora this point
to the Pacific ocean, I venture to say you will find
it less by nearly or quite one half than that pro-
posed further north. If the gentleman wishes to
afford facilities to the northwestern section of the
country, nothing is easier than to do it as it is
contemplated by this bill; that is, create ^ranches
wherever it is necessary to promote the object.
The object of this bill is not to provide a road for
every neighborhood and every section, but to pro-
vide for the great thoroughfares. We cannot do
everything at once, and we must do at first what
is the most necessary. We need, above all, a com-
munication, and we must have a communication,
from some point on the Mississippi river, which
connects with the Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico.
The great object is to get, as soon as possible, the
cheapest road from that point. I think that if we
attempt to construct a road on the other route so
far north, we shall jeopardize the whole bill.
The advantages afforded by the face of the coun-
try, the timber, &c., upon the route proposed in
the bill, are far greater than upon the other route;
and then, too,theclimate would be such as to allow
of the use of the road constantly throughout the
year. You would haveacountry which is already
settled to some extent, or which will be settled
rapidly. It is a striking fact that there is a point
at what is called the bend, in Red river, at or near
Fulton, in Arkansas, where the river changes its
course, so that the valley of the river runs directly
west for a distance nf four or five hundred miles,
extending through Texas and towards New Mex-
ico; and 1 am told the country is admirably
adnpted to the construction of a road on or near
the valley of that river.
We all know that the very fact of the river ex-
tending so far, and in so straight a line, and so
direct a course, would afford great facilities for the
-construction of a railroad at a great distance, even
If there was nothing in the valley of the river;
and we all know, in addition, looking at the val-
ley sof those rivers, that they would affordgreater
facilities for obtaining timber and water there.
The great difficulty in constructing railroads from
this side to (he other, will be the want of timber.
There are large spaces of the country without it.
As a general rule, along the valleys and streams,
we find more timber than elsewhere; but independ-
ent of that, we have every reason to believe, from
the course in which that river runs, that the rail-
road could be constructed cheaper than anywhere
else. Besides, I believe settlements are already
extended further west at that point than at any
other in the UniteckStates. I am not well informed
on that subject. The Senator from Texas is bet-
ter informed than I am, but I understand that set-
tlements are extending rapidly up the valley of
the Red river.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will take the liberty of ask-
ing the honorable Senator if he is acquainted with
the character of the region through which the pas-
sage is contemplated ?—whether he has any definite
information as to the character of this pass?
Mr. DOWNS. The South Pass?
Mr. SHIELDS. Not exactly the South Pass.
The pass contemplated through the Sierra Ne-
vada.
Mr. DOWNS. As I stated at first, I am not
i prepared with the details on this subject, but I
nave no doubt I could state, from the general
knowledge I have of the country, that as good,
i and a much better pass could be obtained in that
quarter than in any other. I have not the details
! now, because the question comes on me suddenly.
The honorable Senator from California, however,
! I presume, could answer the question of the Sen-
' fttor.
| There are many other reasons which could be
' advanced against the proposition which is now
I before the Senate, which 1 think are conclusive
against it; but these are a few striking me on the
first impression. 1 cannot suppose that the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio introduced this amend-
ment to excite any sectional feeling on this sub-
ject. I certainly have no such feeling. If you
show me a nearer and more practicable route, that
can be traveled at all seasons of the year, as far
north as you choose, in the United States, 1 will
not object to it on that ground ; but I do object to
taking one which will be much longer, ana more
liable to interruptions. I hone, therefore, the
amendment yill not be adopted.
Mr. BELL. I do not want to say a word, or
take up one moment's time, which does not tend, '
at least, to lead to some practical result. I submit
to the. honorable Senator from Ohio, supposing
that he is right in thinking that the proposition to
limit the eastern terminus on the Red river is too
sectional and exclusive, whether his proposition,
on the other band, is not equally so ? Both are
; rather extreme, if we propose to fix the termi-
nation of this road ourselves. Jf one looks illib-
eral, and not in conformity to the requirements
| of emigration, of commerce, of intercourse be-
tween the two great sections of the Union, so
does the cither seem to be illiberal, and not allow-
ing sufficient discretion to those who may have
the designation .and location of the terminus of
the road eastward. I put that to him. I think
upon the settlement of this question before the
Senate—and I hope that will be after some serious
reflection—will probably depend the question
whether we are to have no road at all, or else two
roads, proceeding pari passu—one from the north-
west, and one from the southwest. Probably, if
the Senate adopt his proposition, it will result in
the defeat of the bin.
With regard to the eastern terminus and the
western terminus, and the branches, as proposed
in thebill, I would prefer, as an individual, to see
that road constructed, if it be practicable and can
be constructed at a reasonable cost. I think it
would answer all the purposes of the Government
for a road, perhaps not so conveniently or so well
for northern and eastern commerce and emigration,
but still, upon the whole, it would answer the great
requirements of a speedy and facile communica-
tion by expediting trade, commerce, and inter-
communication between the western States and
Territories and the eastern. But, nevertheless, !
submit to those who stand in my relation to this
question, whether, in the attempt to get one road—
and perhaps that is as many as we shall succeed
in getting at the present Congress, and for any-
thing I know, at any future Congress—it would
not be well for southern and southwestern gen-
tlemen, who fee 1 adeep interest in the location of
the road, to give greater latitude than is presented
