1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
by the bill? I make this suggestion, upon the
supposition that the Senators who have assisted
in the compilation of the bill, have authentic and
well-established information in regard to this point
and the section of country over which the road is
proposed to be run—such a knowledge of the pass
of the Sierra Madre as is satisfactory to them that
it is one of the best passes. I suppose, in draw-
ing up this bill, those gentlemen had such inform-
ation; but would it not be wise and judicious to
allow a greater latitude than is allowed by the bill,
to the officers of the Government or the company
who may construct the road, finally to select it
themselves at their discretion, with such limita-
tions to the exercise of that discretion as we may
propose? I think we shall have to allow this
greater latitude and discretion; and if the pass
pointed out by this bill in the Sierra Madre be the
proper para, and the general route designated by
the bill be the most judicious; be the one most
likely to be executed with economy; be the most
practicable and useful in all respects, may not the
friends of this particular route rely with confidence
that upon that route, and at or near the neighbor-
hood t>f the termini proposed by the bill, it will
be finally located ? And whether it is or not, Mr.
President, I rather think we shall have to run the
risk of it, or we shall not, during the present Con-
gress, get any road at all.
Now, I propose to the honorable Senator from
Ohio, instead of the proposition which he makes,
to accept the one which I present to him. The
first part of the section reads:
" That with the view of securing the speedy construction
of a railroad and branches connecting me Mississippi river
with the Pacific coast, at suitable points, the President of
the United States is hereby authorized"—
I propose to strike out the succeeding part of
the section, and insert the following:
—with the light* afforded by the several official explora-
tions and reconnoissanees, anti others which have been
heretofore made, and with the aid of any such further ex-
aminations and surveys of particular mountain passes or
nections of country, supposed to present obstructions of a
serious nature, as he may think proper to be made here-
after, to designate the termini and general direction of the
route of a railroad to connect the valley of the Missouri
with the State and Territory of the United States on the
Pacific coast, keeping in view, in making such designation,
economy in cost and distance, easy grades, and at tlie same
time the greatest facilities for braneh roads on or connec-
tions with Lake Michigan, with St. Lonis, with Memphis,
with New Orleans, with Matagorda, and with some safe
and commodious harbor on (be coast of Oregon.
What I propose is, that the President shall se-
lect the route with the lights afforded by official
explorations and reconnoissances which have been
made, many of them by officers of high character,
Topographical Engineers, and others, and pub-
lished to the world; and that, in addition to them,
he shall have special examination made of any
mountain passes in New Mexico—Walker's Pass,
or any other pass which may be suggested as prac-
ticable and possible in the Sierra Nevada, bound-
ing the valley die Sacramento or the San Joaquin,
or any other pass which may deserve further ex-
amination, which can be done in a short time. I
havealsosaid, that if there beany particular section
of the country over which it may be proposed that
the route should go, that he may order a reexam- |
ination, if it is not sufficiently well known. I ap- 1
prehend there will be none such. Any further [
examinations which you may want will be of:
particular passes that may be contended for as
the most seasonable, practicable, most convenient
and advantageous upon the whole.
Then,after hehas got these further lights, before
he proceeds to the designation of the termini, while
he has to keep in view the shortening.of the dis-
tance as much as possible, and of course the cost
of the road, and easy grades, which affect dis-
patch, speed, and economy, hi running upon the
line, he shall have further in view the adaptation
of the road for the connection with branches to
Lake Michigan, which will include the great west-
ern line of emigration and the northern line spoken
of by- the Senator from Ohio—that great line of
commerce, and the great and favorite communica-
tion with the northeastern States. He will have
in view a route which will afford a communication
with Lake Michigan, and the series of railroads
running parallel with the lakes through (ill these
northern roads. He will have also in view, what
I need hardly name, the Central road, with the ter-
mination at Memphis, in my own State; for if
due regard is given to the designation of that rdute,
not only to connect with the roads northeastern,
but the roads southward, with Charleston, Savan-
nah, New Orleans, and Texas—having in view the
practicability of making branch roads from these
various-roads to the trunk—then I say it would
be unnecessary to mention Memphis, because any
road which had a reasonable degree of reference
to the facilities of a branch connection both with
the railroads going westward from the Atlantic
ports, and also to the southern States on the Gulf
. of Mexico, and also with the lake line, cannot
' omit Memphis.
That is the proposition which I make—that the
! President, with the lights now before him, in con-
i nection with such other lights as he shall think
, necessary with regard to the particular passes,
1 shall make a selection of the main trunk of the
| road, subject to those limitations with reference to
its cost, cheapness, and dispatch—I mean speed,
of course—practicability in the first place, and :
then a facile communication with the great north-
ern and eastern, and with the southern and south-
western lines of railroads.. 1 do not suppose that
it would be possible for the President to make such
a selection as would be perfectly impartial, and give
equal justice to the northwest or to the southwest.
That is not to be contemplated or expected. It
would be impossible. Neither the northwest nor
i the southwest ought to expect exact justice, but
some selection may be made, so far as the forma- .
tion of the country and the position of the passes
are concerned, which may be found most appro-
priate and judicious—which would at the same
time afford sufficient facilities for communicating
by a branch to Oregon on the Pacific coast. I say
it is not to be supposed that in the selection of
such a route we can do equal justice to the inter- j
! eats and wishes of those sections; but we can ap-
proximate to it. And approximation is all that
! we can expect, because from the formation of the
country, there are barriers fixed by.nature—in-
superable obstacles which will cause the President 1
more or less to throw the road north or south aa
he shall find theobataclea more formidable in either
direction. I trust that my proposition will be re-
ceived, and that upon it we shall try the question
whether we are to have one road or two, because
I think I foresee that, unless we do something of
this kind, we shall at this Congress do nothing.
By-and-by we'shall be forced by dire necessity,
j by the condition of the country, in the midst of
! difficulties, to construct a road, wherever it may
| be, north or south. " Yet even with some such
compress as that put upon us, we shall not be
likely to do anything unless there is some latitude*
of selection given to the President or to some
company under certain limitations.
- Mr. President, theSenate is not full—>1 am sorry
for it. We see that this is not a subject which
has much attraction for any considerable number
of members of this body. Some great question
about a war or difficulty with foreign Powers alone
seems to have power to keep Senators in their
places. I do not speak in reference to what I am
saying, because I only mean it for the purpose of
getting the question in a proper shape; but 1 wish
they were present, because their votes would tell
on one side or the other. If vfre do not pass some
law in relation to this subject at this session, let
every gentleman remember that the effect will be
its postponement undoubtedly for two years, and
you will not get anything in practical operation
until the year 1855; for this is a short session.
From March until December next, we shall have
no Congress in session-. Next session -wrill be a
long one, and you edn easily foresee that it will sit
till September or October in 1854. You can then
readily perceive that if a measure of this import-
ance passes at all in the next session of Congress,
it will be in the very tail of the session in one or
the other House. It will pass, then, in the fall of
1854, when it will be too late to make any addi-
tional explorations—too late to send out any com-
panies, and then have contracts made to move one
step in the execution of the work. Thus you will
be brought into 1855 before you commence the
work. I mention this for the purpose of showing
bow important it is that we should do something
at this session. If we do not, the result will be a
practical postponement of the whole subject for
two years. , ,
Mr. CHASE. My amendment was prepared
with the same object which the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has in view; and
in offering it, I -was gowned very much by the
considerations suggested by that honorable Sena-
tor, when this subject was before ms upon a pre-
vious occasion, and which I thought eminently
worthy of our attention. I desire to present the
simple question between a single route and the
complex system of this bill; ana for that purpose,
I am quite willing to adopt, in the main, the sug-
gestions made by the Senator from Tennessee. It
perhaps presents in a better form than my origi-
nal amendment, the precise question which I de-
sire to submit. The only modification which I
would make in his amendment, is to avoid speci-
fying any particular points for the terminus of the
route. 1 think it better if no certain starting point
; is to be named—to leave everything open,
i I wish, however, Mr. President, before I send
this amendment to the Chair, to say a word or two
with reference to what fell from my friend from
Louisiana, [Mr. Downs.] Certainly, I cannot be
thought to be governed by any sectional motives
in offering my amendment, since I expressly de-
clared, but a moment since, that in my judgment,
and, so far as my information goes, the best practi-
cable route for a freight railroad, will ultimately be
found to be from some point on the southern coast
of California—probably San Diego-—following the
Gila, crossing the Rio Grande, and terminating at
Matagorda, in Texas. And I have further said
that I was perfectly willing, so far as the .power
of this Government can be legitimately exerted for
that purpose, to appropriate either money or land,
and that I would give it as full and as cordial sup-
port as I am capable of giving to any measure.
I wish to say one word further with respect to
the practicability of the northern route, as com-
pared with the southern route, or what is known
as the Memphis route. 1 do not profess to be as
thoroughly acquainted with this subject as I could
: wish, and yet I have,perhaps,given to it as much
attention as most of the members of the Senate;
and the result of my inquiries has fixed in my
mind the conviction that the Shortest and most
practicable route is through the South Pass. We
have already made an appropriation for. a railroad
across the State of Missouri, from HttWiibal to
St. Joseph; and availing ourselvee-of the terminus
Of that railroad, or any point in proximity to it, we
can save a Very considerable distance.
As to interruption by snows, it must be re-
membered that the highest latitude to which the
California road will ascend at the South Pass ia
only a little more than forty-two degrees north,
as is shown by the map which is lying on our
tables. The road will run nearly upon the same
parallel with the Michigan Central railroad, which
is now doing as much business as almost any rail-
road in the country, and is as little liable to bem-
terrupted by any of the eauseB which the Senator
from Louisiana has suggested, as any road in the
'country. Indeed, all interruptions Of this charac-
ter are only temporary, and easily removed. It
must be remembered, also, that the isothermal
lines, as they cross the continent westward, tend
continually to the north. The objection to the
route, then, on the score of liability to interruption
by snows, fails; nor is the consideration of dis-
tance at all against the northern route. The dis-
tance by the South Pass will be found, I appre-
hend , to be less than by any other route suggested
to the western border of the existing States. 1
will consent, however, to leave the selection of the
route, and the determination of the points to be
connected, to the Executive, if sueh shall seem to
be the wish of the Senate—though I think it much
better, if it can be done, to settle these tnatters
here.
I will add but a word, and I should like.to hear
the views of the Senator from California upon the
point to which I shall refer. The most recent ex-
ploration of the route proposed by the bill before
us, is that of Captain Sitgreaves. His account
is the only reliable one, so far as I know. I
believe it has not been printed , but if I am not
very much mistaken, his report will show that
that route is entirely impracticable. I do not pro-
Fose, however, to go into this matter at this time.
am very willing the question should be taken
upon the amendment as modified agreeably to the
suggestion of the Senator from Tennessee. That
will be a test question between those who are
friendly to a single road and those whoprtferthe
system provided for by the bill.
Mr. G.WJN. In regard totha latfer rewark of
the Senator from Ohio, I deeire to s y that I have
