342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
a letter from Mr. Kern, who accompanied Captain
Sitgreaves, in which he points out the various
passes on this route, and says that they are not
only practicable, but that this route is the only
practicable route to the Pacific ocean. I am pre-
pared to show the feet., that this is the best route
through the mountain passes of the Sierra Madre—
through the Rocky Mountains. There is really
no chain of mountains at the point where I pro-
pose to cross the Rio Grande. The range of the
Rocky Mountains sinks there. It is mountainous,
but it has no name of a mountain, and it is the
best point to go across. But in regard to the iso-
thermal lines extending northward as you go west-
ward, I say there is no place north of that where
we can make a road. There we know we can
make it. We know that we can get through the
Sierra Nevada at Walker's Pass, which is only at
a latitude of about thirty-five degrees. We do
not know any pass north of that through which
we can go. The object of the bill is to get through
that pass.
Mr. President, I have no local partiality at all
in regard to this matter. If we could get a road
to run nearer to the center of California, it would
suit me, and it would suit my constituents better.
I seek a practicable route. The Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Shields] asked the Senator from Loui-
siana, a short time ago, whether it was ascertained
that this was a practicable route ? 11 has been
ascertained. I am prepared to show that one of
the most celebrated trappers on the Pacific coast
(Mr. Walker) has passed five times over this
route, and he says it is the best route between the
Rio Grande and the Pacific. He would never go
over any but the best route. That is the best evi-
dence that it is practicable. There is no doubt
about the route being practicable. I have ex-
amined thequestion certainly with all the attention
which I could bring to bear on any one question,
and I am convinced that the plan which I have
presented to the Senate is the best. I shall, how-
ever, leave it to the Senate to decide. I shall not
interfere in regard to this question.
Mr. SHIELDS. I take it for granted that the
main object is to get one road on the most practi-
cable route, without reference to any sectional ad-
vantages. My impression is, from the consider-
ation I have been able to give this subject, that if
we can get one route which is practicable, any-
where, we should be very thankful. That is my
opinion. The Senator from California knows as
well as any other gentleman here, that the practi-
cability of a route does not depend so much upon
its latitude, as upon the character of the country,
and upon the degree of elevation which it has.
He is aware of that fact. We might get a good
pass through the mountains in latitude 42o north,
and fail to get one down even as low as Texas.
The practicability of the route would depend on
the character of the country generally, over which
it is to pass, as well as upon the feasibility of get-
ting through the mountains. I confess that, for
my own part, I have seen no exploration, no re-
connoissance, I have obtained no information,
which would enable fhe, if I were a capitalist, to
decide upon advancing capital upon any particular
route. The honorable Senator from Ohio is right,
so far as I have examined the subject, in relation
to the pass. The information we have received,
although not sufficient to enable us to fix the loca-
tion of the route, is sufficient to show that we may
get through the mountains. But on the western
side of these mountains, as is commonly the case
throughout that region of country, the formation is
entirely volcanic, and the practicability of passing
from the Sierra Nevada onward in the direction
pointed out upon this map, I conceive would be
utterly hopeless. I say, therefore, that, though
we might get a pass through the mountains, we
could not continue the road, on account of the
impracticability of getting through that volcanic
country. As to .the South Pass, I am not quite
clear; I do not know that a road can ever be made
to pass through there. But I think it is a more
practicable region than the one proposed by the
Senator from California. At the same time, my
impression is, from all the investigation which
I have given to the subject, that we must go still
further south.
But I desire that some latitude may be left to
further explorations—to further reconnoissances.
I concur with the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, in leaving the selection open, and allowing
the President—and I think we ought all to concur
upon that—to select the most practicable route
wherever it can be found. We should leave him
; the largest latitude to accomplish the object. No
route can be established without further explora-
: tion and reconnoissances. No route ought to be
established, or attempted to be established, until
they are made. The first duty of the President
should be to send able engineers and ascertain the
' most practicable route. I shall, therefore, vote
1 for the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, although I think he has designated too
many points, leaving it to further explorations and
, further reconnoissances to determine which is the
i most practicable route. 1 certainly regard the
! routes now laid down as compelling and forcing
us to pass through this volcanic region of the
| country.
Mr. GW1N. It is not designated in the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. Iam aware it is not desig-
nated in the bill, but the selection of the branches
would make it almost compulsory to run through
that region of country. I would say that the best
course to pursue, to unite the Atlantic with the
Pacific, is to leave the President to select, between
the two oceans, the most practicable route, and
then make the road upon that route.
Mr. ADAMS. I will detain the Senate but a
very few minutes. I beg leave, however, before
the vote is taken upon the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, to call his attention to Vicks-
burg, as a point to be named, if other points are to
be mentioned. I acknowledge that I agree with
the Senator from Illinois, that I greatly prefer hav-
ing no point named.
Mr. BELL. I agree to name no point at all.
Mr. ADAMS, very well; that supersedes,
i then, the necessity of giving expression to some of
i the remarks which I intended to make. I will
I say, however, that I do not wish to be understood
I as opposed to this project, though I have offered
some amendments which have been rejected. At
the same time, I will say that I do look upon the
project, as it is now presented for our considera-
tion, as chimerical, and as not practicable at all in
the present state of the settlement of the country.
I would be willing, however, and even glad, to see
alternate sectionsof land by which you will improve
the value ofthe lands reserved to the United States,
equal to the grant given to the States of Arkansas,
Missouri, Louisiana, and California, for the pur-
pose of building railroads Saving reference to the
.ultimate connection of the Atlantic and Pacific, by
railroad communication. But I do not desire to
see this Government embark again in an enterprise
for the construction of a great national highway,
i Itwas only the other day that we disposed of the
: last interest the Government had in the Cumber-
land road, in the State of Ohio. Yet, here we have
a member of the Democratic party of the country
coming forward renewing, only in a somewhat
different form, the old exploded project of the
Federal Government going into the building of
roads, under the pretext of using them to carry
the mails. Is there any man here who does not
know that commerce is thfe great object to be aided
: by this bill, and that the carrying of the mails is
I only incidental.' While we profess to have a Dem-
| ocratic majority here, it is proposed to go into the
Territories, and appropriate the public lands, and
I retain to Congress, as this bill proposes, the c.on-
i trol of the tolls and everything else connected
I with this road. It is proposed, and that, too, by
! a Democrat, that the Federal Government shall go
j into the most magnificent scheme of internal im-
provements that has ever been' presented to the
consideration of this, or any other people.
I believe that it is utterly impracticable to con-
struct a railroad for thousands of miles over ter-
ritory a large portion of which now is, and must
be for years, wholly unsettled, passing over des-
erts, for hundreds of miles without timber, water,
or human beings; and particularly when it is pro-
posed that it shall be done with public lands, un-
salable, unsurveyed, and to which the Indian
title has not been extinguished. And this is to
be done by a Democratic Senate! If the Senate
are prepared for it, let it be done. I am willing
to contribute, as far as I- can, with my views of
the powers of this Government, in conformity
with the principles of the strict construction of
tn#Constitution, towards it; but further I am not
willing to go.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norms
in the chair.) Do I understand the Senator from
Ohio to modify his amendment, as suggested by
the Senator from Tennessee?
Mr. CHASE. I do not know, until I have an
opportunity of examining the modification pro-
posed, whether I shall agree to it or not.
Mr. BELL. This is the amendment which I
wish to suggest, but it has not as yet been defin-
itely agreed upon:
" That the President be authorized, with the lights af-
forded by the several official explorations and reconnois-
sances and other*, which have been heretofore made, and
with the aid of such further examination and surveys of
particular mountain passes, or sections of country, sup-
posed to present obstructions of a serious nature, as he may
think proper to be made hereafter, to designate the termini
and general direction of the route of a railroad connecting
the valley of the Mississippi with the State of California;
keeping in view, in making such designation, practicabil-
ity, economy in cost and distance, easy grades, and at the
same time the greatest facilities for connection with the
Atlantic and Gulf railroads, now completed, or in progress,
or projected, and with some safe and commodious harbor
on the coast of Oregon."
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend, Mr. President,
to go into any partisan discussion on this question;
but inasmuch as the Senator from Mississippi has
made an attempt to rally a Democratic phalanx on
this great national question, 1 am not disposed to
let him take that platform; more especially as he
himself holds his seat on this floor by Whig votes.
He is no representative here of the Democracy,
so far as his election is concerned. He was elected
by Whigs, and therefore he has no right to preach
to the Senate of the United States with regard to
Democracy. He is here on another issue entirely.
I know that it is necessary for him to say a great
deal about Democracy in order to get himself into
a right position at home; and I am willing that he
shall Bancombize as much as he pleases on that
subject; but let him not rally a party here on this
great national questioq on the ground of Democ-
racy. I can well appreciate the necessity of that
gentleman speaking very loud in favor of Democ-
racy. I know it is important to him; but at the
same time, I must enter my protest against his
attempt to rally a party on the great basis of the
Democratic creed, against this measure. The
Senator's appeal may go for what it is worth in
Mississippi, but let him not set himself up as an
expounder of Democracy for the whole Union.
He talked about this measure as if it were a
great consolidation measure. Why, it has had a
most careful regard for State rights. It has hot
infringed on any of the rights of the States. It
gives entire power to the States over the construc-
tion of the road within their limits.
Mr. BELL. I expect we shall find, when we
come to examine it, tnat it goes almost too far in
that direction.
Mr. GWIN. It was intended to give the States
full and ample power and control over the ques-
tion. As to the constitutional objections, 1 am
prepared to meet them, if they come up; but I do
not think they can come from any member ofthe
body, except the Senator from Mississippi. I do
not think it possible to bring them in a form to
make them formidable.
As to the practicability of the enterprise, that is
a question on which the Senator's opinion, I sup-
pose, will have its proper weight with the body.
There have been a great many men over the route
indicated in my bill, who think it practicable. If
the majority of the Senate agree with the Senator
from Mississippi, that this is a visionary scheme,
they will not vote for the bill; but I think it is not
only a practicable, but a very feasible plan; and I
believe that,if this bill, or somfe similar one, passes,
we shall have a road in five years. That is my
judgment, and I have thought a good deal on the
subject. The Senator from Illinois spoke about
the road not being practicable—about no one hav-
ing passed over it. Why, in that he is entirely
mistaken. I presented evidence to the Senate the
other day on that subject, and I am sorry that the
Senator from Illinois has not examined the letter
of Mr. Kern, which I presented the other day,
and which was published in the report of our pro-
ceedings, showing that a number of officers ofthe
Army had examined this very route'—that officers
of the Topographical Corps had examined it, and
found it to be practicable. Letters have been pub-
lished from them, stating that those passes are en-
tirely passable. As to the volcanic character of
the country, the Senator has that only from rumor.
There is no certainty about it/ There is, how-
