1853.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
«• Tie bill of the Senate No. 307, entitled' An act pro-
' posing to tl<e State of Texas the establishment of her
< northern and western boundaries; the relinquishment by
«the said State of all territory claimed by her exterior to
< said boundaries, and of all "her claims upon the United
< States,' was read a first time.
'• Mr. Isok made opposition to the sane.
" And the question being,' Shall this bill be rejected."
" Alter debate,
" Mr. McCikrkikd moved the previous question; which
was seconded, and the main question ordered and put, viz:
' Shall this bill be rejected?'" &c.
Mr. STUART. That was in the case ofa Sen-
ate bill. I will ask the Chair if the Journal shows
whether it was taken from the Speaker's table, or
eported back by the committee r
The SPEAKER. It was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and opposition was made in that case
as in this at precisely the same point of time.
Mr. STUART. Was the question raised wheth-
er it was debatable or not ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.
Debate has been had. I only pointed to that as
one case. The Chair thinks that there are nu-
merous cases.
Mr. STUART. My impression is this: that
the parliamentary law and courtesy is that a bill
shall receive two successive readings, as a matter
of course, unless it be so objectionable in itself that
the House chooses to dispose of it without debate
and without action, and the question is then " Shall
it be rejected ?"
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CHANDLER. Relying upon the opinion
of the Chair yesterday, that the question was not
really debatable, I did not think it worth while to
prepare for a debate to-day; and now before I en-
ter upon the few remarks I have to make why
'this bill should be rejected, I take this occasion to
say, that when I rose yesterday to make that ob-
jection I tried to state—and I find that some of the
reporters so understood me—that I did it only be-
cause I was directly and correctly informed that
it was not the intention of the friends of that bill
to allow debate upon it, and that their desire was
to spring it upon the House, to move immediate
action, and then call the previous question, which
would cut off debate and amendments. I desire,
- therefore, to place this bill in another situation—a
bill of considerable consequence beyond the mere
reaction of the House here, or the appointment of
a few salaried officers by the present President, or
the convenience of gentlemen opposed to the results
of their industry. It involves a question of higher
moment than all that. Nations do not readily
. with such tokens of their sovereignty as are
lints, or scatter them about so plentifully as they
seem to be trying to do in these times, overlook-
ing the great fact that the Mint is a national mat-
ter, and not a New York matter; for we have not
reached that point when the people of New York
may say, as .some one said in France, " Paris is
France," that New York is the United States.
Sir, I repeat that I was ready to meet this bill 1
fairly, to give it its course like any and every
other bill of the House; but I desired that it should '
not take precedence of those bills which appeal to '
the justice as well as to the patriotism of this :
House, which call for our action in behalf of the
people, or call for our deliberation with reference ;
to the honor of the country. I confess—and I ;>
think many gentlemen who were members of the '
House will confess—a great astonishment at the j|
pertinacity which has presented this bill before the
House at the present time; that has called upon I
us in the midst of the multitude of business that •
is accumulating upon your table, and that occu- i
pies the attention and anxiety of the members of ,
the House, and relates to the interests of those i
constituents whom we represent here—I confess
my deep astonishment at the pertinacity of those i
gentlemen in presenting this Jbill to delay the ac- \ >
tion of this House on business of real national, <
as well as individual consequence.
Most of the gentlemen here, who were mem- j
bers of the last Congress, will recollect the course j'
of argument that was pursued to sustain the meas- ;,
ure for a branch Mint in New York. They will
remember, sir, that the outcry was, that the main
Mint at Philadelphia was incompetent to the coin-
age of the gold of this country; and that, by many
millions, it was insufficient to meet the, wants of
those who brought their gold dust from California.
I tried, in the course of an argument, to satisfy the
House that the Mint at Philadelphia, was in all
respects able, and the Director of that Mint was
willing to meet the utmost demands; that the Mint
is able now—as we knew then it would be able
in a very few weeks—to coin a hundred millions
a year, in the various denominations of coin sanc-
tioned by the laws  f this country. Sir, all that
I then promised has been amply fulfilled. All the
demanas upon the Mint have been met. But no
| man, no set of men, not even the Government it-
I self, would be able to meet the everlasting wants
j of those who, with the horse-leech, cry "Give,
five, give," to the great metropolis of tne Union,
lis vain, sir; if "we were to open the Treasury of
i this nation—if we Were to bid them go up into
| the pillared building at the other end of the
| avenue, and help themselves, the funds of the
j country would fail before their avarice would be
j satisfied.
Sir, if any gentlemen recollect my remarks
during the last session, they will excuse me for an
apparent repetition of them, because I now ad-
dress a different House and a different set of gen-
tlemen than I then did; and I shall take the liberty
of referring, in a very desultory manner, to some
of the arguments which I then met. Among other
arguments then employed, was the vast incon-
venience and exceeding expense of conveying the
fJd from New York to Philadelphia and returning,
then, sir, "   
ropounded the inquiry, how came
that gold in New York!—how came New York to
be the recipient of the gold dust from California ?—
and the answer was obvious; the liberality of other
cities, the exceeding liberality of this House, that
enables New York to carry out her plans—which
she undertakes in the expectation that she will be
helped in her enterprises—by spending its millions
to carry to thafcity the gold dust. Sir, she makes
use of the eleemosynary dollars that we pour into
her coffers, as a plea why we should pour every-
thing else there. Eternally dissatisfied with what
we do, she takes it without thanks, and makes it
a motive for asking for further assistance.
Mr. Speaker, the expense of conveying the gold
from New York to Philadelphia and thence in re-
turn, when it is coined, is not, at the utmost,
#25,000 for #100,000,000, or for $200,000,000, if
you choose. The proposal is to carry all that can
be collected both ways for $25,000; and those who
! make proposals for carrying the gold thither anil
back again, offer the amplest security against any
accident that may befall it. The question, then,
is not one of danger. Never a dollar has been
lost on its way. But if a million had been lost,
those who offer to convey it are amply able to pay
for all they could lose. The loss of the whole
amount that they convey at any one time would
scarcely be felt by those who make the proposals.
Sir, I might make an amiment very well upon
the injury of multiplying Mints; but having voted
for the California Mint, I will let that go for the
present. When this question was last under dis-
cussion in this House, the argument of the friends
of this measure, I repeat, was the incompetence
of the Mint at Philadelphia to coin the gold. Sir,
five days is the utmost delay betwixt the receipt
of the gold dust at that Mint and the receipt of the
coined money. I call the attention of the House !
to that fact. It can be done no sooner in New
York than it is done there. The whole distance
between New York and Philadelphia is traveled
in only three hours and a half by the new line of
conveyance. There is, therefore, no reason why
there should be a multiplication of this machinery.
But, sir, not only is the Mint at Philadelphia
fully able to coin every grain of gold dust that can
be gathered in California, and all the gold that
reaches us from other parts of the world—and it
does not come in very rapidly, for the course of
trade is tha other way—but, while it is competent
to do that, we have, in the mean time, authorized
the erection and operation of a Mint at the very
door of the gold mines. And not merely have we
authorized them to coin money; not merely have
we authorized them to do the work that may re-
quire time—the coining of dollars, eagles, double
eagles and all other coins; but we have directed
them to make ingots, by which the gold shall be
melted up into form and shape (after assaying) as
rapidly as so much iron. Sir, that removes every
argument that could be brought forward in favor
of this bill; it removes every idea that a Mint at
New York is at all necessary for the progress of
business. I am not speaking of the necessity that
arises out of the rapacious longings of certain peo-
ple, or the desire to secure rewards'and considera-
tions for certain efforts. By no means. That is
another matter. But I say that all the wants of
commerce—all the wants of business men—are
satisfied by the Mint at Philadelphia, and if not,
are more than satisfied by the addition of that in
i-n ll18" t object, I presume, is, however, to
kill both. Let those look to that matter who arfe
interested in it.
Establishing k Mint at California, and retaining
the[ branch Mints where they are, will leave to
Philadelphia the direction of the mintage. There
will not be a great many millions to be coined
there because of the vast amount of money coined
in California. A considerable portion—I dare not
venture to say how much—is coined for England
and not for us. People complain that they cannot
get gold. Now. sir, we do not want to legislate
here for British bankers. We do not sit here to
legislate ways and means for the purpose of aid-
ing and assisting the bankers of London. They
take their gold dust to New York and send it to
I Philadelphia to be coined, and then ship it to
England, because it costs less to send it to Phila-
delphia to be coined than it does to pay for assay-
ing in London. I repeat it, we are not sent here
to provide ways and means to satisfy the grasping
avarice of the British bankers who are settled in
New York, who have their footing there, and make
that great city an extension of Wapping, and
| nothing else. Nothing is asked for the benefit of
I this country, or to meet the wants of this country.
It is all for British bankers; and the time of this
Congress, and the patience of Congressmen are
I wasted in order to satisfy this feeling of subser-
viency, or the personal longings of those who are
unsatisfied.
Sir, so far as any inquiries that I have been able
to make, in the State of New York, beyond polit-
ical^ interests and the bankers, there is no great
feeling in favor of this measure. There is an
excitement in the city occasionally at election
'times about it, and considerable noise is made;
but there is no call of this kind there. Convers-
ing a few days since with a gentleman who had
been to New York, he told me that New York
people had said, " We do not care a button about
it in a business way, but we mean to beat Phila-
delphia, and if we cannot do it by voting or by
argument, we will purchase—we will buy" 
Mr. DEAN, (interrupting.) I call upon the
gentleman to give us the names of those men who
want to corrupt this Congress.
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman need not
be alarmed. I did not charge him with that.
Nor did I hint at improper language. The accu-
sing spirit which flew up to Heaven's chancery had
illy no oath to blush for. The recording spiriCs
real!
V    • •••  ivwiHiug IbO
that sit in front of the Clerk's desk need drop no
tear for any unspoken word to blot it out forever.
[MUch laughter.] I had finished the sentence;
they only said " we will buy it."
Mr. BRIGGS. By the courtesy of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, I will make a single re-
mark. As I have been somewhat known for the
interest I have taken in this measure since I have
had the honor of a seat upon the floor, the allu-
sions of the gentleman as to the corrupting influ-
ences which might be attempted to be' brought to
bear upon this subject, might naturally be consid-
ered as having application to myself. I now wish
to take this opportunity, by the permission of the
gentleman, to Bay that not only does the insinua-
tion he has made not apply to me, but I will not
believe that it applies to any member upon this
floor coming from within the limits of the State of
New York. I know of no man who has ever
approached me, or who has ever approached any
man in this House, with any proposition of acor-
rupting kind, for the purpose of forwarding this
measure. But if the gentleman will allow me a
moment longer, I will state further, in reply to the
remarks made by thegentlemain, that the interests
of the city of New York did not call for this meas-
ure, that he is mistaken. Every interest there,
from highest-to lowest, loudly calls for the pas-
sage of this measure; and no class of people is
more deeply interested in it than the returned Cal-
ifornians, who are obliged to sell their gold dust,
or at least, do sell it to the brokers, rather than to
subject themselves to the expense and delay of
transmitting it one hundred miles to Philadelphia.
Why, 'sir, the bullion brokers Of that city have
become rich upon the spoils of the hard earnings
