1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
was ordered that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and printed.
WasH [Noton, January 17, 1853.
To Ik* Senate and House of Representatives_
I transmit herewith a communication lately received at
the Department of Slate, from the Minister of her Most
Catholic Maiesty, accompanied by a letter of instructions
ftom the Spanish Government, relative to the case of the
Amistad. In Mr. Calderon's communication, reference is
had to former letters, addressed by him to the Department
of State on the same subject, copies of which are hereby (
transmitted, and an earnest wish is ei pressed that a final i
settleinentof this long-pending claim should be made. The j
tone of the letter of instructions from Mr. Mannel Bertran
de Lis is somewhat more peremptory than could be wished;
bat this circumstance will not, probably, prevent Congress
from giving his suggestions the attention to which they may
be entitled.
The claim of the Spanish Government, on behalf of its
subjects interested ia the Amistad, was the subject of dis-
cussion, during the administration of President Tyler, be-
tween the Spanish Minister and Mr. Webster, then Secre-
tary of State.
I n an elaborate letter of the latter, addressed to the Chev-
alier d Argaii, on the 1st of September, 1841, the opinion
is confidently maintained that the claim is unfounded. The
administration of President Polk took a different view of
the matter. The justness of the claim was recognized in a
letter from the Department of State to the Spanish Minister,
of the 19th of March, 1847. In his annual message of the
same year, the President recommended its payment.
It is understood that reports favorable to the claim have,
on more than one occasion, been made by committees ot one
or both Houses of Congress, accompanied by bills providing
for its payment.
Under these circumstances, the attention of Congress is
again invited to the subject. Respect to the Spanish Gov-
ernment demands that its urgent representations should be
candidlv and impartially weighed. If Congress should be
of opinion that the claim is just, every consideration points
to the propriety of its prompt recognition and payment; and
if the two Houses should come to the opposite conclusion,
it is equally desirable that this result should be announced
without unnecessary delay.  
MILLARD FILLMORE.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it
was ordered that it be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, covering a communication from the Aud-
itor of the Post Office Department, with a view of
being submitted to the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
On notion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was ordered
that it be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, and printed.
A communication from the War Department,
in compliance of the acts of April 21st, 1808, and
March 3d, 1809, showing what contracts have
been made under the authority of that Department
during the year 1852.
On motion, ordered that it belaid upon the table
and printed.
A communication from the Superintendent of
Public Printing, inclosing estimates of the amount
and kinds of paper required for the public printing
of the first and second sessions of the Thirty-
second Congress, together with the expenses of
his office.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, ordered that it be
referred to the Committee on Ways and Means
and be printed.
A communication from Professor Bache, inclos-
ing a memorial of the American Philosophical
Society to the House of Representatives in relation
to another expedition in search of Sir John Frank-
lin.
Mr. "JONES, of Tennessee. I move that it be
laid upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman will
allow a motion to refer it. Let us take the sense
of the House upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask for tell-
ers upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman,
and Setmoor of New York, were appointed.
Mr. STEPHENS. It had better go to the
Commitee on Naval Affairs.
Several Voices. "No!" "No!" "No!"
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 69, noes 61.
So the communication was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. 8TUART. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Chandler] has the floor by express
understanding with the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield the floor to me.
The SPEAKER. The history of that matter
is, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania—the
morning hour having expired within half a min-
ute—yielded to a proposition of the Speaker,
which was to present to the House communica-
tions upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STUART. That is the state of facts.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from Al-
abama [Mr. Houston] would nave had the right
to supersede the gentleman from Pennsylvania at.
the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. I had not quite exhausted
my time.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the under- ,
standing of the Chair was, that at the moment,
the morning hour having nearly expired, the gen-
tleman yielded his right to the bpeaker. The 1
House can determine what they will do, by either [
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I understood that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania yielded to me, and |
my motion was pending when the Chair appealed
to the House to lay before them certain docu-
ments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania as yield-
ing to the proposition made by the gentleman from
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggested to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that if u would not deprive
me of my remainimg time, I had no objection to
his motion.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman yield for
the purpose of making the motion proposed by
the gentleman from Alabama?
Mr. CHANDLER. But 1 yielded subsequently
to the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then put the
question on the motion to proceed to business upon
the Speaker's table.
Mr. HART. 1 ask for tellers upon that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hart and
Polk were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 62.
Before the result was announced, Mr. DEAN
demanded the yeas and nays upon the motion; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order now to move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not until the pending motion
is decided.
Mr. ORR. I desire to ask the 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indulge
the Chair until he turns to the rules, that he may
be precise <
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask the Chair
( if a motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
j does not take precedence of a motion to go to busi-
: ness upon the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. Not under the rules. The
Chair will look at the rules to be precise.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Chair's memory is
sufficient, and it is not necessary to look at the
rules. I waive the point.
The SPEAKER. According to the practice
under the rules you could not take the floor from
a gentleman occupying it, for the purpose of sub-
mitting thd motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; but there
is a rule which authorizes you to arrest the morn-
ing hour business by a motion to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table; and that being the
motion pending, the Chair thinks it ought to be
decided one way or the other. Then it would be
in order to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. If I understand it aright, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, at about the close of
the morning hour, yielded the floor for a different
purpose. That purpose has now been accom-
plished. What will be the order of business be-
fore the House, provided the House should refuse
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chandler.,] in the absence of a
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, would be entitled to the
floor upon the business of* the rooming hour,
which would progress, unless arrested, through-
out the day.
Mr. ORR. And it can only be arrested by a
motion to proceed to business upon the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. According to the 27th rule,
" After one hour shall have been devoted to re-
' ports from committees and resolutions, it shall
' be in order, pending the consideration or discus-
' sion thereof, to entertain a motion that the House
« do now proceed to dispose of the business upon
' the Speaker's table."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. We have
passed from the morning hour.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. JONES. It was the universal practice at
the last session, after the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, to take the floor from the occupant of it,
and submit a motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and it always
takes precedence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair agrees with the
gentleman from Tennessee, that such has been the
practice, but he could never see the reason for it.
Mr. JONES. Under the rules the motion
Mr. STUART. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STUART. Then I call the gentleman
from Tennessee to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, is in order.
Mr. JONKS. Yes, sir; under the rule that pro-
vides it shall be in order at any time for the House,
by a majority, to resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WALSH. The question was put on the
motion that the House do now proceed to the con-
sideration ofthe business upon the Speaker's table,
1 and after a division the yeas and nays were called
and ordered. Now, is it competent to make the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union until that question has been
determined ?
The SPEAKER. It is true that the motion to
go to the business upon the Speaker's table has
not been determined; but it has been almost the
universal practice, that immediately after submit-
ting a motion to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table, to follow that motion with one
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. We have got to meet this question,
and it is as well to meet it now as at any other
time. I say that until the question is decided
whether we will or will not proceed to the consid-
eration of the business upon the Speaker's table,
j the motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
is not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think that
the 136th rule of the House settles that question:
"The House may at any time, by a vote of a majority of
the members present, suspend the rule* and orders for the
purpose of going into the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union." '
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided in con-
formity with that rule, and what he knows to have
been the practice of the House formerly. The
Chair knows of no deviation from that rule what-
ever, and therefore adheres -to it.
Mr. GORMAN. I call the attention of the
House to the report I shall make from the Com-
mittee on Printing. It will not create any debate.
It will be recollected that the other day, when the
question of the printing of the census was up for
consideration, it was specially insisted on action
should then be had. I desire to report a resolution
for the procurement of information.
The SPEAKER. As that proposition will
raise another point of order, the Chair hopes the
gentleman will not now press it.
Mr. STUART. I object to the report. Now,
let us see whether the rule will be consistent in
its construction. This committee, according to
the rales, can report at any time, and at any time
you can go into the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JONES. The motion to go^into the Com-
mittee of the Whole is a privileged one.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has deeided the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee to be in
order. It is as much privileged in its nature as
