348
THi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. [9,
the question of (be gentleman from Indiana, and
the Chair, therefore, rules that the gentleman can-
not at this time make his report.
Mr. GORMAN. I am sure there is not a gen-
tleman upon the floor who will object to the reso-
lution. it is simply one of inquiry, that the sub-
ject of the census printing may come up, which
every member desires. Ft will not occupy two
minutes to consider it.
TheSPEAKER. It can only be made by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. STANLY. The rules say that the Com-
mittee on Printing shall report at any time. I
would therefore ask why the gentleman is not
allowed to make his report?
The SPEAKER. Because the other privileged
question has precedence by priority of time.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephen?] said, that under the 136th rule,
he had the right at any time to submit the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. Very well! Now, the
27th rule provides that—
" After one hour shall have been devoted to reports from
committees and resolutions, it shall be in order, pending the
consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a motion
that the Bouse do now proceed to dispose or the business
on the Speakers table, and to the orders of the day—Jan-
uary 5, 1833; which being decided in the affirmative, the
Speaker shall dispose of the business on his table in the
following order, viz."
We have decided that in the affirmative, and,
strict as the gentleman from Georgia is, it is the
duty of the Speaker, under the rule, to proceed to
the execution of the order of the House.
TheSPEAKER. Unless arrested by some one
of the privileged questions which may be raised
under express rule. The Chair will state the ques-
tion, that gentlemen may vote understanding^ on
the subject. The gentleman from Michigan (Mr.
Stuart] moved that the House proceed to the
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table. Pending that motion, the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jonss] submitted a motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, which is a highly privileged
motion; and, in accordance with the whole prac-
tice of this body on that subject, that motion takes
precedence simply in the order of time of putting
it. It will be competent for the House, by vote,
to get at one bosiness or the other.
Mr. STUART. I will suggest that the present
occupant of the chair decided this question dif-
ferently at the last session. I presume the Speaker
will recollect it. He, on my motion, decided
that, if insisted upon, the motion to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table must be determined,
and it was determined.
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with the
gentleman in regard to his recollection.
Mr. ORR. 1 expect that the gentleman refers
to the decision that a member could be taken from
the flooT at the expiration of the morning hour by
the submission of the motion that the House do
proceed to the consideration of the business upon
thejSpeaker's table; and that was the only way in
which a member could be taken off the floor.
TheSPEAKER. A practice haagrown up in-
formally under the rules to take the vote first upon
the motion to £o into the Committee of the Whole,
though following the one to proceed to the consid-
eration of the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GOODENOW. I understand that the vote
was taken on the proposition of the gentleman
from Michigan by tellers, and that after it had
been announced by the Chair, the yens and nays
were called and'ordered.
The SPEAKER. That is true; and the Chair
states that precisely at that point in our proceed-
ings, the informal practice has been to submit the
question whether or not the House will resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on thestate
of the Union. While we have been talking about
the matter, one or the other of these motions might
have been disposed of, and the House would have
been engaged in the consideration of the regular
business, if the Chair may be allowed to say so.
Mr. STUART. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay theappeal upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. 1 wish to inquire
•whether the floor could be taken from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] to make
the motion that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ? If it could not, and it would be in order
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table,
and the House having gone to the business upon
the Speaker's table, would it be in order to move
to go into the Committee of the Whole, and thus [
do indirectly what could not be done directly ! J
The SPEAKER. The subject is not debatable.
The Chair will, by the indulgence of the House,
read the rules bearing upon the subject:
" 37. Alter one hour Shall have been devoted to reports
from committees and resolutions, it shall be in order, peud-
ing the cousideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a
motion that the House do npw proceed to dispose of the
buniness on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the
day—January 5,1832; whichb eing decided in the affirma-
tive, the Speaker shall dispose of the business on his table
in the following order, viz."
" 136. The House may at any time, by a vote of a major-
ity of the members present, suspend the rules and orders
for the purpose of going into the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union."
As an original question, the Chair would decide
that a motion to go into the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union, being a highly privi-
leged motion, would arrest the morning hour.
Under the informal practice, the Chair will state,
the morning hour has been arrested by a motion to
go to the business upon the Speaker's table, which
motion has been itself arrested by one that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand the Speak-
er to. say that the House divided on the motion to
•go to the business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The House was not divided
on the proposition.
Mr. FLORENCE. The yeas and nays were
ordered on it.
The SPEAKER. The House has only evi-
denced its intention to take the rote by yeas and
nays instead of tellers, when the question again
comes up.
Mr. FLORENCE. I then understand the Chair
to base his decision on the rule authorizing the
House to resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, at any time.
The SPEAKER. Is it not clear, that if the
House had proceeded to the consideration of the
business upon the Speaker's table, that business
could be suspended by a. motion that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole?
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the appeal on the table, and it was agreed to—
yeas 104, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, William
Appleton,Asbe, Averelt, Barrere, Bocock, Bowie, Bragg,
Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Busby,Joseph Cable, Thomp-
son Campbell,Gaskie, Chastain, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb,
Colcock, Cullom, Curtis, Daniel, John 6. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Ditnmick, Dockery, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman,
Evans, Ewing, Faulkner, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd, Gam-
ble, Giddings, Gorman, Green, Grow, isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer,
Houston, Howard, John W. Howe, Jackson, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W.Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Preston King,
Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Mason, McNair, Meade, Millson,
Molony, John Moore, Murray, Nabers, Orr, Andrew Par-
ker, Samuel W. Parker, Peuslee, Penn, Polk,Richardson,
Bobbins, Bobie, Robinson, Boss, Russell, Savage, Scurry,
OrigenS. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton,
Bichard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin,
Stratum, Sutherland, Toombs, Venable, Walbridge, Wal-
lace, Watkins, Addison White, Wilcox, Wildrick, and
Williams—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Bartlett, Bell, Bibighaus,
Brenton, Briggs, George H. Brown, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cottman, Darby, |
George T. Davis, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Fay, Thomas J. '
D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gilinore,Goodenow, Grey, Hammond,
H4rper, Haws, Hascall, Horsford, Thomas Y. How, George !
G. King, Landry, Little, Mann, Martin, Miller, Murphy,
Newton, Penniman, Porter, Price, Beed, Riddle, Sabine,
Sackett, Seudder, enow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stroth-
er, Stuart, Taylor, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Walsh,
Ward, Washburn, Welch, Wells, and Yates—60. !
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion submitted by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, that the House resolve itself into the Com- !
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. '
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I demand the yeas [
and'nays on the motion. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
The question was then taken, and the House ;
refused to resolve itself into the Committee of the |
Whole oh the state of the Union—yeas 79, nays j
82; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, Ashe, Av- ! j
erett, Babcock, Bennett, Bocock, Bragg, Busby, Joseph
Cable, earner, Caskie, Chastain, Clemens, Clingman, il
Cobb, Colcock, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick
Dunham, Floyd, Gamble, Grow, Isham G. Harris, Samn'
son W. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Hous-
ton, Howard, John W. Howe, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson
James Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Lockhart, Mc-
Nair, Meaeham, Millson, Miner, John Moore, More bead
Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker, Sam-
uel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Bobbins, Bobie, Boss
Bussell, Savage, Scurry, Skelton, Bichard H. Stanton,'
Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton, Sweetser
Venable, Walbridge, Wallace, Watkins, Wilcox, Wildrick
and Woodward—79. '
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie,Barrere, Bel), Bibighaus,
Bowie, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, George H. Brown, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cottman, Cullom,Curtis, Dar-
by, George T. Davis, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Eastman,
Edgerton, Evans, Ewing, Fay, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gaylord, Gilmore, Goodenow, Green, Grey," Ham-
mond, Harper, Hart, Haws, Hascall, Henn, Horsford,
Thomas Y. How, Jackson, George G. King, Kuhns, Lan-
dry, Little, Mann, Martin, Miller, Molony, Newton, Pen-
niman, Porter, Price, Reed, Biddle, Sabine, Sackett, Seud-
der, Origen S. Seymour, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Tburston, Toombs, Towns-
bend, Tuck, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Wells,
Addison White, Williams, and Yates—82.
So the House refused to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asburt Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, notifying the House that that body had
! passed bills of the following titles, viz:
S. No. 584. An act authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a register to the British bark
Fanny, under the name of Golden Mirror; and
H. R. No. 332. An act making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending 30th of June, 1854.1
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; and they thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker:
H. R. No. 291. An act to amend an act entitled
" An act for the discontinuance of the office of
1 surveyor general in the several districts, so soon
' as the surveys therein can be completed for abol-
' ishing land offices under certain circumstances,
'and for other purposes;"
H. R. No. 151. An act for the relief of the heirs
of William McFarland, deceased;
H. R. No. 296. An act for the relief of John J.
Sykes;
H. R. No. 171. An act for the relief of Thomas
P. Dudley; and
H. R. No. 301. An act for the relief of Philo
Smith.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion that the House do now proceed
to the consideration of the business opon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. POLK. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. VENABLE. I demand theyeasand nays
upon the motion. *
The yeas and nays were' ordered.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HENN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was then taken on the latter mo-
tion, and the House refused to adjourn—yeas 45,
nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averstt, Bren-
ton, Thompson Campbell, Chastain, Cottman, Cullom,
Daniel, Dawson, Dimmtck, Dunhatn, Evans,' Ewing,
Floyd, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, John Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kuhns, Landry, Mason, McLanahan, Meade, John
Moore, Morehead, Murray, Olds, Samuel W. Parker,
Penn, Polk, Riddle, Bobie, Boss, Bussell, Scurry, Skelton,
Snow, Sweetser, Wallace, Addison White, Williams, and
Woodward—45.
NAYS—MesSre. Aiken. Willis Allen, William Appleton,
Ashe, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bell, Bennett,
Bibighaus, Bocook, Bowie, Bragg, Briggs, Brooks, Albert
G. Brown, George II. Brown, Busby, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler. Chapman, Clark,
Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Curtis, Darby, George
T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee,
Eastman, Edgerton, Fay, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Grey,
Hammond, Harper, Hart, Haws, Hascall, Hendricks, Hill-
yer, Horsfbrd, Houston,Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas
Y. How, Jackson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Little,
Lockbart,Mann,Martin,McNair,Miller, Millson, Molony,
Murphy, Nabers, Newton, Orr. Andrew Parker, Peaslee,
Perkins, Porter, Price, Beed, Bobbins, Robinson, Sabine,
Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Smith,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Stratton, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor,
Thurston, Walbridge, Walsh,Washburn, Watkins, Wells,
andYatns—106.
So the House refused to adjourn.
