1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
Mr. WELLER. If it be in order, 1 move for J
a call of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor from California will not persist in that. The
same thing can be accomplished in another way.
I imagine, in the whole history of the body, there
has never been a call of the Senate under the par-
liamentary law, though it may be competent to
order one.
Mr. WELLER. The vote which has just
been taken shows that there are but forty-one
Senators present. That is a very slim Senate to
decide upon important Executive business; I am
taking it for granted that in Executive session
there will be important business for consideration.
It is for that reason that I desire there should be
as full a Senate as possible.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would state to the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, that there is no rule or order of the Senate
for a call of the Senate. There is, however, power
to send for absent Senators.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise to a point of order.
I wish to make the inquiry whether the last vote
was not directly upon going into Executive ses-
sion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the motion to be to postpone the bill,
for the purpose of going into Executive session.
Several Senators. It requires another vote
before we can go into Executive session. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair con-
siders it as one motion.
Several Senators., Oh, no.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will be upon the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, to proceed now to the consideration
of Executive business.
Mr. WALKER, Then I voted upon the yeas
and nays under a misapprehension. I thought 1.
was voting directly upon the motion to proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. MANGUM. Th* bill of the Senator from
California was passed by informally for that pur-
pose, I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina asked unanimous consent for
that purpose, but it was not given; and the ques-
tion, therefore, came up on the motion made by
the Senator from Rhode Island, to postpone the
bill in order to go into Executive session, which
has been agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. The question refers itself to
the record. What does the record say ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose the record is not
yet made up. The question is, What is the fact ?
The Senator from Rhode Island rose in his place
and moved, in terms, to postpone the pending
question for the purpose of submitting a motion to
go into Executive session.
Mr. CLARKE. As I am appealed to, I must
say, that my motion was to postpone the subject
then under consideration for the purpose of going
into Executive session.
Several Senators. Another motion is neces-
sary.
Mr. CLARKE. I have made a motion that
the Senate now proceed to the consideration of
Executive business.
Mr. WELLER. I am very reluctant to inter-
pose any objection to the motion, but I am unwill-
ing to have any important business transacted in
Executive session without a full Senate. The vote
which has just been taken discloses the fact that
we have not such a Senate. I shall, therefore, be
under the necessity of moving that the Senate now
adjourn. I make that motion with the hope that
whenever we do proceed to the consideration of
important Executive business we may have a full
Senate. I move that the Senate do now adjourn,
and on that motion I ask for the yeas and nays,
in order that we may ascertain how many are
present.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Charlton, De Saus-
«ure, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Feleb, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, James, Jones of low*. Mallory, Mason, Soute,
and Weller—16.
MAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Chase, Clarke, Davis,
Dixon, Fish, Geyer, Hale, Jones of Tennessee, Manguin,
Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade,
and Walker—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, when his name was called,
stated that he had paired off upon the question.
The question was then taken on the motion to
proceed to theconsideration of Executive business;
and there were, on a division—ayes 22, noes 5;
no quorum.
: Mr. WALKER. Let the question be taken
again; there is a quorum present.
I The question being again taken, there were, on
| a division—ayes 24, noes 8.
I So the motion was agreed to.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the consid-
| eration of Executive business; and after sometime
i spent therein, the doors were reopened,
| And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 20, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
TheJournalofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the bill to establish a branch Mint of the United
States in the city of New York.
Mr. HENN gave notice under the rule of his
intention to move for leave to introduce a bill
granting a certain quantity of public lands tp the
State of Iowa, in alternate sections, for the par-
pose of aiding said-State in the construction of
a railroad from the cities of Burlington and Keo-
kuck to the Missouri river in said State.
Mr. HENN, by unanimous consent, presented
a joint resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Iowa, asking a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Burlington and Keo-
kuck to the Missouri river; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HART, by unanimous consent, presented
a preamble and joint resolution of the Legislature
ef die State of New York, correcting an error in
the engrossment of a resolution of the last session
of said Legislature, on the subject of granting land
to all the States for educational purposes; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF THE GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
Mr. LANE. I ask to present the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, one thousand copies of the
supplement to the annual report of said Commissioner for
the years 1852-3.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That will go to the
Committee on Printing of this House, and I pre-
sume there will be no objection.
Mr. LANE. There are no extra copies of the
supplement printed.
There being no objection it was so ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House—and I hope I will be indulged with it
—to present, for the purpose of reference merely,
a memorial from the Legislature of the State of
Iowa, asking a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Davenport to the Mis-
souri river in said State.
There being no objection, the memorial was re-
ceived and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CLARK also presented a bill providing
for the object of the memorial, and moved its rfef-
erence to the same committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the in-
troduction of a bill of which no notice has been
given.
Mr. CLARK. It is a bill of which regular no-
tice has been given.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to it.
BRANCH MINT IN NEW YORK.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not desire or
expect to address the House upon the bill now
pending for the establishment of a Mint in New
York. I desirew however, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] will yield <me
the floor for the purpose, to have a passage read
from the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
made at the last session of Congress, and also a
1 short paragraph from the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury at the present session,
(which I understand was laid upon our tables this
| morning, and a printed copy of which I have re-
ceived,) upon the subject of the Mint.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it will not occupy too
much time, I will yield the floor to the gentleman.
Mr. JONES. It will occupy but little time.
Mr. BROOKS. I object, unless it comes out
of the time of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. JONES. I now ask the Clerk to read the
extract to which I have referred, from the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury at the last sea- m
sion of Congress.
The extract was read, as follows:
" The operations of the Mint during the past year have
been conducted with efficiency, and with highly satisfactory
results. Under the present system the depositors promptly
receive the value of their bullion so soon as it is assayed;
and though the deposits are made in large masses at short
intervals, on the arrival of the California steamers, yef the
assays are made and the payments commenced usually
within forty-eight hours, and the whole generally completed
within an average of live or six days after these heavy
amounts of bullion—frequently by two and three hundred
different depositors—arc received at the Mint; and the
whole duty is performed without any charge to the depos-
itors, except a mere fractional percentage for the actual
cost of Separating the bullion. It is believed that equal fa-
cilities are not presented to individuals by the Mints of any
other nation as are now given by the Mint of the United
States.
" The realization of the value of these large quantities of
bullion by the owners of it," without loss, within a few days
after it arrives in the United States, is accomplished by
means of the heavy bullion fund which can at present be
spared without inconvenience from the excess of means in
the Treasury."
Mr. JONES. I ask, now, that a paragraph be
read from the report of the Secretary, made at this
session.
It was read, as follows:
" The operations of the Mint, particularly at Philadelphia,
at which point the greater portion of all gold dust and bullion
concentrates, for assay and coinage, have been conducted
with a remarkable degree of promptness and dispatch, such
as to remove all cause of complainton the part of depositors,
notwithstanding the enormous amounts of gold dust which
have been and still continue to be received at that institu-
tion.
" The coinage at the Mint for the year ending31st Decem-
ber, 1852, was as follows :
Gold—6,094,765 pieces, of the V'itlnn of... $51,505,638 50
Silver—87,549,506 pieces  847,310 00
Copper—5,162,094 pieces  51,620 94 ,
Total $52,404,569 44."
Mr. CHANDLER, who was entitled to the
floor, yielded it to
Mr. TUCK. Mr. Speaker, this is not the first
time we have had a discussion upon this subject of
the Mint, between the representatives of the State
of Pennsylvania and the city of Philadelphia upon
the one part, and the representatives of the State
and city of New York upon the other. Thus far.
the discussion, not only in the last Congress, but
in this, seems to have progressed upon the ground
that no other parts of tne country are interested in
this question. With all kindness towards gentle-
.men representing these two important cities and
States, I must say, that I believe if the Congress
of the United States establish a branch Mint in the
city of New York, they will do it for the general
convenience of the country, and not for the partic-
ular benefit of the city of New York. On the other
hand, if it is determined to refuse this, and put up
with the Mint we have now in the city of Phil-
adelphia, Congress will do it, because we believe
that that Mint is adequate to supply all the interests
of the country. Although as I live, as do most of the 0
Representatives from New England, nearer to the
city of New York than any of the Representatives
from the State of New York do, yet we have not
manifested that particular and personal interest in
this question which the Representatives of that
State have already exhibited. Although repre-
senting a constituency that would seem to be in-
terested in the establishment of a branch Mint at
New York, if local position alone could make
them so, yet I rise now, and consent at this im-
portant period of the session, to take a little of the
precious time we have left, in order to do a little
if I can towards preventing the outlay of hundreds
of thousands of dollars to establish this branch
Mint. I believe that no question has come up,
within the last four years, which has had such a
perfect demonstration against its merits, as that
to establish a branch Mint in the city of New
York. If it has not been proved that the country
does not need it, it is not possible to prove any-
thing. The Mint at Philadelphia has a capacity
; of coining at the present time, from year to year,
I twice the amount that any one can consider it
I possible for the country to demand—having a
