860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 20,
We have gone further; we have established
Mints in other parts of the country. We have
established onein North Carolina, one in Georgia,
another in New Orleans, and recently one in Cal-
ifornia, upon the shores of the Pacific.
Why has this been done? I repeat, why lias
this been done' Is it because we have abandoned
the old idea that the Mint should be always lo-
cated at the seat of Government, and have em-
braced that new idea, which has been taught us by
the progress of things in this country, that all
these things follow the laws of population, of trade,
and of commerce?
Now, sir, let me call the attention of the House
for a moment to this question as it is presented
upon the bill before you. We do not seek to de-
prive Philadelphia of the prerogative which she
seeks to exercise by the Mint already established
there. Let her retain it. Let the Philadelphia
Mint be the chief Mint, as it is designed to be by
ihe language of this bill. Let it be the regulator
of our coin, from which shall issue all directions
in regard to coinage throughout this country.
There should be such a center. There should be
a regulating power. It is necessary, to carry out
the very idea that gentlemen urge in opposition to
this bill, that we should have a sure, definite, and
unmistakable currency in this country. To attain
and preserve this, the coinage should be regulated
by one central power, and however much that
power ought to be located at the seat of commeice
in the great commercial emporium of the country,
yet I would not deprive Pennsylvania, I would
not deprive the city of Philadelphia—dear to me
and to all of us by her glorious revolutionary as-
sociations, her magnificent enterprises, and her
ennobling charities—of what of advantage she
enjoys in this central Mint. Let her retain the
prerogative. Let her hold the scepter. Let her
exercise the ruling power. All we ask is, that
the wants of commerce at New York shall not be
neglected, as they have not been neglected in other
parts of the country. We ask you to apply the
same rule of wise and beneficent legislation to that [
city. Although she collects three fifths of your
revenue; although it is the acknowledged seat of
the great commerce of the country, and from its
natural position must remain so, we ask no special j1
privileges. We ask only that you shall apply to 1
her the same rule that you have applied to other
localities, far inferior in point of commercial im-
portance. i
Why did you locate a branch Mint in Georgia ? 1
It was to accommodate the miners. It was to ad-
vance the mining and coining interest there. Why
did you locate one in North Carolina? It was
for the same reason. And why have you recently
established one on the shores of the Pacific? It
was for the double reason of advancing the mining
interest and the interest of commerce upon the
Pacific.
But, sir, look at the course of this commerce.
See where it tends, see where it centers, and will
center, in spite of any laws that you may pass, j
The laws of trade and commerce override all your
enactments. The gold of California comes, and
will continue to come, where the interests of (hose
concerned in trade demand that it shall come, and
that is to the great center of commerce upon your
Atlantic shores. It is flowing there. It is pour-
ing in floods into that emporium, and we find
that during the last year between fifty and sixty
millions of dollars' worth of that gold has been
brought into the city of New York—for the purpose
of coinage—from the shores of the Pacific.
To this is to be added a large amount from an-
other source. A great portion of the immigration
r at ?Pe our shores comes to the port
of New York. The better class of immigrants
bring with them a large amount of European coin ,
That class of immigrants, of late years, has great-
ly increased, and they bring millions of dollars in
the gold and silver coins of Europe, which they
desire to have converted into American coin
Here, then, at the port of New York, is con-
centrated four fifths of the money and bullion
which seeks coinage m our country. The whole
amount is estimated, by good judges, at not less ,1
than sixty millions a year. This vast amount !
centering there demands coinage as rapidly as i!
possible, for the purposes of commerce, and the
daily business of life. j
Now, sir, what do you impose upon the peo- '
pie who bring to us their golden harvest? You
subject them to the necessity of taking every dollar
of this money to Philadelphia. They must go
one hundred miles from the place where they have
landed, for the purpose of converting their money
or bullion into the shape in which they can use it.
They must be subjected to this unnatural neces-
sity, and to the incidental charges of freight and
insurance which attend it—expenses which, at the
lowest estimate, made by candid judges, are at
least <30,000 a year.
Mr. CHANDLER. What do I understand
the gentleman to say is the amount of cost?
Mr. SEYMOUR. Thirty thousand dollars an-
nually.
' Mr. CHANDLER. The offer is to carry it
both ways at three eighths of one per cent., until,
at that rate, their receipts amount to §25,000 per
year, and after that they carry the balance for
nothing, however large it may be.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I say that the amount of
freight and insurance amounts to $30,000 per
annum.
Mr. CHANDLER. Freight and insurance is
included intheofferofthreeeighths of one percent.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I know not what offers may
have been made for the purpose of influencing this
question, but I do know what the charge has been
in the practical business operations of this matter;
and I say that, from estimates made, the lowest
amount of freight and insurance will not abate one
dollar from #30,000 a year.
Sir, I cannot better elucidate this matter, and
show the great burden which this unnatural ar-
rangment imposes upon the producer, the miner,
and upon the poor emigrant, as well as upon the
general commerce of the country, than by referring
to the very able exposition of this whole subject,
made by the late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Walker, in an annual report to Congress, to which
I ask the especial attention of the House. That
accomplished statesman and able finartcier says:
"I renew the recommendations contained in all my an-
nual reports, for the establishment of a branch of the Mint j
of the United States at the city of New York. That city,
our great commercial metropolis, is advancing to its ulti-
mate position so important to the whole country as the em-
porium of universal commerce, the center of international
exchanges, and the store-house of the products of the world.
To attain this result, we might secure for our great empo-
rium (in competition with foreign cities) the command of
her due proportion of coin and bullion. Now, it is clear
that when bullion cannot be coined, and no recoinage can
take place, this cannot be accomplished. America is the
great continent of the precious metals. They are now
found in extraordinary quantities in our own Union, and to
a vast extent in countries adjacent. Yet, nearly all this
coin and bullion are diverted to other countries and esne-
milllv to flruot Dritnin lininn nnn tl,n .i' . . .
truth as is urged in relation to specie, that it would be no
injury to the commerce of the Union, if light and costly
articles would be sent at buttrithngexpense, risk, or delay,
from New York to' some distant city, there be stamped,
marked, or labeled, and then returned to New York for
sale and distribution in the general markets of our own
country or of the world. It >eems to be forgotten by those
who present such arguments, that in a great commercial
capital where business to the amount of millions of dollars
is transacted from ten to three o'clock, how important time
is when the delay—nay, often of an hour—maybe most dis-
astrous, and change the balance of profit to loss. Merchants
and men of business should be permitted to exchange their
bullion or foreign coin for American, in a few hours or
moments, as amid be done at a Mint, or receive at once
Mint certificates of deposit, which often might be to them
of the greatest importance.
"The trade in bullion and specie—m itselfonegreatbranch
ofconnnercc, indispensable in the transaction of business,
and especially of international exchange—already exists to
a great extent in New Yoik ; but n limited in diffusing its
benefits to American commerce and exchanges by the want
of a Mint. Now, it is subject to expense, risk, and delay
to put it into a form for circulating values, that delay itself
being a great loss of capital; whilst the foreign coin, con-
sisting of denominations unknown to the great body of our
people, is almost useless for the purpose of general circula-
tion. It is the lapidity of the circulation ot coin that gives
it its chief value, and accumulates capital by the speedy re-
alization of profits ; and the American eagle, or half eagle,
and other decimal coinage, might, in a few months, perform
more of the functions "of money, and pass more rapidly
thiough a greater variety of hands, than if it were in some
foieign and unkuovvn com winch would not circulate among
the people. Hence it is that a Mint at New York, to give ac-
tivity to our specie circulating capital by converting it at once
into American coin, would be of vast importance to the
whole Union. Credit, when based on real capital, is highly
beneficial to the commerce of the country. And specie is
one of the main pillars upon which credit can repose with
assured confidence, and we must have that specie as the
basis of such credit at our commercial emporium, if we in-
deed desire to make it the oemter of international exchanges.
" The branch Mint would be most important as auxiliary to
the operations of the constitutional Treasury; for the present
Assistant Treasurer nt New York would then become the
Treasurer of the branch Mint, and perforin both functions
precisely as is now done at Philadelphia and New Orleans,
saving the expense of an increase of officers, preventing
double entries and payments, and simplifying theoperations
of the Government, and saving to the Government and
merchant the risk and cost of the double custody and trans-
fer from the Collector to the Assistant Treasurer."
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House now
proceed to the consideration of business upon the
Speaker's table; and in connection with that, I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose,
if possible, of getting through some of the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. STUART. Does the Chair hold that the
ui.uiv/ uuici ^uuuuit:^, ana espe- a ~ —  — *♦<-«■ <
cially to Great Britain, being one of the chief instruments T gentleman can make both motions ?
in aiding that country in maintaining her command of the
business of the world. By steamships and by exports of
her own products and fabrics, she accumulates coin and
bullion in London, and provides for their coinage and re-
coinage in the least time and without expense ; and vet in
our own commercial emporium, we have no Mint, or even
a branch Mint, for the important process of coinage or re-
coinage. If we would command the commerce of all na-
tions, it must be through some one American commercial
emporium, the great center of our own trade and business
The history of trade demonstrates that some such great
point is indispensable to enable any nation to command uni-
versal commerce, and that such concentration at some one
city, instead of injuring other cities or parts of the same
country, is of immense benefit to ail. There cannot be two
or more financial centers of the foreign commerce of any
one nation any more than there can be two or more centers
of a circle. The same principle of the center of the trade
of a nation applies to the trade of the world. There can
be but one such center for the world, and but one for each
nation, which in this country,from natural causes, must be
New York, where the competition must soon commence
with foreign cities for the control of international commerce.
Now, as the command of the specie of the world is of im-
mense benefit to our whole country, and can only be secured
by making one of our own cities the center of universal com-
merce, it is indispensable to success in this great American
enterprise that specie and bullion should be invited from all
the world to New York—not by any unjust advantages, but
by giving to it equal facilities with our other cities for coin-
age and recoinagc.
" ft is not for New York merely, or for its commerce, that
this Mintis desired, but for the benefit of the whole Union.
The store-house of the goods and products of the Union
must become the store-house ot its specie. Where the com
merce and goods are, there the representatives of their
value must be also, and there, also, should be every facility I
which a Mint would give for increasing these circulating
values, and for bnnging them into immediate and active
use in any form which might be desired. It is in vain to
say that the specie or bullion brought by our commerce to
New York, can be sent to a distant point where there is a
Mint, with but little delay, risk, or expense. It is clear there
must be some risk, delay, and expense operating as a tax-
on the business of our commercial emporium, and to that
extent rendering unequal her contest with European cities
for universal commerce. Coinage and recoinage should be
mmediate, without any risk, expense, or delay;' and it i
might be said, as regards merchandise, with nearly the same i
The SPEAKER. The Chair so holds.
Mr. STUART. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, holding that the
previous question is entirely inoperative upon the
motion made by the gentleman from Alabama, de-
clines to propound it.
Mr. STUART. If the Chair will allow me to
make a suggestion, he will see that it is not in-
operative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to ex-
plain. The motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama is, that the rules of the House be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, which
is not debatable, and which, under the rules, the
Chair must propound directly; the formality of de-
manding and ordering the previous question may,
therefore, with perfect propriety, under the rules,
be dispensed with.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The honorable gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] on yesterday moved to take the
petition of the trustees of the Monticello Academy,
in the State of Mississippi, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, and refer the same to the
Committee on Public Lands. I give notice of a
motion to reconsider the vote upon that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered,
as it cannot be considered at this time.
Mr. HENN. Is the pending motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole, or to the business
upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HENN. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
