1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
The question was then taken, and it was deci-
ded in the nesritive—yeas St), nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Mem. Willis Allen, Allison, Ashe, Averett,
Beu:ieU, Boofick, Albert G. Brown, Husby, Joseph Cable,
Cartter, rha«ain, CUunen«, robb, Colcoo'k, Cullom, Cur-
tis, John O l>a\ is, Dawson. Dean, Dimtnick, Dunham, Ed-
mumhMHi, Rvans, Faulkner, Floyd, Gamble, biddings, Gor-
man. Gmw, Hall, UliaiuG. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Houston, Howard, John XV.
Howe, l\e<, J  siktn>, \ndrew Johnson, Robert W. John
•*>n, Daniel T. Jones, George XV. Jone?, Preston Kin^,
Kurtz, I,etcher, Mason, Mel orkle, MeLanaiian, McMnl-
lia, McN'air,.Meade, MilUon, JohuMoore,Morehead, Mur-
phy, Murra\, Orr, Outlaw, Pejslee, Penn, Pht*Ip&>,
Polk, K«^m\ Robinson, Ros>, Savage, Scurry, Skelton,
Smith, Kiehant H Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, St.
Martin, Stratton, Sweetser, V enable, VVatkins, and Wil-
liriek—n).
NAYS—-Mes>n*. Charles \llen, John Appleton, William
Appleton, Rabeook, Thomas H. Bayly, Rarrere, Bartlett,
Bell, Btbighans, Bowie, Brenton, Brooks, George
H. Brown, Burrows, (aid well, Lewis D.Campbell, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Clark, Clmgman, CotUuan, Darby, Disney,
Dockery, Dot\, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton,
Kwmj, Fav, Florence. Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gaylord, Gilniore. Goodenow, Green, Grey, Hammond,
Harper, Hart, Haws, Henn, Horstord, Thomas Y. How,
Ingersoll, Jackson, James Johnson, John Johnson, George
G. Kins, Kuhns, Laudr), Little, Mann, Marshall, Martin,
Meacham, Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, \a-
hers, Newton, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penni-
man. Porter, Preston. Price, Riddle, Robbing, Russell, Sa-
bine, Saekett. Scherme/horu, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Stsinour, Stanlv, Benjamin Stanton, Strother,
Stuart, Sutherland, Ta\lor, Thurston, Toombs, Towns-
heml, Tuck. Walbridge, Walsh, Ward. Washburn, Welch,
Wells. Addison White. Alexander White, Williams, and
Woodward—100.
So the House refused to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the gtateof the Union.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STUART. 1 renew the demand for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair reconsiders the
hasty decision he made upon that subject a short
time since, and entertains the motion, for the rea-
son that by an express rule of the House, the pre1
rious question being seconded, cuts off a motion
for a call of the House. That being the fact, the
demand for the previous question upon either mo-
tion is, in the opinion of the Chair, in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the Speaker
to decide that the previous question will hold upon
a motion to suspend the rules and go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It does upon the pending
motion that the House proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand the ef-
fect of the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The decision is, that the pre- !
vious question is in order on the pending motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair allow me to
ask a question in connection with this matter?
Suppose I rise and move, as I did this morning, with
a view to make a motion to pass into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and some gentleman calls the previous question
upon the motion to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table, would I be precluded from making
the motion afler that to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union? Would
the previous question, being called upon the mo-
tion now before the House, have any effect upon
a subsequent motion to suspend the rules and go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to make that
point of order upon the gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. That would be a very strange
point of order. It is no point of order.
The SPEAKER. The 50th rule is:
" The previous question shall be in this form : ' Shall the
main question benowputr' It shall only be admitted when
demanded by a majority of the members present, and its
effects shall be to put an end to all debate, and bring the
House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit, if such
motion shall have been made; and if this motion does not
prevail, then upon amendments reported by a committee, if
any; then upon pending amendments, and then upon the
main question. On a motion for the previous question,
and prior to the seconding of the same, a call of the House
shall be in order; but after a majority shall have seconded
sach tnouon, no call shall be in order prior to a decision of
the main question."
Now, as the effect of the main question would
be to cut off a motion for a call of the House, the
Chair is of opinion, that the motion for the pre-
vious question is now in order. !,
The previous question was then seconded.
i The SPEAKER. The next question is:" Shall
1 the main question be now put?
Mr. VENABLE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, twenty
only voting in favor thereof.
The question was then taken, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put: which main question being
" Shall the House proceed to the business upon
the Speaker's table-" it was put, and decided in
the affirmative.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that that
communication be referred to the Committee on
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES. 1 now movethat fifteen thousand
extra copies be printed for the use of the House.
If there be objection, the question to print extra
numbers will have to go to the Committee on
Printing.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER next laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting the accounts for receipts and disburse-
ments for the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30th, 1852; which was, on motion,
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PERCENTAGE FUNDS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is an amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
283, entitled " An act to extend the provisions of
' an act approved the 3d of March, 1847, and an
'act approved the 26th of February, 1849, for
' carrying into effect the existing compacts with
' the States of Alabama and Mississippi, in rela-.
' tion to the five per cent, fund and school reser-
' vations."
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment of the Sen-
ate is only the correction of a recital in the bill of
the title of a previous act. I move that the House
concur in the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have returned
Senate bill No. 477, entitled "An act to continue
half pay to certain widows and orphans," with an
amendment to the amendment of^the House.
Mr. COBB. That is the bill 'to which I called
the attention of the House a few mornings since.
The Senate have agreed to the amendment of the
House, and have added another to it. I am per-
fectly willing that it shall now be concurred in if it
does not conflict with the object we have in view.
That we may understand the matter, I inquire of
the Chair whether an amendment would now be in
order to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Senate propose an
amendment to the amendment of the House. Their
amendment is in the second degree.
Mr. COBB. They agreed to one amendment,
and then made an additional amendment.
The SPEAKER. They propose an amend-
ment to one amendment, and that is the last de-
gree in which an amendment can be made; and it
is therefore not in order now to amend the bill.
Mr. COBB. The amendment put upon this bill
a few days since, when it was under considera-
tion, does not carry out entirely the object in-
tended; and that it may be perfected, I move a
non-concurrence in the amendment of the Senate.
It is a good amendment, and I shall ultimately
vote for it; but I have moved a non-concurrence
that a committee of conference may be raised to
perfect the bill to the satisfaction of members.
TheSPEAKER. TheamendmentoftheHouse
is as follows:
" Add at the end of the bill the following:
" Provided further, That the provisions of this act be
extended to the widows and orphans of officers and sol-
diers of the war of 1812 and the Florida war."
The Senate propose to amend it by adding, as
anew section, the following:
" And be it farther enacted, That the widows of all offi-
cers, non commissioned officers, soldiers, musicians, and
privates of the revolutionary Army, who were married sub
sequent to January, 1800, shall be entitled to a pension in the , j
same manner as those who were married before that date."
Mr. STUAUT. I understand the motion is to
non-concur in that amendment of the Senate?
Mr. COBB. That is the motion, and it is sub-
mitted only with a view to the raising of a com-
mittee of conference, that the bill may be per-
fected. The amendment, in my opinion, as I have
said before, is a good one.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not concurred in.
Mr. COBB. I now move that there be a com-
mittee of conference on the bill. *
The SPEAKER. That motion is generally, in
such a case, made on the part of the other body.
Mr. COBB. Very well, then, I withdraw the
motion.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have sent back
House bill No. 332, entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending the 30th of June, 1834,"
with several amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that it is
worth while to read the amendments. They are
such as need reference, and I move that they be
referred to the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let them go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, then. I move
that they be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and they were so re-
ferred.
JOINT RULES.
The SPEAKER presented to the House the
following joint resolution from the Senate; which
was read a first and second time by its title:
Joint resolution providing for an amendment to the 16th
joint rule:
Rcsolced, (the Ilouse of Representatives concurring,)
. That the 16th joint rule of the two Houses be amended by
adding the following thereto :
And all general appropriation bills shall be sent at least
ten days previous to the day fixed for the adjournment of
Con^re?s.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
reading of the 16th joint rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall be
sent lor concurrence to the other on either of the last three
days of the session."
Mr. STEPHENS. I think, if the amendment
of the Senate be adopted, that we will hardly get
any of the appropriation bills through this session.
It is now the 20th of January, and that all the ap-
propriation bills may be sent to the Senate ten days
before the adjournment, which will be the 21st of
February, the House will have to sit here every
working day in the consideration of that and no
other business. I think we had better reject this
proposition of the Senate, and adhere to the old
rule of three days. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Rules, if there be such
a committee.
The SPEAKER. There is no such committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. I then move that it be laid
upon the table.
The question was taken, andj the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I "move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, if he will let us proceed in
the consideration of the business upon the Speak-
er's table for one hour, that so far as I am con-
cerned, I shall interpose no objection to the House
resolving itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. My object is to save
time.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, there being on a
division—ayes 43, noes not counted.
CENSUS PRINTING.
Mr. GORMAN. I beg leave to make the re-
port from the Committee on Printing which I
was precluded from submitting on yesterday, in
consequence of the decision of the Chair on apoint
of order raised by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Stuart.] Its consideration will occupy but
a few minutes. It is simply a resolution of in-
