362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3an. 20,
quiry for the purpose of getting the subject of the
priming of the census before the Committee on
Printing. Unless the resolution be adopted very
soon, this matter in all probability will not be be-
fore us for action this session.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing inquire into
the expediency of ordering the printing and binding of the
Seventh Census of the United States.
1st. Its cost per copy under the price of the public printer.
2d. The matter proper to be published.
And report at th« earliest possible day to this House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
amend that resolution, by insetting after the first
clause the words:
And whether the said printing can be executed at a
cheaper rate elsewhere than by the pubhc printer.
Mr. GORMAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Is it intended
that this resolution shall be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing of this House, or the Joint
Committee on Printing of both Houses?
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. The resolution not being a
joint one, the Chair supposes that it would go to
the Committee on Printing of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that, as
this is an inquiry as to the propriety of printing
the census, and what portion shall be printed, it
should go to the Joint Committee on Printing. If
it were a proposition to print extra, or any given
number of copies for this House, it would goto
the Committee on Printing of this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman who has reported the resolution,
the propriety of designating more clearly his in-
tention as to its committal.
Mr. GORMAN. The Committee on Printing
has nothing before it upon which it can act with
regard to the printing of the Seventh Census, and
unless the resolution I have just reported be adopt-
ed, no member of this Congress will get a copy
of the census. Unless the House refer something
in regard to that printing to us, we can take no
action on the subject. The Senate have referred
the matter to a select committee. We propose by
this resolution, to refer it to the Committee on
Printing, to inquire what the cost per copy will
be, under the price of the public printer, what it
will be elsewhere, and what portion is proper to
be printed. As I have already said, we cannot
act until the House gives us something to act upon.
After the Committee on Printing have, in accord-
ance with the instructions of the resolution, re-
ported to the House the result of their investigation,
the matter may be referred to the joint committee,
who then will be able to report in five or six days.
Mr STANTON, of Kentucky. My object is
simply to prevent any misunderstanding about
the matter. It is not material to me whether the
resolution goes to the Committee on Printing of
the House or the Joint Committee on Printing. I
think it ought to go to the joint committee, and
therefore move that the resolution be amended by
the insertion before the word "committee," of
the word "joint," so that it will read, "the Joint
Committee on Printing."
Mr. STUART. 1 submit to the Chair and the
gentleman from Kentucky, that we cannot refer
matters to a committee which we cannot compel
to report. If the resolution be made a joint one,
every purpose will be answered. Then the Joint
Committee on Printing can act upon it, but we
cannot refer to any committee or any person or
body of persons whose report we cannot coerce.
Mr. GORMAN. One moment will satisfy the
gentleman that he is mistaken. There is no such
committee on the part of the House. There is no
committee known to your rules but the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing. There are somethings which
can be done by the members of the House com-
mittee in regard to your own printing, but there is
no committee on printing but a joint one.
Mr. STUART. We discussed this question at
the last session until every one understood it, and
there is no principle better established in parlia-
mentary law than that you cannot coerce a com-
mittee over which you have no control to report.
The SPEAKER. We are acting under a law
of Congress. By law we have constituted a joint
committee of the two Houses. The Chair is of
opinion that either House could refer to that com-
mittee under the law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How can we co-
erce a committee of this House to report ?
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to take up time,
if that is the opinion of the Speaker. I have no
private opinion about it.
Mr. HAVEN. There is no occasion for dis-
cussion about this. The twelfth section of the act
we passed last year provides that there shall be a
joint committee.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the resolution
as amended, and it was agreed to.
PUBLIC EXECUTIONS IN THE DISTRICT.
Senate bill No. 369, prohibiting public execu-
tions in the District of Columbia, was then read the
first and second times.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. WALSH. I submit that the bill now in
order is bill No. 64, which we were last engaged
upon when disposing of the business upon the
Speaker's table. It was read the first and second
time, and when the House adjourned there was a
motion pending, made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to refer it to the Committee
on Foreign Relations; and there was also a motion
pending, by the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hibbard,] to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole. I make the point, that that bill is now
first in order as unfinished business on the Speak-
er's table. The Journal will show that that was
the state of the case when the bill was before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
fioint of order raised by the gentleman from Mary-
and, [Mr. Walsh.]
Mr. WALSH. I take an appeal from that de-
cision.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas (
59, nays 102, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, Ashe, Averett,
Beale, Bragg, Busby, Joseph Cable, Caskie, Clemens, Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel, JohnG. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick,
Dunham, Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Floyd, Gorman,
Grow, Haven, Hendricks, Houston, Howard, Ives, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Pres-
ton King, Mason, McMullin, Meade, Millson, John Moore,
Murphy, Murray, Olds, Outlaw, Peaslee, Penn, Robie,
Robinson, Scurry, Skelton, Smith, St. Martin, Stratum,
Sweetser, Venable, Watkins, Wilcox, VVUdrick, Williams,
and Woodward—59.
NAVS—Messrs. Charles Allen, John Appleton, William
I Appleton, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bartlett,
j Bibighaus, Bowie, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks,
| Albert G. Brown, Borrows, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Carttcr, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Clmgman, Comnaii,
Cullom, Curtis, Darby, George T. Davis, Disney, Dockery,
Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Ewing, Fay,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gayloid, Biddings, Gil-
more, Goodenow, Green, Grey, Hammond, Harper, Hart,
j Haws, Henn, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How,
Ingersoll, Jackson, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Little, Mann,
Martin, Meacham, Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry D.
Moore, Nabers, Newton, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, Penniman, Porter, Preston, Price, Reed, Riddle,
Robbins, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Scudder, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strother, Suth-
erland, Taylor, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridjre,
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Wells, Addison White,
and Yates—102. '
Mr. HALL, pending the call of the yeas and
nays, said: I had agreed to pair off with Mr. Mc-
Donald, of Maine, until the 15th instant, upon
the French spoliation bill. 1 have since been
given to understand by the friends of Mr. Mc-
Donald that such was not the understanding of
that gentleman, but that he understood 1 was to
pair off with him on all questions that could pos-
sibly have any bearing upon that bill. Although
I am exceedingly anxious to vote against the
French spoliation bill in every shape, yet, for
these reasons, I shall decline to vote upon this
question.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is upon the appeal taken from the decision of the
Chair by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Walsh,] in regard to the proper disposition of
the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. VENABLE. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. SKELTON. What is the decision of the
Chair ?
I The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
1 is, that bill No. 64—the French spoliation bill—is
not in order at this time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to vote tyiderstand-
ingly. What are the reasons which the Chair
gives for his decision ?
The SPEAKER. It will be remembered by
the House that this bill was reported from the
Senate, and taken from the Speaker's table regu-
larly as one of the bills reported from the Senate
at the last session; that it had its first and second
reading; that a motion was made to recommit it;
and without disposing of it, the House adjourned.
The question was raised upon the floor, and the
Speaker was spoken to by several gentlemen in
I reference to the order in which that bill lay upon
the table, and the decision of the Chair in regard
to it—which was acquiesced in by the friends of
the bill at that time—was, that it took its place
upon the Speaker's table, and was the first in
order in its class, as prescribed by the 27th rule,
which the Chair will read:
" After one hour shall have been devoted to reports from
committees and resolutions, it shall bp m order, pending
the consideration or discussion thereof, to entertain a mo-
tion that the House do now proceed to depose of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, and to the orders of the day,
which being decided in the affirmative, the Speaker shall
dispose of the business oil his table in the following order,
/iz
" 1st. Messages and other Executive communications."
That we did to-day.
" 2d. Messages from the Senate, and amendments pro-
posed by the Senate to bills of the House."
That we have been engaged in to-day.
j " 3d. Bills and resolutions from the Senate on their first
] and second reading," &c.
That we were proceeding to do when the pro-
ceedings were interrupted by the question of order;
and that is what the Chair now holds to be in
order.
"4th. Engrossed bills and bills from the Senate on their
third reading.
" 5th. Bills of the House and from the Senate, on the
Speaker's table, on their engrossment."
Which is the condition of this bill No. 64, and
is first in order when we reach that class of busi-
ness. The Chair will further state, that he humbly
| conceives there is not a case in the history of le-
| gislation where the practice has been otherwise;
and if the principle or rule is set aside, the Chair
does not know what will govern him in the dis-
charge of his duty as the Presiding Officer of this
body. The Chair holds that it is the first busi-
ness in its class, and cannot be taken out of it
until you set aside the rules, which you can only
do by a vote of two thirds.
1 Mr. WALSH. Mr. Speaker 
M r. JONES, of Tennessee. This appeal is not
debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, but the
Chair trusts that the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Walsh] will be indulged in stating his rea-
sons.
Mr. WALSH. I will state my reasons with
hesitancy, beinga new member, but I do it because
I am clear in my convictions that the House, by
its action, has placed this bill in the third class.
" Bills and resolutions from the Senate on their first and
second reading, that they be referred to committees and
put under way; hut if, on being read a second time, no
motion be made to commit, they are to be ordered to their
third reading unless objection be made: in which case, if
not otherwise ordered by a majority of the House, they are
to be laid on the table in the general file of bills on the
1 Speaker's table, to be taken up in their turn."
So far as my observation extends, the uniform
course of the House has been to require a motion
to commit, in order to keep bills alive and before
i the House, and not mingled in a mass upon the
Speaker's table. 1 contend that, there being a
motion to commit this bill to the Committee ofthe
Whole, and also a motion to commit it to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, it has maintained
, its position in that third class, and thus becomes
, subject to the operation of the 58th rule; which
reads as follows:
" The unfinished business in which the House was en-
gaged at the last preceding adjournment shall have the
preference in the orders of the day; and no motion or any
other business shall he received without special leave of
the House, until the former is disposed of."
The SPE AKER. The Chair will make a sin-
gle suggestion at this point. Would the gentle-
man assume that this bill was apart of the orders
of the day as understood by our laws ?
Mr. WALSH. I think so. The House were
