1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
363
encash at this the last thing preceding an adjourn-
mem 
The SPEAKER. Then everything is the or-
der of the day.
Mr. WALSH. It is to be regarded as unfin-
ished business. The reason we did not go back
to the Speaker's table afterwards was, that through
the whole session motions were made constantly
to go into the Commiitee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, which the Speaker always decided to
he privileged questions. When we go back to
the Speaker's table, this bill comes up as unfinished
business within the rule, and within its spirit. The
motion was made to commit, and the understand-
ing was, with all respect to the Chair 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman allow
the Chair a single suggestion here. If the gentle-
man is right in supposing that it is in the orders of
the day, then he puts it behind every particle of
business upon the Speaker's table, according to an
express rule.
Mr. WALSH. "The unfinished business
shaU have preference of orders of the day."
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will allow
him, the Chair will point him to the rule. After
you have disposed of the fifth and last class, " and
the messages, communications, and bills on his ta-
ble having been disposed of, the Speaker shall
then proceed to call the orders of the day." This
is the only process, except suspending the rules,
by which you can reach the orders.
Mr. WALSH. I would say, in conclusion,
that the rule which I have read brings the bill be-
fore the House, because, if there be no motion to
commit, it does not take its position among the
general bills on the Speaker's table, but it keeps
its i■ lace before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any further de-
bate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is called to order. Debate is not in order.
The question pending is the motion^o lay the ap-
peal taken by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Wixsa] upon the table.
Mr. moved to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. STUART. If the appeal should not be
laid upon the table, it would compel us to take the
other vote. If there be no objection, I think that
we had better vote directly upon the appeal.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. POLK. I object.
The question was then taken; and there were— ;
yeas 91, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Alien, Allison, Averett, Beale,
Brass, Albert G. Brown, Busby, Caldwell, Cartler, Caskie,
Clark. ciingman. Cobb, Coleock, Conger, Cullom, Curtis,
Daniel, John G. Davis, Daws-on, Dean, Diimnick, Dun
ham. Durkee. Eastman, Edmundson, Evans. Ewing, Faulk-
n-r, Flo;d. Gamble, Gorman, Grow. Islmm G. Harri",
VV. Ham*, Haven, I(eminek-, Henn, Hibbard,
Houston, Howard, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George VV. Jones,
Pre.-ton Kins, Kurtz, Loekhart, Mason, McCorkle, Mc-
Mulli n, Meade. Millson, Moloriv, John Moore, Morehead,
Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker. Pea-lee, Penniman, Polk, Preston, Robbins, Robie,
Robinson, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smith,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton. Alexander H.
Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratron, Stuart. Sweetser,
Venahle, Walking, Wilcox, Wildnck, Williams, and
Wo*xiward—.'I.
XAYS—Messrs. Aiken. John Appleton, \\ illiam Apple-
ton, Thomas H. Bavly, Barrere, liartlett, Bell, Bennett,
Bowie, Brenton, Brings, George H. Brown, Burrows,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Oottman, Darby,
George T. Davis, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Edger-
ton, Fai, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gid-
dings. Gilmore. Goodenow, Green, Grev, Hammond, Har-
per, Hart, Haws, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y.
How, Inger-oll. Robert W. Johnson, George G. King,
Kuhns, Landry, Little, Maun, Martin, Mear ham, Miller,
Miner Henry D. Moore, Newton, Samuel W. Parker,
Price,' Heed, Kiddle, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Scudder, Origen S. Seymour, Smart. Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton,Sutherland, Taylor,Thurston, Toombs,
Toivnshend, Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn,
Welch, Wells, Addison White, and Yates—80.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Strother.
Mr. STUART. Agreeably to what I stated to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] I
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary,
notifying the House that the Senate had insisted
upon their amendment to the amendment of the
liouse to the bill providing half-pay pensions to
the widows and orphans of deceased officers and
soldiers, and requesting a conference with the
House upon said disagreeing votes.
On motion by Mr. COBB, it was
Ordered, That the House agree to the conference asked
foi by the Senate on the said bill.
[And Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, Mr. Isham G.
Harris , of Tennessee, and Mr. Porter, of Mis-
souri, were appointed the said committee on the
part of the House.]
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stpart, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
PUBLIC EXECUTIONS.
Senate bill No. 369, entitled "An act to pro-
hibit public executions in the District of Colum-
bia," was then read the first and second time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That bill was
prepared for a special case, which has passed. I
move that the bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man will not make that motion. It provided for
future executions.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am opposed to that.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman will consent, I
wish to refer it to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions so to amend it as to abolish capi-
tal punishment altogether within the District.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am more strongly op-
posed to it than ever. I move to lay it upon the
table, and upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Wilcox appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported that there were—ayes 45, noes 89.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by M. P. Fillmore,
his Private Secretary, that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles, viz:
H. R. No. 329. An act making an appropriation
for the payment of Navy pensions for the year
ending the 3>lth of June, 1854.
H. R. No. 243. An act to surrender to the State
of Ohio the unfinished portion of the Cumberland
road in said State.
H. R. No. 198. An act for the relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of Joseph Arnow, de-
ceased. .
H. R. No. 330. An act making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States, for the year ending the 3Uth
June, 1854.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to so amend it as to abolish capital
punishment within the District of Columbia. I
have no disposition to detain the House upon this
subject. I will, before I take my seat, move the
previous question. The question as to the refer-
ence and instructions can be divided after the pre-
vious question may have been sustained; and if the
bill be not referred, I will vote to pass it as it is.
I ask the previous question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the gentleman
to withdraw the previous question until I can offer
an amendment to his instructions, so as to give to
the jurors discretion over the matter.
Mr. STANLY. If the previous question is
sustained, and the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee is voted down, will the question then
be upon the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will thenbeforthe House
to determine what disposition they will make of
the bill.
Mr. STANLY. Then what will be the effect
of the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to
vote directly, first, on the reference with the in-
structions, and then upon ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The question being upon seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. STUART demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Bayly, of Virginia, and
McNair were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported 86 in the affirmative.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions so to
modify it as to abolish capital punishment in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask for a division of
the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
question is not divisible.
Mr. McLANAHAN. W^ill the Speaker inform
me why the question is not divisible?
The SPEAKER. Because, if one proposition
is negatived, the other has no ground to stand upon
at all; and our rules prohibit such a division as
that.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The instruc-
tions might be rejected, and then the reference
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The impression of the Chair
is, that the vote would have first to be taken upon
committing. If the House should negative that
vote, the other proposition would fall.
Mr. STEPHENS. But the vote could be taken
first on the instructions, and then on the refer-
ence.
The SPEAKER. That would be reversing the
order. The practice of the House has been to
take such a motion as an entirety.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill upon the table >
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Then 1 submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. SMART. That is right.
The question was taken on Mr. McLanahan's
motion; and on a division there were—ayes 63,
noes 80.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred upon Mr. Jones's mo-
tion .
Mr. SMART. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative.
So Mr. Jones's motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time.
Mr. EVANS. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask that the bill
may be read before we are called upon to vote
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. It has been read-once, but
unless it be objected to, it will be read again.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 object.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The gentleman has
a right to have it read, whether there be objection
or not. It has not been read at this stage.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill was then read.
The previous question received a second,and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question then was: •• Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. CABLE. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Venable
and Mason were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported—
ayes 99, noes 31.
So the bill passed.
1 Mr. STANLY. I move to reconsider the vote
| by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
! tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is upon the table a single message from the
President of the United States, which it is im-
portant to submit to the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Very well, sir; I with-
draw my motion for that purpose..
THE GEORGIAN* AND SUSAN LOUD.
The SPEAKER then lai.d before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
