370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
ture of his remedy in the first instance, and after-
wards comes before a tribunal where he can have
an equitable decision of the case, is he to be told
that because he mistook his remedy in the first
instance, he is not entitled to relief' 1 think upon
a full investigation of the case—if every Senator
would investigate it, there would be scarcely a dis-
senting voice upon the bill. If there ever was an
equitable claim here, this, in my judgment, is one,
and we ought to pass the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. It is not my purpose to repeat
the statements and arguments which have been so
well made by the Senators from Ohio and New
Hampshire, but to express the hope that the Sen-
ate will pass this bill. It is very rarely that a
claim against the United States is so well and so
thoroughly sustained as this is. Ordinarily, we
know that the proof which is furnished in sup-
port of a claim, is given ex parte; but this is not
the case here, as has been stated by both of the
honorable Senators who have preceded me. The
proof was taken under a commission authorized
by a resolution originating in the House of Repre-
sentatives, with all the guards which the authori-
ties of the United States could throw around it.
The testimony thus obtained is satisfactory, and
not only satisfactory, butit is thorough,complete,
and overwhelming. It makes out, it seems to me,
as perfectly clear a case as it is possible for a
claimant to make out. It is manifest that these
men have']out money, not by misjudgment in the
making of their contract, but by the conduct of
the agents and officersof the United States, by the
failure of the United States to comply with their
part of the contract; by their interposing delays
and difficulties to the execution of the contract by
these men. All this is proven most conclusively
by testimony not ex parte, but taken under the
authority of the Government. I think that this
makes out a case which we do not see once in a
hundred times; and if this claim be not passed,
under such circumstances, it seems to me it will
be in vain for any claimant to expect justice.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This case was investigated
by the Committee on Claims, during the last Con-
gress, and also during the present Congress. In
the Committee on Claims of the last Congress, the 1
Senator from Kentucky entertained the same opin- '
ions in regard to this claim that I now do. He '
differed from the honorable Senator from New i
Hampshire then upon it. , When it came before !
that committee at the last session of this Con-
gress, my friend from Ohio and myself differed in
regard to it.
My observation and experience, as a member
of the Committee on Claims, have taught me to
believe that whenever a man enters into a contract-
with this Government, if he does not make large
sums of money, he is sure to come to Congress
and claim compensation for damages on account
of malversation or malfeasance on the part of the
officers of the Government. The Government is
always in the wrong!
Now, when these gentlemen first came to Con-
gress, they presented their case, as I believe, truly.
They were not in a technical court of law, as the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire seems
to intimate. They were not in a court where
they might mistake their remedy, and where their
declaration was required to be exactly in the shape
required in a court of law. They were before
Congress, and not before a court of law; and when
they first came here I hpve no doubt they told the
truth. They stated that they had taken the con-
tract too low, and lost money by it. That was
the main and leading feature of the memorial, and
upon that adverse reports were made—I think in
1837 and 1838. The amendment of their memo-
rial was an afterthought.
1 think the evidence does not sustain the case,
as stated by the honorable Senators from Mary-
land and New Hampshire. I differ from those
honorable gentlemen as to the force and effect of
the testimony produced, and I think>£i this my
opinion is shared by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I am not prepared to go into the par-
ticulars of the testimony, nor do I wish to make
general statements in regard to it. All that I can
say is, that it did not impress my mind as it seems
to have impressed the minds of the honorable Sen-
ators from Maryland, New Hampshire, and Ohio
I take the statements made by those gentlemen—
not in a court of law, where a specification or dec- !
laration might require an amendment to bring it I
! within technical rules—but I take the statement
1 made by them when they first came here, which
I believe to be true. They said then that they
had taken the contract too lows and had lost money
by it. That, however, was their fault, and one
for which the Government is not responsible, and
they should abide by their contract. I hope the
bill will not pass.
Mr. BROOKE. It appears to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, if human testimony and the report of a com-
mittee of this body can establish anything at all,
that the report and the testimony in this case do
establish the justice of this claim. There have
been but two objections urged against it: one by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, and the other by
the Senator from Kentucky. Both are very easily
disposed of. The only objection, as I understand
it, urged by the Senator from Pennsylvania, is,
that the original memorial of these parties did not
present the same cause for relief that is now pre-
sented. That has been very well answered by
the Senator from New Hampshire.
It is shojjn by the report that the original me-
morial was got up under the superintendence and
direction of one of the Government officers; and
it was natural that the Government officers should
wish as much as possible to throw the blame from
their own shoulders, or from the shoulders of the
Government, upon those parties. When they
saw the mistake, however, they corrected it, as
they had every right to do.
The other objection, which is urged by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, is, that by contract these
men were to have delivered the stone by the 10th
• of June, and that as the architect or superintend-
ent resigned about the last of May, that resigna-
tion took place so soon before the time fixed for
the completion of the contract, that there was no
cause why the Government should give them re-
lief. But it is set forth m the report, and fully
sustained by proof, that these men were able to
have completed their contract by the 10th of June
—that they had force sufficient to deliver all the
i stone by that time, but that they were prevented
j from d«ng so by the action of the Government
officers themselves. It was alleged by those offi- !
cers that there was not room enough about the
custom-house for the stone to be stored away, |
and at their instance the delivery of the stone was !
discontinued. It is also stated in the report, that j
during the whole of the time these contractors j
were in default only a single day.
j Now, these being the only two objections, and
! | the proof being final and conclusive, that in conse-
quence of the resignation of the superintendent,
,! and the failure on the part of the Government to
'I furnish the contractors with designs by which the
■ stone was to be cut, they were compelled to sus-
pend work, there most certainly arises a case for
relief.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says that the
cases are very rare in which the Government should
be held responsible in damages. I cannot see the
i justness of that doctrine. I cannot see why the
J Government should not be as responsible in dam-
| ages for a breach of contract as an individual; and '
I am very certain that, were this case before a
' court of justice, a jury would not hesitate any
longer than they could make the calculation of the
amount, to render n verdict for damages. This
calculation has already been made by the Comp-
troller, or some other officer of the Treasury De-
partment, and the case now comes before us on
the report of the Comptroller, on the testimony
furnished by the Government itself; because, boih
the report of the committee and the report of the
Comptroller are based upon testimony taken at the
instance of the Government. According to my
recollection of the report, and I have not read it
for some weeks, not a single witness was intro-
duced by the claimants. All the testimony was
brought forward at the instance of the Govern-
ment; and it is upon the statements of the Govern-
ment officers—upon the statements of men brought
forward by the Government, that both of the re-
ports have been made. If this case is to be re-
jected, I see no use in having a committee; I see
no use in going to the expense and trouble of
taking testimony, if the testimony and the reports
are to be thus slightly discarded and thrown aside,
upon suggestions made without reference to the
1 record.
j Mr, UNDERWOOD. I dislike to speak upon
a subject which I have not looked into for three
or four years. All that I can say is, that when I
i was a member of the Committee on Claims, I in-
vestigated this case, and 1 came to the conclusion
that there was no foundation for the claim. There
is one matter in connection with that which has
not been noticed, I believe, by any one who has
spoken, and I wish to name it to the Senate.
When the claim was first presented, as the
Senator from Pennsylvania has said, there were
two or three reports in succession made against
it. Two I recollect distinctly. After those ad-
verse reports, the ground of the claim was changed,
and the claim for damages under this new aspect
was upon this allegation: That owing to the de-
fault of the Government, theseindividuals had been
obstructed in the execution of the contract on their
part, so that they could not deliver the rock so
that they could not quarry and cut the rock prop-
erly, and that in consequence of that, they were
compelled to keep idle their horses and steers and
carts and workmen. The claim rests entirely,
according to my recollection, upon the alleged po-
sition into which these contractors were thrown
in keeping their hands and carts, and oxen idle in
the city of New York. The allegation is, that
they could not work because the patterns were
not furnished; and that in consequence of that
they had to keep their forces doing nothine. Now,
I want to suggest this idea: If these gentlemen
could have obtained employment in the city of
New York for their hands, and their oxen and
carts, it was their duty not to remain idle. They
state, I believe, that they were for nearly four
months in that situation, doing nothing, and the
damage for which they ask remuneration, is for
keeping their tennis and their men idle during that
time.
According to my recollection, there is no testi-
mony on that point. In my opinion, the officers
of the Government were greatly at fault in not
asking the question of witnesses: " Could not
these men have found employment for these weeks
and months? Were they bound to remain idle,
doing nothing during that period ?" If they could
have found employment, it-was their duty to get
it, and then, having received wages from those
who employed them, they would have had no right
to charge the Government for their time. If by
the action of the Government, they were thrown
out of employment and then it became necessary
to keep all their hands and all their oxen, and all
their carts idle—and of that, according to my rec-
'ollection, there is not sufficient testimony—it
would be another question. I do not think the in-
I quiry was made whether they were bound to keep
1 all those hands, and all those oxen, doing nothing
but eating and feeding at the Government expense.
I think there ought to have been testimony di-
rected to that point, but there was none.
As I said when I commenced, it is a very dan-
gerous business to speak on a subject which one
has not examined for two or three years. 1 hope
this bill will be allowed to lie over for a little while.
I have not looked into the matter lately; and if the
Senate will allow it to lie over, although I have a
great many things to attend to, I shall endeavor
to perform my duty by looking into this bill. I
move, therefore, that its further consideration be
postponed until this day week. Gentlemen should
remember that this is a House bill, and that we
can act upon it until the last hour of the session,
and our action will be final. No injury can be
sustained by its postponement. If it were a Sen-
ate bill, it might be necessary to pass it directly,
in order that the House mif ht have an opportu-
nity to act upon it; but I understand it is a House
bill, and therefore there is not so much necessity
for prompt action.
Mr. WADE. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned. I think it should be acted upon, and dis-
posed of now. It was up some two or three weeks
ago, and it was then postponed, at the request of
the gentleman, as he wanted to examine it. I do
not think we shall have any more light upon it a
week from now than we have at this time. I
wish to state, however, that my recollection of
the testimony is very different from that of the
Senator from Kentucky with regard to the real
claim for damages, touching the point that he says
was not inquired into.
I think I am not mistaken—thoueh I have n ot
read the report since last winter, but my recollec-
tion is very clear, for I examined it very closely—
when £ say that the testimony was directed to the
