372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
headlon" without an opportunity allowed him to
enter into the discussion of auch questions?
I would urge no man; but 1 would ask what is
the courtesy, what is the benefit, which has been
extended to me? I reached this city at four o'clock
yesterday evening, and without waiting to get my
baggage from the boat, I came directly to this
Capitol, because I understood matters of great im-
portance, affecting the interests of my constituent?,
were then under discussion by this honorable body.
Is it any indulgence to allow a person in my situ-
ation from four o'clock yesterday till two o'clock
to-day, to examine an important subject, particu-
larly when it is remembered that the honorable
gentleman whose seat I have the honor to occupy
has not been on this floor for weeks, and has not
been able to commune with me, or with our con-
stituents, and that my honorable colleague has not
been able, through indisposition, to attend in this
Chamber for three weeks ? Yet, I am to be hur-
ried unceremoniously into the discussion of ques-
tions deeply affecting the interests of my constitu-
ents, and which I feel perfectly assured will engage
the deliberation of the body in Executive ses-
sion.
I dislike to be charged with officiousness in mat-
ters of this kind. I am perhaps less experienced
than almost any man on this floor in legislative
business. But I have a knowledge of the rights
of my constituents, and I ask of this body, in
their name, to allow a reasonable time to the repre-
sentatives of my State to be put in possession of
all the facts upon the question to which I allude.
Allow me to say, that I am hourly looking for
documents from my State upon the subject, which
I wish to lay before the Senate. It was only im-
mediately before my departure that news reached
my State by telegraph, of the important matter to
which I allude. I ask for a reasonable time to
wait for some evidences of the disposition of the
people of the State. I shall be willing to meet the
question in the early part of next week. I trust
that is not unreasonable. What is to be gained
by coercing parties, by driving gentlemen into a
measure of this kind by the mere force of num-
bers? I trust the Senate will extend me some
reasonable indulgence. I trust that they will not
force me unceremoniously and unpreparedly into
a vindication of the rights of my people.
I ask, therefore, in the first place, as a favor to
myself, and in the next place, as a right to my
constituents, that we postpone this question for a
reasonable time. Gentlemen on this floor have
told me that they have extended to me all the in-
dulgence they could, by postponing the question
from day to day until I should arrive. 1 feel
grateful to them for it. I return my thanks to the
Senate for this kindness; but everybody who
hears my voice must know at once that I am in
such a state of health as not to be prepared to do
justice to myself, or to the subject which is to en-
gage the deliberations of the Senate in Executive
session.
Mr. HALE. You will find that that will grow
better with practice.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I trust it may. If my
honorable friend was likewise affected, perhaps he
would have less trouble. But to say that because
a matter has been postponed until a gentleman's
arrival is sufficient indulgence, and to require him
in the dark to enter upon the discharge of duties
in a case in which his constituents feel a deep in-
terest, is not the courtejy which I expected at the
hands of this body. I do not desire, 1 do not crave
unnecessary delay. I am willing at the first and at
the earliest moment practicable to meet the ques-
tion, and meet it boldly and fearlessly.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of Executive business; and they were ordered- and
being taken, resulted as follows: '
„.YEA|,-^^srs- Bell, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, !
Dixon, Fish, Geyer, Jows of Tennessee, Maneum, Miller
Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Seward. Smith, Spruance! 1
Underwood, Wade, and Walker—21. ',
NAYS-Messrs. Bright, Cass, Charlton, De Saussure,
Dodee of Iowa, Down., Pelch, Fllzpalnek, Gwin, Ifain 1
lin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Nor-
ns, Pettit, Sumner, Toucey, and Wellcr—20.
So the motion was agreed to. I
Mr. BORLAND, when his name was called
stated that he had paired off with the Senator from i
Vermont, [Mr. Foot.] j
Mr. BRODHEAD stated that he had paired off I
with the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.j i
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business, and after some time spent !
therein, the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 21, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Boti.er.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. !
The SPEAKER. The business first in order i
is the consideration of the bill for the relief of j
David Myerle, upon which the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] is entitled to the '
floor. I
JAMES M'CORMICK.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. This being :
private bill day, I now ask leave to introduce from
the Committee on Naval Affairs a bill for the re-
lief of James McCormick, which, at my sugges-
tion, was returned to that committee during the
last session. It was recommitted on account of
mistaken apprehensions with regard to the char-
acter of the bill. Those apprehensions have been
entirely removed, and I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report back the bill. I
hope no one will object. '
Mr. STUART. 1 object.
Mr. SACKETT. I \£ish to know of the Chair
whether it would be in order to distribute from
the Speaker's table some of the private bills which
are now there to the committees to which they
properly belong before going into the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
whether the disposition of those bills would give
rise to debate ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for the regular
order of business
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the or-
der of business. The case of David Myerle, and
1 perhaps two or three other small bills, were re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and are first in order.
The bill for the relief of Patrick Gas was passed
over informally, and there are one or two others
which will come up as the business first in order.
When these are disposed of, this being private bill
day, unless the House go into Committee of the
Whole, it will next be in order to dispose of the
bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair determine
that these bills upon the Speaker's table will take
precedence of the regular business of the morning
hour ?
The SPEAKER. That has been the uniform
! practice of the House.
1 Mr. HOUSTON. I supposed the call of com-
mittees for reports was the business for the morn-
ing hour on private bill days as well as on other
days.
The SPEAKER. There is no instance of that
sort within the recollection of the Chair.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will suggest to the
gentleman from Alabama, that if the committees
were to be called during the morning hour, the
case now before the House, in relation to David
Myerle, could never be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is very clear as to the practice of the House. The
business now in order is the consideration of the
case of David Myerle, upon which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, when I
had the floor upon this case last Friday, I had more
than half concluded the remarks I proposed to
make, when I was interrupted by the mournful
announcement from the Senate which w^s then
made.
Without going over what I then had occasion
to say, I shall briefly recapitulate the facts of-the
case, and present two or three papers, which appear
to me to be conclusive against this claim. I am
not animated by any feeling of hostility to the
claimant; but I desire to save the public Treasury
thesum of $30,000, which, it appears to me, ought
not to be taken out for the purpose of paying this
claim.
This claim has been before Congress for many
years. It has been defeated in the Senate, and it
has been defeated in the House of Representatives
repeatedly. It passed the Senate once, and, I be-
lieve, passed this House once; but the claimants
have never been able to get it through Congress.
I have had occasion to examine three bills which,
at different times, have been reported in favor of
this claim. The first one was reported in Janu-
ary, 1848, for §20,01)0. The second one was re-
ported in March, 1848, and was for $25,000; but
neither of these bills could be got through Con-
gress. The present hill was reported during the
last session, for $30,000, and whether its chances
for passage will be increased in proportion to the
increase of the amount, remains to be seen.
What are the facts of this case, as presented by
the memorialist himself, and how do they com-
pare with the two or three facts which I propose
to prove indisputably? Mr. Myerle, by his pub-
lished representations, and by the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, founded on therx parte
evidence presented to them—and I wish to cast no
imputation upon that committee; they acted upon
the lights before them, and if I had been a mem-
ber of that committee, upon the representations
made to them, I have no doubt I should have
fully concurred with them—represents, and rep-
resents truly, that he entered into an arrangement
with Mr. Paulding, who was then Secretary of the
Navy, to furnish a certain amount of water-rotted
hemp, for the use of the Navy, which, if it proved
equal to the Russia hemp, was to be used in the
Navy. He did furnish a certain amount, but it
was rejected by the agents of the Government at
Boston, or Charlestown, in Massachusetts, and
was thrown back upon his hands, or upon the
hands of those with whom he was connected.
That is true. He adds that he was animated en-
tirely by patriotic considerations in making thi3
arrangement. That I do not intend to dispute. I
do not question his motives. But he says further,
that in consequence of the rejection of that hemp,
and in consequence of his arrangements to furnish
it for the American Government, he had to aban-
don a large private interest; that he was obliged
to give up a large manufacturing interest, which
was realizing a profit of $15,000 per annum; that
he became ruined in his credit, and bankrupt on
account of his connection with the Government.
That is the basis of the bills which have been pre-
sented to Congress for his relief.
Now, sir, I refer you to a publication which
was made in 1849, and which has been before
Congress ever since, in which Mr. Myerle states,
and undertakes to prove, that he had a factory in
Louisville which cost $38,400, which he was com-
pelled to abandon in consequence of his engage-
ment with the Government, and that his business,
being thus neglected, went to ruin. That is to be
found upon page seventeen of this synopsis. Upon
page nineteen are extracts from the depositions of
Mr. 'Stuart, of Louisville, Kentucky, going to
prove that the cost of that factory was $38,400,
and further tending to show that Mr. Myerle was
compelled to abandon it from the engagement he
had entered into with the Government. Mr.
Myerle also introduces a letter from a gentleman
in St. Louis, to show that he was at that time
connected with a factory in that city, which he was
also compelled to abandon on account of this
engagement with the Government. But I will not
read all these statements. It is sufficient to state,
in general terms, that the basis oftheclaim, as pre-
sented by him, is, that he ought to receive indem-
nity from this Government for the actual losses
sustained by him in consequence of this govern-
mental connection, by which his private affairs
were ruined.
As he figured largely in my country during the
time of his connection with the Government, and
as by that means some pubfie interest was created
in that country—I certainly have none, personally
—some gentlemen took the pains to look into the
matter, and have copied and sent to me certain
papers which I propose to submit for the consid-
eration of the House. If it shall appear that the
representations of Mr. Myerle were unfounded, I
shall regret it; but i nevertheless feel it my duty
to offer them.
I refer the House again, among other things, to
a circular which Mr. Myerle caused to be laid
upon the tables of the members of this House,
during the last session of Congress, in which he
declares that he abandoned a business yielding him
$15,000 per annum when he entered into this ar-
