1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
879
Crair whether the motion to lay the bill upon the
ta;>ie was not suUiuurd before the genuemtoi from
Vicuna rommt-iu'eil his remarks?
TueSPiuAlvER. That motion was withdrawn.
If u had not been, the speech of the gentleman
from Virginia would not have been m order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is n in order to move that
there be n call of the House:
Tne SPEAKER. It is not in order, because
the call for the previous question has been sec-
onded and the main question ordered.
The qufs'ion was then taken, and the House
refused to lay the bill upon the table—yeas 71,
nays ^4; as follows:
YEAS—Mc—r*. Wilh< Allen, Allison, Babcock, Bart-
k"!t. Ktbij^jrau*, Hr *ok!i*rulge, t'aUhvcll, Chandler, Chap-
tmii, Cobb. Daniel. Darby, John G. Davis, Davv-
*on, Dean, Ka>tman, Fay, Goodenow, Grev, Hall, Isham
(i. Harris, H >\mII, Haven, Hendricks Henn, Hibhard,
Hors-wrd, Houston. Inirer<ull, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, Jame> J'lhn^on, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones
Gr*>r«e W. Jones, Ge«>rjre G. King. Kuhns. Letcher, Little,
Mann, Martin, Mason, McCorkle, McMuIlm, John Moore,
M« 'ehe;ul, Murphy, Murray, Xabers Newton, Outlaw,
Sr\inti  l \V. Parker, Fentiiman, Richardson, Robin, Rus
sell, SchiH>lenirt  Oriaen S. Seymour, ^kelton, Alexander
H. Stephens, St. Martin, Stuart Sweetser, Thurston,
To«" inb^, YenaMe, Watkms, Welcli. and Woodward—Tl.
\AYS—Mej>.*r . A-he, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly. Bar-
ren*, Beale, Boeock, Bowie, Bowne, Br^nton, Brooks,
Albert G. Brown. Georjje H. Brown, Burrows, Busby,
Cartter. Caskie. Clark, (.'leiuens, Colcock, Cottioan, Cur-
tis, George T. Davis Dimtmck. Disney, Dot), Duncan,
P'jrkee, Edsrerton, Edmiihdson. Evans, Ewins, Faulkner,
Florence, Freeman, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Green,
Grow, Hammond. Harper. Sampson W. Hams, Hart,
Han--., Hillver. Howard. John W. Howe, Jackson, Robert
W. Johnson, J. Glatic> Jones Kurtz, Landry, Mace, Mar-
shall. McLaiiahan, McN'air, Miller, Millson, Miner, Henry
D. Moore, Mornson, Andrew Parker, Pea&lee, Penn,
Phelps, Polk, Price, Robbios, Sabine, Schermerhorn,
David L. Se\moiir. Snow, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton,
Stone, Strattoti. Strother. Sutherland Taylor, Walbridge,
Wallace, WaJ-li, Ward, Wells, and Wilcox—84.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to be
engrossed ami read a third time.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 rise to make a motion which
I have never made before in this House, and that
is, that when the House adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed was
read a third time.
The question recurred, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the yeas and
nays on that question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
engrossed :
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that ,
it has. :
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed
—yeas 80, nays 76; as follows:
YFAr;—Messrs. Abercrombie, Ashe, Averett, Thomas
H. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bocock, Bowie. Brenton,
Brigss, Albert G. Brown, Georee H. Brown, Burrows,
Bu-b>, Cartter, Ca>kie, Clark, Clemens, Colcock, Cott
man, Curtis, Georee T. Davis, Dimmick, Disney, Doty,
Duncan. Durkee, Edfferton. Edmundson, Evans, Ewing,
Faulkner, Florence, Freeman. Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore,
G innan. Green, Grow, Hammond, Harper, Sampson W.
ilarris, Haw?. Howard, John W. Howe, Jackson, Robert
XV. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Marshall,
McLanatian, McXair, Miller, Milhon, Miner, Molony,
Henry D. Moore. Morn-mi, Andrew Parker, Peaslee,
Folk," Porter, Bobbins, Sabine, Schermerhoni, Stanly,
Richard H. Stanton, Stone, Stratton, Sutherland, Taylor,
Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh, Ward, Wells, and Wilcox—
80.
VATS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, Bartlett, Bibig- ,
bail-1, Breckinridge. Caldwell, Chapman, Chastain, Cling-
nmri. Cobb. Cullom, Darby, John G. Davis, Dawson, !
Eastman, Fav, Goodenow, Grey, Hall, Isham G. Harris.
Hiscall. Haven. Hendricks. Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Hors- :
ford, Houston, Thomas T. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, George G. King, Kuhns,
I.eU-hf-r, Little, Lorkhart, Mann. Martin, Ma on, MeCor- i
kl>-, McMullin, John Moore, Morehead. Murphy, Murray,
NalVrs. Xewton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Permiman,"
Richardson. Ruble. Russell. Schoolcraft, David L. Sey-
mour. Origen S. Seymour, Skelion, Benjamin Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin. Smart, Sweeper,
Tlmr-ton, Toombs, Tuck, VenaDle, Watkins, Welch, and
Woodward—75.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was massed, and to lay the mo- |
tion to reconsider upon the table. i
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE GEORGIANA AND SUSAN LOUb.
Mr. POLK. When the House adjourned yes-
terday. there was a rpotion pending to reconsider
the \oie by which the communication from the
President, in the case of the bark Georgiana and
the brig Susan Loud was ordered to be printed.
My object in rising at this time is to call it up
for consideration by the House.
Mr. STANLY. I should be glad, before voting,
to hear somegood reason for the reconsideration.
Mr. POLK. 1 stated my reasons yesterday.
Mr. HOUSTON. This question was debated
yesterday, and the Chair will remember that I,
previous to the adjournment, called for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER.. It is the recollection of the
Chair that the previous question was demanded.
Mr. POLK. By permission of the House, I
will explain to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and all debate is thereby cut off.
Mr. POLK. I desire only to make a state-
ment, to satisfy the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I rise to a privileged
question. I ask that the message of the President
and the accompanying document be read.
Mr. STANLY. 1 hope that it may be read.
It is very short.
The SPEAKER! The Chair decides that the
gentleman has a right to have the document read
before the vote is taken.
Mr. POLK. Have we not a right to have a
secret session and the galleries cleared ? [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to clear the galleries, and close the doors.
Mr. POLK. This may be a communication of
very great importance.
Mr. STANLY. I have read it, and I do not
think there is anything of very great importance
in it. There is no secret in it. Other members
have read it. It lays upon the Speaker's table,
and any member who may desire can read it.
[Cries of "Read!" "Read!"]
Mr. POLK. I do not desire to give publicity
to the communication until I know what it con-
tains, and, if it be in order, I move that the gal-
leries be cleared. [Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope there will be some
exceptions made. I will be responsible for several
ladies in the gallery. [Laughter.]
Mr. POLK. The gentleman assumes astrange
responsibility when he gives assurance of the se-
crecy of ladies. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. What is the rule about clear-
ing the galleries on these occasions ? I hope that
it will be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, the
gentleman from Ohio would not have the right to
have the document read. The rule is as follows:
" 112. Whenever confidential communications are re
ceived from the President of the United States, the House
shall be cleared of all persons, except the members, Clerks,
Sergeant at Arms, and Doorkeeper, and so continue during
the reading ol'such communications, and (unlessotherwise
directed by the House) during all debates and proceedings
to be had thereon. And when the Speaker, or any other
member, shall inform the House that he has communications
to make, which he conceives ought to be kept secret, the
Hou-e shall, in like mnnner, be cleared, till the communi
cation be made; the House shall then determine whether
the matter communicated requires secrecy or not, and take ■
order accordingly—-February 17, 1792, and December 30,
1793."
Mr. STANLY. I ask whether the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee is in order, this
not being a confidential communication ?
Mr. POLK. I have not examined the commu-
nication. I do not know what it contains alto-
gether, but I may know some of it. I have been
informed by members what it did contain, but, at
the same time, I would rather, without doing any
injustice to what they have stated tome, have the
galleries cleared, that the communication may be
read in secret session.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the Chair to decide the
point 1 present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, that when
any gentleman rises in his place and states to the
House that he has a communication to make lie
conceives ought to be kept secret, the galleries can
be cleared. The gentleman from Tennessee has
not made that communication to the House; yet,
if the gentleman from Tennessee states that he
conceives this message ought not to be published,
tli Chair will decide that it is competent for the
House to determine for itself whether or not it
will close the doors and read the document in se-
cret session.
Mr. SIANLY. That is not the point. The
language of the rule is, that when confidential
communications are made, then the doors shall be
closed. Another branch is, that when any mem-
ber rises in his place and states that be has a com-
munication to make he conceives ought to he
kept secret, the doors shall be closed in like
manner. There are two branches, neither of which
now exist. No confidential communication has
been made; and the gentleman does not state that
he conceives the communication ought to be kept
secret, for he has not read it.
Mr. POLK. I am acting upon the evidence of
the past.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Tennes-
see states that the communication presented to this
body is of a nature, in his opinion, requiring con-
sideration by the House in secret session. The
Chair is unwilling, by any decision of its own, to
deprive the House of any right to do so, and it is
his opinion, in the spirit of the rule just read, that
it is competent for this House, on motion, after
the statement of the gentleman from Tennessee, to
close the doors.
Mr. POLK. I wish to be distinctly understood.
I have not examined the communication, but I am
opposed tohavingany documentconnected with the
affairs of Spain, while in their present condttion,
published unless they are examined, for the simple
reason that the past teaches us that communica-
tions have been made public which act against the
dignity of the Government.
Mr. TAYLOR. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. TAYLOR. Inasmuch as the President
has been requested to communicate what informa-
tion he has upon the questions presented by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] not incom-
patible with the public interest, we are to presume
he has not communicated anything of a confiden-
tial character.
The SPEAKER. That is one of the reasons
which may control members' votes.
Mr. BAYLY. If I may be allowed a single
expression, that communication refers to the cases
which were the subject of the remarks made by
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] the other
day. And if my friend from Tennessee will ex-
! cuse me, I do not think there is anything in the
message to which special importance can be at-
tached.
The question was then taken on the motion to
clear the galleries and close the doors, and it was
disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cable] demands the reading of the message
before voting on the motion to reconsider, which
he has the right to do, and the Clerk will now pro-
ceed to read it,
i The message was then read as follows:
Department of Statf, >
Washinoton, January 19, 1853. J
To the President of the United States:
The Secretary of State, to whom has been referred the
resolution ofthe House of Representatives of the 27th ulti-
mo, requesting the Presidentto communicate tothat House,
" if notincompatible with the public interest, what measures,
■ 'if any, have been taken since the 27th day of January,
118.V3, for the indemnification by the Spanish Government
; (of the captains, owners, and crews of the bark Geor-
I ( giana and brig Susan Lond, in consequence of the enp-
' <ture and confiscation of-aid bark and brig by the Spaiii-h
| 'authorities," has the honor to report, that measures, which
I itis not deemed expedient to specify at present,are in prog-
ress for the adjustment of all "claims of eitizens of the
United States against her Catholic Majesty's Government,
which may have originated since the convention between
the United States and Spain of the 17th of February, 1834.
Respectfully submitted, EDWARD EVERETT.
Mr. POLK. Since I discover that the Presi-
dent of the United States has heeded the voice of
the nation in their condemnation of the publication
of the Cuban correspondence, 1 withdraw my mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
vote by which the message was committed to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs be reconsidered, in
order that the communication be laid on the table
and printed. There is no necessity for a refer-
ence.
