882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
half past one o'clock—I am not particular as to
the time. I beg the honorable Senator from Flor- ,
ida to consider that there is no discourtesy in the
su o-estinn that i make; but if the bill which he
proposes should be taken up, it would undoubt-
edly consume a very considerable time; but with
an understanding: that it is to be postponed at half
past one o'clock for an Executive session, 1 have
no objection to liis motion; but I do hope that
nothing will be done so to engross the attention
of the Senate as to prevent the execution of the
understanding had during the last week that the
Senate would at an early hour to-day proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall throw no obstacle to
going into Executive session at any moment the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island may desire.
Mr. CLARKE. Then I am perfectly satisfied,
and make no objection to the motion.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Did I understand the
gentleman from Rhode Island to say that there was
a distinct understanding that we should go into
Executive session to-day?
Mr. CLARKE. Certainly. That was my
understanding.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I know a good deal
was said about it; but I do not recollect that there
was any distinct understanding on the part of the
Senate to pursue that course. If I am wrong,
other Senators can correct me. I know that the
question was discussed; but I have no recollection
that the Senate informally, or otherwise, came to
to any agreement to devote this day to Executive
business.
Mr. CLARKE. The honorable Senator from
Alabama will allow me to say, that I have with-
drawn my objection to the proposition of the hon-
orable Senator from Florida; and when I make a
proposition for an Executive session, it will be
sufficient time for him to make his objection.
Mr. Mai.lory's motion was agreed to, and the
Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to repeal the acts
of Congress approved July 13th, 1832, and June
30th, 1834, each entitled " An act concerning ton-
nage duty on Spanish vessels."
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President. I have fe'it
a great deal of anxiety for the fate of this bill,
which was reported at the last session of Congress
by the Committee on Commerce. I have taken
much interest in it, because convinced of its im-
portance, and believing that it will lead to legisla-
tion of great practical utility in which the whole
country, every section of it, has a deep interest;
and I feel that the remarks which I have it in my
power to make may better be made to-day, be-
cause the honorable Senator from Louisiana will
have the floor to-morrow upon the subject of our
relations with Cuba, a subject with which this bill
is intimately connected.
The proposition before the Senate is to repeal
two acts of Congress, passed in 1832 and 1834,
levying duties on Spanish tonnage in the trade be-
tween the United States and the Islands of Cuba
and Porto Rico. I have given much attention to
this subject, having occupied a position which en-
abled me to observe the character of our relations
with Cuba, and particularly the effect, politically
and commercially, of the two acts which it is now
proposed to repeal; and if I do not greatly misap-
prehend the facts and the arguments to which I
am about to advert, the repeal of these laws is de-
manded by every consideration of national policy.
It may be recollected that in 1849 the Senate
passed a resolution calling upon the Secretary of
the Treasury (then Mr. Walker) to report upon
the operation of those acts, and in reference to our
Cuban trade in general. After a thorough exam-
ination of the whole subject, he made his report,
advising Congress to repeal these measures. That
report concluded thus:
"In view of the foregoing circumstances, and being
nrmlv impiessed with the importance to the revenue of the
United States, that the trade with the islands referred to
ehnuld he relieved from the existing restrictions and embar-
rassments imposed by the law adverted to, I would respect
fully recommend the repeal of the acts concerning tonnage
duty on Spanish vessels, approved 13th July, 1832, and 30th
June, 1834."
It will also be recollected, sir, that, at the last
session of Congress, a similar resolution passed
by the Senate was again addressed to the Treasury
Department, and that its present distinguished
chief (Mr. Corwin) submitted a clear, comprehen-
sive report, which ia, in my judgment, conclusive
of the whole matter; and if honorable Senators had
'fixamined that report, I should not have deemed
myself at liberty to have said one word upon the
subject, for it embraces the whole question, and
leaves, in fact, nothing to say. It concludes with
the recommendation to repeal these laws, based
upon facts and arguments incontrovertible.
Here, then, we have, sir, the opinions of two dis-
tinguished chiefs of the Treasury Department—
gentlemen occupying a high stand as statesmen,
and opposite positions upon the subject of commerce
—one being an advocate of free trade, and the other
a protectionist, yet, both recommending the repeal
of these measures. Their judgments were formed
after a clear, comprehensive, and elaborate investi-
gation of the whole subject, an examination which
necessarily involved the ascertainment of nearly
every ton of shipping and every commodity of
commerce which has entered into our trade with
Cuba for the past eighteen years.
This proposition to repeal these two acts of
Congress, addresses itself to the country in two
aspects; one as a simple commercial regulation,
involving dollars and cents only, and the cither, in
its political bearing on our relations with the Island
of Cuba; and I propose, first, to advert to it sim-
ply as a commercial regulation.
In examining the subject, we find that the ton-
nage duties of Spain upon American vessels in her
home ports, prior to 1817, were five cents per ton,
or thereabouts; and that during this identical pe-
riod, and for many years afterwards, the United
States were charging upon Spanish tonnage, in
our ports, one dollar per ton, of which fifty cents
were called " light money." As a matter of course
these onerous restrictions upon Spanish commerce,
caused countervailing exactions by Spain upon
ours, which soon became so onerous as to seriously
embarrass our commerce with her. Our Minister
at the court of Madrid, at that time Mr. Van Ness,
was instructed by the Executive to remonstrate
against these duties; and the result was that he
obtained the royal order of April 29th, 1832, by
which the Spanish restrictions, in her home ports,
were removed from our tonnage, and reduced to
what they were in 1817, viz: five cents per ton.
But this royal order was accompanied by a proviso
that it should have no effect until the United States
should reciprocate in a similar manner, and this
; the President was authorized to do, by an act of
i Congress, passed in 1832.
! The royal order extended only to the home, or
continental ports of Spain, and did not embrace
her colonies, where a discrimination in favor of
her own tonnage—not against ours particularly,
but against that of all the world—had existed.
Our Minister was called upon to remonstrate
against this. Spain, as a matter of course, refused
to change her commercial system, and to permit
our vessels to engage in her colonial trade on a
perfect equality with herself; and this refusal ori-
ginated the laws now in question.
In applying a different rule to her colonies from
that which she was willing to extend to her home
ports, Spain was not originating a new, unjust, or
illiberal rule. She was simply carrying, out the
policy of every maritime Power of Europe having
colonies; simply adopting that policy \y,hich has
governed us ever since we have been a Govern-
ment, so far as our commercial marine is con-
cerned. The Powers of Europe having colonies,
have uniformly contended that their commercial
conventions and treaties never embraced those col-
onies, unless they were specifically included.
High national policy, without reference to com-
merce, dictated to the maritime nations of Europe,
the expediency and propriety of holding a con-
straining and controlling hand over the intercourse
of foreigners, and particularly by republican for-
eigners, with their colonies. Spain especially was
governed by this policy. She had seen her vast
American empire, the most magnificent that ever
a country possessed, escape from her grasp chiefly
through the magic influence of those new ideas
which republican foreigners had introduced to
them. She saw her vast American empire reduced
to the Islands of Porto Rico and Cuba; and she
could not but feel that her tenure of these, through
the intercourse of foreigners, was reduced to a
mere question of time.
But there was a special and controlling reason
why Spain could not concede the demand of the
United States to trade with her colonies on a per-
fect equality with herself. When this demand
! was made, Spain had commercial conventions and
1 treaties with some of the principal maritime Pow-
ers of Europe, which stipulated that they should
have the privilege of trading with these colonies
upon the same terms as the most favored nation.
AVe also enjoyed this privilege, and were upon an
equal footing with all the Powers of Europe; and
a concession to one would necessarily involve it to
all. Spain could not concede our demands, with-
out also granting a similar privilege to England,
and to all the maritime Powers of Europe with
whom she had treaties, and this, of course, she
was not prepared to do.
Her struggle with her then recently-revolted
colonies, had stripped her of her merchant marine;
and great national policy, if not national safety it-
self, dictated the necessity of building up her ship-
ping interest, and establishing a school for her
seamen; and this she could only do by discrimina-
ting in favor of her tonnage. This discrimination
in favor of her own tonnage, not against us, but
in favor of her own vessels against all others,
which amounts to about #1 63 per ton, was barely
sufficient to attain the great object in view. It
must be remembered that she did not make an in-
vidious distinction against us, but placed us pre-
cisely upon the ground of the most favored nation,
i I will ask the Senate now to consider with what
propriety this demand was made by the United
' States upon Spain at that time. Recollect that
we demanded that our vessels should go to her
colonies on precisely the same .footing with her
own. Why, sir, it is a policy which we have
never admitted; but we have maintained exactly
the opposite policy. It is well known to us that
voyages from our Atlantic to our Pacific posses-
sions embrace three times the length and hazard
of voyages between Spain and her colonies on the
American coast; and yet we regard this as our
coastwise trade, and do not permit foreigners, or
vessels in which a foreigner owns a timber-head
to engage in it. If we were to acquire Cuba to-
morrow, the right of Spain to trade with that isl-
and would instantaneously cease. She would not
have a right to send a single vessel there, and the
idea of our permitting foreign vessels to trade on
an equality with ourselves would be considered as
dangerous by every discerning mind of the coun-
try.
We acquired the Ploridasfrom Spain by treaty.
, Her right to trade with them at once ceased, and
was permitted for a period of twelve years by an
express article of the treaty. With what propriety,
1 then, I ask, did we insist, in regard* to her colo-
nies, on a condition which she was powerless to
I grant without the abandonment of a policy she
II dearly cherished, and which we, under precisely
| similar conditions, were not prepared to grant to
j her?
As I have said, Spain was powerless to grant our
demand. She could not do so without surrender-
ing a policy which she believed to be connected
with her national existence. She could not grant
it without sacrificing her entire merchant marine,
and conceding to every nation the same privileges
which she might concede to us, and thereby, as a
matter of course, not granting to us the precise ad-
vantage which we wanted, which was to have a
superior advantage in the markets of Cuba above
every foreign nation. Her refusal to give up her
own commercial policy, and adopt nn opposite one
at our dictation, produced the retaliatory measures
now under consideration. Theselaws were intro-
duced, advocated, and passed as coercive measures;
as retaliatory measures designed expressly to force
Spain into the adoption of our policy. They hnve
now been in force for some eighteen years. Every
year of their operation has been marked, and .the
statistics of the country are all before us. We
have all the legitimate elements to form a correct
judgment at hand; and national policy dictates ihe
propriety of deliberately forming it. And ifweshall
find that these laws have not oiily failed to accom-
plish their purpose, but that they have had directly
the opposite effect—if we shall find that our worst
enemies could not have devised a more ingenious
system by which to legislate ourselves out of this
market at ourvery doors—then I say it is the part
of wisdom to revise and to recede from our legisla-
tion. The first of these acts was passed July 13th,
1832. It was designed to he reciprocal in its char-
acter, but it went beyond reciprocity.
This act of 1832 was in operation for two
I years, and in that time its operation did not move
