384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24.
great commercial cities, we supplied her with
nearly all her breadstuff's, a vast amount of flour,
with all her rice, and a large portion of her lum-
ber and salted provisions. She received her salted
fish as well from the eastern States, as from
Florida; the produce of the West went from New
Orleans; and the manufactures of the North from
the Atlantic cities. Our exports in flour were
thirty-five thousand barrels a year at that time.
Taking a rapid view of this subject, we find, in
1849—and this addresses itself to honorable gen-
tlemen from the South—that twenty-one millions
eight hundred and twenty thousand one hundred
and sixty-seven pounds of rice, were imported
into Cuba; worth there $1,092,591. But we also
find, in that year, far from our engrossing the en-
tire trade of this article, rice to the value $799,563
only went from the United States. She now
gets this article, which it was formerly supposed
no onecould supply but ourselves,from Valencia,
South America, Brazil, Holland, and even from
the free port of St. Thomas, where it is carried
from South Carolina and Georgia without restric-
tions, and thence returns to Havana without re-
strictions. What a commentary is this upon re-
strictions upon trade! I venture to predict that
if this condition of things continues on a few
years more, the rice planters of Georgia and Car-
olina will be supplanted in that market.
The returns of the Havana customs show that
from 1826 to 1833, both inclusive, there were
522,136 barrels of American flour entered there;
of which 318,244 were carried in Spanish bot-
toms; and that from 1834 to 1843, (after these
acts were passed,) both inclusive, there were but
466,534 barrels of American flour entered, only
135,197 barrels of which were carried in Spanish
bottoms; and that during the last year, 1843, there
were but 310 barrels thus carried. During the
eight years previous to the act of 1834, there were
55,602 more barrels than during the fen years sub-
sequent to it. The annual average number of bar-
rels carried from the United States in Spanish
bottoms before the passage of the act, was 39,780,
whereas but 310 were thus carried in 1843, after |
it had been in force nine years, and it is believed I
that none, comparatively speaking, have been so I
carried since that date. During the year 1849, as j
shown by Txj Balanza General del Comercio dt la j
Isla de Cuba, the importation of flour into the 1
island Was 215,83"| barrels, valued at $2,696,334
871. Of this, there came from Spain, in Span-
ish vessels, 213,800 barrels, worth $2,672,500;
and from the United States, in vessels other than
Spanish, but 797 barrels, $9,334 87|. Not one
barrel is shown to have been imported from the
United States in a Spanish vessel.
The agriculturist and the manufacturer know
the importance of having the consumer as a pur-
chaser at their own doors, instead of sending the
products of their labor to him abroad, to abide
the perils of a sea voyage, and the loss of freight,
commissions, and insurance. But our legislation
is, in effect, a declaration to Spain, that though we
can supply Cuba upon better terms than all the
world, she shall not have our products at all un-
less we can be permitted to carry them upon bet-
ter terms than all the world.
During the year 1849—and it may be interest-
ing to gentlemen from manufacturing States to
consider this point—there were imported into Cuba
cottons to the amount of $2,487,000, while she
consumed and imported from the United States
cottons to the value of §72,931 only. Where
does she get her cottons ? She consumes our raw
material, but only after British, French, and Span-
ish industry have been put upon it. The popula-
tion of Cuba is now about twelve hundred thou-
sand souls; but in view of its area, its climate,
and soil, it may sustain a population of ten mil-
lions. But with this limited population, its
imports in 1848 were $25,435,565, and its ex-
ports $26,077,067; and in 1849, its imports were
$26,320,460, and its exports $22,436,556, show-
ing the aggregate trade of 1848 to have been
$51,512,632, and in 1849 to have been $48,757,016.
Now, sir, what but our own unwise legislation
Has deprived us of the enjoyment of the major
part of this trade? Our proximity to Cuba, our
admirable merchant marine, our rich and various
manufactures and agricultural products, combine
to make us the natural suppliers of Cuba; and
yet, sir, we have sacrificed them all to a spirit of
retaliation.
Had the commercial Powers of Europe pursued
the same course, we might have maintained an
equality of advantages; but they wisely forbore,
and'took advantage of our false step. An Amer-
ican landing in Havana from our southern cities
is surprised at the remarkable transition which a
few hours only have produced. He feels himself
to be as much in a " terra incognita" as if he had
> been suddenly transported to Japan. Upon all
sides he beholds evidences of European wealth, in
the presence of its merchandise of every character;
but nowhere does he see that any connection ex-
ists with the land he has just left. He is still more
surprised to learn, that while English, German,
and French mercantile houses are numerous, there
is butone respectable American commission house
claiming to be American. He finds, in fact, spread
out before him, a land beautiful beyond anything
of which fairy tales have told, but from which he
and his country, beyond all the earth beside, are
excluded.
Cuba consumes large quantities of laces, lawns,
linens, and the finer fabrics of France, Germany,
and England. It is notorious that some of the
choicest goods of Paris go to Havana. These
articles, subject to the caprices of fashion, and to
deterioration by long voyages, could be supplied
to the Cuban market as demanded from the bond-
ed warehouses of our commercial cities, if the
Spanish purchaser were permitted to come here
and buy them. A lucrative business would be
done in the articles, shipped from our ports with
the benefit of drawback, leaving in the hands of
the American merchant commissions, insurance,
and freight. Remove your restrictions upon Span-
ish vessels coming to our ports, open the trade to
them, and the Spanish flag will again be seen in
your ports, and the traders of Cuba will throng
your mercantile marts.
I perceive, Mr. President, that I am encroach-
ing upon the time which was assigned for an Ex-
ecutive session, and I will therefore defer the fur-
ther discussion of this subject till to-morrow.
Mr. CLARKE. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until to-
morrow, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
I HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 24, 1853.
| The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
1 by the Rev. James Gallaher.
TheJournal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bell] to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
introducing a bill making further provisions for
granting bounty lands to those who have been
engaged in the wars and service of the United
States.
Mr. HART demanded tellers on the motion
to suspend the rules; which were ordered; and
Messrs. BEALEand McNair were appointed. !
The question was then taken, and the tellers !
reported—ayes 65, noes not counted.
Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con- I
sent of the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. STANLY. What is the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. Resolutions.
Mr. STANLY. What State is first in order.
The SPEAKER. The State of Pennsylvania. !
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
may or may not be entitled to the floor. It de- !
pends altogether upon the object he seeks.
Mr. HOUSTON. My proposition I will send
to the Clerk.
Mr. BELL. I rise to a question of order.
Was the question upon the motion to suspend the i
rules disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The affirmative vote was
announced, and the Chair stated that there being .
not two thirds in the affirmative, the motion failed. I
Mr. BELL. Would it not be in order to call a
count on the other side?
The SPEAKER. There not being two thirds
of a quorum in the affirmative, the Chair asked if
any one desired a count upon the other side, but
no one responded, and the motion failed.
HOUR OF MEETING—APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The resolution offered by Mr. HOUSTON was
then read as follows:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, the hour of meet-
ing of this) House shall be eleven o'clock a. m.; and that
House bill No. 335, to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tion for the year ending the 30th June, 1853, also the fol-
lowing House bills making appropriation for the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1854—
1st. V bill for the support of the army, No. 336 ;
2d. The Indian appropriation bill, No. 333;
3d. A bilMuaking appropriations for the naval service ;
4tll. Post Office Department bill;
5th. Mail steamer bill; and
6th. The civil and diplomatic bill—be made the special
order of the day far one o'clock on each day, after Tues-
day, and that they continue to be the special order for each
day until finally disposed of.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I object to
the introduction of the resolution.
Mr HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules
, for the purpose.
j Mr. STUART. I would ask th# gentleman
from Alabama to take the question first upon that
I part of his resolution fixii'g the hour for the daily
meeting of the House. I will vote to meet at
eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chaifwould suggest to
the gentleman, that can be done by dividing the
question. It would require a vote of two thirds,
at all events, to make the special order.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that, and I ask
the gentleman to modify his motion now.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there be no objection to
the resolution, I will modify the first branch of it.
Mr. HALL. I object to the first branch of the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion tp suspend the rules; which were
ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
propound an inquiry to the Chair. Is the propo-
sition which we are called to vote upon simply to
change the hour of meeting from twelve o'clock to
eleven ?
The SPEAKER. The first branch of the res-
olution proposes to change the hour of meeting
from twelve o'clock to eleven. The resolution
also proposes to make the several appropriation
bills the special order. The immediate proposi-
' tion before the House is, to suspend the rules to
enable the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hoos-
! ton] to introduce the entire resolution. When
introduced, it will be competent for the House to
vote upon each proposition contained in it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will modify the resolution
so as to offer the first branch of it.
j [Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. Then let the question be
I upon the whole of it.
J The question was then taken upon suspending
, the rules, and there were—yeas 90, navs 75; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Ashe, Av-
erett, David J. Bailey, Beale, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bowne,
Brags, Briggs, Albeit G. Brown, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
I Caskie, Clark, Clemens, Colcook,Cottman, Cilllom, llarbv,
| John G. Davi*, Dean, Dunham, Edmiuid^on, Ewing,
Faulkner, Picklin, Florence, Gaylord, Gentry, Gilmore,
Green, Harprr, IshatiL G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
| Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, John \V.
Howe, tngersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel T.Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Pres-
I ton King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Lutle, Lockhart, Ma-
i son, McLanahan, McNair, Meade, Miller, Millson, Mur-
! phy, Murray, Nabcrs, Orr, Andrew Parker, Phelps, Polk,
Powell, Price, Reed. Robbins, Rohie, Robinson, Scurry,
Skelton, Smart, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, Stone, Stratton, Watkms, Welch, Wells,
Wileox, Wildrick, Williams, and Yates—90.
. NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, John Ap-
, pit'ton, Babcock, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Brenlon. Brookn,
George II. Brown, Barrows, Burt, Bu?by, Lewis L>.
I Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Cobb,
Dawson, Dimniiok, Doekery, Doty, Duncan, Eastman,
Ednerton, Fay, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gi(idinfff?,Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Hall, Hammond,
Hart, Hascail, Hors/oid, Thomas Y. How, James Johnson,
*  -George G. Kinjr, Landry, Mann, Martin,
McMulIin, Meaeham, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Mor-
rison, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, I'enn, Pen-
niman, Portei, Preston, Ross, Sackett, Sehoonmaker,
Scudder, David L. Seymour, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martiu,
btunrt, Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston, Toombs, Tuck,
and Walbridge—75.
