THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1853.
New Series No. 25.
There not being two thirds in the affirmative,
the rules were not suspended.
MONTICELLO ACADEMY.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and I do so for the purpose of bringing be-
fore the House the reconsideration of a motion
made by the honorable gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Brown] on 'Thursday last for its ac-
tion. The question is, whether certain papers
presented in behalf of the trustees of Monticello
Academy, m the State of Mississippi, should be
considered by the Committee on Private Land
Claims or the Committee on Public Lands? It is
a question of some importance to ascertain and
settle the boundary line of action between these
two committees. It is appropriate that I should
set forth a statement of the facts, in order that this
question may be decided by the House.
On the 26th day of July last, thegentleman from
Mississippi presented to the House the petition of
applicants in behalf of the Alonticello Academy,
for the purpose of obtaining a lot of land, and for
other purposes, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims. That committee
examined the case, and immediately applica-
tion was presented to the Commissioner of the.
Land Office for the purpose of ascertaining the
facts. That officer returned an answer to the com-
munication, disclosing the whole state of facts. It
appears from the petition presented by the trus-
tees of that academy, that they are entitled to the
land Which that township would be entitled to,
under the act of 1803, for the support of schools.
They set forth that, prior to their obtaining the
benefit of that act, by devoting to the use of schools
the sixteenth section of that township, the land
was sold, through mistake, to a man by the name
of Whitehead, by the Commissioner of the Land
Office, and hence that academy was deprived of
the sixteenth section. They set forth that in 1831
an application was made to Congress for the pur-
pose of relief, and that an act was passed author-
izing: that academy to receive other lands in lieu
of this sixteenth section, and that the selection
vas given to the county of Lawrence instead of
the township of Monticello, and hence they were
deprived of it. They also set forth that it would
be a great inconvenience to them to be obliged to
go and make selections of land and Bell them, and
hence they desire Congress to pass a law giving to
them the amount which Whitehead paid for the
lot, together with interest at eight per cent., that
being the amount allowable by the laws of Mis-
sissippi. It is true, in 1803, by the act providing
for the sale of lands south of the State of Tennes-
see, the sixteenth section of each township was
allotted for the support of schools. That act also
provided that in case the sixteenth section was
held by a claimant having a lawful right there,
then the sixteenth section should not thus be ap-
plied to the support of schools.
In a letter which I have received from the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, he says that he can-
not state fully the facts in regard to his case, for
the reason that in 1814, when the British invaded
this country, the papers were destroyed by fire.
All the facts cannot, therefore, be stated; but there
is no doubt that Mr. Whitehead was in possession
of this sixteenth section, and under a right to it by
preemption, and as the law then stood, this town-
ship could not obtain its sixteenth section. But
whatwasdoneafterwards? Why,in 1826Congress
passed a law fully providing for all such cases,
and giving to the Secretary of the Treasury power
not only to select from that township, if he chose
to do so, but from any lands in the district in
which the township is situated, lands in place of
the sixteenth section. That law remains in force
at this day. The Secretary, on being applied to,
could set apart lands for the use of this academy,
and he reports that the existing law is perfectly
adequate to the relief which these parties desire,
unless you choose to give them money instead of
land. They have waited for twenty years. They
have not applied for land to be set aside for the
use of this academy at all. It is true that in 1831.
25
•they applied for a special act on the subject, [
What is that act? I will not take time to read it, i;
though I have it before me. It provided that a
person appointed by the courts should be author-
ized to select lands anywhere in the State for this
school, in lieu of the sixteenth section. There was
ample authority given by that act for the selection
of the land. This is the act:
" That one section of public land subject to pri vate entry
and sale, in the State of Mississippi, be located for tile use
and benefit of the school 111 Lawrence county, in said State,
in lieu of the sixteenth section sold and patented to William
Whitehead.''
Further than that, it authorized
" Any person appointed by order of the probate court in
and for the county of Lawrence, be and he is herebv author-
ized to select said quantity of land for Uie purposes above
mentioned." .
That is the act of 1831. The first section of the
act of 1826 makes provision for furnishing lands in
all cases where the sixteenth sections have not
been enjoyed. The second section provides that
the aforesaid tracts of land shall be selected by the
Secretary of the Treasury out of anv unappropri-
ated public lands within the township or within
the land district, and when so selected shall be held
on the same terms, for the support of schools in
such township as section No. 16 is or may be held
in the State where such township shall be situated.
The letter of the Commissioner of the Land Office,
on this subject, states explicitly that that act gives
full m>d adequate remedy to these parties. They
havearighttoapply to him to haveotherlandinlieu
of the sixteenth section, in the township of Monti-
cello, and that they may go anywhere in that land
district for such selection; they have, therefore, a
wider range for selection than they would have if
they were confined to the township in which the
academy is located. "Why, then, when there is a
full and perfect remedy for this academy, will you
go forward and ask for further legislation on the
subject?
But, sir, I turn now to the question for decision
by the House, and that is, whether the Committee
on Public Lands or the Committee on Private Land
Claims ought to investigate this subject. During
the last session of Congress this petition was pre- J
, sented by the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] on the 26th of July, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. Immediately
afterwards, a letter was sent by me to the Com-
missioner of the Land Office for information upon
the subject. That letter was answered on the
17th of August, and on the 19th of August I sub-
mitted to uie committee an adverse report upon
this claim, showing that there was no need of
legislation upon the subject. I do not charge the ;
gentleman from Mississippi with any knowledge
of this, for I am satisfied that he would not so
overstep the bounds of courtesy as to ask that
the Committee on Private Land Claims should be
discharged from the further consideration of this
petition had he known that a report had been
' drawn up by that committee adverse to the claim, j
But, sir, as you well know, and as the House well
knows, the Committee on Private Land Claims :
have not been called for reports since early last ;
session, and have had no opportunity to report
from that time to this. These papers have there-
fore remained in my drawer. I am ready to make
an adverse report upon this claim whenever I am -
called upon to report at all.
What, I ask the House, is the duty of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims? Is it not to ex-
amine just such cases as this? And after they
had gone forward and collected all the facts and all
the intelligence upon the subject, and prepared a
, report upon it, is it right, is it proper, that this
House should thus take a case from that com-
mittee and send it to the Committee on Public
Lands, which has nothing to do with the subject?
I submit that question to the House. Is it right,
is it proper, is it expedient, after one committee
has fully investigated a subject, to take the case
from before them and refer it to another comnoit-
1 tee to investigate the matter anew ? AVhat is the
iJ Committee on Private Land Claims to do ? Is it not
to listen to private applications with reference to
land? What is the Committee on Public Lands
to do ? Their duty is to take care of the public
domain, to provide for its survey and sale, and
adopt such other measures relating thereto as the
public exigency requires.
But when a party applies for the satisfaction of
a private land claim, why should it go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands ? If the Committee on
Private Land Claims had been derelict of duty—
if they had omitted to act upon this claim—then
I should be perfectly willing that it should be
taken out of their hands and passed over to another
committee. But the honorable gentleman from
Mississippi came forward on Thursday last—when
I happened not to be in my seat—and made this
motion without any application to the committee
or any notice to us. I heard of it the next day,
and I then submitted the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the transfer was ordered to be
made to the Committee on Public Lands. I
charge my friend from Mississippi with nothing'
improper. I am satisfied that he would have
given us notice beforehand that he intended to
make that motion had it occurred to him that it
was proper for him to do so. But it is so plain
that this is a suitable and proper case for the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and as they have *
already investigated the subject, I hope the House
will agree to the motion to reconsider, and allow
this case to be reported on by the Committee on
Private Land Claims, whenever that committee
shall be reached.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I have no in-
tention to detain the House upon this little matter,
which I think the gentleman from New York has
magnified into a great deal more importance than
really belongs to it. When I made the motion to
withdraw these papers from the Committee on
Private Land Claims and refer them to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I certainly did not con-
template any injustice to the honorable gentleman
from New York, or to the committee of which he
is the chairman. He is mistaken in supposing
that I did not make inquiries as to what progress
had been made in the investigation of this case
before his committee. Not being able to find the
gentleman himself, I asked one or two other mem-
bers of the committee, but they could give me no
intelligence with regard to it. I found that the
Committee on Public Lands were engaged in the
investigation of cases precisely like this, and think-
ing it would economize time to embrace all of them
in one proposition, I chose to withdraw these
papers from the Committee on Private Land Claims
and to submit them to the Committee on Public
Lands. It was for that and for no other reason.
Mr. JENKINS. Does the gentleman think that
where there are some half a dozen persons having
each individual and distinct private land claims,
it is appropriate to send them to the Committee
on Public Lands to be reported upon in a general
bill, so that the Committee on Private Land Claims
shall have nothing to do with the matter ?
Mr. BROWN. 1 was simply speaking of the
facts as they exist, that the Committee on Public
Lands had several of these cases under investiga-
tion; and believing, as I said before, that it would
economize time and labor to provide for them
all in one proposition, I for that reason, and for
that alone, asked to withdraw these papers from
the Committee on Private Land Claims and to
submit them to the Committee on Public Lands,
having some reason to believe at that time, that
no progress had been made in the investigation of
the cause. I repeat, that though I did not see the
gentleman from New York, I saw other members
of the committee. My collegue from the first
district [Mr. Nabers] will bear witness that I
called upon him, but he could not tell me what had
been done. He afterwards told me that the case
had been placed in the hands of the gentleman from
New York. This, however, wasafterl had made
my motion, and after the House had sustained it.
I can assure the honorable gentleman and the
committee,-that in making this movement, I in-
tended to cast no reflection upon the industry, ca-
