1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
, Mr. STRATTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO IOWA.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hope I may be indulged in
introducing a bill, of which previous notice has
been gn en, merely tor the purpose of reference.
It is a hill granting lands to the Slate of Iowa for
railroad purposes.
There was no objection, and
Mr. CLA RK introduced a bill to grant a certain
quantity of land to the State of Iowa for the pur-
pose of aiding the said State in the construction
of a railroad from Davenport to Council Bluffs, on
the Missouri river; which wss read a first and sec-
ond time by its title and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. McLAXAHAX. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
una timous consent 
Mr. McMULLlX. Mr. Speaker, what is the
regular order of husiness.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States for
resolutions.
Mr. McMULLlX. Then I call for the regular
order o'" business.
Mr. McLAXAHAX. The gentleman cannot
call for the regular order of business while I am
upon the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania hus the floor.
PROCESS IN THE UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. M:LAXAHAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce and put upon
its passage " An act in addition to the several acts
to regulate the issuing of process in the courts of
the United Slates." And I claim the indulgence
of the House to make a few words of explana-
tion 
Mr. McMULLlX. I object.
Mr. McL \XAHAN. Then I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of allowing me to
introduce the bill; and I claim the indulgence of
this House for a very few minutes while I explain
it.
Several Voices. "Order!" "Order!"
Mr. McLAXAHAX. I ask, then, that this bill
mav be read for the information of the House.
The Clerk then read the title of the bill as
above inserted, and was proceeding to read the
first section of the bill, when 
Mr. ORR inquired: Is it in order to read the
bill i:self before the rules are suspended, and it is
introduced ? 1
Mr. McLANAHAN. Several bills have this
morning been read for the information of the
House, under the same circumstances.
The SPEAKER. The title has been read in
order to show the character of the bill, but the
Chair does not think it follows that a gentleman
has a r ght to have the bill itself read.
Mr. McLAXAHAX. I appeal to the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to withdraw
liis objection, for I feel confident that the provis-
ions of the bill will meet with the sanction of the
House.
Mr. JOXES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, if this bill author-
izes a court in any one State to issue a process
to arrest an individual in another State?
Mr. McLAXAHAX. If it is not objected to,
I will with great pleasure answer the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. McLAXAHAX. Upon that I demand the
yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was de-ided in the nega-
tive.
ANN C. BELKNAP.
Mr. HARPER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 302,
granting a pension to the widow of General Bel-
knap. I desire to have the bill and report read.
The Clerk then read the title of the bill as fol-
lows:
" An granting a pension to Mrs. Ann C. Belknap."
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up and read a second time.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and subsequently it was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. HARPER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATHAN WESTON, JR.
Mr. WASHBURX. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 341,
for the relief of Nathan Weston, jr., late additional
paymaster in the United States Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to suspend the
rules, in order to enable me to make a motion to
take up the bill, and I ask the consent of the House
to make a very brief statement.
Mr. HARRIS. I object.
The House was then divided on the motion to
suspend the rules, and there were—71 in the af-
firmative; when
Mr. WASHBURX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. (Jaylord and
McX'air were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 36.
So the rules were suspended; and
On motion by Mr. WASHBURN, the House
took up for consideration the bill above indicated.
The SPEAKER. The bill makes an appropri-
ation of money.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 move that the rule,
which requires that bills making appropriations
of money shall go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, be suspended.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Ttofe bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and ordered to a third reading, and it
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also move
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANCE3 P. GARDINER.
Mr. GfORMAN. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, Stnate bill No. 150, entitled
" An act for the relief of Frances P. Gardiner,"
with an amendment. It is a bill for a pension,
! and has been pending a long time.
No objection was made, and the bill was reported
with an amendment.
The amendment to the bill was to change the
time of the continuance of the pension from "five
years" to the term of her " natural life;" and to
strike out " fifty," and insert " forty."
The question was first taken upon the adoption
of the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurring on ordering the bill
to be read a third time,
Mr. JOXES, of Tennessee. If there is areport
in the rase, I ask that it may be read.
Mr. GORMAN. The bill has passed theSenate
once or twice, and has been also parsed by this
House two or three times. It is for the relief of
the widow of the same Captain Gardiner who was
killed in the Dade massacre, in Florida. He was
sent there against his own will, and when almost
certain death was pending. In that massacre,
every human being but three were killed by the
Indians. The bill proposes to put the widow upon
i the same footing as the widows of others who were
'' killed in the same massacre.
I ask for the reading of the bill as amended.
! The bill was accordingly read.
The question then being on ordering the bill to
a third reading, it was agreed to.
The bill was subsequently read a third time and
passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORTS.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill which I send to the
Clerk's desk. The bill will explain itself, and I
hope the House will give their attention. *
The bill was then read, as follows:
An Act to regulate the report of the Patent Office, and
providing for additional officers therein.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, hi the Senate and House of Rep-
1 resentntives of the United States of America in Conzress
, assembled, That the Commissioner of the Patent Office
i shall cause to he prepared a general analytical and descrip-
b tive index or digest of all such discoveries, patented under
act or  cts of Congress, as he shall deem important to be
made known and published, and of all such discoveries and
inventions made in this country a* tend to illustrate those
so patented as aforesaid ; in "be accompanied with such
proper drawings as are requisite for underManding the same;
shall lroin time to time publish such portions thereof as are
sufhcienily prepared tor that purpose, and distribute and
st II the same as in his judgment will lie best tor the public
interests; and shall report the whole, when complete d. to
Congre.-s. And the net proceeds of the sales hereby aullior-
ized shall be accounted lor by him and credited to the patent
fund.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the
list of inventions and claims heretofore contained in the
annual report oftheCommissionerof Patents, he shall cause
to be prepared and embraced in his annual report, short in-
telligible descriptions of the "--evera! inventions and discov-
eries patented during the year, accompanied with such
drawings as are necessary for understanding the same, and
an analyiical and alphabetical index of the same, according
to the subjects.
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted. That one compiler,
with the annual salary oftwenty-five hundred dollars ; one
assistant compiler, with an annual salary of fifteen hun-
dred dollars; and one engraver, with an annual salary of
twelve hundred and fifty dollars; and one additional ex-
aminer and assistant examiner, to be paid like those now
employed in the Patent Office, shall lie appoinled in the
manner providrd in the second section of the act approved
July 4th, I8'?fi, entitled " An act to promote the progress of
the useful art*, and to repeal all acts and parts of acts here-
tofore made for that purpose."
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Patents is hereby authorized to draw upon the
patent fund from time to time for such sums as shall be
necessary to carry into effect the provisions ofthjs act, and
they are herehy appropriated for that purpose.
Mr. CARTTER. The explanation of that bill
which I desire to give is this: The bill proposes
to do what is not done at present in the Patent
Office. It proposes to make an intelligible mechan-
ical report of the transactions of that office. Every
gentleman upon this floor is aware of the fact, that
the contents of the mechanical report of the office
are now unintelligible, for the want of any me-
chanical description of the patents issued in the
office, which is the great design of the report it-
self. This bill proposes to remedy that difficulty,
by furnishing an outline draft, which will occupy
the labor of an engraver provided for in the bill,
and who is to be paid $1,200 to make it an intel-
ligible report. It proposes to pay the additional
cost out of the patent fund, which ought to be
dedicated to the purpose. It does not propose
to draw anything from the general Treasury.
These are the main features of the bill. It has
been under consideration, by the Committee on
Patents for more than eight months, but we have
been unable to find an opportunity to report it be-
fore. The object in putting it through this session
is, that the next copy of the Patent Office Report
mav be made intelligible.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. Has the bill been
read a second time.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. I move th&t it be referred to the
Committee of theWhole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL. It makes an appropriation, and
must be so referred.
Mr. CARTTER. It makes no appropriation
such as contemplated by therule. It requires that
the officers be paid out of the patent fund.
Mr. HALL. I will not ask for the reading of
the last section.
Section 4th was then read as follows:
" " Be it further enaited. That the Commissioner of Pat-
ents is hereby authorised to draw upon the patent fund
froin time to time for such sums as shall be necessary to
carrv into effect the provisions of this act, and which are
hereby appropriated for that purpose."
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. That last section
making an appropriation would require the bill to
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. There is ratheran important principle
contained in that bill, and notwithstanding it has
been in the Committee on Patents under consider-
ation eight months, this House has not had it
before them until some few minutes since. At the
best, it is a very dangerous mode of legislation to
report bills, and to pass them as soon as reported.
I move that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope my friend will with-
draw his objection to this bill. The only danger-
ous feature'of that bill is this: That you permit
the mechanics of this nation to know what ia
transacting by the Department of this Govern-
ment sustained by contributions from their own
pockets. That is all the danger involved in the
bill. There is not a single gentleman upon the
committee who would hazard the success ofa single
project in connection with the Patent Office, by
