1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
The question now was, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. MOREHEAD. I call tor the yeas and '
nays.
Mr. ORR. The bill is unconstitutional, and
ought not to be passed. I move that it be laid
upon the table; anil upon'that motion 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SWfcl'.TSER. I ask for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Wilcox and
Henpricks were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays, and the tellers reported ayes
33, Hues till; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. It' it be the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will proceed to ascertain whether
there is a'quorum present.
There bein^ no objection, the Speaker proceeded
to count the House, and announced that 160 mem-
bers were in their places.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In order to
obviate all difficulty in the matter, I will strike out
that portion of the bill which provides for his nat-
uralization, to -which many gentlemen seem to
raise objection.
Mr. ORR. "With that understanding: I will
withdraw the motion to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON.' I now move to amend the
bill by striking out the following clause:
'• That from and after the passage of this act, John W.
Qoinnev. a member of the Stockbnilse tribe of Indians, shall
be deemed, from that time and thereafter, a citizen of the
United States to all intents and purposes. He shall be en-
titled to all ibe ri !it«, privileges, and immunities of such
citizens eeneraHv. in all such respects, and subject to the
laws of the United States, and of the State of Wisconsin,
m the same inaaner as other citizens of that Slate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish it to go upon the rec-
ord that 1 have stricken out this provision, not as
a reflection upon this old man, but from the fact
that the House entertains constitutional scruples
relative to it.
The bill was then passed.
The title of the bill was then read, as follows:
" An act to confer upon John \V. Quinney, a member of
the Stoekbndge tribe of Indians, the right3 of citizenship
of the failed States, and for other purposes."
Mr. JOHNSON. I more to amend the title so
that it w ill read:
" An act for the relief of John W. Quinney."
The amendment was agreed to, and the title as
amended adopted. |
ENROLLED BILLS. j
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En- :
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol- ,
lowing bills; which received the signature of the
Speaker, yiz:
An act to prohibit public executions in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
An act for the relief of the widow and orphan •
children of Colonel William R. McKee, late of
Lexington, Kentucky;
An act to erect at the capital of the nation an
equestrian statue of Washington;
An act for the relief of Charles 8. Mathews,
Charles Wood, and James Hall; and
An act to extend the provisions of an act ap-
proved the 3d of March, 1847, and an act ap-
proved the 26th of February, 1849, for the carry-
ing into effect the existing compacts with the
States of Alabama and Mississippi in relation to
the five per cent, fund and school reservations.
PRIVATE BILLS UPON THE TABLE.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order to move to take up
and refer the private bills upon the Speaker's table ?
I will state to the House that there is no business
upon the Private Calendar upon which the House
can act when it again goes into the Committee of
the Whole House. There are some forty or fifty
bills upon the Speaker's table to which I presume
there will be no objection. If the House -would
spend fifteen minutes in referring those on the
Speaker's table to the appropriate committees,
there would then be enough to do when the House
' "again passes to the consideration of private busi-
ness in the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. Itwillbe
competent for the House to suspend the rules to
accomplish the object of the gentleman from New
York, if he desires to submit that motion.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going to the private business
upon ihe Speaker's table. i
The question was taken, and the rules were sus-
pended—ayes 105, noes not counted.
Mr. SACKEVT. 1 now move that the House
proceed to dispose of such private bills upon the
Speaker's table as shall give rise to no debate.
The motion was agreed to.
The following Senate bills and joint resolutions
were then taken from the Speaker's table, sever-
ally read a first and second time by their titles, and
disposed of as indicated below:
An act (No. 381) confirming the claim of tbe
heirs of Joseph Thompson, senior, deceased, to a
tract of land in Missouri. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A resolution (No. 16) for the relief of Alexan-
der Y. P. Garnett.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is it in order to move to put
the resolution upon its passage ? It is a simple
resolution.
The SPEAKER. If there be objection, the
Chair must decide that it is not in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then 1 move to refer it to a
Committee of the Whole House.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
so referred.
A resolution (No. 32) for supplying arms to the
Washington Yagers and the Washington Boon
Riflemen, in the District of Columbia. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A resolution (No. 19) for the relief of the heirs
of David Corderey. Referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
An act (No. 187) for the relief of George G.
Bishop and the legal representatives of John Ar-
vw\iri nAPPA^Pn
M . CARTTER. I hope the House will allow
this bill to be put upon its passage.
Objection was made, and the bill was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
i order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
An act (No. 194) for the relief of Jacob Young.
Referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
An act (No. 195) for the relief of Margaret Far-
rar. Referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
An act (No. 196) authorizing the legal represent-
atives of Antome Vasquez, Hypohte Vasquez,
Joseph Vasquez, and John Colligan, to enter cer-
tain lands in Missouri. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
An act (No. 197) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Martin Fenwick. Referred to the
Committee on Claims.
An act (No. 203) for the relief of David P.
, Weeks. Referred to the Committee on Pensions.
An act (No. 234) for the relief of James Glynn.
« Mr. GOODENOW. I move to refer this bill
to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to some
of these bills taking precedence over others upon
the Private Calendar. I move to refer it to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GOODENOW. I will state to the gentle-
man, that the Committee on Naval Affairs have
already had the subject under consideration, and
have reported a similar bill. I hope it will go to
a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES. I will not press my motion.
So the bill was referred to a Committee of the
I Whole House.
I Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to make
' an inquiry. I have been trying for a long time
to get the floor for the purpose of reporting a
Senate bill from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
for the purpose of having it referred to a Commit-
tee of the whole House. I ask if I mav not now
report it, and let it go along with the bill which
has just been referred ?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
There was no objection, and
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported Senate bill No. 7, for the relief
of the widows and orphans of certain officerAnd
seamen of the United States brig Washington,
who were lost overboard in a hurricane; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
The following Senate bills were then severally
t read a first and second time by their titles, and re-
t ferred as indicated below, viz:
An act (No. 238) for the relief of Thompson
Hutchinson. Referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
An act (No. 239) for the relief of Elizabeth
Jones and the other children (if any) of John
Carr.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand this bill has
once passed the House and has been reported on
by the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. I
therefore move that it be referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
An act (No. 244) for the relief of the heirs of
the late MajorThomas Noel,United States Army.
Mr. STUART. 1 move to refer the bill to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. ST ANTON, of Ohio. I desire to know if
these bills are to go to a Committee of the Whole
House without examination ?
Mr. STUART, Not at all.
Mr. STANTON. These bills are sent here
from the Senate, and we are referring them to the
Committee of the Whole House, where they will
be placed upon the Private Calendar, and where
we shall be called to act upon them without any
information in regard to their merits. I m*e to
refer this bill to the Committee on Claims.
The question was first taken upon referring to
a Committee of the Whole House; and the mo-
tion was agreed to.
An act (No. 245) for the relief of Don B. Juan
Domercq, a Spanish subject. Referred to the
Committee on Claims.
A resolution (No. 34) for the relief of Isaac Hous-
ton. Referred to the Committee on Pensions.
An act (No. 407) for the relief of Jim Capers.
Mr. COBB. If I knew the pleasure of the
House as to what motion I should make that would
be satisfactory, I would make it. It is a bill for
the relief of a black negro, but one who served in
the war of the Revolution. The Senate have passed
a bill placing him upon the pension roll, and I
think it is a just one. I move to refer the bill to
a Committee of the Whole House. His skin is
black, but we believe he ought to have a pension
nevertheless.
i The motion was agreed to.
An act (No. 98) for the relief of Sarah D. Mac-
kay. Referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
An act(No. 176) for therelief of William Bedi-
ent, late a sergeant in the fourth regiment of ar-
tillery.
I Mr. SACKETT. I move to refer this bill to a
j Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES. It strikes me, that by referring
j some of these bills to the standing committees of
I the House, and others to a Committee of the
Whole House, and thus giving them preference in
our action upon them, we do a great injustice. I
move to refer it to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I hope the
bill will be referred to a Committee of the W hole
I House. Its only chance is in that disposition of
it. If it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, no opportunity will be afforded to report
upon it.
The question was first taken upon referring to
a Committee of the Whole House, and the mo-
tion was agreed to.
1 An act (Nor 193) for the relief of Robert Arm-
. strong.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. That bill has
been informally before the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and they have unanimously instructed
me to move to put it upon its passage. If the
House will indulge me in having read a short
extract from a letter of General Jackson, I am
confident there will not be one here to object.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I move, then,
that the bill be referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
The question was taken, and it was not agreed
to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will ask
the consent of the House to report a bill from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, for the purpose of
having it referred to the Committee of the W hole
House.
