1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend- ;
men is, when
Mr. WALKER said: As there are a number of
amendments, I withdraw my request to consider
them now, and move that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think that it should be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
involves a very grave constitutional question.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to remark that a sub-
ject of the same kind has been before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I do not know that it
has been considered by any member of the Com-
mittee but myself. That is a proposition to con-
fer, by a general law, the rights of citizenship upon
certain Pueblo Indians in New Mexico. Wnen
it came to my notice, I responded at once that 1
did not consider it competent for us to admit citi-
zens in this form. I regarded it as something
peculiar in our Indian relations, which I did not
think it competent for us to do.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will suggest to my friend
whether we can have special laws of naturaliza-
tion, or whether we are not bound to have a uni-
form system of naturalization?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHIELDS. I consider that a very im-
portant question.
Mr. WALKER. I will say for myself, as a
member of the Committeeon Indian Affairs, that
if the amendment shall involve ajudicial question,
I will seek to have it brought back from tne Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. If it is merely a private
case, the Committee on Indian Affairs is compe-
tent to decide it.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
FRANCES P. GARDNER.
The Senate then took up for consideration, the
amendment which had been made by the House
of Representatives to the bill for the relief of
Frances P. Gardner.
Mr. HALE. I will state that that is a bill for
the relief of the widow of an officer who was
slaughtered at the same time as was Major Dade,
of the United States Army. The Senate at the
last session passed a bill for the relief of this lady,
and also one for the relief of the widow of Major
Dade. Major Dade's widow, who stands exactly
on the same footing as this lady, had her bill
passed, renewing her pension for life, and begin-
ning in 1640, when the other pension expired.
The amendment of the House to this bill is sim-
ply to put the widow Gardner on the same footing '
as the widow of Major Dade. I have consulted |
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af- \
fairs, [Mr. Shields,] and it his opinion that the
Senate should concur in the amendment of the
House.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is my opinion. I shall
not debate the question, but I think the bill is bet-
ter now than when it left the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the bill, with
the amendment, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, in order to place the widow of
Lieutenant Colonel Craig on the same footing,
Mr. HALE. That will only embarrass the
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall object to that motion,
although I am in favor of extending the relief to
the widow of Colonel Craig.
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw the motion.
The amendment made by the House was then
concurred in.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
Mr. SEWARD. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will appoint
some day next week, say Monday, to which this
subject may be postponed, and not propose to take
it up to-morrow.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope the honorable Senator
from New York will withdraw his motion, with a
view to permit this matter to be postponed to next
week. It has been discussed to-day; and I make
this suggestion because I think one day in the
week is'about enough to occupy on it, andthat the
residue of the week ought to be appropriated to
practical legislation. I want to speak myself on
the subject, but I do not want the residue of the
week to be consumed in its discussion.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is out of or-
der. The question is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 11.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 25, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed an
act entitled " An act for the relief of Rebecca J.
Birdsell."
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is the consideration of the bill providing
for a branch Mint in New York. Upon that
question the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Seymour] is entitled to the floor.
The Chair would state to the House that there
are three or four communications from the Presi-
dent and from the Departments lying upon the
Speaker's table, some of which, the Chair is
advised, it is desirable should be referred to the
appropriate committees. If it is the pleasure of
the House, the Chair will have them communi-
cated.
No objection was made, and the following com-
munications were presented and referred, as indi-
cated below.
A message from the President of the United
State, as follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United Slates :
In obedience to a resolution of your honorable body, of
December 27th, 1852, in reference to claimB of custom-
house officers tor additional pay, I have the honor herewith
to transmit a report from the Secretary of the Treasury
giving the desired information ; and, in answer to the sev-
enth interrogatory, asking " Whether, in my opinion, further
legislation id necessary or advisable, either to protect the
Treasury from unjust claims, or to secure to the claimants
their just rights," I would state that, in my opinion, no
further legislation is necessary to effect either object. My
views on this subject will be more fully seen on reference
to the opinion given by me to the Secretary of the Treasury,
a copy of which is annexed to his report.
MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 24th, 1853.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, as
this communication is in reply to a resolution
offered by myself, I desire to submit a brief state-
ment of the contents of the papers accompanying
the message, and of the laws upon which these
claims are predicated.
Various newspaper reports are in circulation as
to the amount and character of these claims; and
I think it desirable that an authentic but con-
densed statement of the matter should be pub-
lished. For the opportunity of making this ex-
amination, I am indebted to the kindness of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The " Act to establish the compensation of the
officers employed in the collection of the duties
on imports, and for other purposes," approved
March 2, 1799, fixed a schedule of fees for cus-
tom-house officers, which is the basis of all sub-
sequent laws on that subject.
During the war of 1812, importations were
almost entirely suspended, and the suspension of
the banks in 1814, and consequent inflation of the
currency rendered the compensation fixed by the
law of 1799 entirely too low. To remedy this I
a law was passed, April 26, 1816, allowing them
fifty per cent, in addition to the amount allowed |
by the law of 1799.
1 The third section of the civil and diplomatic ap- \
propriation bill,approved March 2,1833, provides |
1 that custom-house officers shall have the same
compensation according to the importations of that j
year, that they would have had if the tariff of 1832 ,
had not gone into effect.
' The second section of the civil and diplomatic !
appropriation bill of 1834 reenacts the third sec- |
tion of the act of 1833, with a proviso that no offi- i
cer of the customs, except collectors, naval offi- :
cers, and surveyors, shall receive a compensation
by salaries, feee, or otherwise, exceeding #2,000;
nor should any one person, by holding two or
; more of these offices, receive more than $2,500.
I And the further proviso, that no custom-house
! officer, under that act, should receive a greater
j salary or compensation than was paid to such
annual officer in the year 1832.—Statutes at Large,
698-9.
The third section of the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill of 1835 repeals the second section
of the act of 1834, and then provides that the col-
lectors, naval officers, surveyors, and their respect-
ive clerks, and the weighers of the several ports,
shall have the same compensation in the year 1835,
according to the importations of that year, as they
would have been entitled to if the tariff act of 1832
had not gone into effect; and provides again, that
no officer should receive a greater annual salary or
compensation than was paid to such officer in 1832,
and that no officer, other than collectors, apprais-
ers, and surveyors, should receive a greater annual
compensation, by salaries, fees, or otherwise, than
$1,500 each, nor should the union of two or more
of those offices in one person entitle him to receive
more than that sum.
The third section of an amendment to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill of 1836 reenacts
this section, with the additional proviso, that if a
law should be passed during that session regula-
ting the compensation of custom-house officers,
this section should only extend to the time when
such law should take effect.—Statutes, vol. 5, pp.
113-14.
This section was reenacted,in substantially the
same terms, by the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill of 1837.—5 Statutes, 175.
The third section of the Military Academy ap-
propriation, for the year 1838, reenacts this same
provision, with the additional proviso, that no
collector shall receive more than $4,000, no naval
officer more than $3,000, and no surveyor more
than $2,500 per annum.
By the seventh section of the " Act for the re-
lief of Chastelain and Pannerd, and for other
purposes," approved July 21, 1840, the third sec-
tion of the act for the support of the Military
Academy for the year 1838, is revived and con-
tinued in force for the year 1840, " and until other-
wise directed by law."—6 Statutes, 815.
The twenty-sixth section of the tariff of 1842,
provides that all laws existing on the 1st of June,
1842, shall extend to, and be in force for the col-
lection of the duties imposed by that act; and that
all laws inconsistent with any provision of that
law should be repealed.
The law of March 3, 1849, merely provides
that the gross receipts of the revenue from cus-
toms shall be paid into the Treasury, and the
compensation of custom-house officers paid out of
the Treasury, but does not in any way affect the
{ amount of compensation.
So stands the law in relation to the compensa-
tion of custom-house officers at this time.
From 1841 to 1850, I do not understand that
there was any controversy about their construc-
tion, so far as weighers, gaugers, and markers
were concerned. The law of 1841, reviving the
law of 1838, and continuing it in force, which
provided a maximum of $1,500, was to remain in
force and regulate their compensation, and their
accounts were settled and paid on that construc-
! tion.
I understand that collectors, naval officers, and
surveyors have not been paid under that law since
June 30, 1848, but that they are paid under the
tariff of 1846, which, by fixing a lower rate of du-
ties, reduces the percentage they would be enti-
tled to under the law of July 21, 1840, which
bases their compensation on the tariff of 1832. In
1849, these officers urged upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to allow them their compensation under
j the laws of 1840, 1838, and 1832.
Mr. Meredith, the then Secretary of the Treas-
ury, submitted the question to the Attorney Gen-
eral. On the 18th of March, 1850, Mr. Johnson,
the Attorney General, gave it as his opinion, that
as the section of the act of 1838, regulating the
fees of custom-house officers, which was revived
and continued in force by the act of July 21,1840,
was passed in consequence of the passage of the
tariff of 1832, that the repeal of the tariff of 1832
necessarily annulled that law. The claims of these
officers were therefore rejected.
Thereupon, the weighers, gaugers, measurers,
and markers, come and say, that if the laws of
1840 and 1838, fixing a maximum for their fees
are repealed, that they have a right to have them
computed under the law of 1799 and 1816; and
I see no escape from it, if Mr. Johnson's opinion
is correct.
