394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
These claims were presented to the present Sec- '
retarv of the Treasury, and by him referred to
the Attorney General. On the 15th of November,
185-, Mr. Crittenden returned his opinion to the
Secretary of the Treasury, agreeing with Mr.
Johnson that the laws of 1840 and 1838 were re-
pealed by the tariff of 1842.
This opinion was submitted to Mr. Rockwell,
the Commissioner of Customs, whose duty it was
to examine and allow the claims. On the 20th of
Novembei, 1852, Mr. Rockwell delivered a writ-
ten opinion or decision to Mr. Corwin, dissenting
from Mr. Crittenden, and rejecting the claims.
In the mean time, some of the claimants became
impatient, and called the attention of the President
to the subject, and urged him to " see that the
laws were faithfully executed."
The Secretary thereupon insisted that the Pres-
ident should give his personal attention to the sub-
ject, and give his opinion as to the rights of the
claimants. He did so, and on the 8th of Decem-
ber, 1852, sent a written opinion to Mr Corwin,
saying that, in his opinion, the law of July 21,
1840, was not repealed by the tariff of 1842, but
was still in force; but that, in a question upon the
construction of a law, the opinion ofthe Attorney
General, according to the long-settled usage and
practice of the Government, must prevail; and
that, if Mr. Crittenden adhered to his opinion, the
claims must be paid.
Mr. Corwm inquired, further, of the Attorney
General, whether a decision of his predecessor,
communicated orally to the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and by him communicated to the claimants
as his own decision, without saying that he was
acting under the instructions of the Secretary,
could be regarded as a decision of the case, which
he was bound by? And further, whether the offi-
cers whose accounts were finally settled, and given
receipts in full for their compensation, were not
thereby barred from claiming to have them opened
up, and additional compensation allowed?
On the 28th of December, 1852, the Attorney
General answered both these questions in the af-
firmative, and decided that the claimants were
barred, both by their settlements, and by the de-
cision of Mr. Meredith. The communication on
your table states the number of these claimants at
three hundred and twenty-eight, and the aggre-
gate amount claimed at $1,250,000.
It certainly cannot be a matter of surprise, that
the most intelligent and upright men in the coun-
try should differ in their construction of such a
heterogeneous mass of legislation as this subject
presents.
I do not believe the statute-books of any civil-
ized country can present such a mass of confused,
crude, and ill-digested legislation as this. It will
be observed that these claims are only rejected,
and this million and a quarter of dollars saved, by
the laches of the claimants, and the decision of a
former Secretary of the Treasury against these
claimants.
The grounds of the rejection are somewhat
technical, while upon the merits they have the
opinions of two successive Attorneys General in
their favc r.
Now, I conress I have my fears that this is
too feeble a barrier to resist, for many years, the
pressure of a million and a quarter of dollars.
But if it is, it only applies to those who have
gone out of office, had their accounts settled and
paid in full, and their claims presented to the
Treasury Department, and rejected. Those who
are now in office, and those who may hereafter be
appointed, will be entitled, under the decision of
the Attorneys General, to this enormously in-
creased compensation. Whether Congress can
change the law so as to operate upon past services,
may be matter of doubt.
But that we can, and should, without a moment's
delay, apply a remedy to operate in the future, I
apprehend there is no doubt; and I hope the
Committee on the Judiciary will turn their atten-
tion to the subject at once, and speedily report a
proper bill.
It would seem, from the communication on your
table, that this call for information was unnecessary
so far as the claims then pending were concerned;
for they have been rejected without any interpo-
sition on the part of Congress.
I engaged in this matter with much hesitation
and reluctance, mainly from an apprehension that
it might be regarded as an evidence of unfriendly
feelings towards the present head of the Executive
Department of the Government. Nothing could
be further from the truth; and I will avail myself
of this occasion to say, that in my judgment, no
purer or more upright statesman than Millard Fill-
more has ever filled the presidential chuir since
the organization of the Government. It is true
that I differed with him as to the wisdom and pro-
priety of one of the leading measures of his Ad-
ministration; but it never entered my imagina-
tion for a moment that he was governed by any
other than the purest and most patriotic motives.
But the facts which came to my knowledge satis-
fied me that there was some radical defect in the
existing laws regulating the compensation of cus-
tom-house officers; and I was satisfied that no-
thing would be so likely to secure prompt and
speedy action upon the subject as an exhibition of
the consequences that were likely to result from
further delay.
I am well aware that those whose interests are
affected by this movement will regard it as a very
great piece of impertinence on my part to interfere
in the matter, and will not be slow to retaliate
whenever and wherever they can make their influ-
ence felt.
I have no ambition for a contest with these
" daughters of the horse-leech," whoare scattered
throughout the length and breadth of the land, for
1 should be sure to get worsted. For if there was
any truth in the maxim that " Money is power,"
it is most emphatically true in this country, and
of this mammon-worshipping generation. 1 have,
therefore, every reason for desiring to avoid such
a contest. I have done only what I believed to be
my duty, and am entirely willing to let conse-
quences take care of themselves.
I move that the message and accompanying doc-
uments be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB. I move to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the accounts
which have been due more than three years prior
to the 1st of July, 1852, on the books of the Regis-
ter of the Treasury.
Ordered, To lie upon the table, and to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
i ment, transmitting a report of the facts and the
law applicable to a claim presented to the Depart-
ment by the legal representatives of Lieutenant
Robert Browning, late of the United States Navy,
deceased.
The communication and accompanying docu-
ments having been read, were, on the motion of
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
made in pursuance of an act approved April 2d,
1794, transmitting a statement of the expenses of
the national armories, and of the arms and append-
ages made and repaired thereat during the year
ending the 30th of June, 1852.
Ordered, To lie upon the table, and to be printed.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. DARBY. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce a very short bill, which merely grants
the right of way through the land of the arsenal
and Jefferson barracks, in St. Louis, to a railroad
company already organized. A survey of the
road has been made, and the company want no
money, but merely the right of way. I hope that
by unanimous consent the bill may be read
through, consisting as it does of not more than
half a dozen lines, for information, and that it
may be passed.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Does it ask for a
grant of land ?
Mr. DARBY. It does not ask for a grant of
land nor a grant of money.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, as follows:
" A bill granting the right of way to the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain Railroad Company."
The bill was then read through for information.
Mr. STUART. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri to give a little more authority
to some officer of this Government to say whether
that road shall be located at all or not. The lan-
guage of the bill is by no means explicit. It as-
serts affirmatively at the beginning that the right
of way is given, and the locution is made, subject
to the approval, &c.; that is, it must be located
somewhere, but this officer shall say where. I
want the language changed, so as to authorize
some officer of this Government to say whether it
shall be located there at all or not.
Mr. DARBY. 1 have no objection to adopting
in this bill the precise phraseology of the bill passed
at the last session for the Sackett's Harbor and
Ellisburgh Railroad Company, provided unani-
mous consent be granted for that purpose.
Mr.STUART. Myobjectwill be accomplished
by the addition of the following proviso:
Provided, That said location can be made consistently
with the public interest in that quarter.
Mr. DARBY. I accept that amendment.
The bill as modified was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and having been
engrossed, it was read a third time and passed.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Brooks] is entitled to the floor on the
bill to establish a branch Mint of the United States
in the city of New York.
CENSUS STATISTICS.
Mr. FREEMAN. I ask leave of the House to
introduce the following resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish this House with any information, which the Su-
perintendent may have excluded from his reports, illustra-
ting the social condition of the countries of Europe, inclu-
ding any important facts respecting education, pauperism,
crime, taxation, wages, and public administration and ex-
penditure.
Mr. STUART. I desire to inquire, the Chair
having announced that the gentleman from New
York was entitled to the floor on the New York
branch Mint bill, whether the time occupied in the
consideration of this resolution will be taken out
of the morning hour? :
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
will come out of the morning hour.
Mr. STUART. Then I have no objection to
the resolution of the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. FREEMAN. I will simply state that I
believe there is valuable information in the Census
Bureau which has not been reported to the House.
| I desire that it may be laid before the country, as
| it has been procured at the public expense. I
j hope the resolution will be permitted to pass with-
I out opposition.
, Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
my friend from Mississippi, whether the object is
to prepare another book for publication before the
census is printed ? I object to the resolution.
Mr. FREEMAN. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. LETCHER. When that information
eomes in, the next movement willbe to print it in
book form.
Mr. FREEMAN here made a remark which
was totally inaudible at the reporters' desk.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
when I was interrupted in my remarks on last
Monday by the expiration of the morning hour,
I had stated the amount of gold coming into New-
York from California, and the amount received
there of foreign coins in payment of Government
dues, and also that which was estimated to be
brought there by emigration, at #60,000,000 per
, annum. On reviewing statistical returns, on which
j we can rely with the fullest confidence, I am sat-
isfied that 1 was mistaken in the amount, and have
placed it much lower than I ought to have done.
The amount of gold which came in there from
California during the last year—and everybody
acquainted with the extending resources of that
port must see that this amount is destined from
year to year to increase—the amount, I say, last
year, was between $50,000,000 and $60,000,000.
And,on recurring to the tables presented to this
House by Mr. Walker, late Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury, as long ago as the year 1848, it will be seen
that the amount received there from foreign em-
igration at that time, was $8,000,000. That
may now be safely estimated at least as high as
#12,000,000, owing to a large increase of emigra-
tion, and especially an emigration of a more sub-
stantial character than was formerly the case.
This is in addition to what is annually collected in
