896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
" The first reading of * bill shall be for information, and |
if opposition be made to it, tlie question shall be ' Shall this
bill be rejectedIf no opposition he made, or if the ques-
tion to reject be negatived, the bill shall go to its second
reading without a question."
The Chair decided at the time the question of re-
jection was originated, that it was debatable from
the very nature of the question, involving, as it
did, the fate of the bill. If debate was in order at
all, under the rule just quoted, it follows, in the
opinion of the Chair, from another rule of the
House, that the gentleman has the right to close
the debate.
Mr. BURT. Read the rule.
The 34th rule was then read as follows:
" No member shall occupy more than one hour in debate
on any question in the House or in Committee; but a mem-
ber reporting the measure under consideration from a com-
mittee, may open and close the debate," &c.
Mr. BURT. The point I make is, that the bill
is not under consideration. It is not reported to
the House. It is presented to the House, but has
not been received by it; and the question which
the House* has been considering for the last two
mornings is, whether that bill shall be received or
rejected ? That is the very question. The Chair
draws a distinction between the question of re-
ception as recognized by our rules, and the ques-
tion as presented by the rules in this case, which
is as to the rejection of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair held that it was
debatable, involving, as it did, the fate of the bill.
Mr. BURT. 1 was not aware that there had
been any decision upon the point.
The SPEAKER. That was the decision, and,
in conformity with that decision, the Chair thinks
that the gentleman from New York, under the
34th rule, has a right to close the debate.
Mr. BROOKS then proceeded to address the
House in favor of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will allow us to dispose of this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. JVo, sir, I cannot. I move
that the House proceed to the business on the
Speaker's table; and, in connection with that mo-
tion, I move that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY. Must not the question be first '
put upon the motion to proceed to the business on
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided the other
day, and the House acquiesced in the decision,
that the uniform practice was, when the two mo-
tions were made following one another, to put the
question first upon the motion to suspend the
rules. That has always been the practice here,
and the decision of the Chair was sustained the
other day upon an appeal, as the gentleman will
recollect.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Brown, of
Mississippi, in the chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the consideration of House
bill No. 335, " to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1853."
Mr. HOUSTON. When the debate was closed
by resolution, upon this bill, it was my desire to
have occupied at least a portion of the hour that
is allowed me under the rule, for the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee to some of
the provisions of the bill. It did seem to me then,
and it seemed to me at the time the bill was taken
up, that it was very important that its provisions
should be discussed. They have not, however,
been even alluded to. Since the debate was closed,
I have not been allowed to take up the bill, so that
there is now so little time remaining for the action
of the two Houses upon the various appropriation
bills, as well as the other matters that necessarily
come up for action, that I am disposed to abandon
the intention I had of addressing the House upon
the subject, and I will therefore merely propose
several amendments to the bill. They are very
important amendments, which have been commu-
nicated to the committee since the debate has been
closed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee" on Ways and Means a
question with regard to this bill. I desire to know
if the bill provides for the payment of the extra
allowances to the several clerks ?
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill does provide for
that, although it provides for it under another
name. At the last session of Congress, an ap-
propriation was made for the contingent expenses
of the House, according to the estimate of the
Clerk of the House. After that appropriation
had been made, the House passed various resolu-
tions, someof them increasing salaries, and direct-
ing paymentout of thecontingent fund, and others
, giving extra compensation to the employees in
this Capitol, and about the public grounds. The
Clerk has considered that he was not only au-
thorized to do so, but that it was his duty to
use the money that was appropriated by the civil
and diplomatic bill, for the payment of the extra
compensation voted under resolutions of this House,
and that has created the necessity for a large por-
tion of the deficiency in the fund to meet the va-
rious expenditures of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means state the aggre-
gate amount, as far as he has been able to ascer-
tain ? I also desire to know whether this bill
makes provision for any similar appropriation
hereafter?
Mr. HOUSTON. Itdoesnot. Mr. Chairman,
at the last session of Congress the Committee on
Ways and Means thought it the most proper
course of legislation to separate what has been
used heretofore as the contingent fund of the
House into its various classes, and to appropriate
for each of the various classes as estimated by the
Clerk. The committee adopted this course for
the purpose, in part, of preventing what I am
very free to say I regard as a great waste of money
at the close of each session, by adopting simple
resolutions by the House to pay various sums for
one purpose or another out of the contingent fund.
; We believed that if it was not in conflict with the
letter, it was in direct conflict with the spirit of the
Constitution, which provides that no money shall
be taken from the Treasury of the United States
without being first appropriated. We believed
that it was pot in conformity with the spirit of
that clause to appropriate some two or three or
four hundred thousand dollars to cover the con-
tingencies of the House, or to cover the contin-
gencies of the Senate, and then, when the money
] was taken by that authority from the Treasury,
to divert it by a simple resolution of either body
to paying a bill of expenses for Kossuth, or to
pay extra compensation to clerks, or to create new
offices and pay the salaries out of the contingent
fund, or to whatever purpose they may choose to
divert it. The object of the committee was to
specify each item of expenditure, as estimated by
' the Clerk, and let each appropriation'be applied to
the object for which it was appropriated, and none
other.
In theciviland diplomatic bill of the last session,
there was an appropriation made for the purpose
of paying the salaries of the index clerks, amount-
ing to £30,000, or a little under. That, of course,
was one of the items of the contingent fund. Yet
that appropriation-has been used to meet the reso-
lutions passed at the close of the last session of
Congress, increasing the salaries of some of the
officers, and giving extra compensation to all of
them; so that there is now an item in this defi-
ciency bill of $28,000, or thereabouts, to pay the
salaries of these index clerks of the House. That
illustrates the principle upon which most of the
appropriations for deficiencies which have arisen
in the department of the Clerk of the House of
Representatives. They were brought about by
our own action. We passed resolutions, without
any consideration at all, directing the Clerk of the
House to pay out of the contingent fund of the
House, these amounts. But the Clerk felt author-
ized, indeed he felt it to be his duty, to apply to
the payment of miscellaneous items the appropria-
tion designed originally for the compensation of
the index clerks.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
i one question. Was there not an estimate from
I the Clerk's office to pay the index clerks, as they
are called, under the head of contingencies, of
about $30,000; and if there was any estimate
brought before the Committee on Ways and Means
or before the House for the payment of this ex-
tra compensation? And I ask if the Clerk of the
House did not divert the money appropriated for
the compensation of these index clerks to pay the
extra compensation of officers and employees
about the House provided for by these resolutions,
and then come here and attempt to show that there
is a deficiency in the salaries of these index clerks,
when in point of fact, it should be shown that the
deficiency arises under the resolutions for extra
compensation? The money appropriated should
have been applied to the payment of the salaries
of these index clerks; but in consequence of this
diversion of the appropriation by the Clerk of the
House, these clerks have not received one dollar
of their regular salaries since the commencement
of the present fiscal year.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will answer the gentleman
as far as I can. As I have before remarked, the
estimates, as originally presented by the Clerk to
the Committee on Ways and Means, was for an
aggregate sum for the contingent fund of the
House. But when we requested him to present
his estimates in separate items, among the rest he
presented one of $30,000 for miscellaneous pur-
My friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Vena-
bt.f.,] who had received some information that the
index clerks were not provided for, in company
with myself, called upon the Clerk to know if he
had estimated that $30,000 to provide for these
clerks. He assured us it was; but afterwards,
when the House passed a resolution directing him
to pay other sums for other objects out of the con-
tingent fund, then the question presented itself
to him—I presume, as a matter of discretion—■
whether he should pay the index clerks, or whether
he should appropriate the money to pay the last
orders of the House. I think the Clerk commit-
ted an error in paying the extra compensation,
instead of the regular salaries of the officers of the
House. But be that as it may, he had the au-
thority of the House directing him to pay out of
the contingent fund these several sums, and he did
pay this extra compensation out of an appropria-
tion which was designed for an other object, al-
though not so specified in the bill. By this means
there is left a deficiency in the salaries of these
index clerks, whereas that deficiency was created
by diverting the money appropriated to pay the
salaries of these clerks for the purpose of paying
the extra compensation subsequently ordered by
the House.
Now, in justice to the Clerk, I desire to say, that
there were other causes creating this deficiency,
besides this resolution for extra compensation to
the regular officers about the House and Capitol.
I say it with all respect to my colleagues in this
House; but I must say that I do not think it a
wise course of legislation to create officers in the
manner in which they were created at the close of
the last session of Congress. A number of offi-
cers, of one grade or another, was created by
a resolution after the estimates of the Clerk were
sent in, and I think, even after the passage of the
civil and diplomatic bill by this House. This is
the cause, I have no doubt, of some of these defi-
ciencies.
Mr. McMULLIN. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means has shown why
the Clerk of the House may have appropriated this
$30,000 which was intended for the index clerks,
to another purpose. The fault lies with the mem-
bers of the House, and not with the Clerk. I am
sure thegentleman does not mean to reflect upon the
Clerk. It is true that, in my opinion, he ought to
have complied strictly with the intention of the
House in making the appropriation; but he had
tlie authority of the House for paying out the
money in the manner in which he paid it. The
fault lies with the members of the House. I trust,
when the civil and diplomatic bill comes up, the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
will be able to show the House that we ought not
to make these additional appropriations to the
officers of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the latter sug-
gestion of my friend from Virginia, I will say that
so far as I am concerned—and I am sure all the
members of the committee have done the same—
the Committee on Ways and Means hate labored
