1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
industriously to specify each item of appropriation, !
that ihere might be no mistake, and that no abuse ;
might creep 111 from any quarter. I believe it is
belter policy for Congress to specify these appro-
priations, each under its appropriate head; but it is
impossible that it should be done, so far as every
dollar is concerned; for there are contingencies
winch necessarily arise which cannot be antici-
pated, and therefore cannot be provided for. 1 will
name an item or two. For instance, you want a
contingent fund in the House, and also in the Sen-
ate, for the purpose of paying thefuneral expenses
of members who may die during the session of
Confess. You want a contingent fund of the
House also, for the purpose of paying the ex-
penses of the Sergeant-at-Arms, or the Speaker,
in the discharge of their duties connected with the
House, and to meet various other items which
cannot be anticipated with any degree of accuracy,
and which must, to some extent, constitute a con-
tingent fund.
But the practice of appropriating the entire
amount of the expenditures ol*the two Houses in
one round sum, for each House, under the head
of contingencies, and then allowing that House,
without any other authority than by a simple res-
olution, passed in the excitement ofthe moment, in
the hurry and confusion of the close of a session
of Congress, is one which every person who has
paid any attention to the manner in which these
things are done, must see is a very bad one. By
this means money is diverted from the channel for
which it was intended to another and far different
one. It seems to me that Congress ought not to
appropriate money in this manner. I shall, when
the civil and diplomatic bill comes up—and 1 am
glad the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMul-
liv] has called the attention of the House to this
subject—ask Congress to appropriate a specific
amount for each item for the two Houses, and that
no money shall be expended for any other object
than that for which it was appropriated.
I now ask that the amendments I have sent to
the Clerk's desk may be read.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask if it is
not the usual mode to read the bill section by sec-
tion for amendments ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the usual prac-
tice.
Mr. STANTON. Then I ask that that course
may be pursued now.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, I am instructed by the Committee on Public
Buildings to offer an amendment to the clause of
the bill which provides for the extension of the
Capitol.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the completion of the repairs of the Congressional
Library room, authorized by an act approved March 19,
1852, fj-'OrVH.
Mr. STANTON. I simply desire to say, in refer- i.
ence to the amendment which I have offered, that
it has been recommended by the Secretary of the
Interior, upon estimates furnished to him by the
architect. The original estimate furnished by the
architect for the completion of the Library room
was $72,000. That sum, or nearly that amount,
has been expended, and it has not been sufficient
to complete the whole structure. The reason why
it is necessary to have an additional appropriation
is, that when the first estimate was made, it was
made simply to supply the iron work; which has
cost, ind eed, just about thesum estimated, or within ,
a few thousand dollars, showing that as far as the
estimate went, it was correct. After the architect
took possession of the room, he found that much
more damage had been done by the fire than was ;
at first anticipated. He had to cut out a great deal
of the stone work, and to tear up the foundation.
The foundation was not found sufficiently solid, i
The floor, instead of being made solid from the top
of the arches up to the pavement, had been filled
in with sand, rubbish, loose bricks, &c., and was
by no means compact. It was necessary for him
to dig down and remove that rubbish, in order to
secure a solid foundation for the iron work, by
which means the expense has been greatly in-
creased beyond the first estimate. I have before
me a statement of the architect in reference to
these expenses, which will explain the necessity ,
for this appropriation; and if the House desire it j
to be read, I will send it to the Clerk. I
The letter was read by the Clerk, as follows: I
Architect's Office, Ex. U. S. C., )
Washington, December 28, 1852. )
Sib t I find that Ihere will be a deficiency of appropria- 1
tion lor the repair of the Congressional Library of $20,50(1, i
which has occurred in consequence of the injuries from the
fire being greater than were at first supposed, and I rum the *
impossibility of estimating accurately the cost of so novel
and difficult a work, as well as from a more expensive finish
having been decided upon than was at first contemplated.
I find my estimate of quantities in the iron work to cor-
respond very nearly Willi the actual amount of material
used, but it was impossible to say with cerlainty what the
prices would be until the bidders for the work had submitted
their proposals. In fltder to show the uncertainty of the
cost of so uDusal a work, 1 subjoin a list of the aggregate
of each of the bids, founded on the quantities ascertained
by my own estimale, which, as before remarked, has proved
to be substantially correct:
E. Corning & Co., Albany §87,636
Theo. J. (Jillies, New York  85,869 j
J. T. Ames, Boston  77,492 i;
R. P. Laihrop, Albany  72,968 '
Jno. B. King & Co., Albany  72,851
Carnley, King & Co., Albany  72,646
Bogardus & Hopper, New York  72,518
Janes, Beebe & Co., New York  59,872
It will be observed that all the bids except the last, ex-
ceed the whole amount ofthe appropriation, and the differ-
ence between the highest and the lowest is .$27,764. The
lowest bid was accepted, and I have the satisfaction to say,
that the work has been executed as well and as faithfully
as it could have been done by any one.
The style of finish I propose to give to the work is as fol-
lows :
All the plain surfaces of the ceilings, both horizontal and
vertical, to be gilded in three shades of gold leaf, so dis-
posed as lo give depth and effect to the panels. All the or-
namental mouldings, pendants, and drops of the ceiling to
be finished in gold bronze, and the prominent parts to be
tipped with gold, burnished so as to produce a sparkling ef-
fect against the dead gold surfaces.
The large consoles to be painted in light bronze green
tipped with gold bronze and burnished gold, for the purpose
of giving relief to the fruits and foliage.
All the cases, the railings and the remaining iron work to
be finished with light gold bronze, tipped on all the parts
which receive the strongest light, with burnished gold.
The walls to be frescoed in ornamental panels corre-
sponding with the rest of the work.
In the finish of this room, I desire to keep up the idea of
the whole being composed of metal, which could not be
done if other than metallic colors were used; and I think
that the effect of the finish here proposed will be perfectly
harmonious, and will impart to the room a brilliancy and
richness consistent with its architecture. j
The estimate here given is founded on this description of
finish. :
X am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, 1
THO. IT. WALTER,
Architect Repairing Congressional Library.
jlon. Alex. H. H. Stuart, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. McMULLIN. I take it for granted that
the committee will adopt the amendment. I only
desire to say that this architect has not proved, to
my mind, his worthiness of the station he now
occupies. He has made a very wide mistake, not j
only upon this, but upon former occasions. I j
hope the time will come when we shall have more
accurate calculations submitted to us. j,
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment oflered by Mr. Stanton, and it was agreed
to. I
Mr. DEAN. 1 propose to amend the clause of
the bill which provides for finishing and keeping
in order Lafayette Square, as follows: Add there-
to, " For compensation to Clark Mills for erect-
ing the equestrian statue of General Jackson, on
Lafayette Square, §20,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order. .
It is this: that that appropriation is not in order 1
to this bill. There is no authority of law for it,
and it is not a deficiency. i
Mr. DEAN. The bill to which I offer the
amendment is a deficiency bill, and this amend-
ment proposes to provide for work already done.
We have the same 
Mr. GOODENOW. I submit the point that
debate is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recollects that
there was an appropriation of $5,000 last year. 1
That, however, was for the pedestal of the monu- i
ment.
Mr. DEAN. There-was a law making an 1
appropriation last year towards completing this
monument. It makes no difference whether that
was for the pedestal or for the statue itself'.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the Gov-
ernment gave cannon for the material, and gave the [
pedestal. There is no deficiency, so far as the j
compensation of the artist is concerned.
Mr. POLK. If it is in order for Congress to |
make an appropriation attached to a bill of this
character, for the purpose of forming a pedestal,
surely it is in order to make an appropriation to
reward the artist for his genius. I cannot see the j
difference. One was in order, and was so enter-
tained last session, and surely this is in or(j^r.
Mr. DEAN. This is merely to supply a defi-
ciency.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has soni*
doubts about the question, but will sustain th«
amendment as being in order.
Mr. GOODENOW. From that decision I take
an appeal.
The question was then put: " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
and it was decided in the negative.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
The Clerk resumed and progressed in the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. GORMAN. I offer an amendment to the
clause providing for the completion of the Census,
to come in at the end thereof.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Out of which the Superintendent of the Census shall
be allowed a compensation at the rate of $3,000 per annum,
from the time his salary as Secretary of the Census Board
ceases.
Mr. GORMAN. It will be remembered by
those who have taken the pains to look at the
controversy which arose between the Superin-
tendent of the Census and a Senator, in regard to
his salary, that it was contended that according
to the law creating this Census Board, he, as Sec-
retary of the Board, was entitled to a salary, and
that according to the law subsequently passed,
creating a Superintendent of the Census, that it
would allow him to draw pay in two capacities. By
the construction of the Comptroller his salary was
$3,000, but by a law passed by the Senate at the
last session of Congress, and by the House this
session, he is enabled to draw only $2,500, al-
though the salary was really $3,000. Thus, by a
law which had in view only to prevent him from
drawing pay in two capacities, he has been de-
prived of that $500 for some time.
The object of my amendment is only to correct,
and make the law conform to its original inten-
tion, and to give to the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus the salary originally allowed. If it passes he
will draw pay in only one capacity, and will settle
the controversy which has arisen between him and
the Comptroller. He only wants the fixed salary
of $3,000, which it was intended by law that he
should have, and which was given him under law
at first.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. At the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-first Congress, a law was
passed creating a Census Board, consisting of the
Postmaster General, the Secretary of State, and
the Attorney General, to make preparations for the
taking of the Seventh Census, in framing blanks,
&e. That Board, by the same law, was author-
ized to appoint a secretary, at a salary of $3,000
per annum. At the first session of the Thirty-
first Congress, the law providing for the taking of
the Seventh Census, and the creation of a Super-
intendent of the Census, at a salary of $2,500,
was passed. The clerk of theCensus Board, under
the first law, was appointed the Superintendent of
the Census. I understand that Board never had
authority to meet after the passage of the law of
1850, providing for the taking of the census.
Then, sir, it is said by some, that he claimed the
salaries of both offices.
Mr. SWEETSER. Does the gentleman mean
to say that he intended to commit fraud ? I am
authorized to say that he never attempted to get
both of the salaries.
Mr. JONES. I do not say that he did, but I
say that it was contended by some he was entitled
to it. If I mistake not, opinions were given by
Bome of the high functionaries of the Government
that, perhaps, he was entitled to both. A law
was passed at the last session providing that he
should receive only one salary. A law which passed
the Senate at the last session passed the House at
the present session providing that, from the time he
became the Superintendent of the Census, under
the law of 1850 he should receive the salary fixed
by that law, which was $2,500. I think that law-
was fair. He discharged the duties of the Super-
intendent of the Census as soon as that law was
passed, and he should receive the salary attached
to it. I believe he has received $3,000 per annum
from that time till now, and if we do not pass some
law on the subject he will have to reimburse the
Government to the amount of $500 per annum,
which is over and above the salary of Superin-
