398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
tendent of the Census as fixed by the law of
18 0. 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
strike out the sum of $3,000 arid to insert §3,001.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the gentleman from
Tennessee is mistaken in one or two views of tins
case which he has presented. The Census Board
was not discontinued in 1850, as he states, and for
which Mr. Kennedy was clerk, at a salary of
$3,000. It is true, that while he was clerk of the
Census Board, and while that Board was still in
existence, as it was much later, as will be seen
from the report of 1851, the appointment of Su-
perintendent of the Census was conferred upon
nim because he wasfamiliar with the duties-of the
office. He held both offices. Now, sir, 1 think
that the gentleman from Tennessee made a very
great mistake when he said Mr. Kennedy claimed
both salaries.
Mr. JONES. I did not say thst Mr. Kennedy
claimed both salaries, but that it was contended
by some that he was entitled to both.
Mr. STEPHENS. I will not argue the ques-
tion, whether he was or was not.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman whether an
opiivon was not given that he was entitled to both?
Mr. STEPHENS. It is very possible that
there was such an opinion given. He held both
offi'-es, but he never claimed the salaries of both,
even if he was entitled to both. He made his
election to receive the salary of §3,000, and con-
tinued the discharge of the duties of both offices.
Why, so far from Mr. Kennedy asking that
which was not due him from the Treasury, if he
had not been appointed Superintendent of the
Census, but another man, we would have had a
clerk of the Census Board at a salary of §3,000
and a Superintendent of the Census at a salary of
$2,500 per annum. He, as I have already stated,
discharged the duties of both offices, and claimed
onlv the salary of $3,000.
Mr. JONES. I will ask the gentleman whether
that Census Board ever met after Mr. Kennedy
was appointed Superintendent of the Census until
this question was raised in Congress during the
last session ?
Mr. STEPHENS. • Yes, the Board met and
made a report in December, 1851, which is among
the documents accompanying the President's mes-
sage at the opening of Congress. I have seen it,
and from which it appeared thattheduties assigned
it were then being performed; that it was still
in existence, and that Mr. Kennedy was its clerk.
Their office nor their duties were functus officio.
Mr. TOOMBS. AVas not the law creating a
superintendency of the Census, intended to do
away with that Board ?
Mr. STEPHENS. It was not. That Board
still continued to discharge its duties. There were
duties prescribed for the Board in that very law,
•which were to go on and make arrangements and
attend to the printing necessary to take the Census,
for the final consolidation and publication.
Mr. PHELPS. No, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. The whole matter, then,
resolves itself into this: Whether, when there were
two offices—one with a salary of $3,000, and the
other with a salary of $2,500—and one man ac-
cepted and discharged the duties of both, and
thereby saved the Government $2,500, he has the
right to make an election and take the higher sal-
ary. The Attorney General and the Secretary of
the Interior gave it as their opinion that he had
that right; and it is now for us to say whether he
shall have that Balary or not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWEETSER. It seems that allusion has
been made to the act passed at the present Con-
gress which has involved this subject in difficulty.
I recollect perfectly well, when the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] proposed to put that
bill upon its passage, that I rose to my feet and
made objection, but subsequently withdrew it, the
statement having been made that the proposition
was introduced with the consent of Mr. Kennedy.
I suppose that the House desires at this time to
haye little to do with the subject of meandering
legislation. The plain practical question has been
presented, whether Mr. Kennedy, who was em-
ployed by the Governmental a salary of $3,ft00
as clerk to the Census Board, shall receive that
salary until the duties of that office are completed
or not. There is no one here claiming that he
was not engaged at a salary of §3,000. He has
' from the time of his appointment up to the pres-
ent moment discharged its duties in good faith,
and whatever mistakes have occurred have been
in consequence of meandering legislation here.
1 suppose there is not a member present who is
not willing to give Mr. Kennedy, up to the time
that the public shall have advantage of his services,
• that annual salary of $3,000—the pay of a head
of a bureau. That is what was intended, and this
House are now appealed to to stand up and do
right to this man, because if there be fault it does
not lie at his door. He has done his duty, and
the proposition now is, whether the Congress of
the United States will pay him the salary at which
he was engaged, or whether they will suffer inter-
vening legislation to defraud him out of it. Since
the act to which 1 have adverted was passed, a
construction has been given it to the effect that
Mr. Kennedy must refund $500 out of his salary
of $3,000 for each year that he has received it
since the passage of the act creating a Superintend-
ent of the Census.
The Judiciary Committee committed the error;
and as a member of this House, in order to correct
that error, I appeal that justice be done this man—
that he be paid the salary of the head of a bureau,
and that legislation occurring here by common
consent, induced by statements made upon this
floor, be not permitted to defraud him out of it.
I was cheated out of my vote on that subject, and
intended, as far as I could, to retrieve that griev-
ous wrong. 1 have sought the present occasion to
do so.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw my amendment
if there be no objection.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. DUNHAM. I propose to reduce the
amount five dollars.
M r. Chai rman, I have taken occasion to examine
the law by which the Census Board was created,
and the laws in regard to the taking of the Seventh
Census, passed subsequently,and havenodiffieulty
; in coming to a proper conclusion on the subject.
1 The law organizing the Census Board provided for
the discharge of a particular duty, which was the
; preparation of interrogatories for the purpose of
taking the Seventh Census, to be submitted at the
next session of Congress. That was their only
t duty under that law, and, as a matter of course,
l whenever that duty was discharged, the Board be-
came functus officio. There was nothing then for
| it to do, and it died of its own accord. I send the
j law to the Clerk's desk to be read, that the House
;! may see that the position 1 take is correct.
1 The Clerk read as follows:
1' " That the Secretary of State, the Attorney Genera), and
i the Postmaster General, shall constitute and be a Board, to
be styled the Census Board ; that it shall be the duty of the
said Hoard to prepare and cau-e to be printed, such forma
and schedules for collecting in statistical tables, under proper
head*, such inform moii a-, to mines, agriculture, commerce,
mannfactures, education, and other topics as will exhibit a
fall view of tlie pursuits,industry, education, and resources
of the country ; it being provided that the number of said
inquiries, exclusive of the enumeration, shall not exceed
one hundred, and that the expense incurred in preparing
and printing said forms and schedules shall not exceed
$10,(100."
The House will see that that Board was simply
constituted to report to Congress the proper inter-
rogatories under which thecensus was to be taken.
They performed that duty, and at the next ses-
sion, Congress treated that Board as having dis-
charged its duty, and as being officially dead; and
they then provided for taking the census. I hold
in my hand the law which was then passed, cre-
ating the office of the Superintendent of Census,
under which this officer was appointed, and which
gave him a salary of $2,500. It reads as follows:
" And to enable him the better tn discharge these duties,
he is hereby authorized and required to appoint a suitable
and competent person as Superintending Clerk, who shall,
under his direction, have the general management of mat-
ters appertaining thereto, with the privilege of franking and
receiving, Iree of charge, all official documents and letters
connecied therewith. And the said Secretary shall also
appoint such clerks and other officers as may be necessary,
from tune to time, for the efficient management of said ser
vice. And the compensation to be allowed and paid to the
officers connected with the Census Office, shall be as fol-
lows: Forthe Superintending Clerk, $2,500 per annum in
full for his services; and for the assistants and clerks, the
compensation Msually paid fur similar services, to be fixed
and allowed by the Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. Chairman, it was under that clause of this
J law, that this man was appointed Superintendent
I of the Census, under which he has acted, and
' under which he has been paid. After examining
this matter, and going on to discharge his duty, the
Superintendent of the Census, or some one else,
took it into his head that he could by his legerde-
main fall back upon that old and expiring Board,
resuscitate it, and get a higher salary than ihelaw
provided for under which he was appointed. The
only duty that Census Board has done since that
time, was to meet together, and resolve that they
were still in existence, in order that this man might
hold the office of Secretary, and thus, in this round-
about way, get the increased salary. I undertake
to say that no gentleman upon this floor can show
that the Board met for any other purpose, or to
discharge any other duty, after the passage of the
law for taking the census, than for the appoint-
ment of this man as Superintendent.
Mr. GORMAN. Thegentleman did not seem
to apprehend the point, or else 1 am in the dark as
to the law. I understand that this Census Board
was created, and that M r. Kennedy was appointed
the chief clerk, at $2,500. There was a Secretary
of the Board origiffally by the law previous to the
one read by my colleague, and the salary was fixed
at $3,000. He was elected in a capacity where he
would be entitled to $3,000. He was elected to
take the salary of $3,000. The Comptroller of
, the Treasury decided that he was entitled to it,
! and he drew that sum. The gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] last session ofCongress,
introduced a resolution more immediately 
Mr. DUNHAM. I will put the gentleman
right in regard to that matter. The very difficulty
by which this matter came to Congress, was, as
I understand it, because the Comptroller refused
to pay.
Mr. GORMAN. The Comptroller oftheTreas-
ury did pay $3,000 for two years and a half; and
now the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,]
who was at the head of the Judiciary Committee,
reported back the Senate bill this session, and
had it passed through this House, its details not
being considered at all. By the construction given
to that law, this officer was to receive only $2,500;
and now the Comptroller of the Treasury calls
, upon Mr. Kennedy to pay back $500 for two
years and a half, which he has already received
under the existing laws. These are the facts, as
they appear upon the records of the Government.
tilr. DUNHAM Will the gentleman allow me
a single word ? I hold in my hand the law by
which that man's salary was first fixed at $3,000.
It was a law subsequent to rendering the service,
and it reads in this manner:
u Jlnd be it further enacted. That for the purpose of carry-
ing into effect this act, and defraying the preliminary ex-
penses, th-re is hereby appropriated, nut of anv money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $150,000 ; out of
which the said Secretary of the Interior mav allow (o the
person employed as Secretary of the Census Board, a com-
pensation after the rate of $3,000 per annum, during the
period he has been in their employ."
The gentleman, or any one else, cannot find a
law upon the statute-book for the time he has been
acting as Superintendent of the Census Board,
authorizing him to receive one single dollar, except
as 
Mr. GORMAN. I make the declaration, and
the record shows that I am right, that he did receive
$3,000 per annum. If the gentleman will lookat
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, he will find that the Secretary recommends
that this amendment be made to the same law, so
that he may be allowed his $3,000. The Secre-
tary recommends it in his official report, and calls
attention specially to it; and if this amendment is
not passed, Mr. Kennedy must pay back $500 a
year for two and a half years, according to the
decision of the Comptroller. The Attorney Gen-
era] has decided that he is entitled to $3,000 a
year. The Secretary of the Interior decided that
he is entitled to $3,000 a year, and the Comptroller
contends that he has a right to decide the question
for himself, and that the Attorney General's
opinion is not binding upon him; and, conse-
quently, he has demanded and withheld his salary
to the amount of $500 per annum for two and a
half years. The Superintendent comes here now
and asks to be relieved from paying backthe$500
for two and a half years, which he has already
received. I have it here upon his own statement,
and I will place it upon record, so that he shall be
responsible for it. I have it. from the official re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior, and from the
statement made officially by the Comptroller of
