1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
the Treasury, that he has drawn this money, and
unless you pass tins amendment now, he will be
ciMiipet.ed t'1 p. v H back.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 would ask the gentleman
torttVr to the law under which this man's salary
is ly't.ilHl. 1 challenge any one, 1 care not whe'her
it be the Attorney General or any other person,
to show any law by which that amount of money
can be claimed by the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. DUNHAM. If there be no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment.
The question was then put on Mr. Gormav's
amendment, and on a divisioirthere were—ayes
6S, noes not counted.
Mr. GORMAN demanded tellers; which were
ordered: and Messrs. Polk and Hendricks were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 68, noes 43; no
quorum voting.
Mr. STUART moved that the committee rise.
Mr. S\VEETSER. Let us have a recount, if
there be no objection.
The tellers having resumed their places, the
Question was asain taken, and there were—ayes
72, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I propose to amend the
clause appropriating for the completing the census
by strikin? out $25,000 and inserting §50,000. 1
do that because that is the sum asked for by the
Secretary, as necessary to complete the work be-
fore we can publish it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Twenty-five thousand dol-
lars is all that is asked for in this deficiency bill.
We have siven every dollar which the Secretary
{islcpd ^Of
Mr. CHANDLER. Fifty thousand dollars is
asked for in the Secretary's report.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not speak of the Sec-
retary's report, but his estimates sent to us to be
put in the deficiency bill. His estimate was for
§25.000, and we have put that sum in the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I may be mistaken,
according to the gentleman's statement, and will
withdraw my amendment.
The next section was then read, as follows:
" For stationery, printing blank forms and regulations,
fivrmture. binding books, and miscellaneous items, in the
office or the Commissioner of Pensions, .$10,000."
Mr. RIDDLE. I propiose the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section:
For engraving for fifty-one thonsand five hundred and
twenty copies of the mechanical part of the Patent Office
Eeport for 1".~tI - .®565.
Mr. HOUSTON. No one objects to it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rid-
dle's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the |
following amendment:
To pay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix, and
the Annals of Congress, ordered for the u*e of the Con-
gressional Library under the resolution of the House of
September 28, 1850, .$4,500.
It may be necessary to say, in explanation of
the amendment, that on the 28th of September,
1850, a resolution was passed by the House, di-
recting the Clerk to purchase from the publisher
of the Globe and Appendix, and also from the
publisher of the Annals of Congress, one hundred
copies of those two works, to be placed in the
Library for the use of the members of the House.
Those works are still continued, and neither one
of them is complete. The object of the resolution
was to procure for the use of the House two com-
plete sets of these works, and at least one hun-
dred copies. I understand that the Annals of
Congress will be completed when they reach the
Eighteenth Congress, and there are some half a
dozen or more volumes yet to finish the work.
Mr. STANLY. We cannot hear a word the
gentleman says in this quarter.
Mr. STANTON. It is an unfortunate place I
have, and I will try and get out of it as soon as
possible. Last year the publisher of these works
furnished the usual number of copies, and they
are now in the Library. There is no money in the
hands of the Clerk to pay for them. The object
of this amendment is to place in his hands the
amount of money necessary for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not hear the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Stanton] who offered this amendment; but my
recollection of that resolution is, that it does not
authorize the Clerk to make any contract for
books beyond those that v. ere published at the
time. 1 think—if my memory is not at fault—'
that it was you, Mr. Chairman, who offered the
resolution—or perhaps, it was an amendment to
a resolution that was pending—that the Clerk of
the House purchase one hundred copies of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, and one hun-
dred copies of Gales & Seaton's Register of De-
bates, including the Annals published also by Gales
& Seaton, to be placed in the House Library—not
in the Coneressional Library—for the use of the
members of the House.
Now, sir, 1 have no doubt that this amendment
will pass, and perhaps it is right that it should;
but 1 do not think that it is right for the Clerk or
any other officer of this House, to make contracts
and to purchase books until the House has or-
dered it to be done.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Tennessee, I will
make a very brief explanation. The resolution
to which the gentleman refers was offered by me
and adopted by the House. The object which I
had in view at the time was to secure for the Li-
brary complete sets of the works in question—not
imperfect sets—to be placed in the Library in or-
der that members of Congress might be able, if
they desired it, to take to their rooms-full and
complete sets of all the debates, and have them
there for their use during the session.
Mr. JONES. I understand that perfectly well,
and I am not complaining of it at all; but I say
that the gentleman's resolution—since he says he
offered it—did not provide for the purchase of a
hundred copies at each and every session of Con-
gress, and that being the case, the Clerk should
have waited until Congress authorized him to
purchase the subsequent copies.
Mr. STANTON. A word further, in explana-
tion. The books are not furnished under a con-
tract made by the Clerk of the House with the
publishers, but they are furnished by the publish-
ers under the resolution to which I have referred,
which provides that the Clerk of the House shall
procure and pay for, out of the contingent fund,
complete copies of these works, to be placed in
the Library.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
whether the books have or have not been fur-
nished .'
Mr. STANTON. They have been furnished,
and are now in the Library, and the object of this
appropriation is to pay for them. It is asked for
by the Clerk to pay a debt which has already
been incurred.
Mr. STANLY. Is an amendment to the amend-
ment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STANLY. Then I desire to amend it in
such a way as to furnish some four or five mem-
bers with books, who have not yet been furnished
with them. There are some gentlemen here who
have been elected to supply vacancies occasioned
by resignations, and others who have been sent
here to fill vacancies caused by the deaths which
have unfortunately taken place, and it is surely
right that they should be put upon the same foot-
ing as other members.
Mr. LETCHER. I have prepared such an
amendment, which I send to the gentleman.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I will offer it.
The amendment was read, as follows:
To enable the Clerk of this House to furnish, pay for, and
deliver the same books to five new members of the present
Congress, as per resolution of this House, passed 26th July,
1852, §4,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the gentleman from North Carolina what a set of
these books, for one member, costs?
Mr. STANLY. I do not know.
Mr. JONES. Eight hundred and seventy dol-
lars, I think.
Mr. STANLY. This amendment ought to be
adopted, in justice to the five new members. But
as to this whole business of the distribution of
books, I am as much opposed to it as the gentle-
man from Tennessee can be.
Mr. JONES. Four thousand five hundred dol-
lars for five sets, would be just $900 a set.
The question was then taken on the amendment
I to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment as
amended, and being put, it was decided inathe
affirmative.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. If it is in order, I wish to
submit an amendment, to provide that hereafter
no books shall be furnished to a member of Con-
gress except those published by the Congress of
which he is a member.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair doubts very
much whether such an amendment would be in
ord er.
Mr. STANLY. Very well, sir; then I will
offer it upon some other occasion.
The Clerk then read the following clause of the
bill:
" For the payment of the amount due William Williams,
under tin' 16th section of the Cherokee treaty of 1 si:> and
1K36, bein" the balance of an award of $405 by the com-
missioners under said treaty, of which were paid out
of the appropriation ' for carrving into effect tile Cherokee
treaty of 1535 and 1836,' $150."
Mr. BRENTON. I rise to ask the committee
to pass over that clause informally. I have an
amendment which I desire to offer, but I am not
prepared with the estimates. It would come in
appropriately here, and I therefore ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to pass over the
clause informally.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill has been up in
committee for two weeks, and I very much hope
that we may be ahle to finish it this evening. I
do not want, therefore, to have to go back when
we get to the end of the bill. The gentleman has
spoken to me about his amendment, and it can
come in just as well to another bill, which will be
up in a few days, as to this.
Mr. BRENTON. If there is any chance of
getting through the bill to-day, I will not ask to
defer action upon this clause; but 1 should like it
to be passed over informally for the present.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana, that lie will best
attain his object by asking the unanimous consent
of the committee to return to this clause, when
the bill has been gone through.
Mr. BRENTON. Very well, sir. I will pur-
sue that course.  
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment:
To pay Gregory Ennis, executor of Phillip Ennis, de-
ceased, balance due upon a contract for filling up the low
ground south of the President's House, authorized by actof
March 3, 1849, the sum of $474 54.
That amendment ia made necessary by a defi-
I ciency in the appropriation made in the month of
March, 1849, for filling up this low ground south
of the President's House. Phillip Ennis made a
contract fordoing that work. Before hecompleted
his contract, he was dismissed from service by the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, and another
plan adopted for the completion of the work.
There was found due to him four hundred and
seventy-four dollars and some cents; but the ap-
propriation of that year was not sufficient for its
' payment. There is no doubt about the Govern-
| ment being indebted to him, because itisacknowl-
1 edged upon all hands. I have letters of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, of the Surveyor,
and of other officers, and they all certify to the
, fact that this much is due. Phillip Ennis has since
■ died, and the debt is claimed by Gregory Ennis,
his executor. The Committee on Public Buildings
j and Grounds have examined the claim, and are
convinced of its correctness. That committee, in
view of all the circumstances, thought the claim-
ant entitled to interest from the time the work was
done; but I have not included the interest in the
amount. The sum named in the amendment is
the actual principal of the debt, and no more.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the following clause, viz:
" Forexpenses which may be incurred in acknowledging
the services of the masters and crews of foreign vessel* in
rescuing American citizens and American vessels from
shipwreck, $2,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon consultation, not with
the Secretary of State, for he was not in, but with
the Chief Clerk of the State Department, he sug-
gested that it would be better to put a proviso to
that section that the money shall be expended un-
der the direction of the President of the United
States. I therefore move to add these words:
