400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
Provided, That thr money shall be expended under the
direction of the President ot the United States.
foe question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The next and last clause of the bill was then
read, as follows:
'• For contingent expenses of House of Representatives,
viz:
" For newspapers for members, five thousand dollars;
" For horses and carriages, one thousand one hundred
dollars;
" For clerks, messengers, pages, and laborers, ten thou-
sand five hundred dollars;
" For clerks on maps for the use of the Committee on
Public Lands, seven thousand live hundred dollars;
•' For folding documents for members, four thousand dol-
lars ;
" For clerks on index of private claims, twenty-eight
thousand nine hundred and twelve dollars and fifty cents;
" For miscellaneous items, three thousand dollars."
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the last
item of that clause by striking out the word
" three " and inserting " six " in lieu thereof.
There are some miscellanies which I have not
taken into view, and I think, therefore, that the
amount had better be increased to six thousand
dollars.
Mr. STANLY. I oppose that amendment for
the purpose of calling the attention of the House
and of the honorable chairman of the Committee
en Ways and Means, to that item of the clause
which relates to maps for the use of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. I hope some gentleman
will be able to give us some information upon that
point. I understand that a great deal of money
has been wasted upon these maps, and that when
they have been prepared, they have been thrown
aside as entirely useless, after costing some two
or three thousand dollars. Perhaps, too, the
Committee on Ways and Means, or the Commit-
tee on Accounts may be able to give us some in-
formation with reference to the clerks employed
on the index of private claims. Many years ago,
an honorable colleague of mine, not now a mem-
ber of this House, asked for these clerks for a few
months, and at another session of Congress they
were asked for again for a few months; and so it
has been going on for years, and they have not
Set finished their business. Now our friends the
emocrats are comings into power, and they will
have full sweep of all the offices, and they can find
places for these clerks at the other end of the ave-
nue and thus save this much to the contingent
fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. No doubt the latter part of
the gentleman's advice will be, to a great extent,
followed. It will, therefore, be traceable to him
as a very influential member of the opposite politi-
cal organization of the country, that he advised
those coming into power to make removals.
Mr. STANLY. Oh, no; not at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I agree with the gentleman
from North Carolina, that these index clerks are
an imposition tyron the country. 1 believe they
have been there too long, and that the index has
cost a great deal too much. But I understand
that the work is now nearly completed, and the
Clerk of the House has sent in no estimate for it
for the next fiscal year. So much on that sub-
ject.
With regard to the preparation of maps for the
Committee on Public Lands, I wish to say to the
gentleman from North Carolina, that the labor of
the clerks so employed, when it ever is completed
—but very little of it, it seems to me, ever is com-
pleted—is very valuable. I have made a personal
examination into this subject, within the last ten
days, and have had conferences with regard to it
with the Commissioner of the Land Office, and
other gentlemen connected with the land Depart-
ment, and I am satisfied that these maps are vastly
useful to the country when they are completed.
They are of great'importance, and should not be
dispensed with.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask I
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and 1
Means a question, for the •sake of information,
which, perhaps, I should have asked sooner. I
wish to ascertain how much that index of private
claims has cost, up to the present time?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know, and there-
fore cannot answer the question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Tt has cost between twenty
and thirty thousand dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believeit isabout that, but
I do not know the precise amount. I was going
on to say, when I was interrupted, that while I
think that these maps are of great utility, and that
they should not be dispensed with, I believe that
the force at present in the Land Office can discharge
all the duties of that office without an additional
force for this purpose. I am willing to vote, and
shall vote, to make no additional appropriation for
clerks upon this particular branch of the public
service. The proposition here is to give an amount
of pay for this year. There is a deficiency, and
it is necessary to pass this appropriation to con-
tinue the services of these clerks, and pay them
for what they have done during the present year.
After this, I am willing to dispense with them,
and shall so vote.
Mr. FLORENCE. I moveto amend the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Ways and
Means,by striking outthe words "six thousand,"
and inserting " twenty-four thousand nine hun-
dred and fifty."
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment, because
that is the amount asked for by a communica-
tion, if I understand it correctly, made by the
Clerk of the House to the Committee on Ways
and Means. I do not mean to say that it is pre-
cisely the amount necessary to be appropriated,
but I do mean to say—indeed, I can prove con-
clusively that it is the amount asked for, as abso-
' lutely necessary, and that it is in the sense in which
it is generally understood, a deficiency. It is the
practicef I believe, and has been for a long time,
to make appropriations with a view to the contin-
gent expenses which may accrue on account of
the sickness and necessary detention of members,
for boxes for members, and for other items which
I have before me, amongst which are large sums
now due. I will read the items and amounts, in
order that the committee may be informed of the
items for which this amendment has been pro-
posed. I will read it, that it may be opposed or
combated by others who know more of these mat-
ters than I do—though I have taken some pains
to be correctly and particularly informed upon the
subject.
The first item is for detention of members by
sickness, $3,000, a part of which is now due. It
has been the practice of the House, when any of
its members have been detained for two or three
weeks by sickness, the Sergeant-at-Arms or the
Speaker, whichever has the authority to do it,
pays their per diem up to the day they leave
W ashington. That has been the practice. I have
no time to explain how it is or wny it is that it is
so. I presume the fact is already known to the
House; if it is not I now communicate it, and if
it is wrong it should be corrected.
The following is the list communicated by the
] Clerk, viz:
Detension of members by sickness, (a part now
due)  $3,000 00
Funeral expenses of members  2,000 00
Boxes for members, (now being made)  2,00il 00
Ice for hall and offices    800 00
Expenses of witnesses before committees  1,000 09
Hauling documents to post office  500 00
Expenses of special committees  1,800 00
Advertising list of appropriations, (nowdue).... 2,500 00
AdverUng list of appropriations, (next session).. 2,500 00
Advertising proposals for stationery and coal... 600 00
Purchasing Directories for members, (nowdue). 500 00
Small items, (lor mats, brooms, matting, flags,
&c.)  1,000 00
Twine for folding-room, (a part now due)  1,500 00
Paste for folding-room  250 00
For miscellaneous items  5,000 00
Makrng in all ,f24,950 00
These boxes, I understand the Committee on
Accounts have decided it is within the province
of Congress to furnish. They are boxes for the
books of the members.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania inform me where he procured that state-
ment?
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 got it atthe Clerk's office.
Of course the Clerk asked for the appropriations,
and communicated his wish to the Committee on
Ways and Means; but as he could not get it be-
fore the House through the Committee on Ways
and Means, he* could not have taken a better
medium for it than myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. No, he could not have taken
a better medium than the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not mean to sajr that
I could present the case as eloquently or effectively
as other gentlemen; but I can present it as plainly.
Mr. STANLY. I have said nothing about the
manner in which the gentleman has presented, or
of what sort of a medium he is.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will suggest that I am
not a spiritual medium. 1 had no allusion to that
sort of medium.
Mr. STANLY. Then it seems that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is the medium and con-
fidential friend of the Clerk of the House, through
whom he makes his communications to this House.
Here is the Committee on Ways and Means to
whom this matter has been referred, and the chair-
man of that committee asks for an appropriation
of $6,000, or whatever the amount is. But the
Clerk gets his confidential medium to come here
and ask for an appropriation of more than $24,000
for items of incidental expense, among which are
expenses to be incurred hereafter, unknown and
indescribable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state that the sum of
$6,000 was fixed by the Committee on Ways and
Means as an amount they deemed sufficient. The
Clerk did not communicate that sum to them, but
they thought it a reasonable amount.
Mr. STANLY. Well, it is a strange way to
do business. This matter has been referred to
the Committee on Ways and Means, who have
investigated it, and report that they think $6,000 is
sufficient. Yet the Clerk of the House, through
his medium, comes here, and in the jumble and con-
fusion of this committee, asks for $24,000, without
being able to state any information of the reason
for asking this amount. That will not do, sir. I
think it is time to stop these medium communica-
tions. I think it is time to stop making these ap-
propriations without knowing what they are for.
Mr. FLORENCE I will tell you what they
are for, if you will give me an opportunity.
Mr. STANLY. I understood the gentleman
to say that there were items in the list he read,
that he did not know what they were for.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to interrupt him, to ask a single
question ?
Mr. STANLY. You can do that after I get
through.
My friend from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
a while ago remarked that I had intimated that I
was in favor of removals from office. Now, sir,
I made no such intimation. •
Mr. HOUSTON. 0,that was only jocularly
said.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman says it was
done jocularly. Well, then, let it go. I will
merely remark, that I have interfered oftener to
keep Democrats in office, within the last four years,
than I shall to get Whigs appointed for forty years
to come.
I do not approve of any such policy. I think
we had much better save the money than to apply
it as proposed for indexing. The honorable
! chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
remarked, that these whole expenditures for this
■ indexing, was nothing but an imposition upon the
House. Now, if this is the case, I call upon the
House to look into the matter and correct the
abuse. There is no reason why it should not be
done. There is a Democratic majority of fifty in
the House. The Democrats have the control of
all the committees of the House, and there is no
reason why they should not act in the matter.
Mr. Chairman, I call upon both the Democratic
and Whig members to say that these impositions
upon the House, as admitted by the honorable
chairman of the Ways and Means, shall be no
longer sustained.
But I hope the committee will not have any
further communications from the Clerk through
this medium. Before we vote him $24,000, his me-
dium must be able to tell us where it is going to.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman says this
is an imposition upon the House, and that the
Clerk has selected me as his medium to communi-
cate with the House.
Mr. STANLY. I quoted the gentleman's own
language. He referred to himself as a medium.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now what is the position
of this body with regard to this index matter?
The House provided for this index some years
ago, and, if my memory serves me right, when
there was a Whig majority here, and when there
was a Whig Speaker of the House.
Now, I have but a word to say of the appropri-
