THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32c Congress, 2b Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1853.
New Series....No. 26.
stton I luive asked for in this amendment. The
money cannot l>e expended unless it is needed.
Mr. STANLY. As to this matter of indexing
hem" originated hya Wilis; House, I will say the
Wh igs then had a man there for whom the place
was made—a man by the name of Young—who
u'.n, in my opinion, very improperly removed by
a Democratic Clerk. If that competent man had
been retained in office, the work would have been
completed; but he has been removed, and his place
been filled by green hands, who know nothing of
the work, and it progresses slowly.
The question ,ivas then taken upon Mr. Flor-
ence's amendment to make the appropriation
$24,950, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I move to increase the appro-
priation contained in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania one dollar, so that the
clause will read:
For miscellaneous items, $*24,951.
From what has been said by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] I conclude that
the Committee on Ways and Means did not take
into consideration these various items. That com-
mittee at first made the appropriation $3,000, and
now have raised it to $6,000, instead of §24,000,
that being the sum asked for by the Clerk. In
looking over these estimates, it seems to me that
they have been made out from amounts which
have been actually paid. Here is for detention of
members for sickness, §3,000. Now, it has long
been the custom of the House, when members are
detained upon the road by accident or sickness,
thev are to be paid their per diem. There is a
standing law of Congress to that effect. I take it
for granted that these estimates are for a deficiency
which has already occurred. We are continually
allowing claims of this kind.
I see another item of $2,000, for the funeral ex-
penses of members.
As I understand it, these expenses havealready
been incurred, and th« accounts allowed. Now,
Congress have allowed these various items by
laws and resolutions directing the Clerk to expend
these amounts. How can he pay them unless
you appropriate the money ? If the money is not '
appropriated, the Clerk cannot expend it. Ia it
reasonable that you should authorize and direct
him to incur this expense, and then refuse to
furnish the money to pay them ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky one question. Does the gentle- '
man say that there have been no expenses of this
kind paid durii^ the current year?
Mr. MASON. 1 understand this item is to sup-
ply a deficiency which has already occurred.
Mr. HOUSTON. But does the gentleman say
that none of these contingent expenses have been
paid during the current year ?
Mr. MASON. No, sir; I understand they have
been paid to a certain extent.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like toask oneques-
tion. Does the gentleman from Kentucky assert,
as chairman of the Committee on Accounts, that
the amounts specified in the estimates presented
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Flor-
Ever] are now due?—thatthey have actually been I
incurred?
Mr. MASON. They are the estimates of the
Clerk, as nacessary to defray the deficiencies for i
the current year. |
Mr. DUNHAM. But are they deficiencies ,
which have already occurred, or those which he
supposes may occur ?
Mr. FLORENCE. A portion of them are now
due, and the rest are anticipated.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask a question, for I rely very
-much upon what he says in relation to this matter,
and shall vote in accordance with what he says ?
Will he tell me how much this index of private
claims is likely to cost, and what it will cost to
print it if it is once made out?
Mr. MASON. That is a different subject. The
.gentleman knows that I made an ineffectual at-
tempt at the last session to put a stop to that source j
26
of expenditure. A gentleman rose in his seat
and offered a resolution to increase these clerks,
and directing the Clerk to employ more and to
continue them on, and it passed through the House
almost by acclamation. Now, sir, I have con-
demned the whole thing, and 1 have been charged
by my Democratic friends on this side of the
House with going to the other side to try to get
support there to a proposition to stop it. 1 found,
when I went to that side of the House, that, as
they candidly told me, they were stuck, for they
started the thing, and they are so recorded on the
Journal. It was a marvelously proper thing, and
they put in this Mr. Young, a single individual,
to finish the job. Subsequently the Democrats
got anxious to have the index finished, and they
added fifteen or twenty more clerks, [laughter,]
and as I told the House last session, these clerks
had no desk or bureau to make out their monthly
accounts at. Many of these clerks have been at
work. For all these things the House is respons-
ible. The people send members from the different
districts, and if they choose to squander the pub-
lic money in this way I cannot stop it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STUART?. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I want him to go on and oc-
cupy my five minutes, and explain this matter to
the House. If this is a contingency we ought to
pass it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Michigan, I wish to
ask the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason]
a question.
Mr. STUART. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will not be interrupted. I should like
to hear him go on with his connected statement.
We may learn some facts, and if this is a deficien-
cy we ought to pass it. *
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, if these extra clerks—these
map men, and these index clerks—do not occupy
a place fixed up down below, to which to appoint
men who are turned out at the other end of the
avenue; and whether, when they were turned out
there, they were Dot provided for here.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will permit me, I want to say one word. I
just want to call the attention of this committee to
the fact that the proposition 1 made has nothing at
all to do with the index clerks, and I do not stand
up here to defend their employment or continu-
ance. I do not care about it at all, and I want
that perfectly and plainly understood. I have of-
fered my amendment in good faith, because I be-
lieve it to be necessary, and I desire that the dis-
cussion may be confined to the amendment, and
no one better understands it than the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order. I want to hear from the
gentleman from Kentucky how much of this item
has been passed upon by the Committee on Ways
and Means, and how much the House ought to
appropriate.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, as I before remarked,
a gentleman known for his economy, and noted
! for it every where, offers a resolution to increase
the number of these clerks. I was myself per-
fectly astounded, for at the same time the [com-
mittee were engaged in turning them out.
As to the men engaged upon the land maps,
after the maps were finished, they, by some au-
thority or other, were continued, ana additional
duties were created for them, and I believe they
are on duty yet. The Committee on Accounts
were unanimously of opinion that they should be
discharged. But they were besieged and pressed
upon in one way or another, and finally gave
way, and I was found in the minority of the
committee myself.
Now, in regard to the expenses of which the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] in-
quires, I understand that this is the estimate of
the Clerk of this House, for the deficiencies for
the various purposes enumerated therein—one for
payingimembers detained by sickness on the road
or at home, which they are entitled to by law;
and one for the funeral expenses of members. I
understand there is a deficiency of $24,000 for the
various items named in that bill, which the chair--
man of the Committee on Ways and Means has
lumped at $3,000, instead of $24,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I intended, in connection
with the amendment I proposed, to offer upon my
own responsibility, and not under direction of tfye
Committee on Ways and Means, amendments
covering one or two heads of the appropriation
contained in this estimate. I intended,for instance,
to ask the House to insert an amendment covering
the item of boxes. I have already sent up an
amendment covering th* expense of contesting th,e
seats of members.
Mr. MASON. The funeral expenses of mem-
bers, which vary in arnount from $1,000 to $10,000,
and $15,000, are paid out of the contingent fund
of the H ouse.
The various items of the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
are mere estimates made out by the Clerk from
deficiencies now beforehim, and which he has nqt
funds in his hands to meet.
The fact is, these index clerks have been selling
their pay for months past, and discounting it, as
I understand it, with Mr. Corcoran. They also .
sell them to other men at a small discount. They
have been obliged to sell their accounts during the
session, there being a total deficiency of funds with
which to pay any part of their salaries.
The gentleman asks how there came to be any
deficiency? I understand it was in this way; The
Committee on Ways and Means last year con-
tended that the extra compensation to clerks and
messengers was not right, and that it was not right
to expect that the House of Representatives woufd
pay twenty or thirty thousand dollars extra to thp
clerks, pages, and messengers. They therefore
put in the appropriation bill the miscellaneous
items, which the Clerk has consumed in paying
this extra compensation ordered by the House.
That left the deficiency in the item for paying the
index clerks. They preferred getting,$250 extrp.
compensation in a lump, and agree to wait for their
! regular salaries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question then recurring on the.amendment
offered by Mr. Mason to the amendment proposed
by Mr. Houston, it was put, and it was agreed
. to.
j The question then recurring upon the-amend-
ment of Mr. Houston as amended, it was put,
. and the amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. HAVEN.* I send to the Clerk's table somp
i amendments I desire to offer to the bill.
The amendments were read, as follows:
For paper used, and to be used for priming,for the Sen-
ate, for the first session of the Thirty-second Congrem,
$13,234 40.
For paper used, and to be used for printing for the House
of Representatives, for the first session of the Thirty-sec-
ond Congress, $16,411 50.
For paper for the printing for the two Houses of Congress,
for the second session of the Thirty-second Congress, being
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853, $t04,064.
For compensation to the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, and the two clerks and messenger in his office,
#4,376 33.
For blwrtc books, advertising for proposals for paper,
postage, 1(c., $1,550.
.Mr. HAVEN. This is a very considerably
; item, and I have no desire that the committee
I should pass upon it without knowing what it is.
The amendment is framed upon an estimate of
the Superintendent of Printing for the paper that
has been used and is to be used during this ses-
sion of Congress, and up to the last of June, under
the act passed last year in reference to the public
II printing.
11 The committee will remember that that act took
] away from the public printer, under the contract
system, not only the printing, but also the pur-
chase of paper, which the public printer was com-
pelled by law, as it then stood, to furnish.
Now, in reference to the printing itself, the sec-
i ond section of the act passed last year, authorized
i the Superintendent ofPrinting tojaei^e-hyreertifi-
