1H53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
403
mraettdmMMa of the House of Representatives, re-
ported thereon. ...
Tue Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the said
bill, ami concurred therein.
PROSECUTION OT SUITS BT HEIRS OF DE-
CEASED PARTIES.
Mr. BADGER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which was referred the
bill to " authorize the heirs of a deceased party to
a suit to prosecute the suit," to report the bill
tack, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute. U is a matter of some importance, and
one which I apprehend will lead to no division of
opinio* in the Senate. I should therefore be glad
it" the Senate would now proceed to consider it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bili. It proposes to enact, that in all real and
mixed actions which are or may be pending in
any court of the United States, if the demandant
shall die before final judgment, his heirs or de-
visees may, at the same term of the court when
the death is sus^ested, or within such time as the
court shall allow, appear to prosecute the suit in
the same manner as if it had orginally been com-
menced by him or them.
The committee propose to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause, and insert the fol-
lowing:
" Th*l the provisionsoTsection thirty-one of th* act passed
in the vear I7S9. entitled 'An act tn establish the judicial
courtsoY the Toiled Stat«s,'«ball hereafter eitend to nil real
and mixed action* pending m aay court o! the I'irited Stttes,
«ad the heir or httra wf the party thereto dying before the
final judgment, shall have the same r\;hts and be subject to
die like duties as the eseeatoror administrator in the cases
therein provided for."
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say a few words,
simply in explanation of the bill, and I think the
Senate will then perceive that there can be no ob-
jection to it. Under the thirty-first section of the
judiciary act, provision is made bylaw for reviving
personal actions in behalf of the executor or admin-
istrator of a deceased plaintiff, and against an exec-
utor or administrator of a deceased defendant; but
there is no provision made in the case of real actions
to revive prosecution at the instance of the heirs of
a deceased demandant, or against the heirs of a de-
ceased defendant; and the object of this bill is to
extend the provision now made bylaw in relation
to personal actions to real and mixed actions.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported t<2 the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed; and on motion by Mr. BadgCr,its title
■was amended so as to read: " A bill to extend to
real and mixed actioris the provisions of the thirty-
first section of the judiciary act."
EXTENSION OF THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. BUTLER. A resolution was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, directing them to
inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the appointment of an associate judge of the
Supreme Court of the United States for a new
circuit, to be composed of the State of California
and the Territory of Oregon, and that committee
have instructed me to ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the. subject. We
make this request, not because we do not feel in-
clined—for, in fact, I might be entirely willing to
do so—to report such a biH; but I am instructed
to say that the whole subject of the reorganization
of the Federal courts is now before the committee,
and not having time to mature such a system, or
prepare such a bill at this session as we think
ought to be framed to come up to the demands of
the country, I am instructed to ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the sub-
ject until the next session.
Mr. GWIN. I am very sorry that the com-
mittee has not deemed it proper to mature that bill.
It is a subject of the greatest possible importance
to my constituents, because we have but one judge
of the United States now in California. He is
occupied constantly, and in the event of his death,
justice would be entirely suspended there so far as
the United States courts are concerned. I regret
very much that, notwithstanding the vigilance <>f
that committee, and its great energy in regard to
the judiciary, it has not found time to act on the
subject. .
Mr. BUTLER. I assure the honorable Sen-
! a tor from California that we had every inclination,
both on his account and on account of his State,
1 to act upon the subject, and report such a bill.
But there are many other States in the same con-
dition; and when we reorganize the system—for
the necessities of the country compel us to do so,
otherwise it will be an impracticable ons—and
when we take the whole subject into considera-
tion, 1 can assure the honorable Senator that, in
my opinion, he will have a judge for his State.
The motion to discharge the committee was
•greed to.
FES BILL.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which was re-
ferred the bill from the House of Representa-
tives " to regulate the fees and costs to beallowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, and for
other purposes," to report the same with sundry
amendments. The amendments are not of such
a character as materially to change the character
of the bill; and I shall not, therefore, ask that they
be printed, but I give notice that I shall insist on
an early consideration of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the amendments will be
printed, so that we can have them before us, and
know what they are.
Several Senators. Let them be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I move thai the
amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CASE OF THE BRIG KATE BOYD.
Mr, DAVIS. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce to report a joint resolution " for
the relief of the owners of the brig Kate Boyd,"
and I ask that it may be considered at this time.
The resolution was read a first and second time,
by unanimous consent, and the Senate proceeded
to consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to refer to the Secretary of State and
Attorney General, for adjustment, the petition and
papers of the owners of the brig Kate Boyd,
i formerly owned chiefly by Grjgorson and Sum-
| ner, of Boston, praying for indemnity for losses
sustained in consequence of her seizure at New
York by the district attorney, under authority |
from the President; and that the Secretary of the
Treasury cause to be paid whatever allowance
may be made by those officers.
i Mr. DAVIS. If any explanation is desired, I
| will make it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
BANKING IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. FISH. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce at this time, previous no-
1 tiee not having been given, a bill " to authorize the
« business ofoanking in the District of Columbia,
1 and to regulate the issuing and circulation of notes
' as money." I introduced at the last session a
bill of a similar title, and for the same general
purpose, but I have found it expedient to make
several alterations in it, and therefore, if there be
no objection, I desire now to introduce this bill.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
UNITED STATES MINTS.
Mr. GWIN, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill for the better regu-
lation of the Mints, and to secure the conformity
of coins to their respective standards; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the bill wal ordered
to be printed.
I LAWS OF THE UNITED 8TATE8.
' Mr. C H ASE submitted the following resolution;
1 which was considered by unanimous consent, and
| agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be in-
! structed to inquire into the expediency x>f subscribing for
one thossand copies of Eli 8. Tappan's edition of the Laws
of the United States now in force.
| LUCIE ANN GARNER.
' Mr. ADAMS. I ask the unanimous consent
I of the Senate to allow me to refer to the Commit-
i tee on Pensions, the petition and papers in the case
of the aDDlication of Lucie Ann Gftrncr for & pfin* ,   ---  j
i «on, now on the files of the Senate. An adverse ; consideration of the homestead
report was made at the last session, in consequence
of the committee deeming it impolitic to extend
the pension privileges. Sinoe that time a number
of pensions have been granted upon grounds very
similar, I think, to those contained in this applica-
tion, and therefore as a precedent has been set. I
-ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to refer
the papers to that committee.
Tnere being no objection, the motion was agreed
to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MANGUM. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the first special order,
being the unfinished business of yesterday, " the
•joint resolution declaratory of the views of the
| • United States respecting the colonization of the
j« North American continent by European Powers,
; 'and respecting the Island of Cuba."
Mr. GWIN. Does that supersede the Pacific
railroad bill
The PRESIDENT. It is the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, and therefore is the first special
order.  
Mr. GWIN. I cannot agree to give way day
after day. I conceive it to be my duty to insist on
the Pacific railroad bill being taken up. I know
the anxiety which gentlemen have to discuss thiH
other question, ana I know it is important; but I
should look upon myself as not fiilfilling my duty,
if I did not insist upoif the discussion going on
upon the Pacific railroad bill. It was understood,
a few days ago, that it was to be kept before the
Senate for discussion, while the Select Committee
' which was appointed upon another similar bill
'I should be engaged in their duties, and the object
!', was, that that committee might avail themselves of
| the discussions of the Senate in maturing a proper
|j bill. If we have no discussion here, how can the
11 committee be prepared to report a measure? I
hope that the Dill to which I allude will not be
longer postponed.
Mr. MANGUM. I perfectly concur with the
honorable Senator from California, that the bill to
which he refers is a great deal more important
than this joint resolution; but both aides ought to
be heard before the country upon the latter, and I
think that if it be taken up there will be no dis-
cussion upon it after an hour or two, certainly
none during the rest of this week. Then I shall
go with the Senator for taking up his bill at any
and all times; but I hope the Senate will proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business,
and allow both sides to be heard.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that the unfinished business takes
precedence over all other special orders.'
The PRESIDENT. That is certainly the opin-
ion of the Chair, and the language of the rule; but
the morning hour has not yet expired, and there-
fore the motion is in order without raising that
question.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact, that this day was set
apart for the consideration of the homestead bill. I
do not know exactly what the unfinished business
is, for I was not in the Senate yesterday at the time
of adjournment; but I wish to make a proposition
to my friend from North Carolina for a compro-
mise in regard to this matter, for he and I are both
good compromise men. I am one of the last who
would interpose any objection to any Senator who
wishes to do so, and who is prepared, addressing
the Senate, and I would extend every possible
courtesy to the Senator from New York, or any
other gentleman; but I wish to ask it as a favor of
the Senate that they will proceed to the consider-
ation of the homestead bill. At least let us take it
up, and let Senators who are to address the Senate
for or against it, indicate some time at which they •
will be ready to do so, and allow me to lay before
the Senate informally some amendments which
have been suggested by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. It will take me but a few
minutes to do so, and then I will agree to lay the
bill over to any time which may be suggested by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, and the
honorable Senator from Tennessee—the former of
whom wishes to speak in opposition to it, and the
latter in its favor.
Mr. MANGUM. I am willing to accede to the
wish of the honorable Senator, and withdraw my
motion, that he may mention his own time forth#
- ■ ■ ' bill.
