404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I will let the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky indicate that, as soon
the Senate takes it up.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill from the House of Representatives " to en-
• courage agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
'and all other branches of industry, by granting
' to every man, who is the head of a family, and
' a citizen of the United States, a homestead of
'one hundred and sixty acres of land, out of the
' public domain, upon condition of occupancy and
1 cultivation of the same for the period herein
' specified."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hold in my hand
several amendments, which have been suggested
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
I ask that they may be received informally, and
ordered to be printed. I also move that the usual
number of the bill, with these amendments, be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to move now the
postponement of the bill till Tuesday or Wednes-
day next. I will leave it to my friend from Iowa
to fix the precise day.
Mr. GWIN. Suppose we say to-morrow week.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. As I understand my
friend from California to be a friend to this bill,
and as ready to struggle and do battle for it as I
am, I am willing to agree to his suggestion.
Mr. GWIN. I suggested to-morrow week, be-
cause I wish by that time to have the Pacific
railroad bill out of the way, and when that shall
be done, I will help the Senator with all the power
I can.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill till Thursday week was agreed to.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM, the Senate re-
turned, as in Committee Of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the joint resolution declaratory of the
views of the United States respecting colonization
on the North American continent by European
Powers, and respecting the Island of Cuba.
Mr. SEWARD rose and addressed the Senate
at length, in the course of his remarks vindicating
the memory of John Q.uincy Adams from asper-
sions cast upon it by the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass.1
Mr. CASS replied, defending the comments
made by him in 1850, on the diary of Mr. Adams.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
Mallory, Gwjk, Hale, Seward, Mason, Un-
derwood, Shields, Butler, Davis, . Dawson,
Mangcm, and others, (for which see Appendix;)
•and, without any question being taken,' the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 26, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the question of rejection of the bill to establish
a branch of the Mint of the United States in the
city of New York, on which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to have taken
from the table and referred, two bills of very great
importance to several towns in the State of Louis-
iana. One is, No. 575, to confirm certain /and
claims in the Bastrop grant; and the other is to
give a preemption right to Settlers on other large
grants of a like nature.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no objection if the time
they occupy be not taken out of the morning? hour
Mr. STUART. I object if the time be not de-
ducted from the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair understands
the proposition of the gentleman is objected to.
Mr. Brooks then concluded his speech com-
menced yesterday. His remarks on both occa-
sions follow:
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that I have ever
before risen to address this House, or any public
body, with a profound sense of mortification such
Ws I feel on rising now. What is the spectacle here
presented ? Two -great and powerful Common-
wealths of this Union appear before the two Houses
of Congress, struggling for what? For any great
object of national renown ? For anything which is
calculated to add to their own fame, and to their
common glory? No. I regret to say no; but for
what is at the best a mere manufactory, an humble
blacksmith's shop, and two Representatives from
two great cities throwing away the ancient stylus
in which both were trained in other schools, ap-
pear herewith trenchant blades as gladiators upon
the arena of this House, apparently for the public
amasement of lookers-on. When I say to the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Chandler,] who manifests so much repugnance
to this bill, that the Mint is nothing but a mere
ornament to Philadelphia, nothing in comparison
with the iron and coal for which Pennsylvania is 1
so renowned—and for which we all pay so much
tribute to her—when I say that it is nothing to her
but a bauble, I must add that it is yet more than a
bauble to us, for coinage is to the seat of commerce
and exchanges the very tools of their trade, as
indispensable to them as the ax to the shipwright,
or the hammer to the carpenter. However this
may be, the subject is not worth the excitement.
It is not worth the bad feeling which it generates
between the two great cities, and the two great
Commonwealths in which they are.
" Non nodus dignus vindice."
Nevertheless, the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, without any consideration for the
committee whence this bill came,—without any re-
spect for the courtesies and customs of this House,
at the earliest moment interposed himself between
me and you, Mr. Speaker, and by some parlia-
mentary legerdemain, the like of which 1 have
never known in the Halls of Congress, or during
many years' observation without, he contrived to
oust me from the floor, and to stand himself on.
Sir, I have beard much of spiritual rappers and
spiritual rappings, of tables, too, moving under
spiritual impulses—as to all of which I have been
incredulous; but to this I must bear testimony now,
tliat the honorable gentleman, by some hocus pocus,
spirited me off the floor, and spirited himself on.
I found myself of a sudden, he being the medi-
um, lifted off from my position here, and the me-
dium standing in my place. By this process, sir,
he thoroughly succeeded, for the time, in disarm-
ing my batteries, and in opening upon my bill his
own. I should be more than mortal if I did not
entertain some feeling because of Such an extraor-
dinary operation upon myself.
The animus of the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania in making this motion, should be
fully comprehended by the House. He supposed
that by taking the floor from me, within the mom-
I ing hour, he would be able to throw this bill upon
i the Speaker's table; and when any bill is thrown
upon your table, sir, we all know it is almost
hopeless to attempt to rescue it from the mass of
rubbish that surround you. The only wonder is,
that even your comely form and well-developed
j proportions, enable you to rescue yourself from
i the bills upon your table; and if the bills continue
to accumulate there much longer, even that may be
impossible, and you may consider yourself as lost
Sir, no motion is more extraordinary, upon the
j introduction of a bill, than this proposition to re-
ject without a reading. It seldom or ever is made ]
by any member—certainly not upon any bill in- ;
troduced from a committee which occupies such a
high position in this House as the Ways and
Means Committee necessarily does, from the great
interests intrusted to its care. And yet the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania made use of this propo-
sition, seldom or ever used within the walls of
this Hojise, even to prevent this bill from being
introduced—from being read—from being consid-
i ered at all. Sir, the like of the thing, in a similar
case, was never known before. He could not
have offered to do more, if, instead of being an
organ of a distinguished committee of this House,
I myself had been some Shakspearian Sycorax,
littering the House with some
"Freckled whelp, hag-born"
Caliban—
"That poisonous slave, got by the Devil himself."
The arguments of the honorable gentleman from (
Pennsylvania were characteristic of his modus
operandi. It is difficult—it is impossible to answer J
that species of argument, if it may be dignified by
that name, which he introduced to the notice of
the Hotfie. The whole of his address, I must be
pardoned for saying, was one of those pointless
declamations, one of those aerial nothings, which
the more you attempt to grasp, the more it be-
comes impossible, because you cannot wrestle
with the air. The sum and substanceof it, how-
ever, was a denunciation of the city which 1 have
the honor in part to represent. The sum and
substance an attempt to create prejudice in this
House, and to appeal to the passions of members
here, in order to excite them against the city which
I in part represent, if possible, thus to save this
bauble of a Mint for the city whence he comes.
His address divided itself into two parts—rhetor-
ical and logical. The rhetoric I propose first to
answer, and then what is called .logic, I shall
proceed in order to consider. Sir, this rhetoric,
it is difficult properly to describe; but what was
it else than a general denunciation of the city of
' New York? The honorable gentleman spoke of
that city as an eleemosynary, demanding eleemos-
ynary dollars from the two Houses of Congress.
He spoke of its " rapacity"—its " longing rapa-
city. He denounced it as a city, constantly
uttering here the horse-leech cry of "Give! give!
give!" He ended his paragraph with a general
denunciation of the " British bankers and brokers"
concentrated there; and to give effect to, and to
season the whole, he made a general charge, as I
understood him, of intended bribery outside of this
House to influence the members within. What
peculiar propensity of the nostrils of those brib-
ing gentlemen led them to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to give him this information, I leave
him to settle with them. No such gentlemen
ever approached me, or gave me such information,
and 
Mr. CHANDLER, (asking for the right to the
floor.) One word. I did not say they approached
me, but I wish to read an article from a New
York paper 
Mr. BROOKS. The honorablegentleman must
expect no courtesy from me, because he took the
floor from me the other morning to reject my
bill, without a hearing, without a reading even.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask no courtesy. I
merely want to read an article from a New York
paper.
i Mr. BROOKS. I decline to yield the floor.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, by
an extraordinary parliamentary motion, took the
floor from me when I was about to address the
j House, and I owe him no courtesy which requires
, me to give him an opportunity to interpolate a
speech within my own. It is a bad practice at
best, and although one which 1 often yield to, I
decline todo itupon the present occasion. Sir, this
sort of rhetoric by which the honorable gentleman
attempted to prejudice this House against my con-
stituents, it is difficult to speak of within the
bounds of parliamentary decorum, or to describe
in language proper to be used within the walls of
this House. I know not what to say of it. I
j know not what proper reply to make. I will,
I therefore, only say that it was ill-fitted for the mar-
ble pillars and Corinthian columns of this Capitol,
I but far better fitted for the purlieus of'Newgate,
Cripplegate, or Billingsgate, than here.
The logic of the gentleman was necessarily in
sympathy with such rhetoric as this; and it is
almost equally difficult to grasp it, and quite as
difficult to answer it. The argument of most
weight which he brought forward, was thealleged
competency of the Philadelphia Mint to do all
the work that is offered it. Now, I do not deny
the competency of any Mint to do any amount of
work, if you will give it money enough to expend.
Let the Congress of the United States annually
appropriate money enough for a Mint, though it
be on the Green Mountains, or the Sierra Nevada,
or Mount Washington, in New Hampshire, it
will have ample competency to coin all the money
which may be deposited there. Competency may
be acquired despite location and convenience by
a sufficient outlay of expense. But I deny that
there is this competency in the Mint at Philadel-
phia to coin the gold that is now coming from Cal-
ifornia—to coin it fairly, without resort to tricks,
or to extraordinary expenditures at depositors'
expense. Under a demand for a branch Mint in
New York, we have been at times able to spur the
Philadelphia Mint into activity, but that activity
has been obtained at such sacrifices as our depos-
itors could ill afford to make.  
About two years ago, when this demand was
