1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
the loti Jest tor & Mint at New York, the Philadel- :
ph.* m order to facilitate the coinage, and
to w<ju:.v s reputation for efficiency, resorted to
tue extraordinary process of throwing; away a
large portion of the silver that is in Californiagold.
Tiie sold, the House is aware, contains eight y-
nii* per cent, of gold, and eleven per cent, of sil-
ver—timt is to say, one ounce of California gold
has in it eighty-nine parts of gold, and eleven of
silver—worth, at $1 29 per ounce, fourteen cents.
The Mint charge for parting this is five cents;
but from November 14th, 1850, to April 1st, 1851,
onder tlie whip and spur for a New York Mint,
five eleventh* of this silver was left unextracted,
(  hat   as worth six cents,) and thus, of the four-
teen cents' worth of silver deposited in an ounce of
gold, the depositor received back only three cents.
To acqtttre a reputation for quick work, the silver
of the depositor was left in the gold, and yet he
was charged five cents for parting it! W iihin
the time I have named, the cost to the depositors
for alloy was $43,759 84 in silver, four fifths of
which—viz: $34,207 87—might and should have
Keen saved. These facts, with accompanying
ta'-les, can be found in the letters of Professor R. S.
McCulloh, of Princeton College, to the Secretary
of the Treasury, which have been laid upon our
tables, and confessed, too, of late by the reply of
the Director of the Mint to a call made in the other
branch of Congress, by a Senator from California,
[Mr. Gjvis]. There can be no mistake in the
facts, for they are thus, not only stated by the
well-qualified and distinguished Professor whom I
have named, but they are not denied by the Mint
itself. To enable the Mint to acquire even what
reputation it has for competency, such is only one
of the sacrifices depositors have been called upon
to make.
[Here the morning hour expired, and debate
went over till the next day.]
Jawuary 26, 1853. *
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, when the morn-
ing hour was about expiring on yesterday, I was
addressing the House on the subject of the com-
petency of the Mint at Philadelphia. I was de-
nying the competency of that Mint for a proper
discharge of the coinage duty, and alleging that,
whatever competency it had, was obtained by
large sacrifices on the part of public depositors,
or by large investments of the bullion fund on the
part of the United States. Among the sacrifices ;
made by the depositors, I was alleging that the J
eleven parts of silver deposited by the Californian j
holder of gold in one hundred pounds or one hun- j
dred ounces, had nearly all been made use of by
the Mint in Philadelphia for its own purpose, or '
the purpose of its contingent fund. The subject,
Mr. Speaker, is so difficult to be understood by
mere oral explanation here, that I forbear to enter
into its discussion any further now, and on that
point content myself with referring to the public
documents that 1 yesterday named.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to another branch of
complaint, in order to show at what cost to the
public the reputation of the Philadelphia Mint for
efficiency is won. The Mint makes no return of
these eleven parts of silver in California gold to
the depositor, whatsoever. When a depositor
takes to the Philadelphia Mint an trtince of gold,
that is eighty-nine parts gold and eleven parts of
silver, the Mint is bound to make a return of these
eleven parts " in kind," but it does no such thing.
In order to obtain the premium on silver, or for
« ime other purpose, it returns this silver deposit
in gold, not "in kind." Whatever maybe the
profit, whether four or six percent, premium, that j
profit is made by the Philadelphia Mint, appro- ;
priated to itself at the depositor's cost. Now, sir,
the three cent pieees, in the main, coined out of the
saver thus deposited in that Mint, and appropri-
ated by the Mint in the way I have named, are
worth only two cents and a half in silver; and if
they were a legal tender, and there was enough
of them, the whole debt of the United States would
be paid in them. The coin is a vile one in its
composition, for so heavily adulterated is it with
alloy, that from very little use it becomes almost
as dark as its alloy.
From the profit of these three-cent pieces, ob-
tained from the silver of depositors in California
gold, the premium on which is confiscated by the
Mint, that Mint has realized a fund of $93,317
the past year, for, from 1852 to 1853, ii reports
having coined 18,663,500 of these pieces, the
profit on which is $93,317. All this profit the
Mint has appropriated to itself, to its own con-
tingent fund, without the authority of any special
act of Congress certainly, and without the au-
thority of any law that 1 can find. The Mint
has given out (see an article in the Philadelphia
Ledger) that it will coin thirty millions of these
three cent pieces the present year, the profits on
which will be $150,000. A Mint thus supporting
itself out of its depositors easily wins a reputation
for efficiency by blinding the public to its expense.
Another means of winning a character for effi-
ciency, which the Philadelphia Mint resorts to, is
the sequestration of the silver of small depositors.
Unless there be silver to the amount of five dol-
lars, the Mint makes no return whatever to the
depositor. Hence, if an humble depositor takes
there sixty-two ounces of gold, whatever silver
there is in that deposit, being less than five dol-
lars, it is appropriated by the Mint for its own
purposes, while the silver in the large amounts of
large depositors, except the cost of parting, and
about one per cent, left in as alloy, is allowed.
The returned Californian, the man of the mines,
is stripped of his little deposit of silver, while the
big bullion broker is accounted with to the utmost
extent. The sums thus sequestrated from hum-
ble depositors, though small in details, are large
in aggregates, and these aggregates the Mint turns
over to its contingent fund, and thus again enables
its representative here to boast of its sufficiency,
its competency, at the expense of*the general in-
terest of the country. The silver sequestered from
March 30, 1850, to June 30, 1851, according to
an account I have before me, was over sixty-six
thousand ounces—in value, $76,875—all appro-
priated to itself by the Mint, without coming to
Congress for any special act.
In addition to these profits, sir, there are the
grains and sweepings of the deposit meltings,
which, from February 22,1850, to June 30,1851,
were, according to a Mint memorandum before
me, $46,750; another large sum that the Philadel-
phia Mint also takes to its contingent fund, and
thereby increases its efficiency.
Now, these are facts which ought long-ago to
have attracted the attention of this House, and
knowing which we ought to have held the Mint
to stricter accountability. Undoubtedly they
would have attracted our attention, if coinage was
not a species of occult science, to which but very
few are willing to bend their minds. Members,
amid the more tempting and exciting debates about
them, are unwilling to look into complicated Mint
accounts or Mint calculations; and hence the Mint
has had exemption from investigation, and an im-
punity for all its assumptions of power, because it
stands almost alone in studying the duties, the
laws, the chemical and practical principles on which
it acts. The art of the alchemist is almost as in-
comprehensible to the great body of ua laymen,
as that of the conjurer or the necromancer, and
we are almost as much bewildered in its laborato-
ries, as in the labyrinths they weave to confuse us.
! I pass now, Mr. Speaker, to another species of
charges against the mother Mint, of a more prac-
tical character,and more easily understood. They
are charges, not now to be made by me for the
first time, but they have been made heretofore in the
other branch of this Congress, by a Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwin.] 1 am justified in reit-
erating them by the whole tenor of the address of
the gentleman from Philadelphia, who would repre-
sent her people as spotless, and pure, and mine as
abandoned and corrupt. Sir, they are charges of
such a high nature, as to demand the closest scru-
tiny of the public, and to inspire it with doubt and
alarm, as to the very character and safety of the
Mint. It was alleged by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, the truth of which allegation has been con-
fessed by the Mint itself, in a recent report to the
Senate, that there has beenadebasement in the gold
coin issued from the branch Mint at New Orleans,
which is under the supervision of the mother Mint
at Philadelphia, and it is a debasement, as I under-
stand, of about one fifth of one per cent. No charge
can be more grave against the Mint of any coun-
try than that its coin is debased. What freedom
' from suspicion of want of chastity is to a woman,
freedom from suspicion even from debasement
should be to the coinage of the Mint.
Mr. FLORENCE. With the gentleman's per-
i mission 
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot afford to yield any of
my time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desired only that the
gentleman would give the name of any high offi-
cer of the Mint who has debased its coin.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman would take
the trouble to peruse the public documents, he
would have had that information without calling
on me for it.
Mr. FLORENCE. The House may not know
to whom the gentleman refers, though 1 should.
Mr. BROOKS. The allegation of the Senator
from California was in these words:
" I know and am prepared to show, that the coin of the
United States has been debased; and that the issue of gold
coined during one year in one of the Mints, amounting to
millions of dollars, was so much debased that it was under
serious consideration whether it should not be entirely
withdrawn from circulation."
The Senator has been spared the necessity of
proving his allegations, for the Mint has confessed
it in its recent report.
There are other allegations, sir, of a very grave
character, though not so grave as this of debase-
ment, which show that the mother Mint deserves
no such reputation as is demanded for it by the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania here.
In 1848, Randall Hutchinson, a clerk in the
Mint at Philadelphia, embezzled $23,000 from it;
$7,000 of which was recovered, but the remaining
$16,000 was lost to the public. He was found
guilty by a jury in Philadelphia, but was acquitted
by Judge Grier, the United States judge there,
not on the ground that he was not guilty, but on
the ground that there was no law reaching his
case. In 1848, the treasurer of the branch Mint
at New Orleans, which Mint is under the super-
vision of the mother Mint at Philadelphia, loaned
$100,000 to the Canal Bank of New Orleans; for
which he received as a favor $27,000. That fact
was brought to light in the report of a committee
of the Legislature of Louisiana, and it was con-
fessed and testified to by the cashier of that bank,
who was a party to the transaction.
I allege these facts, to impress Hpon the House
and country the importance of a reorganization of
the Mint—the importance of an investigation into
the facts connected with it, and to show the public
that it has no such efficiency, no such uprightness,
no such purity, as is claimed for it by the honor-
able member from Pennsylvania.
The examination of the annual estimates which
are upon our tables, will, upon mere cursory ex-
amination, go to establish many of the positions
I have taken, if members will take the trouble to
look at them- The Mint at Philadelphia annually
costs this country, in one form or another, three
quarters of a million of dollars, as I shall pro-
ceed to show; and yet it comes before Congress
asking only for an expenditure, from July 1,1853,
to July, 1854, the fiscal year, of $48,QOO._ One
hundred and ninety-nine thousand dollars it pro-
poses to appropriate for itself, in profit on copper,
profit on three-cent pieces, and what it calls "legal
deductions on bullion," (see estimates;) so that, to
use its words," only $48,000" are required as"ap-
priations," which, we are carefully told, is "very
small." The additional expenses—and what they
are who can tell from any documents in our pos-
session ?—are made up from the pickings, sweep-
ings, contrivances, and sequestrations, that I have
before described. None of these pickings, &c.,
go into the Treasury, as we require here in all
other Departments of the Government; but the
Mint uses them, and appropriates them to make
itself efficient, as claimed.
The Mint thus expends from what it gets from
depositors, and for which it accounts in the esti-
mates at nearly §200,000, and wanting $48,000
in appropriations more, being a quarter of a million
dollars per annum; but to make itself more efficient,
it yet has to come to the Federal Treasury, and
demand what is called a bullion fund of seven mil-
lion of dollars. If anybody indulges in the idea
that the identical gold deposited in the Mint is re-
turned in the coin returned, he much mistakes. As
soon as the Mint makes an assay of a deposit, it
resorts to theFederal Treasury to pay thedepositor
out of that, and hence these quick returns of which
the gentlemen have spoken. But what is the cost
to the country of keeping the Philadelphia Mint
thus efficient ? Let us hear the Secretary of the
Treasury. I quote from Mr. Corwin's last annual
report, 1853:
