400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
" I would aaain call the attention of Congress to the
sub] ct ol'inaknig Mint certificates rf ceivuble in all dues
to tiie Government ami dispensing with tile present bullion
fond which i* maintained at an annual expense ol from
«:«UHW to ;J400.i ( , u hieh might be saved 111 interest by
ttie application 01 th'.it fund to the redemption of the public
debt, besides the greit advantages to the business coinmu
mlv and the general trade of the country by throwing th«
amount of that fund into circulation, m-tead of keeping it
constantly as dead capital in the vaults of the. Mint.
" The amount of the bullion fund during the last year has
been nearly $7.111)0,000, and it nas been applied to the im-
mediate redemption of Mint certificates, so soon as the
dt posits of gold dust were assayed and their value ascer-
tained, which has generally been in from twenty-four to
forty-eight hours after such deposits were made, and the
bullion fund was then made good so soon as such assayed
gold could be worked into coin, to be again employed in the
redemption of other certificates."
The legal rate of interest in New York is seven
per cent., and seven per cent, on $7,000,000 is a
cost of $490,000 per annum—the cost to the coun-
try every year, to make the Philadelphia Mint
efficient. Better, sir, pa)'Philadelphia to yield up
her bauble at a million of dollars outright, than
be paying for it half a million per annum.
If the Mint was in New York, there would be
no need whatsoever of any such bullion fund.
The bullion fund would always be in the sub-
treasury of New York, under this bill to be the
treasury of the Mint, and the bullion fund there
would always be large enough to redeem the cer-
tificates; or if they were not, those certificates held
by men who could make use of them, would be
immediately available, as money on deposit in the
banks of New York, and hence there would be
no need of this bullion fund at all. But it has
been found impossible, notwithstanding all our
large expenditures, to maintain anything like an
efficient Mint in Philadelphia, and hence the Fed-
eral Treasury has kept constantly employed there
from $4,000,000 to §7,000,000 of the public mo-
ney; as extravagant and almost wasteful expend-
iture of the public money, when Congress and the
country are owing over $60,000,000, as it is possi-
ble for the imagination of man to conceive.
I call the attention of the House now to another
fact. The Mint last year coined $51,500,000,
$41,000,000 of which were in double eagles; but
of the quarter eagles, which are most desired by
the country, there were only coined 1,159,381
pieces. Why are the operations of the Mint di-
rected to double eagle pieces, made apparently for
exportation ? and why do they neglect the quarter
eagles, which are most desired by the country for
the purposes of circulation, and which are neces-
sary in order to retain an essential specie circula-
tion ? Why is this done ? Why are the whole
operations of the Mint directed to coin the double
eagles—the twenty dollar pieces—and the two-and-
a-half pieces neglected entirely? It is done in
order to impose upon the country the mockery of
efficiency, and to show that it can coin what is de-
posited there, though it is impossible to coin its
deposits in quarter eagles, such as are desired by
the great body of the people for circulation. If
the Mint at Philadelphia properly discharged its
duty, by coining quarter eagles and dollar pieces,
its whole efficiency would not be over #10,000,000
or 012,000,000 per year, instead of $51,500,000,
now claimed in the annual report in January last.
To make itself apparently efficient, it coins gold
for exportation, almost altogether neglecting its
duties to its country, to its home.
These are facts which challenge the investiga-
tion of every man; facts which cannot be got
over, got under, or got around; and they demon-
strate that the people are duped in believing in the
efficiency or the competency of the Mint. But to
maintain in Philadelphia this costly bauble of a
Mint, the people are annually paying, directly or
indirectly, three quarters of a million of dollars;
■while on the contrary if it were transferred to the
point where it is necessary for the interests of
commerce, half a million of dollars in a bullion
fund, and the whole expense of transportation to
and fro, insurance, commissions, guards, corre-
spondence, &c., &c., would be saved.
It is said, however,by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] that New York does
not want this Mint; that she only demands it at
the time of an election, or that as an election ap-
proaches hermembers grow warm,and make stir-
ring appeals to Buncombe There is some truth
in a portion of the allegations of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that there are large interests
in New York who do not want a Mint there.
First, there is the Camden and Amboy railroad,
which enjoys the price of the transportation of
$51,000,000 to and from Philadelphia, which,
according to the declaration of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania gives that railroad an income
of §25.000 per annum. And there is, next, the
large express companies, which also enjoy the
transportation of the bullion and coin to and from
Philadelphia, which naturally enough like to lay
the depositors under as heavy a tax as possible in
the transportation of these large sums of money.
In addition to this, there are large bullion bro-
kers from all quarters of the country, and espe-
cially the large bullion brokers in the city of New
York. I have been shown letters, written to mem-
bers of this House, from the city of New York,
declaring that no Mint whatsoever was necessary
there; and when the names of the writers of these
letters were shown me, I have invariably found
them to be connected either with the railroad or
express companies, or more generally with the
large bullion brokers of the city of New York. If
any gentleman, upon the arrival of a California
steamer, will go into Wall street, to the offices of
the bullion brokers, he will find large numbers of
emigrants going there and selling smaller sums of
bullion at a sacrifice of a dollar an ounce, because
these bullion brokers are the only men who in a
moment, as it were, can test the value of gold dust.
The humble depositor, or holder of gold from
California, never wishing to part with the gold he
has acquired in the mines or amid the sands, but
as he has coin handed him in immediate return,
anxious to hurfy home to his wife and children,
it may be to Illinois, Ohio, Maine, or elsewhere,
puts up with the sacrifice of a dollar an ounce
for his gold, rather than go to and return from
Philadelphia, and await there the assay of his
deposit. The profit of this is the profit of the
bullion broker, and hence the efficient and pow-
erful opposition of the bullion brokers of New
York to a Mint in New York, to which the gen-
tleman undoubtedly refers.
Then it is also said by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania that there is no necessity for
a Mint in New York. Why, two thirds of your
revenue is collected there, and collected in coin,
under the Sub-Treasury act; and wherever such
a revenue was thus collected, the irresistible con-
clusion would seem to be, there should be the
Mint. Again, nearly all the gold of Europe that
comes to this country comes there too; and of the
fifty millions and over coined in Philadelphia, all
passes through New York. If, as was admitted,
the cost of transportation to and fro was only
$25,000 per annum, the tax of $25,000 per an-
num upon the country to keep a bauble in Phil-
adelphia is an outrage at best. The real tax,
however, is about one fourth of one per cent., a
tax of $125,000 per annum. My authority for
this is statements of the Chamber of Commerce
of New York; but whatever be the tax, it is an
injury and an outrage to tax its bullion product,
only to enable Philadelphia to sport the bauble
of a Mint.
It is said again, when the California Mint is
established, it will do away all necessity for a
Mintin NewYork. The request fora Mint in New
York, sir, is no fresh request. It was made long
before an ounce of gold was brought from Cali-
fornia; and because there—and there almost
alone—first come the gold and coins of Europe,
and of the South American States. Mexico,
Peru, Chili, and Central America, have mines as
well as California. The thousands and tens of
thousands of immigrants are constantly bringing
to New York foreign gold. We are reduced in
the United States to almost the smallest possible
amount of silver coin. We have little or no im-
port of silver bullion; and one of the reasons is,
that so bulky an article will not, in the competi-
tion for it elsewhere, bear the additional expense
of coinage to and from New York and the Phila-
delphia Mint. New York, without a Mint, can-
not compete with Mints in other parts of the
world. I have not time, however, to enlarge
upon this subject, upon which I might address the
House to any length, but I proceed to another
branch of the subject; and that is, the declama-
tions which are constantly made against the cost
of the Mint in New York. It is whispered, nay,
even declared, such is the rapacity of New York,
that if you once begin to establish a Mint there,
it will plunder millions and millions from the pub-
lic Treasury.
I ask the attention of the House to the ninth
section of the bill, which prescribes that no steps
whatever shall be taken for the establishment of a
Mint until the lot is secured, until the contract is
made for the building and the machinery—the
whole expenditure of which shall rrot cost over
$250,000. I might say to the House, if you will
allow the Mint to be established in New York, the
pickings and sequestrations adopted in the Phila-
delphia Mint, and would confer on her the seign-
iorage proposed in Mr. Senator Hunter's silver
bill, she would not ask one single cent at ali in
the way of appropriations; but on the contrary,
I think, would give you, as a premium, a consid-
erable sum. This cry of extravagance is got up
altogether for effect, and it is a part and parcel of
that system so studiously prepared here to create
prejudice against us, and to do injustice tothecity
of New York. The honorable gentleman from
Philadelphia was pleased to insinuate that New-
York had been plundering the Treasury in large
appropriations time and again, and that she has
been constantly begging and rapping at the doors
of the Treasury fur further plunder, in the form
of sleam contracts, &.c.; and he added that this
California gold, and gold from other parts of the
world, have all been brought to New York by the
munificence of the Federal Government, and of
Government contracts owned in New York.
Ifthe gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] had observed the course of the Representa-
tives from New York in relation to the appropri-
ations for the Collins line of steamers, with the
usual vigilance which he gives to the business of
this House, he would have seen that no member
from the city of New York rose to address this
House to make anything like a speech on the be-
half of this line of steamers, and that the argu-
ments and general support of that measure came
from other parts of the United States. We hact
rival interests at home, and we respected them.
We had millions of dollars invested in packet-
ships, which this Collins line of steamers was cal-
culated to injure, if not to destroy, and we were
opposed to the principle of the thing. We did
not believe that it was right in the Federal Treas-
ury to build up one branch of commerce at the
expense of another. But owners of these lines
of packet-ships, although they were making large
sacrifices out of their own pockets of $25,000 to-
$50,000 per annum, asked and petitioned this
House to vote this appropriation. Although it
was against their interest, yet they asked this be-
cause it was a contest with Old England for the
mastery of the seas, and because it thus became
a great national measure, in which they were
called upon to make sacrifices for the common'
good. It was not the battle of sword and saber,
gun and bayonet, with Great Britain, but a battle
of the workshops and founderies, of the ship-
wrights and the trip-hammer, in which mechanism
and mechanics were fighting peaceably for the su-
periority. They were on the side of their coun-
try, and were willing to make the necessary sac-
rifice to sustain the honor of their country. Orr
that account I abandoned a principle which I
highly cherished. I voted for that measure, as I
would vote for a declaration of war against Great
Britain, no matter what the sacrifice or cost might
be, provided tfie honor or the highest interests of
my country were concerned in such declaration.
It was upon that principle that I voted, and that
my constituents from New York, who were con-
cerned in packet-ships, sent theirpetition here; and
so far from its being a cause of taunt to be alleged
against us, it is a matter reflecting the very highest
honor upon the large and small ship-owners of the
city of New York, that they were all willing to
make this sacrifice, and concentrate this large
amount of official patronage in the hands of one
line of steamers, for the honor and glory of our
common country,—but to their own personal detri-
ment and damage, if detriment or damage there
can be when one sacrifices to one's country the per-
sonal interest of the day and hour. Sir, our work-
shops, our foundries, have won for you, and kept
for you; under that appropriation, the mastery of
the seas; and the iron-fisted men of the foundries
and ship-yards have done as much for you as
Hull, or Decatur, or Bainbridge, if not more.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to ask the gentleman
a single question, the reply to which will govern
my vote.
Mr. BROOKS. I cannot yield to the gentle-
