1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40T
man. I regret that I have not time. The honor-
able sentleman from Pennsylvania says, also, that
the liuss of steamers to California have been ap-
propriated by New Yorkers. Sir, those lines of
steamers were not originally given to New York.
One of these contractors was A. G. Sloo, a resi- r
dent of Indiana, I believe, and never a citizen of
New York. The Second was Arnold B. Harris,
of the State of Tennessee. Those contractors
went all over the country, from New Orleans to
Maine, soliciting and begging capitalists and
others to take from them the contracts. Month
after month did they do this. New Orleans
declined, Charleton declined, Baltimore and Bos-
ton declined, Philadelphia did not accept, and at
last, with great reluctance and unwillingness, these
contracts were taken by New Yorkers,—Harris's
by Aspinwall &. Co., and Sloo's by Law, Rob-
erts & Co. ; and though taken by rich men, yet so
ruinous and destructive were those contracts con-
sidered to be, that, but for the unexpected discov-
ery of gold in California, the takers of those
contracts would have been ruined men, losing both
capital and credit in the country. By the fortu-
nate discovery of gold alone have they been able
to maintain tiieir positions among merchants, or
to make any money for themselves. Their credit
at one time was shaken from top to bottom, and
their contracts were hooted as worthless in the
streets. I state these facts, sir, to show that New
York is no eleemosynary beggar, no suppliant for
aims at your door, buta benefactor to the country
in risking at the time what other cities dare not
risk.
Sir, among five hundred thousand human beings
there must be many criminals, many who would
be guilty of plunder or of wrong; but amid all the
outcry raised against New York, nothing can be
justly said against the public spirit, the love of
country, the daring, and often self-sacrificing en-
terprise of New York. She may bear herself
sometimes too high, she may be too proud, she
may be reckless even in her plans and conceptions,
but*she is no beggar within these portals. For
every dollar ever voted her here, she has returned
you ten thousand fold. Sir, we came to this Con-
gress once and asked an appropriation to build a
railroad across the Isthmus of Panama—a project
for which, for three hundred years, all the na-
tions in Europe had been dreaming, but dreaming
in vain; but the two Houses of Congress refused
to give us any appropriation whatever. Sir, what
did we do? Did we decry this House and de-
claim against it? Did we give up? Did we de-
spair? No, sir! no! Our merchants and me-
chanics assembled in their counting-houses and
workshops, and what Columbus was in pursuit
of—a route to China—what Cortez had written of
with enthusiasm in his admirable letters to Charles
V.—what France and England and Spain had been
talking of for three hundred years, some five or |
six men in New York resolved upon undertak- >
ing, and the work, they said, shall be done, with- |
out the aid of a single copper from the Govern-
ment.
Sir, does a people like this deserve the imputa-
tions cast by the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
California" and Oregon were ours, but to be ours
only upon condition that we reach and connect
them by steam. My abused constituents under-
took this great work of the age, which had
filled all Europe with despair for three centuries,
and are achieving it, despite your indifference
and your frowns ; and do such a people merit
any one's abuse? We have entered Nicaragua,
too; connected San Juan with New York; es-
tablished steamers on the river San Juan, and |
on Lake Nicaragua, and thus created competing
lines with California. Our private enterprise,
without a cent of aid from you—nay, in despite
of you, for your mail contracts cripple private
enterprise to some extent—has thus linked the
Atlantic to the Pacific States; and yet, because we
ask for a Mint, and feel restiveunder a heavy tax
paid by us to enable Philadelphia to keep her
plaything of a Mint, the honorable member from
that city has seen fit to indulge himself as he has
in this debate.
Sir, the clock tells me to stop short here, just
as the subject for debate is unfolding itself to my
mind. No more to be the victim of a Parliament-
ary sleight-of-hand, I stop short here, in order
to have a vote before the morning hour expires.
The question then was, " Shall the bill be re- I
jected ?" and being put, it was decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 69, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles \llen, Allison, Bibighaus,
1 Br.igg, Busby, Joseph Cable, Chandler, Churchwell, Cling-
: mail, Culloni, Curtis, George T. Davis, John G. Davis,
D.nvson, Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman,
Edmundson, Evans, Fay, Ficklin, Florence,Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Giddmgs, Gilmore, Goodenow, H anmiond,
Harper, [sham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harns, Hendricks,
Hillyer, Holladay.J. W. Howe,T.M. Howe, Jackson, J«hu
Johnson, George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letch-
er, Mann, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, Mill-
soil, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Orr, Andrew Parker,
Powell, Robbtns, Uoss, Savage, Skelton, Benjamin Stan-
ton, St. Martin, Stratton, Toombs, Tuck, Venable, Walsh,
Wildrick, Williams, and Woodward—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, William Appleton, Ashe,
Babcock, ltarrere, Bartlett, Bennett, Bowie, lluwne,
Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H. Brown, Bur-
rows, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Chapman, Chastain, Cobb, Darby, Dean, Dockery, i)ur-
kee, Edgerton, Floyd, Freeman, Gaylord,Goodrich, Gor-
ging, Preston King, Little, Lockhart, Martin, Meacham,
Miner, Molony, Morehead, Murray, Nabers, Olds, Outlaw,
Penn, Pennimau, Phelps, Polk, Preston, Price, Richard
son, Robie, Robinson, Russell, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft. Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Origen S.
Seymour, Smart, Smith, Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.Stephens, Alexander
H. Stephens, Stone, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurs-
ton, Walbridge, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wells, and Wil-
cox—94.
So the House refused to reject the bill.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote,
Mr. SCURRY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Grow, he being in favor of the bill and
Mr. Grow opposed to it.
[A message was received from the Senate of the
United States, by the hands of Asbury Dickins,
Esq., its Secretary, announcing that the Senate
had passed sundry bills.]
The bill was then read a second time by its
title.
Mr. BROOKS. The question now is upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time, and upon that I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, sir, have I not a
right to submit the motion to refer?
The SPEAKER. The previous question, or a
demand for it, cuts off a motion to commit.
The previous question received a second, and
i the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Has the bill been en-
grossed ?
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet been
ordered to be engrossed, and therefore that is a
question which cannot arise at this stage of the
proceedings.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not wish to have
things done in a disorderly manner, that is all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] having reported the bill, is
entitled, by every rule of fairness and courtesy, to
take charge of it in its progress through the
House. He has moved the previous question,
and it has been sustained. No motion is therefore
in order but a motion to adjourn or to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
The question was then taken on Mr. Goode-
now's motion, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 78, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Averett, David
J. Bailey, Beale, Bibighaus, Bragg, Busby, Joseph Cable,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Colcock, Curtis, George T.
Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dimmick, Doty, Duncan,
Dunham, Eastman, Edmundson, Evans, Faulkner, Fay,
Ficklin, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Hammond, Isham
G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, HendrickB, Hillyer, Holla-
day John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, John Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kurtz, Letcher, Mann, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin,
McNair, Millson, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
head, Morrison, Orr,Andrew Parker, Powell, Robbin ,Ross,
Savage, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, St. Martin, Stratton,
Toombs, Townshend, Tuck, Venable, Wallace, Walsh,
Alex. White, Wildrick, Williams', and Woodward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Ashe, " ' " ~ " "   *
tain, cnurcnweu, Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Conger, Darby,
Dean, Edgerton, Floyd, Freeman, Gaylord, Gentry, Good-
rich, Gorman, Grey, Hart, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hib-
George G. King, rreston King, i,andry, Little, Lockhart,
Martin, Meacham,Miner, Molony, Murray, Nabers, New-
ton, Olds, Outlaw, Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Preston,
Price, Richardson, Uobie, Robinson, Russell, Sackett,
Schernierhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, David L. Sey-
mour, Origen S. Seymour, Smart, Smith, Snow, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Stuart, Sutherland,
Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, Walbridge, Ward, Watkins,
Welch, Wells, and Wilcox—96.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I "move to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table, and, in that
connection, I move that the rules be suspended
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered the
main question to be now put on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time. That is
the order of the House, which, the Chair thinks,
must be executed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the order of the
House has reference to the class of business. If
the class of business is confined to the morning
hour, I suppose the order of the House has refer-
ence to that time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
main question having been ordered to be now put,
| it overrides all other business and motions, ex-
| cept a motion to lay on the table, or to adjourn.
I You cannot even move a call of the House during
I the pendency of the previous question, according to
the universal practice of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to move a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. Neither can any other mo-
tion intervene, when the House has ordered the
main question to be now put. The question is
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. VENABLE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yea And nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Barrere, Bartlett, Bennett,
Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Bur-
1 rows, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Chapman, Clark,
. Cobb, Conger, Darby, Dean, Doty, Floyd, Freeman, Gay-
I lord, Gentry, Goodrich, Gorman, Grey, Hall, Hart, Haws,
i Hascall, Haven, Henn, Hibbard, Horsford, Howard,
I Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Robert W.
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Little, Lockhart, Martin, Meacham, Miner, Molony, Mur-
! rav. Nabers, Olds, Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Preston, Rich-,
ardson, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Russell, Sackett, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, D. L. Seymour,O. 8.
Seymour, Smart, Smith, Snow, Frederick P.. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, ThurstOB,
Walbridge, Ward, Wells, and Wilcox—87.
HAYS Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Averett, Beale,
Bragg, Briggs, Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chandler, Chastain, Churchwell, Clemens, Clingman, Col-
cock, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dimmick, Dockery,
Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Edmundson, Faulkner, Fay,
Ficklin, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Hammond, Har-
per, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks,
Hillyer, Holladay, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Landry,
Letcher, Mann, Marshall, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin,
McNair, Millson, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
head, Morrison, Murphy, Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker, Porter, Powell, Reed, Robbins, Ross, Savage, Skel-
ton, Benjamin Stanton, St. Martin, Stratton, JioomDs,
Townshend, Tuck, Venable, Wallace, Walsh, Watkins,
Welch, Wildrick, Williams, Woodward, and Yates—89.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote , ^
Mr. EVANS stated that he had paired off with
Stanly.
Mr. MARSHALL, when his name was called,
said I should be glad to explain the reason why 1
vote against this bill.
