408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. HART, r object.
Mr MARSHALL. I intend to vote against
it, as did the whole of the New1 York delegation
against a provision in the California Mint bill.
[Cries of " Order."] . ■
So the House refused to order the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
depended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BRIGGS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to order the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to a privileged question.
Fmovo that the vote last taken be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Briggs] was first recog-
nized by the Chair, after thegentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. DAWSON. Then am I not entitled to
tke floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was certainly the first to rise to a privileged
question after the gentleman from Alabama was
recognized, and, indeed, almost simultaneously
with that gentleman.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it not in order to move
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I make that motion.
Mr. BRIGGS. The morning hour having ex-
pired, I call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the question on laying the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
. Mr. STUART. How did the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] get the floor from
the gentleman from New York, to submit that
nation ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York had yielded the floor, at least so the Chair
understood. If the gentleman from New York
says that he had not yielded the floor, he has a
right to address the House.
Mr. BRIGGS. I will state to the House, that
nj.y only object was to move to reconsider the
•vote by which the third reading of the bill was
defeated, and also to call for the regular order of
business. That was my object, but I do not wish
that the motion to reconsider should «me up to-
day.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is strictly in order,
amd that is, that the House proceed to the business
on. the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does that motion
take precedence of the privileged motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was defeated? I
tfiink that if the motion had been made yesterday
to reconsider—:—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right, and the motion to reconsider is a
privileged motion which mustbeputto the House.
Mr. DAWSON. The gentleman from New-
York is not now upon the floor, and I move that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will recollect
that the gentleman from New York was arrested
while on the floor by the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JOTJES,ofTennessee. Ifl recollect aright,
the gentleman from New York stated that his
only object was to make a-motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. So he did.
Mr. JONES. And then to call for the regular
order of business. The gentleman stated that he
did not intend to make a speech.
The SPEAKER, That is the correct history
of the case. The Chair understood the gentleman
from New York [Mr. BriggsJ as submitting the
motion to reconsider that it might go over till to-
morrow. The gentlerhan from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Dawson] rises and insists on its considera-
tion now, which he has a right to do under the
rules.
* Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
question of Drder. I understand the Chair to hold
that this question of reconsideration overrides
every other business. It is with that view that I
rise. The question of reconsideration is a privi-
leged question that can be made and entered, but
the consideration of it does not override other
business.
The SPEAKER. The language of the rule is
substantially that it shall take precedence of every
other business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is not the language
of the rule, that even when a motion to reconsider
has been passed over for a day, any member may
call it up at any time ? |
The SPEAKER. That is the rule. )
Mr. STEPHENS. That is true; but it can !
override only the business of the morning hour, j
The question of reconsideration grows out of the
business of the morning hour, and may override
all the business of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
is certainly in error with regard to the practice
under that rule. The motion to reconsider is so
highly privileged as to override all other business.
The 56th rule'is as follows:
" When a motion has been once made and carried in the
affirmative or negative, it shall be in order for any member
of the majority to move for a reconsideration thereof on the
same or succeeding day ; and such motion shall take pre-
cedence of all other motions except a motion to adjourn,
and shall not be withdrawn after the said succeeding day
without the consent of the House, and thereafter any mem-
ber may call it up for consideration."
The rule is very clear, and the practice of the
House has been equally clear.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to ask one question.
I understand the practice under that rule, and the
rule to be, that a motion to reconsider is a privi-
leged motion; but can its consideration be insisted
on so as to take the floor from me? I had the
floor before the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Briggs.]
The SPEAKER. The rule is very express,
and the practice under it has been uniform.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood that I was rec-
ognized by the Chair, and the gentleman from
i New York took the floor from me to make the
motion to reconsider. Now, the point which I
wish to present is, whether the motion to recon-
sider can take the floor from me and keep me from
it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
does, "the motion submitted by the gentleman
from Alabama was not a debatable one, and there-
fore he could not retain the floor. The Chair has
no doubt about the force of the rule, or the practice
i under it. It has been uniform.
I The question now being upon Mr. Dawson's
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
I table,
Mr. ROBBINS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Averett, Beale,
Bragg, George H. Brown, Busby, Joseph Cable, Caskie,
Chandler, Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Clemens, Cling-
man, Colcoek, Curtis, Darby, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dimmick, Dockery, Dunham, Eastman,
Faulkner, Fay, Ficklin, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gam-
i ble, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman, Hammond,
Harper, Tsham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks,
Hillyer, Holladay, John \\ . Howe,ThomasM. Howe, Jack-
1 son, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
George W. Jones, J. Glsncy Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Letch-
er, Mann, Marshall, Mason, MeLanahan, McMullin, Mc-
Nair, Meade, Millson, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Par-
ker, Porter, Powell, Reed, Robbins, Ross, Savage, Skelton,
Benjamin Stanton, St. Martin, Stratton, Toombs, Towns-
liend, Tuck, Venable, Wallace, Walsh, Watkins, Welch,
Wildrick, Williams, Woodward, and Yates—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Ashe, Babcock, Barrere, Bartlett, Bennett,
i Bowie, Bowne, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks,
I Albert G, Brown, Burrows, Caldwell, Thompson Camp-
j bell, Chapman, Cobb, Conger, Dean, Doty, Duncan, Ed-
| gerton, Floyd, Freeman, Gaylord, Gentry, Grey, Hall,
Hart, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Henn, Hibbard, Horsford,
Houston, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Preston
King, Little,Lockhart, Martin, Meaeham, Miner, Molony,
Murray, Olds, Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Price, Rich-
ardson,Robie, Russell, Sackett, Schermerliorn, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Smart, Snow, Freder-
ick ,1'- Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Ste-
phens, Alexander H. Stephens, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweet-
ser, Taylor, Thurston, Walbridge, Ward, Wells, and Wil-
cox—83.
So the motion to reconsider was ordered to lie
upon the table.
Mr. BRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I bow with sub-
mission to the defeat of the Mint bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is nothing like Chris-
tian resignation and humility.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table; and being taken, the motion was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules, and go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and being
taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. WILDRICK, from theCommittee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled the
following bills; which received the signature of
the Speaker, viz:
J An act for the relief of Nathan Weston, late
i additional paymaster in the United States Army;
An act for the relief of Ann C. Belknap;
I An act for the relief of Mrs. Abigail Stafford;
| and
i An act for the relief of Francis P. Gardner.
The rules accordingly were suspended, and the
: House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Brown,
of Mississippi, in the chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the consideration of Housi
bill No. 335," to supply deficiencies in the appro-
! priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1853." The pending question being
upon the amendment of the gentleman froth New
York [Mr. Haven] to add,as an additional section
of the bill, tike following:
" For paper used, and to be used for printing for the Sen-
ate, for the first session of the Thirty-second Congress,
$13,934 40.
" For paper used, and to be used for priming for the House
of Representatives, for the first session of the Thirty-sec-
ond Congress, $16,411 50.
" For paper for the printing of the two Houses ofCongress,
for the second session of the Thirty-second Congress, being
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853, $104,064.
" For compensation to the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and the two clerks and messenger in his office,
$4,376 33.
" For blank books, advertising for proposals for paper,
postage, &c., $1,550."
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the amendment
-of my friend from ftew York to be based upon
estimates sent here by the Superintendent of the
Public Printing. These estimates were not referred
to the Committee on Ways and Means, and have
not been before that committee. My impression,
however, from conversation with the Superintend-
ent, and from the explanation of the gentleman
from New York himself, is, that the amendment
ought to pass. I understand there isno paperupon
which the balance of the public printing can be
done for this year unless the appropriation be
made.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow the amendments which have been reported
by the Committee on Ways and Means to be
first disposed of.
Mr. VENABLE. I will yield the gentleman
the floor.
The following amendments, reported from the
Committee on Ways and Means, were then read
by the Clerk, and severally agreed to, viz:
Page 3, after line sixty-four, insert:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
comply with the resolution of the House ofRepresentatives
passed on the 23d of December, 1852, to pay John s. I.it-
tell per diem and mileage while contesting the seat of John
Robbins, junior, during the Thirty-first Congress, $2,376;
to pay Hendrick B. Wright per diem and mileage while
contesting the seat of Henry M. Fuller during the Thirty-
second Congress, $1,939 20; to pay John Taliaferro per
diem and mileage while contesting the seat of John P.
Hungerford during the Twelfth Congress, $222.
For salary of an assistant dragoman and secretary to the
legation to Turkey, ,500 : Provided, That said office be
discontinued on and after the 30th day of June, 1<?53.
For extra clerk hire and copying, in the Department of
State, $2,000.
For clerk hire, office rent, fuel, lights, and stationery, for
the Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon, ,$2,400.
For traveling expenses of Superintendent of Indian Af-
fairs in Oregon, and.agents therein, $2,000.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian service in
the Territory of Utah, $12,000.
For payment of the second of ten installments, in provis-
ions, merchandise, &c., and the transportation of the same
to certain tribes of Indians, per seventh article of the treaty
of Fort Laramie, of 17th of September, 1851, $60,000:
Provided, That the same shall not be paid until the said
tribes of Indians shall have assented to the amendments of
the Senate of the United States «o the above-recited treaty.
