412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 26,
whether he was a protective tariff man or not. He
was a protective tariff man at that time and up to !
the day of his death, so far as I know. I grant
that I did not say he was not, but I stated that
General Jaekson did not put down nullification.
What I stated was, whether South Carolina was
right or wrong, there was no giving way on her
part until conciliation was proposed. This is his- '
tory. That is the point.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman said that they
gave way in yielding protection.
Mr. STEPHENS. I say that they or this
Government gave way on that act against which
South Carolina was contending. It was this
Government that first gave way and let go. I did
not say that she entirely abandoned protection.
You have not done it to this day; even a revenue
tariff is protective as far as it goes. We have now
a protective tariff upon most articles of thirty per
cent. I say the friends of that kind of protective
system which was established by the acts of 1828
and 1832, protection for protection sake, not look-
ing to revenue as the object, did let go so far as to
agree that one tenth of the duty above twenty per
cent, on all articles should at stated periods be
taken off, and that all above twenty percent, should
be taken off at the end of ten years. Twenty
percent, was considered the standard of a revenue
tariff. I say that is letting go; and I say, as I re-
peated before, whether General Jackson was
right or wrong in being a protective tariff man, or
whether South Carolina was right or wrong in
her views, I am not going to discuss here. It is
not the proper place; but I mean to defend history.
South Carolina, whether right or wrong, did main-
tain her attitude of resistance, and she stood up
to it until the Government here gave way, and
until General Jackson's party here gave way. If
there was any giving way, it was on the part of
the Federal Government. South Carolina, however
I may have disagreed with her in her policy, never
quailed to the proclamation. She did not quail, but
there was a giving way here. When conciliation
was offered to her upon terms that met the appro-
val of her judgment, she yielded, and not before.
She may nave yielded some to patriotism, too.
This I believe she did. But the olive branch came
from the Federal Government. It was not General
Jackson or his proclamation, that put her down.
That is the point I make.
Mr. STANLY. I did not mention South Caro-
lina. I talked about nullification. Whether
South Carolina gave way or not, General Jack-
son, in his proclamation, insisted upon the doc-
trine of protection, and said it never should be
abandoned.
The question was then taken upoif Mr. Stan-
ly's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to make it $5,000,
instead of $3,000. I rose a few minutes since to
amend the amendment offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] because it is
not entirely faithful to history, and because it was
not sufficiently elaborate to secure my vote. I do
not mean to say that I would have voted for it
with the objectionable phraseology in which it
was presented. I say candidly, I would not; but
I desired further to elaborate it, in order that it
should be more truthful, and the more clearly refer
to very prominent acts and events which occurred
during the administration of the immortal Sage of
the Hermitage. I lived, during the days of the
Bank of the United States, in the city of Phila-
delphia. I was, to some extent, a victim of its
persecution and proscription. I know well the
tyranny of that institution, and I desire " to vindi-
cate the truth of that history." I desired to offer 1
an amendment to record my approbation, and, as j
I anticipated, of this House, of the patriotic ser- i
vices rendered by General Jackson in emancipa- j
ting labor and relieving the working classes from |
the baneful influences of that institution, in veto- j
ing the act of Congress rechartering the Bank of
the United States. I-desired to accord credit to
him for his rare honesty and his laudable inde-
pendence in removing the deposits from that bank,
when even some of his warmest friends doubted
its propriety. In that hour, sir, " when shrunk
the timid and stood still the brave," I desired to
accord the credit due him for thus leaving on the
glorious and patriotic record his veto against the
demoralizing and dangerous influence of that
mammoth corporation.
I know something about the acts of its prom-
inentadvoc&tes. I lived in Philadelphia, a young '
man just then commencing the world; and be-
cause I dared, in honesty of heart, and from the
conviction of my judgment, to be a Democrat;
because I chose to raise my humble voice in favor
of the principles which I believed were essential
to the maintenance and perpetuity of our glorious
republican institutions; because 1 was opposed to
a Bank of the United States, which I then saw,
with all its "imperfections on its head," 1 was a
marked and proscribed man. But I thank God
that the day has come when I am permitted to
Stand upon this floor, to raise my voice in com-
mendation of that act of the administration of
Andrew Jackson—the veto of the recharter of the
Bank of the United States—that act, sir, which at
once struck the shackles from the " wrists of,
labor," and permitted man, persecuted and friend-
less—the poor man—to feel that his liberty, his lib-
erty of thought, of action, and of opinion was still
secured to him. [Roars of laughter and great clap-
ping of hands.] Hence I wanted the truth of
history vindicated, and the pleasing recollections
of the acts of a good man revived by the adoption
of my amendment. [Renewed ana long-contin-
ued laughter and applause.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh! I will withdraw it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the gentle-
man's amendment, for the reason that it is not ne-
cessary. If the appropriation asked for is to be
granted at all, the proper amount is that contained
in the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venable.] I am opposed to all
these amendments upon another ground. These
gentlemen, some of whom have always been
ranked amongst the bitterest enemies and revilers
of General Jackson, are now coming forward as
the particular guardians of his fame and reputa-
tion; and they are disposed to enter upon the rec-
ords of the proceedings of this House that sort of
testimony in his behalf for which, if he was living,
he would not thank them, and for which his
friends do not now thank them. His fame is be-
yond the reaeh of anything that this House or
this Congress can do.
You need not in this way thank General Jack-
son for his destruction of the Bank of the United
States. The people of the United States have
done that very amply and triumphantly long
since. Sir, it is but a mockery—a mockery of
the worst character,for the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to pretend now that he is
converted, or that he has any friendship for Gen-
eral Jackson or his reputation; and I regret ex-
ceedingly that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] has so far forgot himself as to
engage in this course of improper legislation. I
do hope that gentlemen will let us pass upon the
amendments, and dispose of the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to explain, if the
gentleman will give me one minute.
[Much laughter, and cries of" Hear him!"]
The CHAIRMAN. No further remarks are
in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Flor-
ence's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
negatived.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. STANLY. I move as an amendment to
put in " $6,000." I rise to return my thanks to
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means for his most furious, unjustifiable, unjust,
and unprovoked onslaught upon me just now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I made no onslaught.
Mr. STANLY. Does the gentleman know
what an onslaught is ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do.
Mr. STANLY. I doubt it very much. The
gentleman undertook to say, as I understood him,
that I was among the revilers of General Jackson.
Mr. HOUSTON. I meant the enemies of Gen-
eral Jackson.
Mr. STANLY. You said revilers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman shall take it as he pleases. I meant j
to say that the gentleman was ranked among the |
bitterest opponents and enemies of General Jack-
son.
Mr. STANLY. An opponent is one thing; a
reviler another.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make that explanation.
Mr. STANLY. Then the gentleman stands
corrected. It is a mockery, is it?
Mr. HOUSTON. A perfect mockery.
Mr. STANLY. Why, then, we have mock-
eries here every day-. We have mockeries from
the Committee on Ways and Means continually.
All these amendments are mockeries.' We had
mockeries here yesterday. By what authority
does the gentleman from Alabama get up and
apply a word of that sort to my proposition? I
have a right to signalize my devotion to Jackson's
reputation, if I choose, in my own way. I did
so without intrenching on anybody's personal
feelings, and I do not think that the chairman of
the Committee on Ways and Means has a right
to talk to me in this way. Why, 1 wonder if I
cannot be a friend of General Jackson, though he
is dead. The gentleman undertakes to say that
if General Jackson were alive he would not thank
me for my friendship. Sir, I learned my respect
for General Jackson from those who preceded
me, men as good as the gentleman from Alabama
dare hope to be, and ardent, devoted, and disin-
terested friends of Jackson.
The gentleman from Alabama, with his peculiar
notions of patriotism, thinks that no man can be a
friend of Jackson because he is dead! As a young
man, I opposed him when he was alive, and
thought some of his political opinions wrong.
But 1 do reverence his memory now that he is
dead, because he put down nullification and seces-
sion, and because he was a devoted friend to a
tariff for protection. I am not one of those who
think they can only show devotion and friendship
and honor for illustrious and patriotic services,
when a man is the fountain of honor and power,
and that they should heap no laurels on his grave
after he is dead.
The gentleman from Alabama says it is pre-
, tense. By what authority does he undertake to
arraign me for pretending anything? 1 speak the
j sentiments of my constituents and of my own
| heart, and I will thank my honorable friend—if I
I may be allowed to call him so—to weigh his
; words with a little more care when speaking of
me, and to be more sparing of sueh charges as he
has made here to-day. I am acting as much
under a sense of duty as he is. Sir, I shall carry
the war no further into Africa unless I am driven
to it.
Mr. STUART obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few minutes.
Mr. STUART. Very well, sir; I will do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, my remarks,
as I supposed everybody understood, were not
intended as personally offensive. I intended to
characterize this mode of legislation—if 1 may call
it legislation—as a mockery, and I am sure that
: the gentleman from North Carolina in his sober
| second thought, will agree with me. What is a
mockery? What is intended to be accomplished
: by these amendments? Is there any good and
' legitimate purpose of legislation to be accomplished
] by them? If there is not, then I should like to
know if I was not correct in characterizing it as a
mockery ?
Mr. STANLY. I understood the gentleman
to say that it was a mockery because the revilers
of General Jackson did it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not responsible for the
gentleman's understanding. But the gentleman
asks—and I will reply to it—may he not be a
friend of General Jackson although he is dead?
Certainly, but it is to be regretted that he did not
show his friendship while General Jackson was
alive; that he has suffered him to remain dead so
long before he has evinced this patriotic emotion—
this love for General Jackson which he seems to
intimate that he inherited—my God ! what an
inheritance! Inherited, and what became of it?
A lost inheritance; a lapsed legacy; gone; never
j called for or used until General Jackson has been
dead for years, and his reputation beyond the
! reach of anything that Congress may do, either
individually or collectively. The gentleman's
words are harmless if against him, and can add
nothing to him if for him. I repeat again, that I
intended nothing personally offensive to the gentl«-
