185a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
man from North Carolina. My remarks were
imemled to apply to this mock legislation which
we are carrying on, to the delay and obstruction
ot" proper and useful action, and the injury of the
best interests of the country. I wish to press
this l>iU to a final vote to-day.
Mr. STANLY. As to the " lapsed legacy,"
the gentleman from Alabama has not lost that.
The legacy ot* Jaeksonism is all the capital some
gentlemen have to go upon: take that from them,
and they would break.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Chair whether my
time is out-
It is out.
I ask the committee to
«U3rder!"]
No further debate is in
The CHAIRMAN.
Mr. FLORENCE.
allow me one minute?
[Cries of '• Order!"
The CHAIRMAN.
order.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. POLK obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor r
Mr. POLK. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to increase the
amount specified in the amendment five dollars.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order. 1 want
to know whether this amendment belongs to the
gentleman from Penasylv&nia or the gentleman
from Tenneasee ?- #
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand the gentle-
man from Tennessee yields me the floor entirely.
Mr. POLK. I yield the floor to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for the purpose of discussing
the amendment, or for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to occupy the time
of the committee but for a single moment, and 1
desire to he serious, too, in my remarks. [Laugh-
ter.]
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
in his remarks, denied having any personal allu-
sion, or at least any offensive personal allusion, to
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
and I take it for granted that he intended to make
none to me.
Mr. HOUSTON. I certainly meant no per-
sonal allusion to the gentleman.
Mr. FLORENCE. But thegentleman said, if
I understood him, I had forgotten myself and the
duties I owed to the members of this National
Legislature in introducing subjects foreign to the
purposes for which we were sent here. Now,
sir, I know my duties, and mean to adhere strictly
to them, while I have the privileges which I now
enjoy upon this floor. It is written, sir, "The
deeds that men do live after thein," and I think
it exceedingly proper sometimes to revive recol-
lections of the brilliant history of a great and good
man. For this reason I thought what I have pre-
viously said would be very well introduced in
«onnection with this amendment. A sense of
duty alone impelled me. I learned my Democracy
from the precepts and teachings of Thomas Jef-
ferson. 1 feel well convinced I was maintaining
the principles of this Apostle of Democracy, when
I supported, with all the zeal in my power, the
administration of Andrew Jackson; and I think,
further, that the best among the many great meas-
ures of that great man's administration, was
the veto of the recharter of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, and the "removal of the Government
deposits from that institution.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman says he learned
his Democracy from ThomaB Jefferson. 1 desire
to know if he was personally acquainted with
him : [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. No, air. I was taught
from his writings by reading the books. I only
desire to say this much: I repeat, I know my duty
as well as any gentlecrtan upon this floor, and I
think I was religiously and in sincerity in the per-
formance of that duty, when I referred gentlemen
to the memories of the illustrious dead. It would
be better for all of us, perhaps, oftener to do so.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as I am to
all these amendments. I think it is time for us to
show that this House is not a bear garden 
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of or-
der. My point is, that it is an insult to this Na-
tional Legislature to call it a beargarden. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee do now rise. We are in no condition
to legislate now.
Mr. POLK. As the question of order has been
raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I ask
that it shall be decided by the Chair, whether it is
in order to call this House f bear garden ? I ask
that the gentlemen shall argue the point, and the
Chairman dec.ideupon it. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is upon the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Does the Chair decide that
the gentleman from New York is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is in order,
and may proceed with his remarks.
Mr. DEAN. As it is evident that we shall not
get on with the business of the committee, I will
yield for a motion to rise.
Mr. CARTTER. I makethat motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Chair-
man (Mr. Brown, of Mississippi) reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill No.335, "to supply deficien-
cies in appropriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1853," and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hold in my hand some
estimates from one of the Departments, which I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to re-
ceive, have referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and order to be printed.
There was no objection, and the communication
was received, and accordingly referred,-and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STANLY. I have some papers here which
I desire to have received find referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. They are in relation to
a claim already before that committee.
Mr. KING, of New York. What are the
papers ?
Mr. STANLY. They are copies of correspond-
ence between the Secretary of the Navy and the
commandant of the Boston navy-yard, the com-
mander of the sloop-of-war Plymouth, and R. W.
Meade, between the first of March and the first
of July, 1849, in relation to the appointment of
the said R. W. Meade and other officers and en-
gineers, and their transportation from Boston to
the Pacific, for the United States propeller Edith.
Mr. STUART. That is in relation to the
McCormick case. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him if the chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee has not already reported that case to the House ?
Mr. STANLY. 1 do not think he has. At
least he told me he should not report it without an
examination of these papers.
Mr. STUART. When waif that?
Mr. STANLY. This morning.
Mr. STUART. Some of the daily papers of
the city stated that it was offered and received by
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My recollection
is, that the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs did offer the report, but it was objected to,
and the rules were not suspended.
The papers were then, by unanimous consent,
received, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put and the motion agreed to.
And the House adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. WILLIAMS: A pntition in favor of a mail route
from Oenterville to Butt's Landing, on the Tennessee river.
By Mr. CHURCHWELL: The petilion of Thomas
McConnell, praying Congress to refund money expended
by liim during the Mexican war.
By Mr. JONES, ofNew York: The petition of Margaret
Dygert, for relief.
By Mr. FA Y: The petition of Samuel Cleland and others,
of Chelsea, Massachusetts, praying for a reduction in the
rates of ocean postage.
By Mr. IVES : The petition of 72 citizens of Jefferson
county, New York, for appropriations to improve the har-
bor of Cape Vincent and lighthouses in the vicinity of the
i,State of New York.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 27, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating copies of the correspond-
ence and other documents connected witn the
assay office in California; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, showing
the expenditures from the appropriations for the
contingent expenses of that Department, its offices
and bureaus; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, show-
ing the names and compensation of the clerks and
other persons employed in that Department, other
than officers of the Army, during the year 1852;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a report of theSecretary of the Interior, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate, relative to
the allegations of fraud by Alexander Ramsay,
Superintendent of Indian Affairs, in the disburse-
ment of money appropriated for the fulfillment of
treaties with the Sioux Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Rochester, State of New York; a memo-
rial of inhabitants of the village of Lewiston and
its vicinity, State of New York; a memorial of
inhabitants of the village of Niagara Falls and its
vicinity, State of New York; and a memorial of
citizens of Bellevue and its vicinity, State of New
York, praying a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of a ship canal around the Falls of Ni-
agara; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Brooklyn and
New York, praying that a contract maybe en-
tered into with Christian Hansen for the trans-
portation of the mails between Brooklyn and
Gliickstadt, and Kiel and St. Petersburgh; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Scituate, Massachusetts, praying that a pension
may be granted to Josiah Mann, in consideration
of his services as a seaman in the Navy during
the last war with Great Britain; which was re-
ferred to the Committe on Pensions.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens of
Adams county, Pennsylvania, praying the adop-
tion of measures for the amicable adjustment of
international difficulties; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Suffolk county, Massachusetts, praying a reduc-
tion of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of Burnett W. Dole, sen and
heir at-law of Enoch Dole, a surgeon in the revo-
lutionary war, praying commutation pay; whieh
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying the adoption of measures for the
amicable adjustment of international difficulties ;
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of the Philo-
matheian Society, Hartsville University, pray-
ing a complete set of the laws, State papers, and
documents; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Clements, Bryan & Co.,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHARLTON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to which was referred the
petition of Mrs. Mary Perry, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was recommitted the bill toamend
an act entitled " An act to create th e office of
' seyor general.®f the public lands in Oregon, and
