414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 27,
* to provide for the survey,and to make donations
* to the settlers, ot"the said public lands,"approved
September 27, 1850, reported it, with an amend-
ment.
THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Cass on
the 25th instant:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire and report whether any measures, and
if any, what, should be taken by the Senate in relation to
the declaration annexed to the ratification on the part of
Great Britain of the treaty concluded between that country
and the United States, April 19, 1850; and to the letter of
the Secretary of State to the British Minister on the ex-
change of the ratifications."
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan will not press this resolution for
consideration now. Let it be postponed until the
end of the session. We shall then have an Ex-
ecutive session to which such matters are properly
referable. Besides, at that time, upon these con-
tested matters of fact, the gentleman who has had
the principal agency in this matter, the Secretary
of State of the late administration of General
Taylor, will be here as a member of this body, to
speak for himself; and if gentlemen suppose there
is much in the matter, or that there is anything to
be made out of it, they ought to be willing to
wait until that gentleman assumes his seat here as
one of the members of this body.
Besides, there is a document which was made
out by that gentleman, a full report, making the
fullest and amplest disclosures, as I understand,
restricting the operation and effect of the treaty to
the five Republics that formerly constituted the
Confederation of Central America, which report
was made to the President of the United States,
and by him transmitted to the Senate, printed,and
laid upon the desk of every member of this body.
Mr. BADGER. It was transmitted to the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MANGUM. I am informed that that
communication was presented to the House of
Representatives, but as a matter of course, accord-
ing to the usual courtesy between the two Houses,
copies of it were printed for the use of the Senate.
1 very much hope that t<j£ honorable Senator from
Michigan will feel the force of the suggestion that I
Mr. Clayton ought to be permitted to ma.ke his
own explanation to this body, and will feel the 1
propriety of the suggestion, that upon matters of
this sort which squint towards war there ahould
be consideration, and we should not act hastily.
Although this may look like war, I know that
gentlemen never contemplate such a contingency.
They dare not avow such a purpose. The coun-
try would not sustain them in it. Who cares
particularly about the application of the Monroe
doctrine to one or two little islands faraway from
us, which would hardly make a respectable potato
patch. Who is going to war with the most pow-
erful nation in the world on such a wild-goose
chase? But suppose it should be done, and sup-
pose you should be victorious, 'ou would win
nothing. I will not go into this ma^er; but I hope
that discussions of this character, which have such
a tendency to disturb the public mind, as gentlemen
seem to think, will be postponed to the period I
have named. But I think the public mind is as
calm as an unruffled inland sea. I do not see that
our agitations here produce any breeze beyond the
purlieus of some of the great cities, the hot-beds of
faction; the great mass of the landed interest of !
the country throughout the Union do not feel it; '
u "i.Pu')''c m'nc' has been agitated, f think [
that these discussions ought to take place in Ex- I
ecutive session. Let us not have all this talk, and
talk as if we were on the eve of battle, when gen- !
tlemen have no more notion of going into extreme
measures, I apprehend, than I have, and I cer- !
tamly have none. I hope the honorable Senator j
will not press the consideration of the matter. I I
move that the further consideration of the resolu- !
tion bei postponed until the 4th of March, and then 1
the debate can be resumed in Executive session. I
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I am not to be |
deterred by any charges that 1 do not mean war, I
from following any investigation into any ques-
tion connected with the honor or interest of my
country. I have lived too long for that. I want
no war. All this talk about war I heard forty
years ago, when the honorable gentleman was a
young roan. I trust we shall always go to war
when the honor and interests of the country may
require it; but I trust they will never require it.
You are sure to have war if you neglect all such
questions, and leave your honor and your inter-
ests at the disposition of every foreign nation.
That is the way to bring on war. It is not by
standing up manfully for your rights before the
world, in conformity to a sentiment which be-
longs to the heart of every American—it is not
that which makes war; it is slavish submission
which brings on war.
Now, what is the object of this resolution ? It is
a question of inquiry for the Senate whether the
treaty of 1850 has been changed in consequence
of the proceedings which took place between Mr.
Clayton and Mr. Bulwer. That is a question for
the Senate to inquire into and consider. Mr.
Clayton has no more to do with it than you or I
have, sir. It is not a personal matter; and gen-
tlemen who think it is, are making a personal
question of one of vast national importance. We
are not investigating the conduct of Mr. Clayton
or of Mr. Bulwer in any way whatever. The
object of this resolution is simply to instruct the
Committee on Foreign Relations to inquire into and
ascertain what are now the obligations of that
treaty upon us in consequence of the mode of its
ratification. That is the object of it.
I have nothing more to say about that point; but
I have a few words to say upon another matter,
and it is this : There is an objection to the consid-
eration of this subject, which, I freely confess,
never occurred to me until yesterday; but it is now
forcibly impressed upon my mind, and I conceive
it to be my duty to warn the Senate of the very
delicate, and I may almost say, the awful position
in which they will stand by passing this resolution.
Why, sir, that objection is, that the resolution was
introduced by me without consulting the President
of the United States upon the subject. I avow it
now, here before the Senate, and I hope and trust
my frankness will atone for my presumption.
Yes, sir, we heard yesterday, from the Senator
fromNewYork, [Mr.Seward,] here in the Amer-
ican Senate—in the face" of the American people—
an avowal of opposition and objection to a resolu-
tion, because the mover of it had not obtained the
sanction—that was the word—of the President of
the United States. The old Norman French, Le
Rot le vevi—" the King wills it "—is a little sof-
tened, and the new formula is, the President sanc-
tions it; or, in plain English, the President wills it.
The first inquiry, therefore, before the Senate on
any such question, which may be introduced on
the responsibility of a member is, "Does the King
sanction it" Does the President will it?" I
I disavow any such doctrine. I have scarcely words
i to express my indignation at its introduction and
open avowal here.
i Yesterday we had a long talk about Lord
I George Bentinck and his genealogy, evincing on
the part of the gentleman who gave us his history
and genealogy, the fact that he was pretty well
acquainted with lords after all; and we had a talk
about Captain Pilkington, his friend and relation,
which I did not much attend to. Would Lord
George Bentinck get up in the House of Commons
and raise an objection to such a resolution, upon
such a ground ? If he did so, he would be driven
from the public councils, and forever forfeit the
confidence of the English people; and there would
not be a man, from John O'Groat's house to
Land 's End, who would not repudiate him and his
doctrine. Yet here, in the American Senate, in
the middle of the nineteenth century, we are told
that we must obtain the sanction of the President of
the United States before we introduce such a reso-
lution into the Senate. I disavow any such de-
grading doctrine; I cannot argueupon such a point.
If a clause like that had been proposed to be in-
serted in the Constitution, do you believe the
American people would ever have sanctioned it ?
Or if it had been proposed in the body which
framed the Constitution, would there have been a
member found to advocate it? And is there more
than one member now in this body—is there one
in the House of Representatives—who will stand
up and dare, before this country, to avow that sen-
timent, and to object to a resolution because the
member introducing it did not obtain for it the
sanction of the President of the United States?
Talk about this being an age of progress! Why,
if suck a doctrine be admitted, it is an age of re-
gress. '«If they do these things in the green tree, 1
what shall be done in the dry ?" as was said by
Mr. Adet, the French Minister. If such is the
infancy of this Republic, what will be its maturity ?
Now, it may be proper—I merely suggest it,
though I shall not move it—that a committee be
appointed before we pass this resolution, to wait
on the President of the United States, to know
whether he sanctions it. I will agree to let it lie
over for that purpose, if any member desires it.
Mr. MANGUM. Does the Senator make that
motion ?
Mr. CASS. I expressly said I did not; but if
the honorable Senator will make it, I will agree to
let the resolution lie over for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to postpone the further consideration of the
resolution until the 4th of March.
Mr. BELL. I hope this resolution will not be
pressed upon the consideration of the Senate this
morning. If it be of no importance, or if it be of
very great importance, in either view, I do not
think it is proper that we should go into it at this
time. If it be of no importance, why occupy our
time with it when we have such important busi-
ness of a practical nature pending? If it be of great
importance, as seems to be suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, no such resolution
ought to pass without some further consideration
and debate.
I have not thought proper to attempt to express
any views which I entertain on the various ques-
tions connected with ogr foreign relations, which
have been started and agitated during the present
session. This is not because I do not reflect,
and come to some conclusion upon them, with
such lights as I have. Though I occupy no po-
sition in the Senate to give me ready access to
many branches of information which may be use-
ful upon these subjects, yet, with such informa-
tion as I possess, I have reflected seriously, and
been much concerned at the probable effect of
those discussions. I have listened—I do not say
with pleasure and approval to many sentiments
advanced in this body—but I have listened, as I
always do, with interest to every sentiment an-
nounced by every member of the Senate upon
questions of this nature, because they all have
some potency. Some of them have a very con-
siderable influence upon the public mind, others
are of less importance, but all tend to mould the
public sentiment of the country, and to affect the
future as well as the present policy of the United
States in the conduct of their foreign relations.
We have had some three or four resolutions of
this nature already brought to the notice of the
Senate, of all of which the honorable Senator from
Michigan has chanced to be the mover, or an ac-
tive participant in the debate. Although he was
pretty full in the outset in his observations on
each one of them, yet on every new resolution or
every new proposition, he has come forward with
an amended edition of his views, (Mr. Cass shakes
his head,) or he has furnished us with supple-
mentary matter, enlarging his ground, aiM giving
more gravity and importance to the subject. I
do not say that what he has said has not been
quite interesting to the Senate and to the country.
I do not speak of this because of any personal ob-
jection or unkind feeling which I have to the hon-
orable Senator, but because I think that that hon-
orable Senator, in giving expression to his views
upon all these questions, and in exercising his in-
fluence upon the sentiment of the country in rela-
tion to them, has had ample scope heretofore
allowed him; and now to press this resolution
upon us at such a time, and after all that has been
said, I think is more than we are called upon in
courtesy to yield.
I thought, sir, the discussion had already been
very full and ample and satisfactory in regard to
the alleged interpolation upon the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty. I thought that not only the'Senate, but
the country was pretty well satisfied that some
honorable gentlemen had burnt their own fingers
in touching that matter. I thought the honorable
Senator from Michigan had had ample time and
ample opportunity to be heard upon every branch
of that subject. The Senate have been ready and
willing heretofore on every occasion to yield to his
wishes in season and out of season. I think the .
honorable Senator himself will admit that he has
not only had the full measure of such indulgence
as the body always gives to a member of his long
experience, and for whom they entertain such a
