1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
high personal esteem as they do for him, but that
he his had conceded to him all that was proper on
■count of" the position which he occupies before the
public. He has only had to intimate that he wished
to present some new matter before the Senate, and
whatever it may be, personal, or of a public na-
ture, the Senate has always yielded to his request,
and listened to him with patience. 1 had thought,
too, that the country was satisfied with regard to
the point of the present resolution, and was pretty
■well convinced that it would have been better if
honorable Senators had not interfered with it. I
believe there is now no question of veracity con-
nected with it. I believe the Senate and the country
have settled down pretty generally to the conclu-
sion that there was nothing unfairmeant on either
side; that the proper and full explanations were
duly given, and that it was only from want of due
attention on the part of honorable Senators them-
selves that there seemed to be any mistake or mis-
apprehension in regard to that treaty.
t did not, however, rise to go into that subject.
I rose with the view of trying to prevent the fur-
ther consumption of time in relation to a new
resolution touching our foreign relations, at least
if we could not stop the discussion upon those
which had been before the Senate for some month
or two past, and upon which pretty ample debate
has been had. I have said that if it be & matter
of consequence to refer this subject to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to report what should
be done in relation to that treaty, it deserves to be
further investigated before it passes to the com-
mittee. I am sure no proposition of this nature
could comefrom the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan without something being meant. Is it pro-
posed that the Committee on Foreign Relations
shall consider the propriety of giving notice of a
repeal of this treaty by Congress? Is there suffi-
cient ground upon whieh a grave and honorable
Senator can be justified in pressing before the
country such a measure as that? Is there any
cuch ground ? Is there any evidence of actual im-
position or fraud in regard to the article of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, which has been excepted
to ? I maintain that there is not, and that we should
not even give a color for such a conclusion by
gravely referring a resolution of inquiry to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, that they may
report what steps should be taken to vindicate the
honor and protect the interests of the country. 1
maintain that the investigation and discussions
have already gone so far as to show that there is
no pretense for maintaining that there is any fair
grounds for such a movement as that. If such a
resolution is to be pcessed upon the consideration
of the Senate, it ought to be met, not upon the re-
port of the committee, for we cannot foresee what
that may be; but it should be met upon the ques-
tion of reference, that we may not be taken by
surprise in the result.
Is "not the honorable Senator content with what
has already been done to rouse the feelings and
passions of the countrjr against the course and
proceedings of Great Britain, connected with the
colonization of the Balize and the Bay Islands ?—
with her obnoxious interposition in the affairs of
Cuba, and her arrogant pretensions displayed in
her correspondence with our Government? And
I might as well say here that I concur with some
of the sentiments expressed by honorable Senators
in regard to the manner in which Great Britain
has been in the habit of interfering in Spanish
American affairs, and in regard to the tone of the
correspondence of her Ministers in relation to the
affairs of Cuba. And I regard especially as both
singalar and offensively impudent, the proposition
of Great Britain to the'United States, to enter into
a convention withher and France conjointly, guar-
anteeing that neither shall ever possess the sov-
ereignty of Cuba. I concur in all that has been
said on that subject; but have y/e not had enough
said upon the subject? Have not thesediscussions
gone far enough in rousing the feelings of the
countfy to a proper sense of what is due to our
dignity and honor upon these points?
I understood the honorable Senator some days
ago to say that one object he had in view in all
that he has said and done connected with our for-
eign relations—and he has alluded to it this morn-
ing—was, that the country shall be kept warned
from time to time of the state of intercourse and
the relations existing between this country and
foreign nations, so that our people should at least
be prepared in feeling, and have sufficient knowl- |
edge of these subjects, to be ready to vindicate
their honor whenever a contingency may arise
which shall demand a prompt and energetic, move-
ment for that purpose. Does not the honorable
Senator think we have proceeded far enough with
such an object, when the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations says that he has
reason to believe that the Clayton and Bulwer
treaty, as it now stands, has been violated by the
establishment of what is called the colony of the
Bav Islands ?
Mr. BADGER. Bay of Islands.
Mr. BELL. I understand they are called the
Bay Islands because they are supposed to be in
the Bay of Honduras. I consider that they are
rather off the coast of the State of Honduras, and
not off the coast of the Balize, or, as it is called, i
British Honduras; but that is incidental, and not
connected directly with the question. Is it not
enough that the honorable Senator from Virginia,
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, has proclaimed that if, as he believes to be
true, there has been a violation of the treaty by
the establishment of acolony in those islands, that
colonial government " must be discontinued ?" I
confess, though I had heretofore sat and listened
with attention, but still with comparative indiffer-
ence to the debate, I was startled yesterday when
I heard this announcement of the Senator from
Virginia, and more so, when I Ijeard my grave
and usually considerate friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Davis] rise, and with great deliberation and
gravity avow his determination, if that should be
the fact, to accede readily to any measure which
might be necessary to vindicate the honor and dig-
nity of the country; in other words, that he was
ready for war. And the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] although he spoke large-
ly, and very confidently and eloquently about the
influence of the industrial and commercial inter-
ests of the world, and of common sense, and the
improved intelligence of the people of the world,
as quite sufficient to repress wars between this
I country and foreign nations, yethe, too,concluded
belligerently. I understood him to intimate that
I he was as ready as the honorable Senator from
i Virginia, or the honorable Senator from Michi-
I gan, to vindicate the rights, interests, and honor
of the country, in any of the contingencies to
which they had alluded.
« Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to explain ?
Mr. BELL. I do not think 1 said anything in
regard to the honorable Senator which requires
explanation. I only meant to say that the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts gave us to un-
derstand that he was prepared to vindicate the
honor of his country by war, if necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire the gentleman to allow
me to express my own opinion in my own words.
Mr. BELL. Very well, sir; I yield the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I expressed no such sentiment
as that any cause of war had arisen. I said a case
of inquiry had arisen, and that when the facts
should be ascertained, it would be time enough to
consider what we should do.
Mr. BELL. But I understood the honorable
Senator to say, distinctly and certainly, that he
was ready to give his assent to any measure that
was necessary to vindicate the honor and dignity
of the country; and I understood him to make that
without any reserve or limitation, so that if war
was necessary, he was ready to go to war. So
with my honorable friend from Georgia. Now, I
confess, when 1 heard such sentiments expressed
by these gentlemen, and particularly by my hon-
•i orable friend from Massachusetts, who generally
li considers well what he says, and upon such an
'>> occasion, I was not a little surprised, and was
i' prompted to consider last night what might be the
! result of all this. But the honorable Senator from
Michigan is not content with these declarations.
He does not think that the country is yet suf-
ficiently awakened. He does not think that the
passions and the resentments of the country are
yet sufficiently aroused against Great Britain, to
answer his purpose, (Mr. Cass signifies disap-
proval,)—the patriotic object of keeping this coun-
try always in acondition, at any moment, to goto
war when our honor and dignity may demand it
of us. I agree with him in the main sentiment;
but I want to know if there has not been enough,
so far as the warlike declarations of honorable
Senators in this body are calculated to have this
eilect upon the country ? And do you not think,
Mr. President, that Great Britain and France have
been already sufficiently terrified by the declara-
tions of honorable Senators? What is the need
of this new subject—this new declaration, that we
shall not only hold Great Britain responsible for
her attempt to establish a government in the Bay
of Islands, and for what I admit to be her arrogant
interference in Cuban and other affairs, on this
continent, but that we also propose to proceed to
repeal the Clayton-Bulwer treaty? Is it not say-
ingin effect, that " Wearedetermined tohavesome
ground of quarrel against you, and nothing but
war will now satisfy us? "We are satisfied of
your disposition to interfere whenever you can to
our prejudice, and we mean to take time by the
forelock." Does not the honorable Senator from
Michigan think we have had enough of this for
the objects he has in view,—and I know they are
patriotic and honorable,—to have our own people
and foreign nations sufficiently admonished of
what we propose to do in the event that our honor
or dignity, or the interests of the country de-
mand any particular proceeding at our hands?
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say, that I agree fully with every word he
says on the subject of discussion. I think it has
gone far enough on this point, and therefore it is
that I want to make a practical application of the
matter, and refer the subject to a committee, and
get their report.
Mr. BELL. But I do not want it referred.
Mr. CASS. So I perceive.
Mr. BELL. That is the difference between
myself and the honorable Senator. I do not know
what the committee may report, and I do not
mean to give the sanction of my countenance to
a reference of this sort, without better ground for
such a course, and without knowing to what it is
, to lead. If the honorable Senator means anything
less than a proposition to repeal the treaty, or that
notice ought to be given for its repeal; if he means
I anything less than that, and if he means that the
i1 committee should examine the grounds of the al-
ii leged fraud or imposition on the country or the
: Senate in the ratification of the treaty, then 1 say
! that the honorable Senator's personal honor, it
!' seems to me, demands of him that he should ac-
cede to the proposition of the honorable Senator
from North Carolina to postpone the subject
until the 4th of March, when Mr. Clayton will
be here as Senator from Delaware, to vindicate
his own character and honor, if it be susceptible
of vindication, and I think, in this case, it will be
1 clearly so. I repeat that I think the honorable
Senator's personal honor demands of him that he
should accede to the proposition, unless he thinks
I it important that a declaration shall immediately
go out from this body to the world, that such is
II the state of our relations with England especially,
that the people ought to be informed that we
are upon the eve of a rupture with England; and
unless he means to refer the subject to a commit-
, tee to examine whether we ought not to repeal the
treaty. But if nothing but a rupture with Eng-
land will answer, and if we must have a quarrel
with her, there is no necessity that this alleged
alteration of the treaty should be made the pretext
of it. There are various other causes of quar-
rel, if we want one, with Great Britain. There ia
i her arrogant interference in the affairs of Cuba and
Spain in connection with this country. There ia
I, her establishment, as is alleged, of a colonial gov-
| ernment over the Bay Islands, and the establish-
ment of a different form of possession and sover-
i eignty at the Balize, from the one which she ia
j authorized to establish there by her treaties with
|j Spain. Why should we press any additional cause
i! of quarrel? I repeat the hope that the honorable
i Senator will not press the resolution now. Let it
' lie over until the gentleman who negotiated this
j treaty can be present.
i1 I have a word more to say in regard to the other
j! propositions of this nature pending before the
j1 Senate. If the debate upon them goes on, I shall
I1 ask the indulgence of the Senate to allow me to
| express my views on the subjects involved in them
at some time which may be convenient, and
I which may not interfere with the more practical
and useful business of the Senate. I hope, how-
| ever, that I shall not have that opportunity. I
: hope that these subjects will all be disposed of
li without much further debate, at all events.
