418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
outsider wooid think that the blood was up, and
the choler moved, and nothing but blood would
answer; but when said in the Pickwickian sense,
the thin" is understood. I take it that all that
has been°said here was in a Pickwickian sense— j
every syllable of it. I do not suppose that there
is any gentleman here that has the remotest idea
of a collision with Great Britain. My only fear
is, that there is not enough even to bring it up to
the dignity of the Pickwickian standard. That is
my fear. I think that they are not only belittling
the subject, but they are belittling Pickwick him- J
self, by giving out these fears and dreadful mis- |
givings and apprehensions of a war with Great
Britain. What is tfrere—I ask Senators to look i
at it—what is there in the present aspect of affairs;
what is there in the circumstances that belong to
our intercourse with Great Britain, to give occa-
sion for the least alarm ? If there is nothing—if
all the duties which belong to the relations that
we sustain to one another are performed both by
Great Britain and us, without the least collision,
why express these apprehensions? Why, sir,
what news did the last arrival from England bring
us, while we are here with solemn faces standing -
up as American Senators, and surveying the tre-
mendous responsibilities that rest upon us, in !
view of the alarming aspect of public affairs ?
What do we see in the last accounts from Eng-
land ? I said the other day, that I did not read
the papers, and I do not do so often; but I did
happen to take up one containing the account of
that arrival. Why, sir, the great news of inter-
est—it is so stated in one of the leading dailies of
New York—is a splendid banquet given in Liver-
pool to the American Minister at the Court of St.
James, at which the first toast drank was, " The
GLueen-," the next, " The President of the United
States;" and they went further—they not only com-
plimented the Queen and the present President,
but, with patriotic forecast, which I think they ]
• must have gathered from some indications here,
even complimented the incoming President; and
then, after exhausting their eulogies upon the
Queen, and the President, and the President elect,
they took our representative, the Hon. Mr. Inger-
soll, and put it on to him about as thick as the
Senator from Arkansas put it on to the Senator
from Michigan this morning. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, this is the real state of the facts, here
and abroad; and when in our hearts we know—
why, the honorable Senator from Michigan knows
it himself—that we are in no sort of danger, what
is the use of getting up this tempest; at this time,
too, when the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin]
is so anxious about his railroad bill? Why, sir,
there is more of a tempest now in his bosom about
his Pacific railroad, than there is about these diffi-
culties with England. Why should we be talking
about those difficulties when he sits so impatient
under it? I venture to say that he—I do not think
anybody else in the Senate does—listens even to
me with impatience, because he wants to get his
railroad bill up. [Laughter.] I say while this is
the case, why do we distress ourselves about these
resolutions, in regard to which, as the honorable
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has said,
even the cool, dignified reserve of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] has
been so excited, I suppose by a sort of mesmeric
sympathy, that he has come into the melee, and
said something that sounds like war to the ears of
theSenatorfromTennessee; andthehonorableSen-
tor from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] got up to counsel
peace, and declared war before he sat down?
[Laughter.1 Sir, that is the result of the subject
upon which we are talking. It impels us to it;
and I am not certain that, if I should talk much
longer, I might not say some imprudent thing.
Therefore I will sit down, with but the expres-
sion of the hope, that we will' go at something
practical—that railroad bill for instance. I am
for it 
Mr. GWIN. That is right.
Mr. HALE. And the homestead bill, which
the honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Dodge]
has so much at heart; and which I have as much
at heart as he, though I am not so ambitious as
he is, and therefore I have stood back and let him
take the lead; but I say to him that I am a fol-
lower in regard to that bill, and if I do not make
speeches, I will give the magic influence of a vote
to sustain him.
For these reasons, I am opposed to giving much
time to the discussion of subjects of this sort now.
I am for something practical, and when honorable
Senators—I will not name any, for that would be
invidious—but if there are any, under a conscious
sense of their own merits, and of their own sa- 1
gacity, and of their own power to lay out those ,
merits and that sagacity before the country, want
an opportunity to do it, I think there ought to be
some other occasion taken, and let those of us
work who are really determined, and want to do
the business of the Senate. My friend from Rhode
Island [Mr. Clarke] feels that he has but a little
time to stay here, and he wants to signalize it by j
a devotion to the best interests of the country, and
not in listening to this sort of speeches., I am in
the same situation; and 1 crave of those ambitious ]
men—honorably ambitious, I mean—to forbear j
those displays, and come to the work of the Sen-
ate. For these reasons I shall go for the post-
postment of this resolution until the 4th of March.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I am a
"matter-of-fact man." I desire to make a few
remarks in reply to what has been said by the
Senator from Arkansas, who has thought proper
to make an attack upon the Whig party. I wish
to vindicate that party, in a very few words, from
the charges, which he has made against it, and to
prove that it is not in that miserable minority which
he has assigned to it. I shall turn the tables upon
him by a few plain facts, showing that his party
is exactly in that situation. Now, sir, how many
votes did General Pierce receive ? Look at the
tables which have been published, and you will find
that he received less than 1,500,000. How many
voters are there in the United States? Sir, for
other purposes, I applied at the Census Bureau to
ascertain the number of free white males over the
age of twenty-one years, and I found there were in
1850, the date of the census, upwards of 4,800,000.
You have, then, less than one third of the voting
population of the United States, who elected the
i candidate of the Democratic party. And yet we
' are perpetually taunted with the declaration that
! we, the Whigs, have been overwhelmed with de-
feat, and that you, the Democrats, are in a triumph-
ant majority. Thus the Democratic party con-
trive to make a triumphant majority, by electing
their candidate with the votes of less than a third
of the voting population of the United States.
Such is the state of facts. Sir, you might get every
electoral vote, provided you could get a majority
of one in the popular vote in each State of the
; Union—and a majority of one has sometimes
j elected a Governor of a State—I say you might
: get every electoral vote save those of one State,
; and yet be in a considerable minority of the peo-
( pie of the United States. 1 rose to state these facts,
! and to show this boasting party, which is so con-
stantly taunting us with being in a miserable mi-
nority, that when the amount of support which it
received is compared with the whole voting popu-
lation of the United States, that party occupies
the very position which it so constantly attempts
to assign to us.
It may be said in reply, that if the whole popu-
I lation had voted, the relative proportion which
' each party would have received would have been
the same; and that is the only reply which can be
made to the facts I have presented. The fact that
the people did not go to the polls and vote, shows
a dissatisfaction, it I may be allowed the expres-
sion, with both the great parties; and if I had
time, I could show the foundation of that dissat-
isfaction. But I will not go into it. I will, how-
ever, state the fact, that in the State of Kentucky,
where the whole voting population was 163,005 in
1852, according to the official report of the State
Auditor, only 111,617 went to the polls at thelate
presidential election, leaving 51,388, or nearly one
third, who did not'vote at all. I laiow some of
j the reasons which kept them at home, but I will
| not go into that subject now. There is no ground
! for contending that the proportion of votes would
; have been the same had all the voters gone to the
! P0"?-
Sir, General Pierce is in a minority of 47,00(Jin
the New England States, of the actual votes given,
if you will put the votes which the gentleman.who
occupies the seat to my left [Mr. Hale] received,
with those of General Scott. And if you take
New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware,
and Maryland, with them, he will still be in a mi-
nority of more than 30,000 of the votes actually
given. You may carry on these calculations
throughout the whole of the Atlantic States, and
it will be found that General Pierce did not obtain
half the votes cast in those States. Sir, these
boasts which are made here, by way of taunting
us, on all occasions, have no facts upon which
they can rest. Sir, I deny that the Whig party
i lack confidence in the virtue and intelligence of the
' people. I deny it, and I call for proof 
Mr. BORLAND. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say one word ? I did not expect, by
; the remarks which I made, to call forth any sta-
tistical accounts of our late presidential election,
j But findinga great fact before the country—a great
fact, I say—that is, that with a very few excep-
! tions, the Whig party has always been defeated,
and as 1 understood, most signally and disastrous-
ly defeated in the recent election, I undertook to
account for it upon a principle of political philos-
ophy, and the one which I announced was that
which occurred to me as being a correct and sound
one. If the Senator, however, undertakes to con-
test that point, and intends to bring forward an
array of statistics from the various presidential
elections, that will open a new field of inquiry
which will require a little time to prepare a reply.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have given the facts
in regard to the election; and I have also given
the fact in regard to the number of male persons
over twenty-one years of age, some of whom may
not be voters, in the United States, which I ob-
tained from the Census Bureau. Those facts speak
for themselves.
r" I was about to conclude my remarks by stating,
that so far as I am connected with the Whig party,
I deny the charge that it was or is our policy to
conceal anything from the virtue, and intelligence,
and the knowledge of the people. So far as I
have advocated Whig principles, and Whig policy,
it has been always by an appeal to the virtue and
intelligence and reason of the people. I have al-
ways attempted to bring the facts, and nothing
but facts, before them. Sir, before a charge of that
sort ought to be made, the Senator from Arkansas
should have pointed out the specification,and said,
" Here is the subject; this is the time and this the
Elace, where the party that I am now assailing
as been guilty of endeavoring to suppress a
knowledge of facts from the people." But there
is no specification given; there is no time, or place,
or fact pointed to, which we can gainsay and deny;
and after this general denial of the gentleman's
charge, it will be time enough to make a particu-
lar response, when the fact, the time, the place,
and the specifications of the indictment shall have
been furnished. I will furnish the reporters a
table in relation to the recent election, to be printed
as part of my remarks.* [See table next page.]
The PRESIDENT- The question is on post-
poning the further consideration of the resolution
until the 4th of March.
Mr. CASS called for the yeas and nays on the
motion; and they were ordered; and being taken
resulted—yeas 17, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bell, Brooke, Davis,
Dawson, Fish, Geyer, Hale, Mangum, Miller, Morton,
Seward, Smith, Spruance, Wade, and Weller—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Charlton,Chase, Clarke, De Saus-
sure, Dpdge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch,
Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lory, Mason, Norris, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Soute, Sum- -
ner, Underwood, and Walker—29
So the motion was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
i the adoption of the resolution.
j Mr. BUTLER. If it be in order, I will move
: that the joint resolution submitted by the honora-
ble Senatorfrom Michigan [Mr. Cass] which was
! under discussion yesterday, " declaratory of the
! ' views of the United States respecting coloniza-
' tion on the continent of North America by Euro-
' pean Powers, and with respect to the Island of
' ' Cuba," be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, with that resolution.
j The PRESIDENT. That will not be in or-
' der, as the joint resolution is not now under con-
i skleratio .
| The resolution was then adopted.
I BAIL ON MESNE PROCESS,
j On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate, asm
1 Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill "concerning bail in civil causes m the
District of Columbia." It proposes to direct, tlha
from and after its passage, nd person shall be heia
i. to bail in the District of Columbia in any actio
