420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 27,
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte- ;
rior to examine the claim presented by the county
of Lee, State of Iowa; and if, upon such examina-
tion, he is satisfied that, prior to January 1st, 1844,
that county paid the money which, in accordance
with the instructions of the First Comptroller of
the Treasury, dated September 19th, 1843, should
have been paid by the marshal of the United
States for the county, he is directed to audit and
allow the same, and pay it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RIGHT OF WAY.
A bill from the House of Representatives, "grant-
ing the right of way to the St. Louis and Iron
Mountain Railroad Company," was read a first
and second time.
Mr. FELCH. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GEYER. I presume it will be hardly ne-
cessary to refer that bill. If it is read once, it will
be understood by the Senate. It submits the whole
question to the Secretary of War to approve the
location of the road.
Mr. FELCH. A general bill was passed at
the last session, which I think will be found to
embrace this.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read for
information.
It proposes to direct that the right of way sixty
feet in width through the lands in which the St.
Louis Arsenal, St. Louis Marine Hospital, and
Jefferson Barracks, are situated in the State of
Missouri, be granted to the St. Louis and Iron
Mountain Railroad Company for the construction
of a railroad from St. Louis through those lands:
provided that the location of the road through the
lands shall be made subject to the approval of the
Secretary of War: and provided further, that the
location can be made without injury to the public
interests in the opinion of the Secretary of War.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Michigan withdraw his motion to refer the bill ?
Mr. FELCH. Yes, sir.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
then proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. WADE. I wish to make an amendment
to that bill, to which I think the Senator from
Missouri can have no objection. It is upon a
precisely similar subject. It is a bill which passed i
this body at the last session, proposing to give the
ri<*ht of way to several railroads over the grounds J
where the marine hospital is located in Cleveland, i
It was reported from the Committee on Public
Lands. I hope it may be attached as an amend-
ment to the bill under consideration, because 1
fear it will not pass at this session, if it is not now
considered. I think there can be no objection
to it.
I move to amend the bill by adding the follow-
ing to it:
That the right of way be, and the same is hereby, granted
to the Cleveland and Pittsburg Railroad Company, and also
the rightofway to the Cleveland, Painsville, and Ashtabula
Railroad Company, across the hospital ground, so called, be-
longing to the United States, in thecity of Cleveland, in the
State of Ohio; the width of each of said roads across said
hospital grounds not to exceed sixty feet where said roads
are now respectively located : Provided, That said convey-
ances can, 111 the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
be made without detriment to the interests of the United
States: And provided further, That the said grant shall
be; and is hereby, made subject to such conditions as the
Bttid Secretary of the Treasury shall impose on the said
companies, respectively, for the protection and security of
the grounds from abrasions by the watcis of Lake Erie:
Mnd provided further, That whenever the said roads shall
be discontinued or abandoned, or the conditions of this
grant shall be violated, all rights under this act shall cease
ana determine.
Mr. GEYER. I should have no objection to
that amendment as an independent proposition,
but I must object to it as an amendment to this
bill. A bill similar in its provisions to the amend-
ment passed the Senate I believe some time a<*o.
It is now in the House of Representatives. That
House has not acted upon it, though possibly it
will during the present session ; but if this amend-
ment be attached to this bill, it must necessarily
go to the House, and there be embarrassed in its
passage. For that reason, and for that alone I
oppose the amendment. ' j
Mr. WADE. I do not intend to embarrass
the bill at all. The amendment is precisely ger-
mane to it in principle. It has been reported from
a committee, and is entirely unobjectionable.
If one passes I do not see why the other should
not. 1 have no idea that it will embarrass the bill
by attaching the amendment. I think the House
will agree to it; I am confident that it will; and I
am anxious that it should.
Mr. GEYEU. 1 withdraw my. objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time; it was read a
third time and passed.
The title was amended by adding "and for
other purposes." •
CONTINUANCE OF HALF PAY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submitted, the day before
yesterday, a report from the Committee of Con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Senate bill " to cpntinue half pay to cer-
tain widows and orphans." That report was
accepted. Thecommitteeon thepart of the House
.have called my attention to the fact that the word
" militia" is omitted in that report. I therefore
move that the vote accepting the report be recon-
sidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 now move that a message
be sent to the House of Representatives, request-
ing that body to return the bill to the Senate.
The motion was1 agreed to.
Subsequently a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives was received, by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk, announcing that, in compliance with the
request of the Senate, it had ordered him to return
the bill.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the report of
the Committee of Conference was amended by
adding the word " militia," so as to include reg-
ulars, volunteers, and militia.
RAILROADS IN ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I rise for the purpose of
giving notice, that on next Monday I shall ask
the Senate to take up for consideration the bill
from the House of Representatives, " granting
' the right of way, and making a grant of land to
' the States of Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in
' the construction of a railroad from a point on
' the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the Ohio
' river, via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary,
' near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to Fort
' Smith and the Mississippi river."
I avail myself of tbis opportunity to give this
notice, in order that when I move to take up that
bill, there cannot be any objection made that Sen-
ators have been taken by surprise, and in order
that Senators may then be ready to offer their
amendments, if any are to be offered, as there may
be from different sources. Having given this no-
tice, I now call for the order of the day.
COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the unfinished business of yesterday, which is the
joint resolution declaratory of the views of the
United States respecting colonization on the North
American continent by European Powers, and
respecting the Island of Cuba.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will be passed over,
for the purpose of taking up the Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. HALE. -The honorable Senator from
Michigan had a resolution adopted to-day, calling
upon the Committee on Foreign Relations to make
certain inquiries in regard to this matter, and I
presume, therefore, there can be no objection to
the reference of this joint resolution.
Mr. RUSK. I prefer that this resolution should
be passed over.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
it will be passed over.
Mr. HALE. There is objection. I want to
vote upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My colleague has moved
to refer this joint resolution with certain instruc-
tions; and I presume the first question will be on
that motion. I have no wish to debate that.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to postpone the further
consideration of this joint resolution until this day
week.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that thattnotion
will prevail, so that my colleague, who is now
unwell, may be in his seat.
The motion was agreed to.
1 RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
! The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill "authorizing
'the construction of a railroad and branches, for
' establishing a certain postal communication be-
' tween the shores of the Pacific and Atlantic within
' the United States, for the protection and facilities
' of travel and commerce, and for the necessary
'defenses of the country."
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Chase, to strike out all of the first
section •after the word " railroad," and insert in
lieu thereof the words:
'• From San Francisco, in California, by the most direct
. and feasible route, to some point on the Missouri river, not
below Independence, in Missouri, nor above Kanesville, in
Iowa."
The words proposed to be stricken out are:
" From a point on Red river, at or near the southwest cor-
ner of Arkansas, on the most direct and feasible route, and
if practicable, with a branch to the Gulf coast and through
the State of Texas, to a pointon the eastern boundary of the
State of California, and from points on the western bound-
ary of Missouri and Iowa, (not within the limits of any
existing State,) on the most direct and feasible route to in-
tersect said road, running from Red river as aforesaid to the
eastern boundary of the State of California, \vith a track
departing from this line at some point west of the Sierra
Nevada, or Rocky Mountains, and running on the most di-
rect and feasible route, to some safe and commodious har-
bor in the Territory of Oregon, which shall be at all times
accessible to the largest class of sea-going vessels naviga-
ting the Pacific ocean."
Mr. BORLAND. I did not expect that this
subject would be taken up to-day. A very im-
portant question—perhaps one of the most import-
ant connected with the subject, and one upon
which there will probably be the greatest differ-
ence of opinion—is raised by the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio. I do not think that the
Senate was looking to the question, or expecting
that the subject would come up in this form to-
, day; and I doubt whether the mind of the Senate
is even now directed to the fact that the most
important practical question involved in the bill is
presented in the proposed amendment. I have,
perhaps, a good deal to say upon that subject—
certainly something; and I should be very sorry
to be compelled to go on with my remarks now,
because I am not prepared with papers, with maps,
and the facts which I would draw from them, to
offer opposition to this proposition. I hope, there-
] fore, if we can do so, we shall pass to the consid-
eration of some other point, and let this amend-
ment be postponed for the present. I hope the
Senator frqm Ohio will agree to that; and 1 hope
the Senator from California will also agree with
me in this.
Mr. CHASE. I concur entirely with what has
been said by the Senator from Arkansas in regard
to the importance of this amendment, and I should
be exceedingly averse to have him forced into any
discussion of this subject at a time when he was
unprepared; and I am, therefore, quite willing to
acquiesce in his suggestion that the amendment
! should be passed over informally for the present,
and that the Senate should proceed to the discus-
sion of other points connected with the bill.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me that this course is
entirely wrong. We have taken up this bill, and
! gone on to discuss it, because we want the views
of Senators upon it, and we have refused to refer
it to any committee for the reason that we wanted
the Select Committee which has been raised upon
another similar bill to be guided in their action by
the discussion in the Senate. Now the first mo-
ment a practical proposition comes up that looks
to the characteristics of the road, it is proposed to
pass it by. When shall we get a better time than
now? If the honorable Senator from California
means to have his bill considered, he will never
get a better time than this moment, and if it is to
Be put out of the way under the supposition that
he will get a better time, he will find himself mis-
taken.
Mr. GWIN. I am not for putting the bill of!'.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the question ;
Mr. CHASE. The question is on the amend-
ment which I have had the honor to offer. Upon
that the Senator from Arkansas, who represents
a State deeply interested in that question, desires
an opportunity of presenting his views; and I con-
ceive it to be due to him, and to be in accordance
with the courtesy which has always characterized
the action of this body, to acquiesce in his wish,
that this amendment should be passed by infor-
mally. That will not postpone the general consid-
