1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
eration el the bill; but we can proceed to discuss
<uiy othfr matters which may arise upon it. I
hope the consent of the Senate will be given to
pursue tHis course. m
Mr. G\\ IN. I do not look upon this amend-
ment as \ery important, because I do not think it
can prevail, and I think that the test question in
regard t > this bill is, whether or not there shall be
any terminus named in it. [ am willing for one
to pass over this amendment, because we can pro-
gress with the lull in other points, and bypassing
this over we shall not obstruct our progress in the
future. I think the test question will be on-another
point, ,u; I I do not l eliove this amendment can
prevail.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish to say that I spoke
of this as the most important practical question
connected with the bill, because it proposes to fix
a point. That is the very question, and, in my
opinion, it is a vital one with regard to this bill.
Mr. RUSK. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio, that if he wishes to accommo-
date the honorable Senator from Arkansas, he had
better withdraw the amendment. He can offer it
again at another time.
.Mr. CHASE. I do not think there can be any
objection to passing by the amendment informally.
Mr. CADGER. I hope unanimous consent
will be given to pursue that course.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator who has the bill
in charge wants me to withdraw my objection, 1
shall do so, but it is against my judgment, and I
think it is suicidal to his bill.
Mr. BROOKE. [ object to passing by the
amendment. I have no idea it will get half a
dozen votes, and I want to settle it at once.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question will be
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I made
some remarks the other day upon the subject of
this amendment, and I think I know the object of
my f.'ierd. from Arkansas; and I really wish to
hear him upon the subject, if there is any danger
that this amendment will be adopted as proposed
by the Senator from Ohio. If we can get a vote,
and if it is very certain that the amendment will
be defeated, I should be willing to act upon it now,
without hearing the speech of my friend from
Arkansas. But 1 apprehend that he will not only
attack the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
but that he will also, after wiiat passed the other
day, attack the argument which I made in be-
half of a certain point, to wit: the mouth of the
Ohio as being the proper place from which the
road should go westward, or as near the same par-
allel of latitude as practicable, and which would
take it to San Francisco, that city and the mouth
of the Ohio both being near the same latitude.
Mr. BORLAND. So far from attacking the
argument made by the Senator from Kentucky
the other day, I shall, without attempting a new
one, adopt his argument in support of my own
views, but starting upon another state of facts. I
shall adopt his course of argument precisely, for
to my mmd it was conclusive; but I shall start
from different premises, and from what I think
are the well-ascertained and established facts of
the case.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thank the gentleman
cordially for the compliment he has paid me, but
my object in rising now, is to give facts to which I
wish to call his attention, and which I have lately
received. From the conference which I had with
him, I believe that his object is the same as mine—
to select the highest navigable point on the Missis-
sippi which is practicable, for the eastern terminus
of this road. I will read a communication which
I have received from a gentleman who has been
engaged twenty years in navigating that river—
my late colleague upon this floor; and I wish to
submit the facts contained in the paper which I
hold in my hands, and which I have received from
him, that they may have their due weight with
the Senate. His letter is as follows:
Washington City, January 27, 1853.
De r Sm: I take great pleasure in complying with your
rei|iiest of yesterday, to be furnished with a comparative
-■tatemf nr, -bowing the depth of wnteron "onie of the shoal
fit bar- in the river, between the mouth of the
Ohio, ami Uje city of Memphis, rind below that city, as
evinced by -oundmgs made by me during a season of very
iovv water. ft may be proper for me to inform you, that
these reeiilts are taken from memoranda made by me at
the time of executing the work, but that the date, as well as
'he names of the two la-t points given, have become so
much obliterated a* to render them uncertain ; but I feel
confident that the soundings were executed between the
years 1832 and 1840, and that these two last points are below
Memphis.
At island No. 18,1 found four and a half feet water: at
island No. 21 „I found four and one fourth; at island No. 34,
I found four and three fourths, and at the head of I'luin
Point ben4, I found live feet. All of thesu [daces are above
Memphis, and are selected because affording less water than
any others. At President's Island, wluch is immediately
beiow Memphis, I found live feet ivater, and at two other
places—the names of which are obliterated—I found live and
a half, and live and three quarters, respectively ; thus show-
ing that, m tunes of low water, the shoal bars below Mem-
phis do not afford a largely greater depth of water than is
to be found between that city and the mouth of the Ohio.
I ndecd,fiom ail experience of more than twenty years m
the navigation of the Mississippi, I tlunk 1 may safely say,
that the difference m the depth of water afforded between
the luomh ot the Oyio and Memphis, and that afforded
below that city, is not more than one foot in favor of the
latter, anil that it is never less than four feet, and very rarely,
indeed, less than six, at any point below the moutii of the
Ohio.
1 have experienced but little difficulty in navigating the
Mississippi below the mouth of the Ohio, arising from ice,
and that difficulty is usually of but short duration, and very
rarely amounts to an entire obstruction.
The only streams entering the Mississippi, between the
mouth of the Ohio and Memphis, so far as 1 recollect, are
the Big and Little Obine, the Forkadeer, the Hatchee, and
Woolf rivers; the last of which enters immediately at Mem-
phis. And I presume that all of these streams would not
afford a greater amount of water than would be sufficient
to supply the usual evaporation which takes place, and the
absorption of the sand bars, and hence could not give any
considerable accession ot' water below their mouths.
Hoping that you will find in the foregoing, a full reply to
your interrogatories, I subscribe myself, respectfully yours,
&c., D. MERIWETHER.
lion. J. R. Underwood, Washington City.
P. S. All the islands in the Mississippi are numbered
from the mouth of the Ohio downwards, commencing at
No. 1, a few miles below the mouth.
D. MERIWETHER.
Mr. DAVIS. Is he a steamboat man r
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes,sir. Hehasbeen
twenty years upon the Mississippi river. I con-
sider these facts as of great importance, and I thus
early bring them to the attention of the Senate, so j
that the gentlemen who are deeply interested, as I
am, in the subject, may turn their minds to them, i
You thus see that the difference between the Mis- 1
sissippi river, below and above Memphis, as far as
the mouth of the Ohio, cannot exceed twelve
inches in depth-, and generally the difference will
not be that much. It also appears that more than
four feet of water may be found at all times be-
tween Memphis an d the mouth of the Ohio. Four
feet of water gives sufficient draught to bring
boats of large size from New Orleans to the mouth
of the Ohio at all seasons. Boats of less magni-
tude, and drawing much less than four feet water,
must be used at low stages of our western rivers,
to ascend the Tennessee, the Cumberland, the
Wabash, the Ohio, the Illinois, the Upper Mis-
sissippi,and the Upper Missouri. Those steamers
which would meet the trade of the Gulf of Mex-
ico and Lower Mississippi, and the California rail-
road at the mouth of the Ohio, with a view to
transport merchandise towards the sources of our
rivers when the waters were low, should draw
from two to tWee feet water only, when loaded, and
hence, for all the commercial purposes which I
mentioned in my argument the other day, the
1 mouth of the Ohio is the place for the eastern ter-
minus of the railroad. During the business part
of the year, the water will generally be found suf-
ficiently deep to enable steamers drawing ten to
fifteen feet water, to ascend from the Gulf to the
mouth of the Ohio. From that point, smaller
steamboats should be used for ascending to the
head of navigation on the various tributary streams
above.
While I am up, allow me to make a correction
of the report of some remarks which I made the
other day. I know that it is almost impossible
for the reporters, in the multitude of things which
come under their attention during the progress of
debates here, to put down with perfect accuracy
what Senators say; and not having looked at these
remarks before they were published, and the mis-
take being of such a character as to present me to
my constituents in an attitude which I do not
wish to occupy, I beg leave to correct the report.
I beg to read two sentences which appear in the
report:
"You can .i«eend the Ohio to Pittsburg; you can branch
away and reach Paducah, and go up the Tennessee to the
falls, twelve miles, and reach Florence. You can go up
the Cumberland river to Cumberland, passing Nashville,
and when at a little distance above that, at Charlottetown,
you can turn to the left and go to Terre Haute, by ascend-
ing the VVabash."
My remarks as thus reported, place the falls in
the Tennessee river twelve miles above its mouth.
They represent the Wabash as running into the
Cumberland, across the Ohio above Nashville,
and they make a town above Nashville, called
Charlottetown, of which 1 never heard. I believe
I used every word contained in those two senten-
ces, in my remarks, except the word " Charlotte-
town," but by the collocation and transposition of
them, they are made to mean an entirely different
thing trom what 1 said, and to represent what is
geographically absurd. I said that in ascending
the Ohio to Pittsburg, you could pass the falls of
the Ohio, and that twelve miles from the mouth of
the Tennessee, you could reach the Cumberland,
and turn up that river to Nashville. I did not lo-
late the falls twelve miles from the mouth of the
Tennessee^ I said,besides, that at Shawneetown,
instead of'Charlottetown, you could turn to the
left, and ascend the Wabash to Terre Haute.
Having made this correction, and laid this in-
formation before the Senate, I beg leave to say one '
thing more, that in the reports of our remarks it is
very desirable to have the notes furnished us, so
that we may correct them before these mistakes
appear; for unless that be done, it may be too late,
because when they get into the Congressional
Globe, they become a part of the archives of the
country in one sense, and we may be placed in a
false position, withouthaving a chance, perhaps, of
putting ourselves right.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I regard the
amendment submitted by the Senator from Ohio
as very important in view of the frame of this bill.
It proposes to fix the terminus of the road, and of
one road only, somewhere on the Missouri river,
between Independence, the westernmost town in
Missouri, and Kanesville, Iowa. If that propo-
sition- prevails, it will be destructive to the bill.
The bill is predicated upon the idea that the road
is to be made by public lands, and that the branches
are to be made in the same way. If you make a
grantofland of forty miles in width, and on either
side, you cut off all connection with any branches
. to be made in the same way.
The bill contemplates forming a connection with
the system of railroads on the eastern side of the
Mississippi, and to furnish to the branches termini
in connection with that system; but if this amend-
ment prevail, and you make a single road, appro-
priating the lands forty miles in width, without
making any provision for the branches, every
system of eastern railroads, if not in immediate
connection with the main road, will be cut off. It
will thus be seen at once that if provision be not
made for passing through the territory of the United
States beyond the boundary of the States, and you
make the terminus on the Missouri river, every
system of roads south of that will depend upon
Missouri and Iowa for permission to form a con-
nection with the road. Thus, if you pass a bill
making but one road, to be built by public lands,
and make no provision for branches, you disable
the States, or the companies that may have already
made roads, from forming any connection with
the main trunk. It becomes important, therefore,
if these roads are to be built out of the proceeds
of public lands, or by a grant of lands, that pro-
vision should be made for every branch that may be
necessary to connect the main trunk with the sys-
tem of roads on the east side of the Mississippi.
The bill is defective in some particulars; but, at
all events, it will require some more legislation be-
fore we can proceed on the plan proposed. It will
be remembered that it is proposed to make these
roads through the Indian country—through lands
belonging to some tribes of Indians who have a
guarantee of perpetuity, and it becomes necessary
in the first place to extinguish the Indian title,
and to get some right to transfer those lands, and
not burden those who may undertake to make the
road with the extinguishment of the right of pos-
session or occupancy held by these Indians.
I have now a few words to say to those gentle-
men who propose to fix the terminus. The hon-
| orable Senator from Kentucky'proposes to fix it
i at the mouth of the Ohio. If this railroad is ever
built from the frontier States of the West to the
Pacific, it must be put in connection with some
means for the transportation of the material.
Eighty tons of iron per mile at least will be re-
quired according to this bill; and to take a point
opposite the mouth of the Ohio, not connected
with any means of transportation to the point at
which this road is to be commenced, is to charge
