424   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. Jan. 27,
tioned by the honorable Senator from Missouri of j one is practicable. I do not believe, for myself, I1 The SPEAKER. The first business in order
the necessity of some connection with the route ! , that a grant of land is the best method of building ! is the reception of reports from the Committee on
by which can betransported the iron necessary to ! the road. I think it is less available and perhaps Ways and Means.
be laid down on this road. much more expensive than building it by some Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. 1 ask the unani-
I regret to hear so much about impracticable other sort of means. But the discussion on this mous consent of the House to take from the Speak-
scheines—so much about " if this road could ever bill is for the purpose of eliciting gentlemen's er's table the following Senate bill:
be built;" and long calculations made as to the opinions. How shall we members of the Select An act (No. 508) for the settlement of a cer-
time which it will take to build it. Sir, the road Committee ever come to any conclusion unless tain class of private land claims within the limits
can be built, and it can be built promptly. we hear an expression of the opinions of the of the D'Auterive claim, and for allowing pre-
Mr. BADliLR. And it must be built. Senate? How shall we adopt a practical plan, emption to certain purchasers and actual settlers
Mr. RUSK. I hope so. I wish 1 had the unless we find some general points laid down? We in the event of the final adjudication of the title of
power of using language that strong. 1 believe must discuss these matters. We cannot bring said D'Auterive in favor of the United States, and
that in building this road, I should be doing the anything in here which will not be discussed, for other purposes.
greatest possible service to the country. In the Why not, then, just as well go on with the ex- Mr. STANLY. I object, if it is to come out
first place, the construction of this road will more change of opinion on this subject? We shall be of the morning hour.
than double your domestic commerce. It will able to report in a very short time, and we shall Mr. MOORE. I hope the gentleman will with-
bring into existence a vast deal of industry and do so just as promptly as we can. When we draw the objection. I only desire to take it up for
enterprise that without it will not be developed, dp a good thing [ do not want it to be forgotten,and the purpose of reference.
It will advance the intercourse between you and therefore I wish to say that we have worked hard. Mr. STANLY. If that is the object, I will
your important possessions on the Pacific ocean. , We shall have a good deal to do, and we shall withdraw the objection.
It will make them have the same attachment for report in a few days to the Senate; but we wish, Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I renew the objec-
you that the people in the immediate vicinity of in the mean time, to have the guidance of opin- tion, if it is to come out of the morning hour, and
the capital have; and without it you cannot ex- ions which may be expressed from all quarters. I give notice, that from this time out 1'shall object
pect to hold their affections. It will save millions Mr. BADGER. I agree, sir, in almost every to all business other than the regular order during
upon millions of capital now going out, and being word that has fallen from my friend from Texas, the morning hour. °
invested in making communications with Cali- 1 believe that this road is of high importance to Mr. WILDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
fornia through foreign countries and through ter- the whole country, and that some available plan rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the fol-
ritories that do not belong to us, diverting our ought to be, without any unnecessary delay, lowing bill; which received the signature of the
people, and passing them on through unhealthy adopted, and provision made for its execution by Speaker:
climates. The construction of this road will save the Congress of the United States. I concur with An act for the relief of John W. duiriney, a
hundreds and thousands of lives in that intercourse him that the prompt completion of this road will member of the Stockbridge tribe of Indians.
which necessarily will take place between the At- do more to place us in a position by which, in CALL OF COMMITTEES FOR REPORTS
r ,1 any possible adverse circumstances that may arise, Mr. PHELPS, under the instructions of the
hli^n hi , h 1 18 per ec ly Pr?,ctlca- y fa11 beabe t0 defend at once the interest and Committee on Ways and Means, reported a bill
7 v Vh 1,1 myt0p"U,?n' y-°" the honor of the country, than all the filibustering I making appropriations for the transportation of
J .t .  f?l Tre T P? """ ®Peeches that uha™be«? made, or can be made, I the United States mad by ocean steamers and
tms country in a state of defense and guaranteeing from now till the end of the century. otherwise for thefiqoil vpar endino- Tone 3D IS'ii-
dXradoLyvouCmav°mba!rfeaI1 tr'tle-reso'ut.ions anf, 1 belieV' Mr" Presi<t«it,  the truth of the re- which was read a first and seconddme by it's title!
known rnliyforP^7rT^nmin, V ^i made many years ago, by one of the greatest referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
known to all foreign Governments as to ourselves, men who has ever adorned the history of this state of the Union, and with the accomnanvina-
and perhaps a little better known to them than to country—I mean the late Alexander Hamilton— documents, ordered to be printed.
countrv—that real firmn'ess is good for everything,and that Mr. HOUSTON, under instructions of the
it to defpnd Lrwlvpq nmimi e enoug in bluster is good for nothing. I agree, therefore, in same committee, reported a bill making appropri-
mav be 1 • i ' 1™? W, h°norable frrtnd from Texas ati0ns for the service of the Post.Office Depart-
Powers of fhp wnrifl All . com !; has aald' a'^ lf to the execution of this road ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1854;
Powers of the wond. All we need is to concen- were superadded adequate and liberal provision which was read a first and second time bv its title
trate that force at any one point, or at any num- for the increase of the Navy of the United States, referred to the Committee of the Whole on he'
Vwe^al^riru^d ^t'somethin. th t f°r which I am ready at any moment and und^ "a" o? the Union, Zi orf^d u, ^ pled.
it we want peace, let us adopt something that any Administration to vote, and for putting the THF fourth tnstatrmfnt
will tend to preserve it. I am for peace. Peace is Army and the other defenses of the country, in a o^aVt v , u V ^ <• .i.
the mission of this country, and I would go a 1 position of adequate force and availability we n ^ .7TANLY. I have the authority of the
great ways to preserve peace. Our interests and i should do more, in the event of any future contin- C?'T ee ?n V7*/", Meanf,'? rePort, a ,bl11
the interests of mankind and human liberty itself, | gency, which might require of us to speak and to • was introduced by myself during the last
in my opinion, depend a great deal upon peace— I act, to give authority to what we might sav and sessl0n °f Congress, and referred to the Commit-
a peace for this country to develop her immense 11 do, than by all the magnificent speeches that have u® S" yS a d1M^ans- II 13 a bl11 to authorize
resources; and the best plan to secure that peace, ! been delivered here, or in the other end of the Cani- o Secr,eta!7 of, the Treasury to pay to the several
is to have no exposed possessions to tempt an tol, upon the power and grandeur and strength SlaTteS tne,S"rdl lnstal'ment authorized by theact
enemy. At present everybody knows that we 1 and invincibility of this mighty American nation . ,,,■
have such exposed possessions. The world knows of ours. *he Committee on Ways and Means, or the
it; and those possessions are of the most tempting Sir, if in this age of the world we ever necnm members of that committee, there not being a full
kind to the cupidity of other Governments. How plish anything, it is not to be bv speeches or T6'"1-,' dlrected to, reP°rt aga™t the bill. I
long could we defend California after a declaration proclamations, or pronunciamientos, as mv friend ^hank them for that, because it affords me the
or war on our part agamst a strong maritime from Georgia [Mr. DawsonI suggests- Thev do p"v,lesre, of bringing the bill before the House,
Power, or a declaration of war on their part against very well for the region of Mexico but thev do 1 t0 have s.otile actlon upon il" 1 de"
us ? We cannot march troops there; that is ut- not answer for the United States, nor do thev an- ' S"'e therChalr '? examine it, and see whether it
terly out of the question. We do not defend our , swer to affect the great Powers of Europe AVree l, °f necessity go to the Committee of the
own frontier now. Why, at the time I am speak- ing, therefore in the nractical vnlup ifwfcnt ■, Whole on the state of the Union; and after his de-
lng, there are hundreds and thousands of our fel- ' friend from Texas has said, bein? entirelvin ft,™ ' cLslon ' wis1'to submit some remarks upon the bill.
!n7^rr^P0Sedft0;he sca,P- The SPEAKER The Chair wou.J inquire of
: ^rbLx7^\hisTorissetftb]every are"
tionS1to do Th't"rerary h""8 °f 6Ty deSCr'r" Sma11 P°rtion 0f the members 'pay any'atteS Mr" The m' ^ mHtrrd,umlf1 by
tion, to do that, but you have not the means of to the discussion that i<. o-nino 'TV,.™,, me, read a first and second time, and referred to
communication.. Those means will be furnished , Lut two persTns I believeli"tenh"ff now To !'he Committee on Way, and Means during the
by the construction of this road. If it should be ! mv friend from Texas—one was thf^nntor fVnm last sesslon- That committee now authorize me
ride'rfthTuSonTr r?Ve interC°UrSe fr°m this California, and the other warmyself t0 5eP0rt h' whh lhe -commendation that it do
frontier, in five days; andTwouId" then tlkeTu't 1 Mr ' BADGET'ALTo^mor^ihan h If W" was then read through by the Clerk, as
a very short time to ascertain here, at the seat of i. do^n are listening even to me a folIoWS:
Pacifi("coast' ^TeieirranhT11'6^ may exiat on tlie j Mr. HAMLIN and other Senators I am A bl" t0 !'ay fnllrth installment of tho dcposiis of
coast. lelegraphic wires, as a matter of ■ listening m the public money, directed to be made under die pim-^ions
course, will follow this road, and we shall be able 'i Mr R 4 nr I7D tt i i. • ofthc act nf23rt June, 1836, to thoseveral Statca entitled to
to communicate with California and our extend 1 f' UAU,uhK- Under such circumstances, tlie rame, &c.,
Pacific possessions in a f< w mnm^nfo o«,? \ \^ W1^h eveiy desire to promote the success of this Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represent!*-
tn Rf>nri the « moments, and be able great work, 1 think it is proper that I should sub- twesoftke United States of America in Congress assembled,
Zyeomanry of the interior to any mit a motion that the ETo nT/rliS Tfiat the Se"etary of the Treasury be, and h« is hereby,'
point that may be necessary, m order to defend Th* mntmn , senate do now adjourn. authorized and directed to deposir, as hereinafter men-
ourselves in case of an attack. if 2^ on agre*d to, and tioned, with those States that received the previous install-
Under these circumstanrp«? oenate adjourned. ments, the fourth installment of the deposits of public money
fhp hnnnrnhlp eana trust that   directed to be made with said States under the provisions
. • . of the Senate will take > II-TTC,n of the thirteenth section ot the act approved the twenty-
)hi& matter into consideration, and that they will HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. third day of June, eighteen hundred and thirty-^ix, in sums
,h0If t^' i1 „ Th—' January 1853- StCafef „a!lWae emitM respec"re,y't0 W,t:
ure that is before us is impracticable, let them poin" | bytt ^ H^pshire!:!:!!!;!!!'!!!;!!!;;!!
impracticability, and show that a better ; The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved. RTo^HaT  %
