1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
ing the object I had in view in submitting the
amentl'iien?, which the Chair has decided to be
out ot' order, 1 move a reduction of the amount
of appropriation ii. the amendment of the gentle-
man from >'orth Carolina, [Mr Ve.vable,] five
dollars.
I desire to avow here, that 1 wash my hands of
this wasteful consumption of the time of this body
and the treasure of the country, in legislating for
the ob|ects contemplated by the amendments under
consideration yesterday and to-day. The idea
that the character of Washington or Jackson can
be affected by them, I deem preposterous. The
fame of these great men has been long since re-
corded upon the ]w ge of history. The record is
made up and will go down to generations yet to
come, unrefuted by anything we can do. I think,
and only speak for myself, that we are belittling
their reputations, (if we affect them in any way,)
and the dignity of our own duties, when we at-
tempt to perpetuate their deeds by the erection of
monuments of wood and stone, and marble and
brick and mortar. We do not add to, but trifle
with their reputations in making these efforts.
But my principal objectisn is, that this practice
is corrupting the taste and judgment of the nation.
It appears to me that the founders of this Govern-
ment had in view the establishment of a Republic
whose fostering care should be extended towards
the elevation of mankind, and the more effectually
to accomplish that end—to promote, and encour-
age, and secure the blessings of peace and the
arts and sciences—they intended this Govern-
ment should promote everything that would tend
to promulgate intelligence, and promote the im-
provement of our fellow-men. The erection of
monuments to commemorate the memory of great
men had its rise in an age when learning—when
the sciences were but little cultivated. They are
not suited to the age in which we live.
In offering the amendment which I presented, I
desired to contrast the character of a civilian—an
advocate of peace—with that of mere military
men. I desired to call attention to their memories, {
and advise the youth of our country to copy their
examples; to strive to attain the reputations which
they possessed. To me, the man who teaches us
to save the lives of our fellow-beings is far more
worthy of our love and admiration than he who
teaches the destruction of mankind. Such are the
men whom I admire. They do more for the
country a thousand times than those who go into
the field of military glory; diverting the popular
sentiment from the arts of peace to those of war
—to the cultivation of a taste which has proven
the grave of all Republics that have gone before
us.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I desire now, in the early part of the
day, to appeal to gentlemen on all sides of the
House that we may be allowed to vote on the
pending amendments, and to pass the bill.
I had occasion this morning to refer to the pro-
ceedings of the Committee of the Whole during
the Twenty-ninth Congress, and I find that at the
short session of that Congress, the Committee of
the Whole, at one sitting, passed half of the ap-
propriation bills. During the short session of the
Thirtieth Congress, the House, on various occa-
sions, resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and passed,with
few amendments, the appropriation bills. The In-
dian appropriation bill, for instance, was not
amended at all. It was read through, and dis-
posed of in less than half an hour. It seems to
me tint we have indeed fallen upon strange times.
The amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina, though a like proposition is contained in
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and
shortly to come up, has been hanging here for one
entire legislative day, to the obstruction of every
other business. Why, sir, if we thus permit the
time of this committee 
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
I think that the gentleman is bound to oppose the
amendment, and not lecture the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON.  I am not lecturing the com-
mittee. The Chair then sustains the point of or-
der under a false view of the facts.
Mr. SWEETSER. I raise another point of
order, that the Chair having decided the gentle-
man to be out of order, he must take his seat, and
! that he cannot proceed without the permission of
the House. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman insists
upon his point of order, the gentleman from Ala-
bama cannot proceed except m order. ,
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to direct my re-
marks to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddings.]
Mr. SWEETSER. I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we make any appropria-
tion at all, the appropriation originally presented
is the right ons, and 1 desire to say, in conclusion,
that I was not lecturing the House. The asser-
tion that I was lecturing the House is not correct,
and the decision of the Chair, consequently, was
based upon a wrong reason. 1 was appealing to
the House to aid me in getting through with the
public business.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gid-
dings's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. SWEETSER. I propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] by increasing the amount five
dollars, and I do it with the view of directing the
attention of the committee for a few minutes to the
issue which 1 shall make with my colleague, in ref-
erence to the propriety of expending public money
in the erection of statues to the departed dead.
There is no man of reflection in this House who
supposes that we can add to the fame of these
great men, that have served their country in times
past. We owe something to our constituents, as
well as to ourselves,and to the generations that will
come after us. With an overflowing Treasury,
in the midst of universal prosperity, I submit to
this committee that we cannot expend the public
money better than in raising statues which shall
perpetuate not only the memory of these men,
but shall point our own citizens and all strangers
who visit this capital to these works of art that
show that we appreciate the services of a Wash-
ington and a Jackson.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order. I
, submit the question, whether the gentleman is
j speaking upon his amendment at all.
Mr. SW EETSER. It is to increase the appro-
priation.
, Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is speaking
as to the propriety of erecting statues, and not
upon the propriety of adding five dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to the amendment, whether the
appropriation should be increased five dollars.
Mr. SWEETSER. The amendment to increase
the appropriation embraces the whole question of
appropriation, and my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] will certainly excuse me from any
lecturing of this House. It has not been my prac-
tice. I desire to appeal to the House in favor of
the whole project of the erection of statues. I
should like to see these appropriations increased
infinitely beyond any proposition that has been
submitted to the House. Erect your statues to
the memory of Washington, Jackson, and the
revolutionary heroes who do not stand as conspic-
uous as Washington and Jackson. Bringforward |
the proposition, and it shall have my vote. I
should like to see these public squares adorned
with public statues so long as we have an over-
flowing Treasury. I will not alarm my friends,
and particularly my friend of the Committee on
Ways and Means, by enlarging upon the subject.
I will engage in no lectures of this House on mat-
ters of taste or judgment touching these appro- j
priations; but when these propositions come for-
ward fairly, let us meet them in the proper spirit
of American citizens, and let us do honor, not only
to ourselves, but the people whom we represent. ,
What man is there who visits Washington, that j
would not be proud of seeing a pedestal in Monu- :
mental square, and a statue in honor of George !
Washington, that should eclipse anything erected
on the face of the globe ?
[Here the hammer fell.] I
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am opposed to this in- j
creaseof statues, and the prosecution of this grand
plan of erecting statuary proposed by my col-
league—the erection of a regiment of bronze
statues upon the public squares of this city, atthe
head of which, I suppose, some future Congress
will place a representation of my colleague, [laugh-
ter,] for I believe him to be a man of military
fame.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope my colleague from
the Western Reserve will be first honored by a
statue.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague is in favor of
the increase of this policy. I am opposed to it.
My judgment and my conscience, as a legislator,
are opposed to it. I speak not forothers. 1 deem
it unworthy of Congress to turn our attention to
the erection of pictures and statues to commemo-
rate the military achievements of those great men
who have gone before us. Let our attention be
directed to national economy, to saving the treas-
ure and the blood which is wasted in war. I would
avoid its horrors and its crimes. Let our money
be expended in the instruction of our youth, the
education of the humble, and the elevation of those
who are poor.
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman cornea
from and represents in part a State that has made
ample provision for all within its borders. We
ask nothing from the National Treasury.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I shall go with my
colleague to collect no more revenue than is neces-
sary to an economical administration of the Gov-
ernment. 1 am too much of a Democrat to.'s iian-
der money drawn from the people in this way,
[laughter;] and if my friend is to join the aristoc-
racy of the nation, and squander the public money
in this manner, let him no more call himself a
Democrat.
A Voice. Read him out.
Mr. GIDDINGS. He will go to the new Ad-
ministration as not belonging to the Democracy.
This money which my colleague proposes to lav-
ish so extravagantly comes from the hands of the
laboring men of this nation ; from the laboring
poor; from those who are destitute even of the
necessaries of life. They toil and work in pov-
erty, that we may erect expensive statues to the
memory of the great and the rich; for we are
all conscious that the whole of our revenue comes
from the laboring portion of the community; from
those who toil for their living. I will not wrench
from the hand of poverty the smallest mite to
i squander in this way. No, sir. My colleague
| may not have the feeling for laboring men which
I possess, but I have been from my youth a
laboring man. I know what it is to labor, and I
never will lend any instrumentality in crushing
the energies of our laboring people in order to
draw money from their pockets to squander in
this manner.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Sweet-
ser's amendment to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Venable, as follows:
" For the purpose ofcompletmgthe pedestal of the eques-
trian statue of Andrew Jackson, in Lafayette Square, and
the erection of a suitable iron railing around the same.
$3,000." '
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee to make a correction of the fol-
■ lowing amendment, adopted last evening:
" For the payment of such sums as may be due to individ-
uals under the act of March 3,18X5, and 9th April, 1816, for
: property destroyed by the burning of the navy yard in the
I city of Washington, in the year 1814. the amount te be as-
certained by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
the sum of $750."
I move to amend it by striking out the words
"9th of April, 1816." The committee will recollect
that this question came up suddenly on yesterday,
and we had no opportunity of examining the law.
I find that the reference in that amendment I pro-
pose to strike out, was improperly made. I de-
sire to correct it, and I presume there will be no
objection.
There being no objection, it was ordered that
the correction be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local inspect-
ors, appointed under an act approved August 30, 1853, for
the better protection of the lives of passengers on steam-
boats, with traveling and <*her expenses incurred by them,
$53,870 50.
That is an item rendered necessary by the law
of the last session of Congress.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have another amendment
which I wish to offer:
