428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
For the payment of tlic balance of the contract for maible
work on the east wing of the Patent Office, when due, in
accordance with said contract, $19,100.
I hold in my hand the estimates of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, who wants §44,000
for the completion of the east wing of the Patent
Office. Upon examination with some gentlemen
yesterday, we learned that $19,100 was now due
under that contract; and without having had occa-
sion torefer it to the Committee on Ways and
Means, I propose this amendment myself. The
reason why I did not offer an amendment covering
the whole §44,000 is this: At th£ last session of
Congress, the proper officers estimated the sum for
the completion of the east wing of the Patent Office
«.t $30,000. After the session had progressed for
some time, they made an estimate for the same
work, at $83,127. And before the bill could pass
in which that appropriation was contained, they
made a very minute and particular estimate to-
wards the close of the session at $103,000.
So that when the proper officers who have that
Patent Office in charge—a building that is four
fifths completed, in the course of twelve months,
estimate, first, that they want $30,000, second,'
$83,000 or more, third, $103,000, for the comple-
tion of that work, it seems to me that their guess-
ing is too bad for this House to rely upon. They
have made those three estimates or guesses. It
now turns out, at this session of Congress, that
they want $44,000 in addition to~ what Congress
gave them. I was willing, upon my own respon-
sibility, to offer this amendment to pay those
workmen who have completed their work; but I
am unwilling to give anything more, until some
proper person shall make a report free from such
errors of the true amount needed.
[The following message was here received from
the Senate, by the hands of Asbury Dickins,
Esq., its Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed a bill and resolu-
tion of the following titles, viz :
S. No. 579. An act to extend to real and mixed actions
the provisions of the thirty-first section of the judiciary act.
S. No. 73. A resolution for the relief of the owners of the
brig Kate Boyd; in which I am directed to ask the concur-
rence of this House.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I understand,
from the remarks of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, that the amendment
he offers is intended to provide only forthe amount
due to the contractors for the marble work upon
the east wing of the Patent Office. Now, sir, I
understand that this amount does not embrace all
that is due and payable for work done on that
building. There are other contractors who have j
been employed in the construction of that edifice,
who have sumS due them, and to pay which there
is no money in the hands of the Commissioner.
I understand the aggregate of debt due for work
done is |29,000, and it is wrong to select one set
of contractors to be provided for, and not include
all others.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky one question. Does he mean
to say that the Commissioner of Public Buildings
has gone on, and expended $29,000 over and
above the appropriation ?
Mr. STANTON. I mean to say this: That
the building was commenced under authority of
an act of Congress; that contracts have been made
for the construction of the edifice pursuant to that
law; and that yearly appropriations have been
made ever since to meet tne obligation of the Gov-
ernment to the contractors. The gentlemen em-
ployed upon the work contracted for the building
of the whole structure, and the appropriation for
the present fiscal year has proved insufficient to
pay them for the work they have done, and com-
plete the building. The work was not stopped at
the moment the funds were exhausted, and it
would have been not only against the interest of
the Government to do so, but disastrous to the
contractors. Besides, such is not the usual policy
pursued upon our public works.
The Commissioner of Public Buildings has fur-
nished the Committee on Ways and Means with
the estimate of amount needed to pay what is act-
ually due for work done, and the sum necessary
to finish and complete the building. The whole
amount required is *44,000, an(j of this sl)m
$29,000 is required to pay the claims now due. I
have'in my hand a letter from the Commissioner,
in which he explains the necessity for the addi-
tional sum of $15,000. That amount, it seems, is
necessary to complete the work, make the steps,
iron fences, flag flooring, &c., so as to render the
structure suitable for the occupancy of the public
officers.
I kftow nothing of the various discrepant esti-
mates submitted to the chairman of Ways and
Means by the Commissioner. It maybe that the
honorable gentleman does not fully understand
them. I presume that the Commissioner origin-
ally estimated for the cost of the main body of
the structure—the mere building, without the por-
tico, or other improvements necessary to complete
it. Afterwards they were increased to provide for
the portico, &c. This may be the reason of the
apparent incongruity in the various estimates of
that officer, and which the gentleman makes the
ground of objection to the present estimate for de-
ficiency in the appropriation for that structure.
But I do not wish to be responsible for the esti-
mates of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
His expenditures are open to inspection, and if he
is unfaithful in the discharge of his trust, there are
abundant means of ascertaining it. Without
knowing this fact, certainly we ought not to reject
appropriations which are needed, simply because
they are asked for by him. One thing is certain,
$29,000 are due the contractors on the Patent Of-
fice, and $15,000 more will be required to finish
and complete the building. I move, therefore,
to amend the amendment by striking out all after
the word " to," and inserting the following:
Supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the comple-
tion of the east wing ot'llie Patent Office Building, the sura
of $44,000.
This restores the estimate of the Commissioner,
sent to the House by the Secretaiy of the Interior,
and referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to correct one state-
ment of the gentleman. Here is the letter of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, containing the
estimates sent in last session, in which he says
that $103,000 is made necessary, because of the
portico which the gentleman speaks of.
Mr. STANTON. It only confirms my con-
jecture in relation to the estimates. I supposed the
original estimate was confined to the main build-
ing, and that it was subsequently increased by the
Commissioner, in order to cover the portico.
Mr. HOUSTON. Last year's estimate for
completiog the work was $103,000, and now he
wants $44,000 more.
Mr. STANTON. The portico alone, which is
the most excellent specimen of work in the city,
cost over $50,000.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended, and .being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
For deficiency in the appropriations heretofore made to
the Bureau of Topographical Engineers, $314 30, to enable
said bureau to pay to Edward Averil an account due him.
not exceeding that sum.
That is a very small sum, only $314 30. It is
to enable the Bureau of Topographical Engineers
to pay .Averil an account of that amount. I have
two letters from the bureau, showing the amount
to be due. If anyone desires it, I will send them
up to the Clerk's desk to be read.
[Cries of "Oh, no!"]
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For carrying into effect the resolution of Oonsrese of the
8th August, A. D., 1786, which reads as follows, viz:
" Resolved, That a monument be erected to the memory
of the Hon. Nathanael Greene, at the scat of the Federal
Government, with the following inscription: 'Sacred to
the memory of the Hon. Vathanael Greene, who departed
this life the 19th of June, 17b6; late Major General m the
service of the United States, and commander of the army
in the southern department. The United States, in Con-
gress assembled, in honor of his patriotism, valor, and ahil
ity, have erected this monument" *'—
Twenty-five thousand dollars, to bo expended under the
direction of the President of the United States
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit whether
that amendment is in order or not.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is to carry into effect a
resolution of Congress passed six!y-te\eit years
ago.
Mr. JONES. There is no law authorizing it.
It is no deficiency.
• Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether the $25,000 appropriated in
that joint resolution have ever been drawn from
the Treasury ?
Mr. TAYLOR. The resolution made r.o ap-
propriation of money. I propose to appropriate
$25,000 to carry the resolution into effect.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, I raise this ques-
tion of order, that this is no deficiency, for there
has been no appropriation which has been ex-
hausted. It is clearly no deficiency, and there-
fore is not in order as an amendment to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that under the 81st rule, the amendment is not in
order. The language of that rule is as follows:
" 81. No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment there-
to, for any expenditure not previously authorized by law,
unless in continuation of appropriations for such public
works and objects as are already in progress, and for the
contingencies for carrying on the several Departments of
the Government."
Now this monument has not been commenced.
Mr. TAYLOR. Nevertheless it is'authorized
by law, and whatever Congress has resolved to
do, ought to be carried out, as in the case of the
equestrian statue of Washington provided for the
other day. No appropriation has yet been made
under that resolution, and I think it ought to be
done.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. TAYLOR. I do; and I desire to make a
few remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
cannot do that, for the appeal is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Taylor] proposes an amendment making
an appropriation of $25,000 to erect a statue to
General Greene. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. H ouston] raises the point of order that such
an amendment is not in order to this bill. The
Chair sustains the point of order, and from that
decision of the Chair the gentleman from Ohio
appeals. The question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
Mr. ORR. Upon thatquestion I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smart and
Ashe were appointed.
Mr. TAYLOR. Would it be in order to have
the resolution of Congress upon which this amend-
ment is based read ?
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done by unan-
I imous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. It is objected to, and
therefore the resolution cannot be read at this
stage of the proceedings.
The question was then taken on the appeal, and
, the tellers reported—ayes 105, noes 35.
| So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
j the judgment of the committee, and the amend-.
ment ruled out of order.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am instructed
i by the Committee on Ways and Means to offer
; he following amendment:
For compensation of the Acting Secretary of the Terri-
tory ofUtah,from 14th October, 1851,to,26th October, 1852,
$1,859 16.
It will be recollected byjthe House, that prepar-
atory to the organization of the Territory of Utah,
as in the case of New Mexico, a Secretary was
appointed, and sent out there. He did not enter
upon the discharge of his duties, but returned
here. Under these circumstances, the Governor,
who had been appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate, appointed a secretary to
act in the absence of the one sent out by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The Secretary of
the Treasury and the First Comptroller of the
Treasury report to the House that that acting sec-
retary cannot be paid, unless an act is passed for
that purpose. They recommend the passage of
one. so that his accounts maybe paid, and this
amendment is intended for that purpose. There
was a similar one passed last session, providing
for the payment of the Acting Secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico. If the committee de-
sire it, I will send to the table and have read the
letter of Mr. Whittlesey.
Several Members. It is not necessary.
