430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 27,
Mr. LETCHER. Has he never applied for
the money before?
Mr. PHELPS. The accounting; officer certifies
that he has made application for it, and it would
have been paid to him but for the fact that there was
no appropriation, out of which it could be paid,
for we have directed that no part of the Chickasaw
fund shall be applied to the payment of any claim
for services connected with these lands.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to ask the gentleman
before he proceeds further, what is the name of
this clerk?
Mr. PHELPS. Joseph S. Wilson.
Mr. DUNHAM. Well, sir, that clerk, I be-
lieve, has received about $1,800 per annum all this
time, besides.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that from the
very nature of this claim, and the manner in which
it is brought in here, we ought not to allow it to
pass at this time. This clerk comes here and
claims pay from the 23d of March, 1837, up to
the present time. Now, it appears tome that if
this had been a just claim—if he were really enti-
tled to it—it would have been allowed before this
time. Why did he not come here when we were
increasing the salaries of the clerks in the Depart-
ments, during the last session of Congress, and
claim compensation for his services during this
time? He has been in the receiptof atleast§l,800
all the time from the Government, and his com-
pensation for his services in this capacity has not,
as I understand, been asked for.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow me
to read from the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs in relation to this case ?
Mr. LETCHER. What is the date of the re-
port ?
Mr. PHELPS. It is September 25, 1852. I
will read from the report:
" Tn compliance with your direction for a report, I have
the honor to state, that all the material facts m reference to
the employment and services of Mr. Wilson, as one of the
clerks rharged with the duty of attending to Chickasaw
business, are correctly set forth in his letter, and that I
should have no hesitation in recommending the payment in
the account as presented by him, provided there were funds
at rho disposal of the Department applicable to the purpose. J
By the ninth section of the Indian appropriation act, ap- j
proved February 27, 1851, it is provided that further pay- j
ments our of the Chickasaw fund shall not be made to any
clerk or clerks in any of the executive offices. If this law j
shall be held to prohibit the payment of Mr. Wilson's claim
out of that fund, it cannot, I apprehend, be paid without
lurther legislation.
'• The letter and accompanying papers are herewith re-
turned."
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment offered by the gentleman from |
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] and it was not agreed to. j
Mr. WILCOX. I offer an amendment,^which
I send to the Clerk's table.
The amendment was read, as follows:
 1nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to settle the
claim of Richard Mott, while an extra clerk in the office of
the Commissary General of Subsistence, on principles of
equity and justice, and with reference to the lowest grade of
salary paid during said time, by law, to any clerk in any of
the Executive Departments, and the amount due to said
claimant be paid out of any money in the Treasury not .
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order
upon that amendment. I understand the amend-
ment to provide for a private claim merely, and
not for a bailee due to that officer, which was
left unprovided for in some act applicable to him.
It is not a deficiency under some former act, but
a mere private claim, which he is now setting up,
for compensation. It is not, therefore, in order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman is right
in his statement of facts, the Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. STANLY. I offer the following amend-
ment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Jind be it Jurther enacted, That the same compensation
be allowed to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and ma-
rines of the United States Navy, and to the officers and
men of the revenue service, who served in the Pacific
ocean on the coast of California and Mexico, before the 98th
of September, 1850, the same increase, or additional com-
pensation as has been directed bv the act of August 31,
1X52, to be paid the officers, petty officers, seamen and ma-
rines who served on said coast since the said 28th Septem-
ber.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of
order upon that amendment.
Mr. STANLY. I hope my friend from Yir-1
ginia will hear me, before he raises his point of
order. I
Mr. McMULLIN. I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, as
being a proposition to increase the salaries of cer-
tain officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines of
the United States Navy, and in the revenue ser-
vice, and that it does not provide for supplying
any deficiency which now exists under any exist-
ing law, and it is not, therefore, in order as an
amendment to the deficiency bill.
Mr. STANLY. If my friend wili hear my
statement, and then insist upon his point, I will
yield.
Mr. BROWN. Let the gentleman make his
statement.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will present a point, and
the gentleman may speak to it if he desires. This
amendment does not provide for a deficiency.
There is no law authorizing that appropriation;
and there never was an appropriation made for it
as I understand; hence his amendment is not in
order.
Mr. STANLY. I think it is, for this reason, if
the gentleman from Alabama will allow me to ex-
plain: In the act of August 31, 1852, there was
a clause giving to the officers of the Navy who
served in California since the 30th of September,
1850, additional compensation. This amendment
is to remedy the defect in that law, and to give to
those officers, petty officers, seamen, and marines,
who served in the Pacific ocean, on the coast of
California and Mexico , before the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1850, the same additional compensation as has
been paid to those who served since that period.
And why should any distinction be made ? Those
who served before the 30th of September, 1850,
fought as hard, and behaved as gallantly as those
who served afterwards. As I am informed by a
Senator, it was an oversight when the bill was
passed last year, and it is one to which I wish to
call the attention of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I insist, Mr. Chairman,upon
my point of order, that there has been no appro-
priation for the purpose stated in the bill, for the
period of time therein mentioned, and as a matter
of course, it cannot be a deficiency.
Mr. STANLY. There was an appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. But not for the period of
time specified in your amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I would refer the gentleman
to the provision in the naval appropriation bill, the
object of which was to place the officers engaged
in the naval and marine service upon precisely the
same footing upon which the officers who served in
California and Oregon had baen placed.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I insist upon
' my point of order.
1 The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion,
inasmuch as this amendment proposes to provide
for the payment of a class of officers who have
not been provided for by any law heretofore, the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. STANLY. I submit.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now propose to lay this
bill aside, and take up House bill No. 336.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. STANLY. I have another amendment to
offer.
It was read, as follows:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That hereafter no books shall
be distributed to members of Congress, except such as are
ordered to be printed as public documents by the Congress
of which they are members.
Mr. STANLY said: I offered an amendment
yesterday, or the day before, to furnish books to
those members of this Congress who have not
already been supplied, and I stated then that I
wanted to offer another amendment to prevent the
abuse in future. The books which each member
receives amount in value to about $900.
Mr. Chairman, this is a great and a growing
abuse. Now, if these books were retained by
members while they are members even, they might
aid us in the discharge of our duties, but there
are not many, I am afraid, who trouble them-
selves in searching these old documents. But we
know the fact, and I am sorry it is so, that books
have been sold by members of Congress; these
very books received by them from the House of
Representatives of the United States.
Now, sir, that is a great abuse, and it is doing
harm to a Republican Government. It will lessen
our standing and the dignity of the House of
Representatives with the people of this Union,
when those faets shall be known generally, as
they are now already known. It is time the
abuse was corrected; and let Congress adopt a
resolution to distribute, in future, these books to
each Congressional district. How does the pres-
ent system work? Some members from the South
come here and serve a tong period. I remember
one case of that sort, where a member (Mr. Lewis
Williams) served twenty-five years from the same
district. His district, of course, in that time re-
ceived only one set of these books. But how is it
with our brethren from the North and West,
where they change their Representatives every two
years, by a sort of common law ? Why', sir, they
get ten or twenty libraries to our one. That is the
practical operation of the system.
But another thing: A member receives his books
here, carries them home, puts them into his li-
brary, and in'a few years he dies. His adminis-
trator finds these books in the library of the de-
ceased, and he is bound by law to consider them
as assets, and sell them as such. He can do noth-
ing else. But he does not sell them at home.
There are few men who desire to purchase a set
of political works which cost eight or nine hun-
dred dollars. What does he do? He sells them
to agents here, who agree to furnish sets formem-
bers. They do furnish them in that manner, and
thereby make large profits. I say it is a crying
abuse, and it ought to be stopped. If my amend-
ment be passed, I think it will be stopped, and,
at least, it will call the attention of the country to
the abuse. I have done my duty in bringing the
matter before the House for its consideration.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the amendment of Mr. Stanly, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now propose to lay aside
this bill, and take up House bill No. 336, making
appropriation for the support of the Army.
Mr. STUART. I submit that it cannot be
done. The House, by an express order, has closed
debate upon this bill, and directed the committee,
after going through with it, to report it to the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan will not interpose an objection, but al-
low us to go on.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Michigan and the gentleman from Vir-
j ginia to let this bill be laid aside by unanimous
consent, and allow us to proceed to the consider-
ation of some other bill, for the reason that if you
go into the House you cannot proceed to business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. STUART. We can pass this bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will remark, that so far
as I am concerned, I have no objection to the
course proposed by the gentlemarufrom Alabama,
if the Army appropriation bill is not the one pro-
posed to be taken up. There will be a special
meeting of the Committee on Military Affairs to-
morrow, and I desire to bring before them some
matters connected with that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly the gentleman
would not expect us to keep the bill waiting,
when two thirds of the session has passed, for a
meeting of the Committee on Military Affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. McMullin, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Chair-
' man (Mr. Brown, of Mississippi) reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
; ularly House bill No. 335, " to supply deficien-
cies in appropriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1853," and had instructed him to re-
port the same to the House, with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
i House, the Clerk will read all the amendments,
and, unless a separate vote is demanded upon
some one of them, the vote will be taken upon all
together.
No objection was made, and the Clerkproceeded
to read the several amendments to the bill, adopted
