1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
in the Committee ot" the Whole on the state of the
Union, as alvwe inserted.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to |
the several amendments upon which a separate
vole was not called for, being amendments Nos. 1,
3. 4, :>, t>, 7, t<, 11, 1 -2, 13, 14, 16, IS, 19, and 20, :
and they were agreed to.
Tue House then proceeded to vote upon the
se>eral amendments upon which a separate vote
hail been called for; and they were disposed of as
follows:
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, called for a separate
vote upow the following amendment, to come in
after the clause of the bill providing for the com-
pletion of the census:
•• i Mit of which the Superintendent of the Census shall be
allowed a compensation at (he rate of 53,000 per annum,
fr-nii Ih" time his salary as Secretary of the Census Board
ceases."
And upon that called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Richardson,
and Stavtos" of Ohio, appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported—23 in the affirmative, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken,and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple
ton. A£he. Uaboock, Barrere, BiMshaus, Bowte, Brenton,
Georae H. Brown. Burrows. Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chandler. Chapman, Clark. Clmgman, Con
per, Cotmian, Cullom, Darby, George T. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dockery. Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Faulkner, Fay, Florence, Freeman, Gamble,
Gailnrd. GiddniES, Gilmore. Goodenow, Goodrich. Green,
Grev, Grow. Haws, Hascall. Haven, Horsford, Howard,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How,
Ives. Jackson,Robert W Johnson, George G King,Kuhns,
Kurtz, Landry, Little, Mann. Martin. Meacham, Miller,
Miner. HenrvD. Moo^e, Morrison, Orr, Andrew Parker,
Peaslee. Penninian. Perkins, Porter, Pre>ton, Price, Reed,
Ross, Schoolcraft, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton. Alexander H. Stephens, Strother, Sutherland, Swcet-
ser. Tavlnr. T ombs. Walbridge, Walsh, Washburn,
Welch, and Yates—92.
N'AYS—Messrs. Averett,David J. Bailey, Bartlett, Beale,
Brass, Breckinridge, Caskie, Clemens, Cobb. Colcock,
John G. Davis. Disney. Dunham, Ficklin, Floyd, Hall,
Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart. Hen-
dricks. Hibbard, Holladav, Houston, Ingersoll. Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy "Jones, Letcher,
Lockhart, Mason, McMullin, McNair, Millson, Molony,
John Moore. Morehead, Murphv, Murray, Nabers, Newton,
Olds, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Phelps, Powell,
Richardson, Robbins. Robie, Russell, Skelton, Benjamin
Stanton. St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart, Thurston, Venable,
WaJlace, Watkins, Wilcox, Wildnck, and Woodward—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETC HER asked for a separate vote upon
agreeing to the following amendment:
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
comply with the resolution of the House of Representatives
passed on the 22d of December. 1852, to pay John S. Lit-
tell per diem and mileage while contesting the seat of John
Robbins, junior, during the Thirty-first Congress, §2,376 ;
to pay Hendrick B. Wright per diem and mileage while
contesting the seat of Henrv Si. Fuller during the Thirty-
second Congress, SI ,939 20 ; to pay John Taliaferro per
diem and mileage while contesting the seat of John P.
Hungerford, during the Twelfth Congress, $2-22."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for a division of
that amendment, and a separate vote upon each
division.
The SPEAKER. The amendment may be di-
vided, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the Chair,
whether, the amendment being entire, and the pre-
vious question being ordered upon it, it is now
divisible? That amendment is not amendable,
and if it be divided, and a vote taken upon the
separate parts, that might amount to a practical
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The 53d rule provides:
" Any member may call for the division of a question,
which shall be divided if it comprehend propositions m
substance so distinct, that one being taken away, a sub-
stantive proposition shall remain for the decision of the
House.*'
The Chair thinks that the fact that it is re-
ported as one amendment by the committee, and
that the previous question has been ordered upon
it, does not change the 53d rule.
Mr. PHELPS. This House has directed that
these men should be paid out of its contingent
fund.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not withdraw my
request.
The question was then taken, and the three
branches of the amendment were severally adopted.
The 10th amendment wm read, as follows:
" For salary of an assistant dragoman and secretary to the 1 \
legation to Turkey, §1 Provided, Thntsaid office be
discontinued on and after the 30th day ot June, 1853."
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to state, that
having made inquiry of the members of the com-
mittee, I am satisfied the amendment is not objec-
tionable.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
The question was taken on the following amend-
ments, and they were severally adopted:
'' For the purpose of completing the pedestal of the eques
tnan statue ot Andrew Jackson, 111 Lafayette square, and
the erection of a suitable iron railing around the same,
$3,000."
"To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the com-
pletion of the east wing of the Patent Oltice building, the
sum of $44,0r0."
" To pay James S. Buckley, for service as keeper of the
Navy Yard Eastern Branch Bridge, from the 4th ot Decem-
ber, 1S4S, to July 1st, ISjO, at S4o0 per annum, $7U8."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, asked for a separate
vote upon the following amendment:
''./ nd be it further enacted, That hereafter no books shall
be distributed to member:- of Congress, except such as are
ordered to be printed as public documents by the Congress
of which they are members."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to. ,
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, requesting the return of House bill No. 477,
to continue half pay to certain widows and or-
phans, for the correction of a clerical error.]
The deficiency bill was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and having been
engrossed, it was read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was second-
ed, and the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the vote by ,
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table. * i
The latter motion was agreed to. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con- 1
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of I
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
consideration of the three or four amendments to
the Military Academy bill, and dispose of them
this evening.
Mr. STANLY. Those two or three amend-
ments require some discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. STANLY. Oh, yes! The gentleman from
Alabama seems to think that these amendments
will be voted down.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think so. I move,
then, as objection has been made to the course I
have indicated, that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. |
Mr. COBB. I ask for the unanimous consent
of the House to move that House bill No. 477,
to continue half pay to certain widows and or-
phans, be returned to the Senate, in compliance
with its request, for the correction of a clerical
error.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon adjourned till to-morrow,
at twelve o'clock, m.
I PETITION, &c.
The following petition and resolution were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. IVES: The petition of A. Cornwall and 122
others, citizens of Jefferson county, New York, foragrant
I of public lands in aid of the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of Niagara, between Lakes Erie and On-
tario, New York.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 28, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
On the motion of Mr. MANGUM, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
requesting copies of correspondence and docu-
ments relative to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and the
territory claimed by the Mosquito Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented three petitions of
registers and receivers of land offices in Arkansas,
praying to be allowed compensation for locating
Choctaw scrip; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
Lenowee county, Michigan, praying a grant of
land for the construction of a ship-canai around
the Falls of Niagara; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of citizens
of Peru township, Ohio, praying a declaration by
Congress that the forcible interference of one na-
tion in the internal affairs of another, is a breach
of the law of nations; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. COOPER. I have been requested to pre-
sent a memorial from the principal merchants and
ship-owners of Philadelphia, praying for a modi-
fication of the fifty-sixth section of the act of
March 2d, 1790, entitled " An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage."
This act, it is alleged, is burdensome upon the
class to which I have referred; and, as far as the
revenues are concerned, if the provision prayed
for by the memorialists were to be made by Con-
gress, it would not certainly depreciate or reduce
their amount. I move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of Henry Miller, a
soldier of the war of 1812, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Ann Davis, praying a
pension, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
USE OF COAL IN THE PUBLIC SERVICE.
Mr. COOPER offered the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the Treasury, War,
and Navy be, and they are hereby, respectively required
to communicate to the Senate the quantity of coal con-
tracted for during the last year by each of the said Depart-
ments, their officers or agents, for the use of all the various
branches of the public service connected with, or under the
control of the said Departments; and that care be taken in
making the said communication to distinguish the* several
kinds of coal, as anthracite, American bituminous, English
bituminous, &c., together with the purposes for which they
■ were severally used.
ALEXANDER RAMSAY.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Interior,
respecting allegations of fraud hy Alexander Ramsay, Su-
perintendent of Indian Affairs, be printed tor the use of the
Senate.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. RUSK. The Select Committee, to which
was referred the bill " for the protection of the
emigrant route and a telegraphic line, and for an
overland mail between the Missouri river and the
settlements in California and Oregon," together
with various other amendments proposing to con-
struct a railroad and telegraph line from the val-
ley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, have
had the same under consideration, and after very
mature deliberation, in which they have consulted,
as far as they could, various members of the Sen-
ate, have instructed me to report an amendment,
in the form of a substitute, for the bill and amend-
ments. The bill, as I have stated, has received
• the deliberate attention of the committee, and the
substitute which I have reported has been sub-
mitted to, examined, and fully approved by the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Douglas,] who reported the bill and amendments
referred to the committee. I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RULIFF VAN BRUNT.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to po tpone the pre-
