THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3*A> Coxgrkss, -Jo Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 29, 1853.
New Series No. 28.
his worthy family, but the committee could not I
find ihe arrant m the charter of their legislative
powers tor converting the public Treasury into
a charitable fund, to be dispensed according to the
sympathies of the members of Congress for the
lime being.
Mr. Norris had chosen the adventurous and
perilous pursuit of a port pilot for his employ-
ment and support; his compensation was fixed;
specified charges were fixed for specified services;
and he sought customers, like all others who seek
a livelihood from serving the public in the various
trades and professions which the wants of society
call into existence. The more employment he
could obtain the more lucrative did his calling be-
come, and the better were the wants of himself
and his family supplied. His superior skill, uni-
form good conduct, and persevering faithfulness,
gained for him the United Slates as a customer;
but upon no other conditions than the payment of
the same charges, for the same services, which
any other customer would have been required to
pay. That this was a desirable customer to Mr.
Sforris, the papers referred to most fully show, as
it was a customer he was always most ready and
cheerful to serve, and always did serve with per-
fect faith and fidelity. In the service of this cus-
tomer he meets with this most sad and fatal mis-
fortune; not, as is even pretended, from any fault
of the United States, or any of their agents, but
by the purest accident.
The committee inquires if there was anything
in the relation between the parties which could
authorize Congress to charge the misfortune of
this worthy man upon the public Treasury ? The
committee could not see that there was. Deeply
as they felt Cor the worthy sufferer, any principle ,
which would authorize relief to him in the form I
proposed, would, as it seemed to them, place upon
the pension list of the country, either in the form
of an annuitant or as the recipient of a gross sum
in advance, as was the proposition in the case,
every employee of the United States, in whatever
office, or under whatever form of engagement serv-
ing, in case of accident amounting to permanent
physical disability.
The committee had noticed the absence of any
precedent for the passage of such a bill; but a very
recent precedent against it must be fresh in the recol-
lections of all the members of the Senate. The case
of the individuals wholly disabled by theaccidental
falling of a staging at the Treasury building, was
referred to. In that case the individuals were here.
Their mutilated limbs were exhibited to the mem-
bers of Congress; and their characters as mechan-
ics of skill and faithfulness, and of worth as citi-
zens, were as strongly certified and supported, as
was that of the worthy pilot in this case; and yet
Congress, acting literally in view of the scene and
subjects of the misfortune, denied its right to charge
the consequences upon the public Treasury. In the
face of this decision of the body, and entertaining,
as they did, opinions in consonance with that de-
cision, the committee found themselves constrained
to recommend that this bill do not pass.
Mr. BAYARD. I assent to the entire doctrine
of the report of Mr. Huntington; and though this
bill proposes a fixed gross sum, instead of an an-
nuity, that does not alter the principle. I am op-
posed to introducing the system of civil pensions
in the United States, and I am not willing to vote
for the first precedent sustaining it. I therefore
ask for the yeas and nays on ordering the bill to
be engrossed for a third reading.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. CHARLTON. I do not know the appli-
cant in this case; I never heard of him before; I
never heard of this bill before. "1 honor and ad-
mire very much the vigilance of my friend from
Delaware; but it strikes me that if there ever was
a case presented to Congress in which it should
act for the benefit of an individual, this is that
case; and I only wonder that the sagacity of my
friend from Delaware has not seen that. If this
case were presented to the courts of law as against
an individual, that individual-would be bound to
respond to th« claim upon fixed principles of com-
28
mon law. If a man in the employ ot another,
through the default or neglect of that other, suffers
an injury, cannot he make his employer responsi-
ble in damages? Why, most certainly he can.
What is the principle upon which this bill pro-
poses to pay a certain sum to the applicant ? It
is because of the defect or neglect about a Govern-
ment sliip, through which default or neglect he re-
ceived an injury. Does it not plainly address
itself, not only to our sympathy, but to our jus-
tice? The Governmentis responsible that its ships
shall be in correct order, as much as an individual
would be responsible. If an accident occur on a
railroad to a conductor through the default of a
company, is not that company held responsible?
So that as between individuals, I think there would
be very good ground for the claim.
But, Mr. President, we are not bound here by
any strict rules of law in the settlement of private
claims. We are not a court of law. Every in-
dividual case is an appeal to our justice, to our
sympathy, and to our equity, and I cannot see for
my life why this claimant shouldjiot be entitled to
receive his claim, because one committee has re-
ported against him. Is that any reason why we
should be precluded from passing this bill for his
relief? It strikes me that upon the plainest prin-
ciples of common law, this man is entitled to relief.
Everybody admits that he is a meritorious claim-
ant, so far as his services and character are con-
cerned. I hope the bill will pass. lean see no
possible objection to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not intend to discuss the
bill at all. I thought, however, and I still think,
that the principle of it is wrong 
Mr. BORLAND. I understood, when the
' business of to-day commenced, that no bills were
i to be considered which should give rise to discus-
' sion. A very important bill for two of my con-
1 stituents was laid over upon the single suggestion
that it would be discussed.
! The PRESIDENT. That certainly was the
OTder of the Senate; and if the Senator from Del-
aware makes any objection to this bill, it must be
passed over.
Mr. HALE. I feel bound to object to it, for the
reason that a case just like it from Maine has been
objected to.
The PRESIDENT. Then the bill goes over,
as a matter of course.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it not now too late to make
objection ? The bill is under consideration. Ob-
jection should have been interposed to taking it up
at the commencement of the debate; and, besides
that, the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The PRESIDENT. Perhaps it is too late.
That is a question which the Chair will consider.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to make a suggestion
to the President. He cannot know whether an
objection will be made until it is interposed.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Georgia ad-
vocated the claim, and the order of the Senate does
not apply to advocating, but only to objecting to
claims.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion, that although the objection is rather late, yet,
under the order made by the Senate, the very mo-
ment objection is made, a bill cannot be proceeded
with without the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate; therefore this bill must go over.
WIDOW OF WILLIAM REILLY.
ii Mr. HALE. I wish now to call up a privileged
motion, which I made a few days since, on a pri-
vate bill, for the purpose of enabling the Senator
who introduced it to offer an amendment. It is a
bill for the relief of the widow of William Reilly,
deceased, late a captain in the Fourth Maryland
Regiment of the revolutionary army. The Sen-
i ate, on the yeas and nays, rejected the bill, and I
then made a motion to reconsider, which was laid
over. The Senator who introduced and advocated
the bill desires that it may now be taken up, re-
considered, and placed upon the calendar, so as to
1 give him an opportunity to offer an amendment
I which he thinks will make it palatable to the Sen-
ate. I move to postpone the prior orders for the
purpose of taking up that motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the motion will be entertained.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and
the question came lip, " Shall the bill beengrossed
for a third reading?"
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. It is one which I think obviates
the objection raised by the Senator from Delaware,
and is so simple in its provisions that I think it
may be voted upon as an amendment, and then the
bill can take its place upon the calendar, and Sen-
ators can examine it. The amendment is to strike
out all after the word "army," and insert "half
' pay of a captain from the 18th of October, 1783,
' when the Army of the Revolution was disbanded,
' to the 8th of July, 1824, the date of the decease
' of said William Reilly, deducting therefrom the
'full amount of commutation of $2,400 which
' was paid to said Reilly under the resolution of
'Congress of 22d March, 1782."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will now be
placed upon the calendar in its regular order.
RICHARD MACKALL.
The President announced that the next private
bill on the calendar was one for the relief of Rich-
ard Mackall.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] who reported that case,
is absent. His opinions and mine differ very
widely about the facts and the proof in this case,
and the application of the principles contained in
this bill to the class of cases of the same nature,
generally called the " tobacco claims." I am ut-
terly opposed to the claim as representing a class.
I would not take advantage of the absence of the
Senator from Maryland to speak against the claim,
even if that course were permitted to-day. When
the case comes properly before the Senate, I shall
endeavor to give my reasons why this case, and
those which connect themselves with it, should
not receive the favorable sanction of the Senate.
The bill was passed over.
BANCROFT WOODCOCK.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Ban-
croft Woodcock. It proposes to extend for ten
years the patents granted to him on the 26th of
January, 1832; the 23d of November, 1836; the
14th of June, 1837; and the 31st of January,
1845, for his improvement in the self-sharpening
plow; the question pending being upon the mo-
tion to amend by striking out " ten years," and
inserting " seven years."
Mr. CHASE objected, and the bill was laid
over.
CYRUS H. M'CORMICK.
The bill for the relief of Cyrus H. McCormick
was announced as the next on the calendar, and
Mr. Felch objecting, it was laid over.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Commit-
' tee oftheWhole, the bill forthe relief ofthecaptors
of the frigate Philadelphia. Itproposes, in consid-
'l eration of the extraordinary meritorious services
rendered by Stephen Decatur, as commander of the
| ketch Intrepid, in the capture and destruction of
' the frigate Philadelphia, in the harbor of Tripoli,
on the 16th of February, 1804, to authorize to be
i paid, under the direction of the Secretary of the
! Navy, $15,000 to his widow and three nieces,
' namely, Priscilla D. Twiggs, Anna P. Stockton,
and Mary H. McKnight; one half to be paid to
the widow, and the other half to be equally di-
vided between the three nieces. It also proposes
to appropriate $90,000, to be paid to the surviving
officers, except the commander, of the ketch In-
trepid, or to the widows of such as are dead; and
if there be no widow, then the legal representa-
tives of those engaged in the destruction of the
frigate Philadelphia. ,
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
