434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
FREDERICK VINCENT.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill for the relief of Fred-
erick Vincent, surviving partner of Le Caze &
Mallet. It proposes to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to examine the claim of Frederick
Vincent, the legal representative of James Le Caze,
surviving partner of the firm of Le Caze & Mallet,
for a balance due them on the books of the Treas-
ury, and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the
Secretary that the balance is yet outstanding and
unpaid, the proper accounting officers are author-
ized to adjust and settle it upon the principles and
practice which would have been adopted if the
parties had subscribed that debt to the loan au-
thorized by the act of March 3d, 1797.
Mr. BAYARD. I prefer that that bill should
pass over. There are questions connected with it
which make the propriety of its passage, in my
mind, very doubtful.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to call the Senator's
attention to one fact. My impression is that this
is the same bill to which the Senator objected at
the last session, and which was then passed over,
but which, on subsequent examination,he found
to be perfectly correct and proper.
Mr. BAYARD. My impressions are that this
bill provides for the payment of interest. Though
that is not authorized by the terms of the bill, yet
such will be the effect of the adjustment as pro-
posed. I think this is a clear case in which inter-
est ought not to be paid. The demand was not
made on the Government for sixty years—cer-
tainly not for fifty years, and grounds are alleged
for that delay which I do not think sufficient to
justify the Government in the payment of interest.
I do not know that I shall object to the payment
of the distinct and specific sum which is the prin-
cipal of the amount claimed, but I cannot vote for
this bill as it now stands, and I wish to discuss it.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
CORNELIUS M'CAULAY.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Cor-
nelius McCaulay. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Cornelius
McCaulay, of Philadelphia, §751 13, in full for
morocco and other materials furnished by him in
the year 1834 to the then Secretary of the Senate,
for the use of the Senate Chamber.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to object to the
consideration of the bill now, and I am perfectly
willing to make a statement in regard to it, with-
out attempting to discuss it at length, and let the
Senate decide. 1 do not wish to delay action.
The PRESIDENT. If objection be made, the
bill goes over, as a matter of course.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to discuss the
case further than to state the point of my objec-
tion to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope, by general con-
sent, the Senator will be allowed to go on. I
think the claim is all right.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to discuss the
bill. I merely intend to state the point of my ob-
jection. My objection consists in the fact, that
the Senate paid the money out of their contingent
fund to the Secretary of the Senate. The Secre-
tary of the Senate employed a man in Washing-
ton to do certain repairs to the chairs, or some
part of the furniture of the Senate Chamber.
That man employed a person in Philadelphia.
The money was paid to the Secretary, and paid
by him to the person whom he employed. The
Government, therefore, have paid according to
their agreement. The party, however, to whom
the payment was made, defrauded the individual
tn Philadelphia, and the latter now comes here
and asks us to pay the sum over again, grounded
on certain alleged facts connected with negligence
on the part of the Secretary of the Senate, as he,
in point of fact, avers, in writing certain letters.
I do not wish to discuss the claim, but, in my
judgment, there is no ground for any demand
upon the Government, though there might have
been for a demand upon the Secretary of the
Senate. '
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to debate the bill
but I wish to state the facts as I understand them!
The money was paid to the agent of the Govern-
ment for the purpose of paying for the morocco
on the chairs which we are now using. Mr. Mc-
Caulay was in fact the agent of the Government,
and not the agent of the party employed by the
I Secretary of the Senate. The Government pur-
chased the property from him, and paid another
; person, and that party ran away with it,and did
! not pay it over. It appears to me that under the
circumstances, the party who did the work having
j been defrauded by the action of a person employed
by the Government, and this man having in fact
been the agent of the Government, he should be
paid for his work. If he had not been the agent of
the Government, of course there could be no
ground for the claim; but as it is, I think the bill
is perfectly right, and it ought to pass. I hope
there will be no objection to it. Indeed I do not
like to sit in any of these chairs and not pay for
the morocco which covers them.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Ohio and myself differ as to the very point of this
case. This party was not an agent of the Gov-
ernment, unless persons from whom the Govern-
ment buys any articles, directly or indirectly, is
its agent. The Secretary of the Senate paid the
money to the party whom he employed, the party
who made the contract here with him. That party
it seems went to Philadelphia and made a contract
there with another person; but after having received
the money he did not pay the sub-contractor. I
do not think, therefore, that there can be any
ground for the sub-contractor calling upon the
Senate to remunerate him.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. It is clear that his claim
cannot be heard properly now, but if objection be
made, it must be passed over under the rule.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Let us take the vote now.
Mr. BRODHEAD.
The claim is all right.
The PRESIDENT,
bill must go over.
Mr. BRODHEAD.
If objection be made the
I do not understand the
Senator from Delaware as objecting to taking the
vote. We are all willing that the vote shall be
taken.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection, i
the question will be put. i
Mr. BAYARD. 1 shall not discuss the claim,
but I ask for the yeas and nays upon the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That shows that there
is opposition.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. There is opposition to
the claim; and this being a day upon which we
have resolved to take up claims to which there is
no objection, the attention of the Senate is not
called to these bills as they are brought up. We
are now about to take the yeas and nays upon a
question which has not been heard by one half of
the members of the Senate. There is good reason
why we should adhere to the order, and I trust
we shall do so.
Mr. WADE. I do not think there is any ob-
jection to taking the vote.
The PRESIDENT. I understand both the
Senator from Delaware and the Senator from
South Carolina to object to the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think not. The Senator
from Delaware expressly disavowed any intention \
to debate the bill; but he called for the yeas and
nays. Certainly it is competent for us to do that,
and to vote on the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely asked for the yeas
and nays. j
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina insists that the Senator from Delaware
does object, and he also objects. |
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. Undoubtedly. I un-
derstand the Senator from Delaware to be at vari-
ance with the report upon the main question of
fact involved. He has debated that matter, and
called for the yeas and nays. It seems to me,
then, that the order of the Senate must operate to
postpone the consideration of this bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not so understand
the Senator from Delaware. He expressly dis-
avowed his intention to object under the order we
have adopted. He merely asked for the yeas and
nays; and we certainly have a right to order them
and come to a vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If I am called upon to
rote on the yeas and nays, without knowing any-
thing about the claim, I must call on the Senator
from Delaware to explain to me why he asks for '•
the yeas and nays, or I must ask for the reading i
of the report, in order to understand what is the
principle involved. I know nothing about the
facts of the case, and 1 do not like to give a vote
without hearing some explanation of them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky can certainly ask for the reading
of the report.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let us hear the report
read.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that objections were made to the consideration
of the bill by the Senator from Delaware and the
Senator from South Carolina. The Senator from
Pennsylvania is of a different opinion. Is the
Chair right as to the matter of fact ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think neither of these
gentlemen have objected, in the sense which the
order of the Senate means by objection. They
have asked for a vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I have stated that I did not
mean to discuss this bill, but that I should object
to it unless I could make a statement of what I
thought to be the point of difference upon which
the committee were divided. Both the honorable
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] and myself
disagreed in the committee as to this claim. The
\ rest of the committee agreed to report the bill.
I Under these circumstances, I have made a state-
1 ment of the point on which, I suppose, it turns,
| and on which there is difference of opinion. If
the Senate are content, under thesecircumstances,
to pass the bill, I have nothing to say. I wish to
record my vote against it, but I do not wish to
impede the action of the Senate; and if it be not
discussed further in advocacy of it, I shall not ask
| to be heard in opposition. I simply asked for the-
I yeas and nays.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think Senators misap-
prehend the order or rule under which this claim
comes up. I think they proceed on the ground
that the order of the last session is in force. Many
Senators were not present this morning when a
new order was adopted, on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Maine. The terms of the motion of
that Senator were, as I understood them, that the
Senate should proceed to the consideration of
those bills to which no objection should be made.
I think that in a case where a committee are divi-
ded in opinion, that comes within the spirit of the
rule, and cannot be acted upon. In this case there
is evidently opposition or objection, and that ob-
jection is not to the amount of the claim, but to
the fact whether there is any claim or not.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understood the Sena-
tor from Maine to move that we proceed to the
consideration of such private bills as should not
give rise to debate. The honorable Senator from
Delawaresays hedoes not wish to impede action on
this bill; he merely called for the yeas and nays.
I say that does not pass the bill over. There is
no gentleman proposing: to debate the bill; gentle-
men ask for a vote. We have a right under the
order to come to a vote, and I think we ought to
vote.
Mr. BRADBURYr The object I had in view
in pressing the order under which we are pro-
ceeding was, that we mis;ht proceed to the consid-
eration of those bills to which no further opposi-
tion should be made than the calling for the reading
of the reports in the case. The object was to pre-
vent the occupation of a long time in the discus-
sion of private bills, and to have all that class of
bills which required an attentive examination, to
lie over, in order that we might have another day
to consider them. I shall hereafter feel bound to
make objection to further debate on bills such as
has arisen in this case. If the gentlemen in favor
of and aeainst the claim are prepared to vote, lam.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to hear the report read, and
then we can have the vote. The report is short,
and I hope there will be no objection to its read-
ing.
The report of the Committee on Claims was ac-
cordingly read, from which it appears that Cor-
nelius McCaulay, being a manufacturer of fine
morocco, in Philadelphia, in 1834. was called upon
by Isaac Hosier, representing himself to be an
agent of Walter Lowrie, then Secretary of the
Senate, who requested Mr. McCaulay to furnish
a certain quantity of morocco to be used in cover-
ing the chairs of the Senate Chamber. Mr. Ho-
sier exhibited a letter from Mr. Lowrie, author-
izing him to make the purchase; Mr. McCaulay
