436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
two Houses, if understood by the Senate, will
show that there is not the remotest probability of
passing through the other House any private bills
which"we may now act upon. If the Senate is
resolved to take up the Senate bills, I think we
mav as well adjourn. For the purpose of testing
what is the decision of the Senate, I move that
we proceed to the consideration of House bill
  for the relief of George Cassaday."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform
the Senator that the Chair has been ordered by
the Senate to take up the bills upon the Private
Calendar, in their order as they appear upon it.
BENJAMIN O. MOOERS.
The PRESIDENT. The bill " for the relief
'of Benjamin O. Mooers, deceased, late a lieu- |
•tenant in Colonel Hazen's regiment of the revo-
' lutionary army," will have its second reading.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall have to object to that
bill. , .
Mr. WALKER. I will state that this bill
stands precisely on the same principle as the bill
for the relief of the widow Reilly. If the Senator
will permit it to be taken up, I propose to offer
the same amendment to it that I did to the other,
and after that is adopted, it can be placed upon
the calendar, and postponed as the other was.
That was the arrangement in the Reilly case.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that in the Reilly
case an amendment was made, and the bill then
took its place upon the calendar. When it comes
up for action, it must give rise to discussion, be-
cause it involves a principle. I am not opposed
to the passage of a general law in reference to com-
mutation, if 1 am satisfied that it does not go too
far, and that such a law, leaving the parties to pre-
sent their claims to the Treasury, would be proper;
but I am opposed to passing individual laws.
Mr. WALKER. I only desire it to be taken
up now that I may offer theamendment, and then
it can go over.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and is open
to amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WALKER. Let us have a vote taken
upon the amendment which I propose to offer.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion for that
purpose.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the words "revolutionary army"—
" The half pay of lieutenant from the 18th of October,
1783, when the Army of the Revolution was disbanded, to
the 12th of February, 1838, the date of the death of the said
Benjamin O. Mooers, deducting therefrom the full amount
of the commutation certificate of $1,600, which was paid
the said Mooers under the resolution of Congress of the
32d of March, 1783."
The amendment was agreed to.
- The PRESIDENT. The bill will now go upon
the calendar.
Mr. HALE moved that the Senate adjourn;
which was negatived—ayes 6, noes 20.
After a conversation respecting the presence of
a quorum, the motion was renewed, and again
rejected—ayes 9, noes 23.
ANTHONY W. WHITE.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill is that for
the relief of the legal representatives of Anthony
W. White.
Mr. BAYARD. That is a bill which involves
the question of interest. I object to it.
The bill was therefore passed over.
AMOS AND JOHN E. KENDALL.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill is that for
the relief of Amos and John E. Kendall.
Mr. BADGER. That bill will certainly give
rise to discussion.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
JAMES HARRINGTON.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
j-elief of James Harrington.
It proposes to direct the proper officers of the
Treasury Department to pay to James Harrington
the sum of five hundred dollars, as afull indemnifi-
cation for loss of time and expense during sickness
caused by melting lead while in the employment
of the United States.
At the request of several Senators, the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs was read; from
which it appears that Jamts Harrington was en-
gaged as a laborer in the United States arsenal in j
Washington; and while melting lead he contracted
a disease known as the painter's colic, by which
he was not only incapacitated for continuing his
daily labor for the support of his family, but was
also confined to his bed by sickness for several
weeks,in the year 1847. Two physicians certify
that his health has been seriously injured by inha-
ling the poisonous vapor of the oxyd of lead. It
is also certified by Captain Mordecai, that his
health had been injured by his employment, and
that by his self-sacrifice a large quantity of lead
had been saved to the Government. The commit-
tee, considering tfcat he has been rendered unfit for
labor during the rest of his life, regard his case as
one justly entitled to sympathy, and that the Gov-
ernment is in duty bound to compensate an humble
servant who has suffered in its service, for the
time lost, and expenses incurred for medical at-
tendance; and therefore report the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall have to discuss that
bill. It seems to me that the principle contained
in it is utterly untenable. There is no difference
between an employee of the Government and a
private individual in this respect.
The bill was accordingly passed over.
JEREMIAH WINGATE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider House bill " for the relief
of the heirs of Jeremiah Wingate." It proposes
to direct that the representatives of Jeremiah Win-
gate, deceased, late of Florida, shall be confirmed
in their title to a certain tract of land, containing
four hundred and twenty acres, lying on the north
side of Nassau river, in the State of Florida, ac-
cording to the plats and certificate of survey made
by George J. F. Clarke, dated the 2d and 23d of
December, and the 6th of October, 1818, now on
file in the public archives of East Florida, that
tract being the same confirmed to Jeremiah Win-
gate during his lifetime, on the 15th of November, ;
1827, by the "Board of Commissioners" appoint-
ed to ascertain claims and titles to land in Florida,
pursuant to the act entitled " An act granting do- 1
nations to certain actual settlers in the Territory
of Florida," approved May 26th, 1824; and that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
upon the presentation of the plats and certificate
of survey of the tract, issue a patent or patents J
for it, which patent shall operate as a relinquish-
ment only on the part of the United States.
At the request of Mr. FELCH, the report of
the committee of the House of Representatives
was read; from which it appears that the ancestor
of the persons for whose relief the bill is intro-
duced, presented his claim to a certain tract of
land in Florida, to the commissioners under the
act " granting donations of public land to certain
actual settlers;" that the claim was examined, and
four hundred and twenty acres ofland on the north
side of the Nassau river was confirmed to him;
but that, by reason of the neglect of the commis-
sioners to return the confirmation to the Secretary
of the Treasury, they apprehend that the title
may be defeated. An exemplified copy of the
public archives of Florida shows the fact of the
confirmation by the commissioners on the 15th of
November, 1827, of four hundred and twenty acres
ofland. The committee entertained the opinion
that it was a fair case for the interposition of Con-
gress, and therefore reported the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. BAYARD moved that the Senate adjourn;
but the motion was not agreed to—yeas 8, nays
28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bright, Cage, Fitz-
patrick, Hunter, Spruance, and Underwood—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bradbury, Brodhead,
Charlton, Chase, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Iowa,
Felch, Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Jamex, Mai
lory, Miller, Norris, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Welter—28.
So the motion was rejected.
JACOB GIDEON.
The bill for the relief of Jacob Gideon was read
a second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Third Auditor of the Treasury to examine the
claim of Jacob Gideon, arising under a contract
with the late Board of Navy Commissioners, and
dated the 15th day of July, 1842,and toallowhim
such actual damages, if any, as shall satisfactorily
prove that he suffered in consequence of the abro-
fation of the contract, by the construction given
y the Secretary of the Navy to the act entitled
"An act to reorganize the Navy Department of
the United States," approved August 31st, 1842;
and that the Secretary of the Treasury pay the
sum so awarded by the Third Auditor to him:
provided the sum to be allowed and paid to him
shall not exceed one thousand dollars.
At the request of Mr. Bayard, the report of the
Committee on Claims was read; from which it ap-
pears that on the 15th of July, 1842, Mr. Gideon
entered into a contract with the Board of Navy
Commissioners to supply them with the blank
books, blanks, &c., for the use of that branch of
the Navy Department for the ensuing year. On
the 31st August following, the act abolishing the
"Board of Navy Commissioners" was passed.
On the 5th September, Mr. Gideon was informed
by Commodore Warrington, " that the change of
the Board into bureaus would make no alteration
or change in his engagement for books, &c.,"and
on the same day an order was given for a quantity
of blank books, for the Bureau of Ordnance and
Hydrography. On the 10th of September, Mr.
Gideon was informed that the Secretary of the
Navy had decided that his contract was " abroga-
ted by the law abolishing the Board." On the
same day, he addressed a communication to the
Secretary, stating that he was then engaged in the
execution of sundry orders under his contract, and
unless allowed to complete the work, he should be
subjected to heavy losses. To this appeal (as he
states) he received no answer until the 8th of No-
vember, when he received a note from the Secre-
tary, adhering to his previous decision. Under
these circumstances, the petitioner claims that, as
he had made a good and valid contract with the
authorized agent of the Government, and had, at
considerable cost, made arrangements to fulfill the
same, and was at all times prepared to do so, and
while proceeding in good faith in its execution, it
was abrogated by the agent of the Government,
without any default on the part of the contractor,
he is not only entitled to be remunerated for the
damages he suffered, but to be paid the amount of
profits he would have realized by the fulfillment of
the contract. He lays his damages at $2,000.
The committee do not recognize the right of a
jjublic contractor to prospective profits on an un-
executed contract, and therefore they are not pre-
[ pared to sanction an allowance in the nature of
damages, beyond the loss actually incurred by the
; contractor by reason of his having entered into
! the contract. To this extent the committee
think the claimant entitled to relief, and report a
bill accordingly.
1 The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
COLONEL TAI.COTT.
The bill for the relief of George Talcott, brevet
i Brigadier General of the United States Army, and
j Colonel of Ordnance, was read a second time, and
| considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to allow to George Talcott,
Colonel of Ordnance, the pay of a colonel, being
the chief of the Ordnance Department for ana
during the time when, holding only the commission
of a Lieutenant Colonel, he performed the duties
of a chief of ordnance, and superintended that
bureau of the military establishment of the United
States.
Mr. SHIELDS. That bill involves only a
small amount, and it has been acted upon again
j and again. In accordance with an old custom, a
duty was imposed upon Colonel Talcott, which"
he was compelled to perform, and for which no
' compensation was made him at the time. This
bill simply gives the proper compensation.
Mr, DAWSON. It is all right.
Mr. RUSK. I do not think it is all right. So
far as I am concerned, I am opposed to it. We
have, it is true, voted in favor of such bills here-
tofore in some cases; but I think the compensation
should be made at the time the service is per-
formed, if ever.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to trouble the
Senate with any remarks. If it were a new case
I would not insist so strongly upon its being al-
1 lowed; but it is in accordance with a principle
which has been acted upon ever since the forma-
tion of the Government. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
