1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
Mr. RUSK, i will withdraw my objection to
the bill being considered.
Trie hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The question was then taken on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, and there
were, on a division—ayes 14, noes 14; no quorum
voting.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to make an appeal to
the Senate. If there is a quorum present, gentle-
men do not seem disposed to vote on the questions
which come before us. We are only making an
immense amount of work for our clerks. I hope
there will be no objection to adjourning. It seems
to me to lie in vain to remain here. I therefore
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will ask the Senator if
he will not withdraw his motion, and let us go on
till three o'clock !
Mr. BADGER. We are doing nothing.
The PRESIDENT. The question is not de-
batable. It is on a motion to adjourn, which,
under our rules, is not debatable.
Air. BADGER. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope the vote may be taken
again on the bill. I appeal to my friends on the
oilier side to iet it pass. Colonel Talcott has been,
as it is well known, removed from the Army,
under peculiar circumstances. This is a matter jn
which he is fairly and honestly entitled to relief.
The committee were unanimous in their report.
It has been given to every preceding officer who
stood upon the same principle; and, in the peculiar
circumstances in which he is placed, I think there
should be no objection to it.
Mr. NORRIS. Mr. President, I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has once be-
fore suggested to the Senator from Illinois that
this morning an order was made by the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of such bills only as
would give rise to no debate, or to which there
Was no objection.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am sorry to be out of order.
I did not happen to be here at the time the order
was made, or I should not have spoken on the
subject.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not intend to debate this
bill at all; but the amount is only $373 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Georgia
is out of order. The question is, "Shall the bill
be engrossed for a third reading?"
Mr. NORRIS. As it is leading to debate, 1
object to it.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
Mr. BADGER. I now renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
The question being taken, on a division, there
were—ayes 16, noes 16.
The President voting in the affirmative,
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 28, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbcrt DrcKitJs, Esq., its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed the fol-
lowing bills, and requesting its concurrence there-
in:
S. No. 582. An act concerning bail in civil
causes in the District of Columbia;
S. No. 598. An act to refund to the county of
Lee, Iowa, certain expenses of the district court,
which were paid by that county;
And had agreed to the report of the Committee
of Conference on House bill No. 477, to continue
half pay to certain widows and orphans; and
also,
H. R. No. 347. An act granting the right of
way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad
Company, with an amendment.
And that the President of the United States did
on the 25th of January, approve and sign Senate
bill of the following title:
S. No. 369. An act to prohibit public execu-
tions in the District of Columbia.]
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT BAIL.
Mr. STANLY. I intend to move a correction
of the Journal, but before doing so, I would move, j
with the unanimous consent of the Housft, to take
from the table of the Speaker and put on its pas-
sage a bill, just received from the Senate, for the
relief of a citizen of the State of North Carolina
who is imprisoned in this city for debt at the suit
of a claims agent. I hope that there will be no
objection to the motion.
Mr. VENABLE. I hold the bill alluded to by
my colleague in my hand, and with him, I hope
the poor tellow imprisoned here by a claims agent
will be relieved.
Mr.*DAVIS, of Indiana. Will the considera-
tion of the bill take place in the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the morning hour will not be of importance to any-
body.
Mr. STUART. I ask, before I yield my con-
sent, that the bill be read.
The bill entitled "An act concerning bail in
civil causes in the District of Columbia," was
then read through.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now give notice
that I will, on Monday, if I succeed in getting the
door, move a suspension of the rules, in order that
that bill may be taken up and passed. The man
adverted to has been in jail three months. His
is one of the hardest cases of oppression and
tyranny that has ever been known in a civilized
country.
[Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. STANLY. The Journal of yesterday does
not state correctly the facts regarding the bill
which I reported from the Committee on Ways
and Means. 1 desire that they shall be accurately
entered, and for that purpose, move to add to the
Journal the following:
"Mr. Stanly,after moving to refer the bill and print,
being still on the floor, withdrew the motion to refer, and
made the motion to print.
" The Speaker said that would be in order.
" Mi. Stanly submitted the motion to print.
" Mr. Sweetser claimed the tluor, and moved the bill
be laid on the table.
" Mr. Stanly claimed the floor.
" The Speaker decided Mr. Sweetser was entitled to
the floor to make the motion to lay the bill on the table,
while Mr. Stanly was claiming it and had never yielded
it."
The SPEAKER. The following is thatportion
i of the Journal proposed to be corrected:
"Mr. Stanly, from the committee to which was re-
ferred the bill of the House, (No. 277,) ' to authorize the
, ' Secretary of the Treasury to deposit with the several
' States the fourth installment of the deposits of the public
' money directed to be made with said States by the act ap-
' proved June 23d, 1836,' reported the same, with a recom-
mendation tfiat it do not pass.
" Mr. Stanly moved that the said bill be committed to
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and printed.
" Pending which,
" Mr. Sweetser moved that the bill be laid on the table.
" The yeas and nays being desired by one fifth of the
members present, they were ordered.
" And the question being put, it was decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 105, nays 60."
[Here are the yeas and nays in detail.]
" So the bill was laid on the table.
"Mr. Stanly having called up the motion submitted by
him to pnnt the bill,
" The Speaker decided that the effect of the vote to lay
the bill on the table bad been to lay upon the table the mo-
tion to pnnt, and all other motions connected therewith. It
was too late, therefore, to call up the motion to print.
" From this decision of the Chair Mr. Stanly appealed;
when,
" On motion by Mr. Ore, the said appeal was laid on the
table."
Mr. STUART. As I heard that proposed
amendment read, it assumes to be true the very
fact which the Chair denied to be true—which
j could not exist under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
was, that as the proposition of the gentleman
from North Carolina was not debatable, he could
not retain the floor, and that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] properly obtained the floor,
and moved that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. STANLY. The Chair decided, as I have
stated in my amendment, that he had the right to
' take the floor away from me, when I held possss-
| sion of it on the motion to print.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
! gentleman was not entitled to debate his proposi-
' tion, and therefore not entitled to the floor.
| Mr. STANLY. Very well. I was not entitled
to the floor for any motion at all. Certainly, so
the Chair decided, but 1 want that put on the
Journal.
The SPEAKER. To make the motion at all!
The Chair made no such decision.
Mr. STANLY. I hold in my hand the report
in the Globe of what did take place. It is cor-
rect, but the Journal omits altogether the point
which I wish to go before the country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. STANLY. Yea, sir; but yet took the
floor from me after he received my motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
gentleman could not debate his proposition.
Mr. STANLY. Certainly; and took the floor
away after I had it on the question.
The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair states,
and there can be no difficulty about the facts. The
Chair states that his decision was, that the gentle-
man could not debate his proposition. The point
on which the appeal was taken is this: After the
submission of the motion to lay on the table, the
gentleman claimed the floor, but waived his right
to the floor under the decision of the Chair. The
gentleman then claimed the floor to debate his
proposition to print. The Chair decided that it
was not debatable, inasmuch as the whole subject
had gone on the table by a vote of the House.
Mr. STANLY. I want the Journal to say that
I did " waive my right," and how I waived it.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to say
whether or not the Journal shall be amended.
Mr. STANLY. The Chair states correctly. I
did yield only so far as the decision of the Chair
was concerned, but I want that to appear on the
Journal. While I had the floor it was taken from
me and given to another member, who made the
motion to lay that bill on the table. I was still on
the floor and claiming it. These are the facts by
the official reporters of the House themselves.
They state:
" Mr. Stanly. If I have the floor, I will make the mo-
tion to print the bill, before I make the motion to refer.
" The Speaker. That would be in order.
" Mr. Stahly. Then I submit that motion.
"The Speaker. The gentleman from North Carolina
makes a proposition that the bill, with certain amendments
of his, be printed."
And yet the floor was taken from me. I want
the Journal to state these facts correctly, as they
took place in the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit and
print is entered on the Journal. That far it is
right.
Mr. STANLY. I withdrew the motion to refer
and said so, Mr. Speaker. I am so reported in
the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not under-
take to say that the gentleman did not withdraw
it, but he did not hear him withdraw it.
Mr. STANLY. That may be, but the fact is
stated in the Globe that I made the motion to
•print instead of the other to refer, and I want that
fact entered on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman desig-
nate the portion of the Journal he desires to be
stricken out.
Mr. STANLY. I only want what I have sent
to the Chair added.
Mr. STUART. If this question is to be sub-
mitted to the House, I will state what will control
me to be this: The amendment proposed by the
gentleman from North Carolina assumes, that he
took the floor, was recognized by the Chair, and
moved that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and print-
ed ; that he claimed to retain the floor; that he never
yielded it; and that while so holding and insisting
he should hold it, the Chair authorized the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] to take the floor,
and move to lay the bill on the table. Now, the
point decided by the Chair was this: That, inas-
much as the first motion must be first taken, to
wit: to refer the bill, before the question to print
could come up, it was competent, between the two
motions, for another member to rise and move to
lay the bill on the table; that, if not then done, and
the motion to print was submitted, that motion
not being debatable, the gentleman from North
Carolina could not hold the floor, and another
member could rise and move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table. The amendment proposed is,
that the gentleman from North Carolina was stand-
ng inferentially with the right to the floor, and
