488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
that the Chair took it away from him. I cannot
consent to such an amendment of the Journal.
Mr. SWEETSER. My recollection is distinct
with relation to this matter. The gentleman from
North Carolina continued on the floor after he sub-
mitted his motion that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
but he did not make the motion to printuntil after
I had intervened, and made the motion to lay on
the table. Then, in order, as I suppose, to affect
the force of that motion, he superadded the motion
to print. That is the state of fact precisely. The
member from North Carolina was on the floor the
whole time, but after he made his motion to com-
mit to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, he had no right to the floor, as the
Chair well decided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not know ex-
actly how the Journal is made up, but my recol-
lection about this case is, that when the gentle-
man from North Carolina reported the bill from the
Committee on Ways and Means, and stated that
he was directed by the committee to recommend
that it do not pass, he had the bill read and sub-
mitted to the Speaker, whether it was not such a
bill, containing, as it did, an appropriation of
money, as was required to be first considered in a
Committee of the Whole House?
The Speaker decided that it did. That decis-
ion, I understand, was at the time, and has ever
since been acquiesced in by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.] Whether the
motion to print was made at that time, or after the
gentleman from Ohio had made the motion to lay on
the table, is immaterial as to the gentleman's right
to debate the question, because the rule provides
that bills making appropriations shall have their
first consideration in a Committee of the Whole
House. Then, if that rule be obeyed—and it is an
imperative one—the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. Stanly] could make no motion either
to print, or any other motion, which would entitle
him to retain the floor beyond the period when he
had reported the bill, made the motion to refer it,
and print; and whether he then made the motion
to print or not, he had no further right to the floor,
the bill not being debatable. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] moved to lay the bill
upon the table, and the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] desired to debate the
motion to print. A motion to print opens the
merits of the whole question; and if the rule con-
tended for by the gentleman should prevail here,
we could discuss the merits of every solitary ap-
propriation bill—civil and diplomatic. Army,
Navy, Indian, and every other appropriation bill
in the House—upon a motion to print, before the
bills were ever referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as required by
the rules, and that rule would become obsolete,
and be overridden by the practice to move to refer
the bill, and then to discuss the merits of the bill
on the motion to print. But when the Chair has
decided that the bill must go to the committee,
that decision, not being appealed from, the gen-
tleman had no right, as I conceive, to discuss the
motion to print.
. Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] talks about something in that
amendment rather " inferentially." I am not re-
sponsible for anything which my friend chooses
to say by way of inference. I only wish to cor-
rect the facts as they occurred in the House yes-
terday, as shown by the official report here. The
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] I know,
is learned in the rules of the House, and knows
well how to apply them correctly, and how to
construe them to obtain objects which, of course,
he thinks are right, as no other member in the
House can. He argues upon a state of facts, and
upon the general subject of rules, into which I do
not intend to be drawn. He is better acquainted
with the labyrinth of the rules of the House than
I am, than I would be if I could. As to other
remarks, I have nothing to say. I adhere to the
records as to what is said. Elsewhere I do not
care to look. Here is the record of yesterday,
and that is what I want to appear on the Journal.
That is all. Whether I had the right to debate the
motion to print or not, as my friend from Tennes-
see has been arguing, is not the question now. I
made the motion. When I asked the question,
whether the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the Speaker said
that he Vas inclined to the opinion that the bill !
must go there. Here is what the report shows:
" Mr. Stanly. If that be so, I yield, and move to refer
the bill; and that the bill and amendments be printed.
•' Mr. Sweetser. I move to lay the bill upon the table ;
and upon that I call for the yeas and nays.
" Mr. Stanly. I have the floor.
" The Speaker. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sweetser] has not the floor to make his motion, as the
gentleman Horn North Carolina la upon the floor."
Here the Speaker decided that I was entitled to
the floor. If I was, can any man explain how 1
lost it?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman want
that speech on the Journal?
Mr. STANLY. No, sir; but I want the Speak-
er's remarks on the Journal, and I am entitled to
it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gentle-
man is not entitled to have his own, or the speech
of the Chair placed on the Journal.
Mr. STANLY. I claimed thefloor on the mo-
tion to print the bill, as I stated " before I made the
motion to refer." I afterwards withdrew the motion
to refer, and made the motion to print separately,
and so stated to the Chair. I want to know, not
only in vindication of myself, but for the benefit
of every member of this House, whether, when a
gentleman reports a bill from a committee, and
respectfully asks the Chair if, under the rules, the
bill must go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the Chair decides it does, the
member reporting the bill still claiming the floor,
the Chair saying distinctly he is entitled to it, I
wish to know whether, after this, the floor can be
taken from the member reporting the bill, and the
bill laid on the table? I want that matter entered
upon the Journal, and let the House decide as it
pleases.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reported a
bill, with a recommendation from the committee
that the bill be rejected. He made that motion,
and at the same time inquired, as he states, of
the Chair, whether or not the bill must be commit-
ted to the committee of the Whole, and be there
debated. The Chair answered in the affirmative,
that it must go to the committee. The gentleman
proposed to refer it, and print. The gentleman 1
from Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] was recognized, and
moved to lay the bill on the table. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] contended
that the floor could not be taken from him for any j
purpose, as he was on the floor, and claimed the
right to occupy it. The Chair derided that he
had no right to debate the matter, and that, under
' the rules, it must be first debated in a Committee
11 of the Whole House. In that decision the gen-
ii tleman acquiesced. The vote was taken, and the
bill laid upon the table.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] then insisted upon his right to debate the
proposition to print. The Chair decided that his
proposition to print, and the amendments which
i he had proposed to attach to the bill, went with it I
I upon the table, and that therefore he could not de- !
I bate the motion to print. From that decision the !
gentleman took an appeal, and the House sus- |
tained the decision of the Chair. That is the rec-
ollection of the Chair in regard to the history of
that matter. Will the gentleman allow the Jour-
nal again to be read, that gentlemen on all sides
may understand the matter ?
Mr. STANLY. Will the Speaker allow me
to call his attention to what I said yesterday?
The SPEAKER. Upon that point will the
gentleman allow the Chair a single word? It is
this: that the gentleman obtained the floor, and ,
being recognized by the Chair, insisted upon his
right to retain the floor for any purpose. The
Chair decided that he had no right, and from that
decision the gentleman appealed. All that matter
is prohibited from being entered upon the Journal.
It has no place there, in the opinion of the Chair.
The reasons given, pro and con, why the gentle- j
man was not entitled to the floor, do not go upon
the Journal. The fact that he claimed the floor \
does not go upon the Journal, unless he appeals :
from the decision of the Chair, and then the fact
is inserted in the Journal. |
Mr. STANLY. The Chairstates correctly, in
the latter part of his remarks, as to the appeal. I
took an appeal, and I think I remarked—I have
not examined that part of the report—with the
view of getting this matter upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. It is true that the gentleman
made that remark.
Mr. STANLY. Let me read the report again:
" Mr. Sweetser. I move to lay the bill upon tile table;
and upon that ( call for the yeas and nays.
"Mr. Stanly. I have the floor.
"The Speaker. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sweetser] has not the floor to make his motion, as tile
entleman from North Carolina is upon the floor."
Here the Chair stated I was entitled to the
floor; yet afterwards I lost it by the conduct of
the Chair.
Here are the facts, as I read further from the
Daily Globe, in my hands. It appears that the
Speaker decided, "The gentleman from Ohio
' [Mr. Sweetser] has not the floor to make his
• motion, as the gentleman from North Carolina
« is upon the floor." Very well; then the Speaker
said I was entitled to the floor, and the motion to
lay on the table could not be made.
A little further on the report states:
"Mr. Stanly. If I have the floor, I will make the
motion to print the bill before I make the motion to refer.
"The Speaker. That would be in order.
" Mr. Stanly. Then I submit that motion."
Then the Speaker said I was in order again.
He had just said the motion to lay on the table
was not in order. A little while after, the report
further states, as I have it before me:
"The Speaker. The Chair is of the opinion that the
gentleman trom Ohio [Mr. Sweetser] bad a right to sub-
mit a motion to lay the bill upon the table.
" Mr. Sweetser. Upon that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
"Mr. Stanly. How did the gentleman from Ohio get
the floor, when I had it, and make a motion to print thia
bill ? I have never yielded the floor.
" The Speaker. The gentleman from North Carolina
made a motion to commit the bill, and the subject of com-
mitting a bill is not debatable. The gentleman could not,
therefore, hold the floor after making that motion.
" Mr. Stanly. I withdrew that, and made a motion to
print separately, and so stated to the Chair."
After all this, the bill goes on the table; after
the Speaker had twice decided I was in order.
That is what I claimed yesterday, and what I
wish to appear upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Journal, in the opinion
of the Chair, is absolutely correct in stating that
the Speaker decided that the gentleman from
North Carolina was not entitled to the floor, and
not as reported in the papers. -The Chair cannot
be controlled by that, but rather by the Journal
and action of the House.
Mr. STANLY. But members will be con-
trolled by what the Speaker decides on points of
order and by facts, and it is necessary that we
should have this matter upon the official record.
I wish to say, I had no opportunity of saying a
word upon a great public measure in which all
the States are interested; that the floor was im-
properly taken from me by the extraordinary
administration of the rules yesterday. But my
purpose has been gained. I have done all I ex-
pected, if not all I hoped. I have called the atten-
tion of the country to this great measure, which
will be revived hereafter. I wish my amendment
shall be entered on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to de-
termine whether or not they will adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly.]
The question was then put on the motion to
amend the Journal, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 rise to a question of privi-
i lege. I am recorded wrong on the Journal on
, the vote upon this very subject. I voted in the
affirmative on the motion to lay the bill on the
| table. I find that I am recorded in the negative. I
desire the proper correction to be made.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
! Mr. STANLY. Mr. Speaker, when is it in
order to give notice of a motion to change the rules
; of the House ?
j The SPEAKER. When the States are called
for resolutions.
i Mr. STANLY. I will at the proper time give
I notice of the introduction of a resolution to change
j the 140th rule, by adding thereto the following:
) No person shall be permitted to exhibit in the Chamber
occupied by the House of Representatives, natural or arti-
ficial " curiosities" or " extraordinary phenomena" without
the leave ofthe House, whether they'be idiots from Nicara-
gua, called "Aztecs," or by any other name.
I Mr. MACE. I ask the House to discharge me
from further service as a member of the Commit-
