1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
gentleman desires a separate vote upon any one [
bill, it will be taken out, and all to which there is
no objection will be voted upon together; and
House bill No. 'J47, to which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Goodexow] refers, will be left until
the House disposes of all the others.
Air. COBB. Senate bill No. 152, entitled "An
act for the relief of John F. Callan, administrator
of Daniel Rentier, deceased," should be amended
in us title. When that bill was drawn, John F.
Callan was the administrator of Daniel Renner,
but since that time he has resigned, and Mary B.
Renner, widow of the deceased, has been appointed
administratrix in his place. I ask that " John F.
Callan, administrator," be stricken out, and
"Mary B. Renner, administratrix," be inserted
in its place. I make the motion that the bill be
so amended.
Tue question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The following House bills were then taken up,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and having been engrossed, they were subse-
quently read a third time, and passed, viz:
H. R. No. 320. A bill for the relief of James
H. Jenkins.
H. R. No. 321. A bill for the relief of John
Frin k.
J. R. No. 28. A joint resolution granting the
petition of William and Matthew Moss.
H. R. No. 250. A bill for the relief of S. Morris
Wain.
H. R. No. 274. A bill for the relief of Jasper
A. Maltby.
H. R. No. 285. A bill for the relief of Britain
Franks, assignee of Joseph M. Smith.
Mr. HALL. I move that House bill No. 247,
entitled " A bill for the relief of James Glynn,"
be laid upon the table, it being siipilar to Senate
bill No. 234.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the bill was laid upon the table. ,
The following Senate bills were then taken up i
and ordered to a third reading, and subsequently,
according to order, were severally read the third
time and passed, viz:
S. No. 153. An act for the relief of John F.
Callan, administrator of Daniel Renner, deceased.
S. No. 194. An act for the relief of Jacob
Young.
S. No. 195. An act for the relief of Margaret
Farrar.
3. No. 234. An act for the relief of James
Glynn.
S. No. 238. An act for the relief of Thompson
Hutchinson.
S. No. 239. An act for the relief of Elizabeth
Jones, and the other children (if any) of John
Carr.
S. No. 244. An act for the relief of the heirs of
the late Major Thomas Noel, United States Ar-
my.
S. No. 98. An act for the relief of Sarah D.
Mackay.
S. No. 176. An act for the relief of William
Bedient, late a sergeant in the fourth regiment of
artillery.
S. No. 204. An act for the relief of Guion &
McLaughlin.
S. R. No. 16. A resolution for the relief of Alex-
ander Y. P. Garnett.
S. No. 70. An act for the relief of the widows
and relatives of certain officers and seamen of the
United States brig Washington, who were lost
overboard in a hurricane.
S. No. 276. An act for the relief of Colonel
James R. Creecy.
The SPEAKER. There is another bill re-
ported from this committee—Senate bill No. 407,
" An act for the relief of Jim Capers," with an
amendment.
The amendment was as follows:
Strike out the words "amounting to the full pay of a
musician," and insert in lieu thereof, "eight dollars per
month."
The question was taken on agreeing to the
amendment of the committee, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and it was subsequently read a third time and ;
passed. |i
Mr. QOBB. I move to reconsider the vote by |J
which Senate bill No. 152, was passed, and also
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There are two or three pri-
vate bills, reported from the Committee of the
Whole at a former session, the consideration of
which is the first business in order.
PATRICK GASS.
The following bill was then taken up for consid-
eration, " A bill for the relief of Patrick Gass."
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to lay
that bill upon the table.
Mr. COBB. When that bill was last up, I
made a motion to lay it upon the table. But at
the request of the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. ,] 1 withdraw it. I
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to set forth a few rea- j
sons why that bill should not pass.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman objects to
the bill, it must go over.
Mr. JENKINS. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes over.
FRAUDS UPON THE TREASURY.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up the bill
which passed this House a few days ago, to pre-
vent frauds upon the Treasury, and which has
come back from the Senate with amendments,
in order that it may be referred to the Select Com-
mittee that they may examine and report it back
again.
No objection was made, and the bill was taken
up and referred as indicated above.
LIEUTENANT BARTLETT HINDS.
The next bill that came up in order for consid-
eration was, "A bill for the relief of Lieutenant
Bartlett Hinds."
Mr. SACKETT. I object to that bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill must then go over
under the rule.
LEWIS E. SIMONDS.
The next bill that came up in order for consid-
eration, was, "A bill for the relief of Lewis E.
Simonds."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and having been engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. 1 move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was just passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BAIL IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As we have now disposed
of these bills, I ask the general consent of the
House to take up and act upon the bill from the
Senate, which was read this morning, in relation
to bail in civil cases in this District.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object to taking up that
bill at this time, and 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up bill 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to the gentle-
man's bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. SACKETT. I hope the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Goodenow] will not object to taking
up the bill referred to by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
Mr. GOODENOW. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. COBB. I rise to what I deem a privileged
question. Although this is private bill day, I
desire action upon a public bill. However, the
Chair is to decide whether the question is or is
not a privileged one. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the Senate (No.
477) to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans to submit a report, in which, in order to
further the best interests of widows and orphans,
I move a concurrence.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Commit-
tee of Conference in that case was sent in this
morning from the Senate, and the Chair would
suggest that we had better take up and concur in
that report.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection, and I then
move to take up that report, which is a fac simile
of the one I sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DEAN. This is objection day, and being
opposed to the pensioning of all widows and the
rest of mankind, I object to the motion.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.) This is not one of the cases which
comes under the rule and can be objected to. The
calendar, and all business of a private character to
which objection could be made, has been disposed
of. This is a public bill, to which objection will
not lie.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I move that the vote by which
" An act for the relief of the widows and relatives
' of certain officers and seamen of the United States
' brig Washington, who were lost overboard in a
' hurricane,"has passed, be reconsidered, and that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I do not think the
motion of the gentleman is right. There is no
danger of a motion to reconsider, if bills are prop-
erly passed. Gentlemen ought to rest satisfied
with their passage, so that, if there should beany-
thing discovered afterwards which would require
a reconsideration, the door would be open for it.
I dislike the practice, and I intend to object to it.
The SPEAKER. The objection of the gentle-
man will not lie to the reconsideration.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to the
bill. I only object to the practice of, after bills
are passed, moving a reconsideration of the votes
by which they were passed, and then that those
motions be laid on the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the bill, and I ob-
ject to pensions for anybody.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Commit-
tee of Conference will be read:
The Reporter here presents, with the report of
the Committee of Conference, the amendments of
the two Houses to the bill, and the bill as it will
read, should the report of the conferees be con-
curred in, viz:
The House amended the bill of the Senate by
adding at the end thereof the following:
Provided further, That the provisions of this act be ex-
tended to the widows and orphans of officers and soldiers
of the war of 1812 and the Florida war.
The Senate agreed to the above amendment,
with the following as an addition thereto, viz:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be ti further enacted, That the widows of
all officers, non-commissioned officers, soldiers, musicians,
and privates of the revolutionary army, who were married
subsequent to January, A. D. 1800, shall be entitled to a
pension in the same manner as those who were married be-
fore that date.
The House disagreed to this amendment of the
Senate, and agreed to a Committee of Conference
asked by the Senate.
The following is the report of the conferees of
the two Houses, as concurred in by the Senate:
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to Senate bill No. 477,
have agreed to the following report:
Strike out all after the word " that," in the proviso of the
House, and insert the following:
" That the act approved the 22d of February, 1849, grant-
ing five years' half pay to certain widows and orphans of
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
ivates, both regular and volunteer," be so extended and
construed, as to embrace the widows and minor heirs of
the officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates of the regulars, militia, and volunteers of the war
11 of 1812, and of the various Indian wars since 1790.
1 And said committee further agree to recommend to strike
i out the word " soldier," in the Senate amendment lo said
bill, and the adoption of said amendment as amended.
W. R.W.COBB,
G. PORTER,
' I. G. HARRIS,
House committee.
H. HAMLIN,
SOLON BORLAND,
  GEO. W.JONES,
Senate committee.
The following will be the provisions of the act,
if the report of the Committee of Conference be
r concurred in by the House, viz:
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Representatives
of the United States of -America in Congress assembled,
That ail widows and orphans who were granted and al-
lowed five years' half-pay by the provisions of the act
approved the twenty-first day of July, one thousand eight
hundred and forty eight, entitled " An act amending tho
, ( act granting half pay to widows or orphans where their
{husbands or fathers have died of wounds received in the
1 military service of the United States, in case of deceased
* officers and soldiers of the militia and volunteers, passed
* July fourth^ one thousand eight hundred and thirty- six," or
an act approved the twenty second day of February, one
ii thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, entitled "An act
