1653.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
House to order this bill to be printed, and referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, with a view
of enabling me to get it up on Monday.
(Cries of " Pass it now !" " Pass it now!"]
1 feel bound, after the courtesy of the House
upon mv suggestion, to say, that if any member
of the House objects to the bill going upon its
passage, I will not ask it to be put upon its pas-
sage. It" no one objects, I should like to put it
upon its passage. 1 move the previous question.
(Cries of" Let's pass it now !"]
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. MILLSON. Has that bill ever been re-
ported bv any committee of the House?
Mr. HAVEN. It was not reported from the
committee. The terms of the bill have been under
consideration in the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and it embraces the substance of the bill
passed by the Senate and sent here, striking out a
donation of §300,000 to the State of California.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand the gentleman
to say that he introduced the bill in pursuance of
notice. 1 thought the gentleman introduced it now
for the first time.
(Cries of " Pass it!" "Pass it!"]
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from New York a question connected with the
third section of the bill. This section provides for
a percentage upon theamount of moneys collected
by General Riley in California. Will the gentle-
man state to the House the amount to be paid
under that section?
Mr. HAVEN. 1 cannot state precisely the
amount collected by him, but I understand it was
not less than §800,000, and not going up to a mil-
lion. If there be no objection,! ask to put the bill
upon its passage. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question then being on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time, it was decided
in the affirmative.
The bill having been engrossed, was read the
third time.
Mr. MILLSON. As that bill contains some
provisions I have heretofore considered illegal, I
will content myself, on the present occasion, by
demanding the yeas and nays, simply to show
my own opposition to some of its provisions,
without any expectation, however, that the yeas
and nays will be ordered.
Mr. STANLY. I understand the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] demands the yeas
and nays, and gives no reasons for it.
The SPEAKER. For the purpose of showing
his opposition to some of its provisions.
Mr. STANLY. But he does not assign them.
I move the previous question.
The previous question waa seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The yeas and nays were then refused, only
eight seconding the demand.
The question then being "Shall this bill pass ?"
it was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
And the bill was passed.
Mr. HAVEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I insist upon the consideration of
the bill for the relief of widows and orphans.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of James
Huebes, for !be purpose of reference to one of the Execu-
tive" Department*.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of the papers in the case of
William S. Ross, for the purpose of reference to
one of the Executive Departments.
On motion by Mr. NABERS, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition of certain citizens of
Mississippi, relative to advances to the Pontotoc volunteers,
for the purpose of reference to one of the Executive De-
partments.
[The following message from the Senate was
received by the hands of Mr. Meacham, its
Chief Clerk.
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed bills of the fol-
lowing utles, viz :
S. Sii, '>9tf. An act for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
William Gravson.
S. No. ;no. An act for the relief of Calvin S. Seymour
and Willaril Boynton, surviving partners of the firm of VV.
& 11. Bovnton.
S. No.'h94. An act for the relief of Jacob Gideon.
S. No. 449. An act for the relief of Rulif Van Brunt.
S. No. 265. An act for the relief of the aaptors of the
frigate Philadelphia; in which 1 am directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
The Senate have passed bills of this House of the fol-
lowing titles, viz:
H. R. No. It5. An act for the relief of Maurice K. Si-
mons.
H. R. No. 160. An act for the relief of the heirs of Jere-
miah Wingate; the latter without and the former with an
amendment, in which I am directed to ask the concurrence
of this House.] *
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The SPEAKER. The business now in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] to lay upon the table the report of the
Committee of Conference on the amendments of
the Senate to the bill to continue half pay to cer-
tain widows and orphans, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. The
yeas and nays were ordered yesterday, as I un-
derstand, by only 24.
The SPEAKER. There is no number named
in the Journal. The Journal states the fact that
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DEAN. That is a question of fact.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of fact which
does not appear on the Journal at all.
Mr. DEAN. As this is a question which the
House ought to settle, I insist that the yeas and
nays have not been ordered. Twenty-four gen-
tlemen only voted in favor of the call for the yeas
and nays, and 64 in the negative.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter settled by
the then occupant of the Chair [Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee] and the House. It is not a matter
i which the present occupant can revise at all.
I Mr. DEAN. I presume it now comes up.
I' The SPEAKER. There does not appear to be
1 any appeal from the decision of the Chair at the
j time.
j i The question was then taken on laying the re-
1 port of the Committee of Conference on the table,
and there were—yeas 26, nays 129; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, Bocock, Lewis D. Campbell,
Clemens, Dunham, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Hall, Sampson
W. Harris, Holladay, Houston, George VV. Jones, Pres-
ton King, Letcher, Martin, Meacham, Meade, Millson,
Perkins, Ross, Russell, Snow, Stanly, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Sutherland, Toombs, Venable,WiIdrick, and Wood-
ward—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Willis Al-
len, Allison, William Appleton, Ashe, Barrere, Bartlett,
Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowne, Bragg, Breckinridge,
, Brenton, Albert 6. Brown, Burt, Busby, G. Carnngton
: Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Cartter, Chapman, Chas-
tain, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Cottman, Cullom,
Curtis, Darby, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, Edgerton, Edmundson,
, Faulkner, Fay, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Henry
M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore, Goode-
now, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Grey, Hamilton, Harper,
Haws, Hascall, Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Horsford, John
W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz,
Landry, Little, Mace, Mason, McMullin, McNair, Miller,
Miner, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Mur-
ray, Nabers, Newton, Orr, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
, Parker, Penn, Phelps, Porter, Price, Richardson, Rob-
bins, Robie, Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Origen S.
Seymour, Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Stone, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, Tuck, Wal-
bridge, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison
!, White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—129.
'1 So the House refused to lay the report upon the
1 table.
Pending the call of the roll on the above vote,
I Mr. PENN1MAN, who was not within the
' bar when his name was called, asked unanimous
1 consent to have his vote recorded.
II Mr. HOUSTON objected.
The question recurred on agreeing to the report
of the Committee of Conference, and being put,
it was decided in the affirmative.
j, So the report was agreed to.
■ Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
I, which the report was agreed to, and also moved
: to lay *he motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
SELECT COMMITTEES.
Mr. McNAlR. I rise to make an inquiry of
the Chair. It will be recollected that near the
close of the last session of Congress, a resolution
was passed that the unreported business of the
last session before the standing committees should
be recommitted to those committees at the com-
mencement of this session. An amendment was
made to that resolution to the effect that the busi-
ness before the select committees should also be
recommitted. Now, what I desire to know from
the Speaker is, whether those select committees
exist or not?
The SPEAKER. It is true, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania states, that at the last session
there were several select committees raised, having
matters of business in their hands. At the close
of the session, it was ordered by the House that
all the business belonging to each of the commit-
tees of the session should be returned, or turned
over to similar committees at this session. It is
true, nevertheless, that the committees of the last
session did not hold over. There was no author-
ity, in the opinion of the Chair, for him to reap-
point those select committees. Yet it would seem
to have been in contemplation by the House that
the Speaker should do so, or that new special
comrfiittees should be appointed. If it is the
pleasure of the House, the Chair will appoint
select committees, such as existed at the last ses-
sion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object. I
notice in the proceedings of yesterday that a matter
was referred to a select committee which is functus
officio, so that the reference was clearly out of
order, and I intend to move to reconsider the vote
by which it was made.
The SPEAKER. There was a select com-
mittee appointed to hold over, by order of the
House, which has made a report during the pres-
ent session.
Mr. STEPHENS. That committee ceased to
exist when the report was made, and therefore
the matter was improperly referred to it yesterday.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the select committees of last session do not exist
this session.
Mr. STEPHENS. So I think.
Mr. McNAIR. Then I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether the standing committees that did
I not report last session do not stand in the same
situation as the select committees do?
The SPEAKER. The standing committees
have all been appointed for this session, and might
have been made up by the Speaker of very differ-
ent materials from the committees of last session,
i Mr. McNAIR. Then it is not necessary, I
suppose, to read the resolution and amendment
; adopted at the close of the last session?
| The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad if
I the House would indulge the gentleman in having
the resolution read, for it would seem to have con-
templated the appointment of these select commit-
tees for this session. The Chair, however, on
looking at it, did not feel authorized to appoint
them without an order of the House.
Mr. McNAIR. Then I ask the Clerk to read
the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
" Resolved, That all bills, resolutions, and other matters
referred to the standing and select committees of this Honsa
upon which no reports shall have been made at this session,
shall be returned informally to the Clerk, and shall by virtue
of this resolution stand recommitted at the commencement
of the next session to said committees into whose posses-
sion the Clerk is hereby directed to restore them."
The SPEAKER. The resolution provided that
the matters in the hands of the committees of the
last session should be recommitted to the standing
and select committees this session. But there is
no authority directly given to the Chair by that
resolution to reappoint them.
Mr. NcNAIR. Then I move that the Select
Committee on the foundations of the extension of
the Capitol be reappointed.
The SPEAKER. Shall the Chair appoint se-
lect committees similar to those of the last ses-
sion ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I object. I rise to a privi-
leged question. Yesterday there was a motion
made 
Mr. McNAIR. Mine is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania claims that his is also a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS. Isita privileged question?
