1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
House to hear the rule read, that they may under-
stand the principle upon which he makes his de-
cision.
Mr. STUART. Will the Chair first allow me
to submit a motion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair assumes the right
to make a speech upon this question of order, and
the gentleman must not interrupt him.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that,
but I desire to submit a motion, that it may come
up when this question of order is disposed of.
[Cries of "Order"']
Sir. STANLY. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan would not treat the Chair with disrespect.
Mr. STUART. I mean nodisrespect whatever
to the Chair. I simply desire to ask that after
the Chair has stated his decision, that he will
state to the House that I demand the previous
question. That is all. I say again that I mean
nothing but perfect respect to the Chair. •
Mr. STANLY. I raise a question of order i
upon the gentleman from Michigan. I ask the
Speaker to inform the House what right that gen-
tleman has to request that, after the Speaker has
decided this question, he shall inform the House
that the gentleman from Michigan has now de-
manded the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question of order when it shall arise. The rule
say 8:
" 7. All committees shall be appointed bv the Speaker,
unless otherwise specially directed by the House, in which
case they shall be appointed by ballot.''
That is one rule. The 76th standing rule of
the House provides that " twenty-eight standing
committees (to consist of nine members each) shall
be appointed at the commencement of each ses-
sion." Now, it is very clear that each of these
committees dies with the session for which and
at which it was appointed. The House made an
order for the appointment of the standing com-
mittees at the commencement of the present ses-
sion of Congress, and they were appointed by the , j
Chair; but the House has made no order in refer-
ence to the appointment of the select committees, 1
to which this resolution refers. The Chair begs
again to read the resolution adopted at the close ,:
of the last session.
" That all resolutions and other matter referred to the
standing and relect committees of this House, upon which
no report shall have been made at this session, shall be re-
turned informally to the Clerk," &c.
That is the resolution. Now the question is,
do these committees exist by virtue of that resolu-
tion ? If not, it is in accordance with the universal
practice of the House to order their appointment.
The Chair would be glad if the House would un- I
derstand precisely the state of things in reference
to the appointment of these committees, because
the question raised by the gentleman from North
Carolina involves, indirectly, a censure upon the
Chair for failing to perform his duty.
Mr. STANLY. If the House will allow me a
minute: the Speaker states that the point of order
raised by myself, indirectly implies a censure upon i
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not intimate
that the gentleman from North Carolina intended
any censure.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move the previous ques-
tion. !
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to know
what is the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] takes an appeal from the j
decision of the Chair. The Chair does not under-
stand precisely the nature of the appeal, but he j
supposes it to be from his ruling that the motion 1
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
McNair] was in order.
Mr. STANLY. No, sir; that is not my ques-
tion at all.
The SPEAKER. That is the only question
upon which a point of order could, in this connec-
tion, immediately arise.
Mr. STANLY. The whole matter is out of
order, so far as that is concerned. I
The SPEAKER. That involves the point, !
then, that the gentleman from Pennsylvania was j
out of order in submitting his motion. '
Mr. STANLY. My opinion is—and upon this !
point I desire the decision of the Chair—that these j
matters are already, by virtue of the resolution of i
the last session, before the select committees. If
the Chair decides that they are, I submit; if he
decides that they are not, and that the committee
does not exist, upon that point 1 take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that these
select committees are not in existence.
Mr. STANLY. From that decision I take an
appeal.
Mr. STUART. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The question was taken and the appeal was laid
upon the table.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the House.
Mr. STANLY. Will this question of order go
upon the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It will, and with it a brief
statement of the grounds of the appeal and of the
grounds upon which the decision of the Chair was
made. This ease differs greatly from that men-
tioned the other day, in relation to which the gen-
tleman proposed to correct the Journal. In that
case no appeal was taken.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
Mr. KING, of New York. I desire to move a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill from
the Senate to prevent frauds upon the Treasury,
was referred to the Select Committee. My object
is that the bill may be brought up at any time
hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. STUART. I move the previous question
upon the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania fMr. McNair] for the appointment of a
select committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. King] has anticipated me
in the motion I desired to make. I stated that I
was going to make a motion for a reconsideration
of the motion by which the bill in regard to
frauds on the Treasury was recommitted. I now
call up the motion, and ask its consideration.
The SPEAKER. The entry of the motion of
the gentleman from New York has been made.
Mr. STEPHENS. But I want the House to
act upon it now.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be called
up pending the consideration of other business.
It can only be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. STEPHENS. Did not the Chair decide
that a motion to reconsider was a privileged ques-
tion, which would take precedence of all other
business?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman raise a
question of order? If he does, the Chair will de-
cide it.
Mr. STEPHENS. As the Chair stated his
opinion upon that point the other day, I thought
it was in order to call up the motion. Has the
Chair reconsidered the opinion he then expressed ?
It was my opinion that the decision then made
was wrong; but, as made, I supposed my motion
now in order.
The SPEAKER. The point was not very
i clearly made the other day, and from the confu-
sion prevailing at that particular moment, from
the simultaneous rising of gentlemen to questions
of privilege of one character or another, the Chair
hardly recollects what his decision was. He de-
cides now that a motion to reconsider may be
made and entered at any time, but that it cannot
be considered until the particular matter upon
which the House is then engaged is disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think that is right.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. What is the question
now before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that the Chair reap-
point a select committee, similar to that appointed
the last session, upon the foundations of the Cap-
itol.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. What becomes of the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] which is to make the order apply to
all the select committees?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
seconded, the question will be first upon the amend-
ment and then upon the original motion.
The previous question was then seconded and
the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. GOODEN(TW. I move to lay the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania upon the
table.
I demand tellers upon the
The question was then put, and, upon a division,
69 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE.
motion.
Tellers were ordered,and Messrs. McNair,and
Davis of Indiana, were appointed
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes not counted.
So the motion was laid upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
will be the reconsideration of the bill for the relief
of Patrick Gass, and one other bill reported from
th^ Committee of the Whole House at the last
session.
Mr. STUART. Are they upon the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to take
them up for consideration.
The SPEAKER. No motion is necessary to
bring them up.
Mr. STUART. I moved to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table generally.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman cannot make that
motion. This being private bill day, it is not in
order to move to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table, except for the consideration of
private bills.
Mr. STUART. There is no dispute about that.
I think the gentleman is right.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
it is not in order for me to move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of going into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair made no such
decision.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be in order, I submit
that motion.
Mr. STUART. If I understand the rule, it is
not in order—this day being set aside exclusively
for the consideration of private business—to go to
the consideration of any public business without
a two-thirds vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
ig, that it is not in order to suspend the rules, nor
to do anything which involves a suspension of the
rules, either by a majority or a two-thirds vote,
in relation to the business generally upon the
Speaker's table. The Chair decides that it is not
in order to go to the Speaker's table upon bills not
of a private character.
Mr. STUART. That is not my point. I do
not submit that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not yet put
the question upon the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama, to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. What I wish to state to the
House is, that in order to proceed to the business
indicated by the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama—this being private bill day—the rule re-
quires expressly that a two-thirds vote shall be
had. I desire to turn the attention of the Chair
to that rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects the rule
very well, and he is not mistaken about the prac-
tice of the House. The rule expressly provides
that it shall be, at all times, in order to move to
suspend the rules and go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and that has
been the uniform practice of the House.
Mr. STUART. I have examined the rules
especially upon this point,.and I desire again to
direct the attention of the Chair to them. The
rule provides that private business shall have pref-
erence upon Fridays and Saturdays, unless the
House shall otherwise order; and then it is stated
by a note to that rule, that the House cannot oth-
erwise order, except by a two-thirds vote. It is
the note to the rule that I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the Speaker to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee The 27th rule pre-
scribes at what time the business upon the Speak-
er's table shall be disposed of, and does not the
28th rule provide that it shall not be in order to go
to the business upon the Speaker's table at any
other time, without the unanimous consent of the
House?
Mr. STUART. The gentleman does not touch
my point at all. I will read the 29th rule, and
| then read the note to it, to which I have referred:
I " Friday and Saturday in tvery week ahall b* set apart
