4 56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
■will have to go back to the House, and both ques-
tions will be embarrassed.
Mr. GWIN. If that is the case, how is this a
House bill ? If the House have stricken out a
portion of the Senate bill, it would come back as
an amended bill; but this is not in that form at all.
This is a House bill which has been introduced
there, and which has not been here before, and
therefore the honorable Senator is mistaken.
Mr. WALKER. I know nothing about this
case. There seem, however, to be a great many
Senators here who do understand it; and I am
not so certain that there has not been some more
of this " polling" done. From my knowledge of
the character of General Riley, I feel certain that
he has got no proposition here that is wrong. If
it be not wrong, it can the more easily stand the
test of an examination by one of the standing
committees of the Senate; but it does seem to me
to be a most unusual course that this anxiety
should be shown to keep here, without reference
to a committee, a bill coming from the House of
Representatives involving important considera-
tions, as it is admitted that this bill does.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to state to him that I understand there
is no objection to the bill, nor to the principle of it.
The object of a reference is to amend it by adding
other matters that are perhaps equally just; and
the apprehension is that that course will embar-
rass the bill, and that both measures will fail. I
am in favor of the bill of the honorable Senator
from California. I voted for it before, and I took
a great deal of interest in it; but I should be very
sorry to see a bill which is acknowledged by all to
be just, defeated, as I fear it would be, for want
of time, by sending it back to the House with the
amendment he suggests.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator says, it is con- j
ceded on all hands that this bill is right. I have |
said that I know nothing about it. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Bdtler,] who
fits near me, says he knows nothing about it.
Now, it is very strange that we should not have a
report and recommendation from one of our own
committees in reference to a bill of this kind. It
peems to me, that if it is a claim generally con-
ceded to be right, it can the sooner be reported
upon by a committee, before which the Senator
from California can be heard, and by which it can
be determined and decided whether that or any
other amendment be necessary to perfect the bill.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator from
California that he should allow this bill to go to
the Committee on Military Affairs. I suppose
that that is the appropriate committee, and if he
•will withdraw his motion, I will move to refer the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. I would say to the Senator from
Virginia, that this involves the settlement of an
account to the amount of $1,200,000 or $1,500,000.
Mr. MASON. The accounts of a military officer.
Mr. GWIN. But foractingin a civil capacity,
(is Governor of California.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read for
the information of the Senate.
The bill was accordingly read. It proposes to
apply the provisions of the act of March 3, 1849,
" to provide for the settlement of the accounts of
public officers and others who may have received
moneys arising from military contributions, or
otherwise, in Mexico," to Brevet Brigadier Gene-
ral Riley, in reference to all the moneys raised and
collected by him for contributions, penalties, in-
ternal assessments, duties, or other objects in Cal-
ifornia, from the commencement of the war with
Mexico to the 12th of November, 1849; and he
shall account for, settle, and pay into the Treasu-
ry of the United States, for general purposes, any
balance of moneys shown to be in his hands upon
that, settlement. It further proposes that in set-
tling the accounts of General Riley, the accounting
officers shall credit him with any sums of money
paid or advanced by him to defray the expenses
of the convention in California called to frame the
State constitution, and all sums advanced by him
for the relief of destitute overland emigrants to
California, and also that the sums of money act-
ually expended for the actual government of Cal-
ifornia after the ratification of the treaty of peace
with Mexico, and before the formation of the
State government. It further proposes to allow
to General Riley, as a compensation for collect-
ing, eftfe-keeping, and disbursing the moneys, a
commission of one and a half per cent, upon the
moneys raised and collected by him; and it directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to cause proper
defense at the expense of the United States, to be
made to any suit or suits now pending, or which
may he hereafter instituted against General Riley
for any moneys raised and collected by him in
California to which the bill is applicable.
Mr. CHARLTON. I should be glad to know
the practical effect of this. If I am not mistaken,
it requires the unanimous consent of the Senate to
take up this bill to-day. If it be so, what object
is to be gained by refusing to refer it to the Com-
mittee>on Finance ? I am very willing and anx-
ious that the bill should be taken up to-day, but
that seems to be impracticable with the objection
of the Senator from California. What is the use
of the yeas and nays? I understand that accord-
ing to the rules, the bill must go to some commit- j
tee, if its consideration be objected to; and, there- \
fore, while I am very anxious to take up the bill
and act upon it to-day, as an act of justice to a
meritorious officer, I cannot vote in the negative
on the motion of the Senator from California.
The PRESIDENT. The bill has been read a
first and second time by unanimous consent, and
it is now before the Senate for its disposition, the
question pending being on the motion to refer.
Mr. CHARLTON. Then 1 am mistaken.
Mr. WELLER. This is a bill of vast import-
ance; and it has been the usual practice of the
Senate, whenever a bill came from the House of
Representatives, to refer it to one of the standing
committees of this body. That rule, or that prac- |
tice, of the Senate ought never to be departed from
unless for very good reason;and I desire to know j
why it is that that rule, or that practice, which
has been uniformly observed, should not be pur-
sued in this case. Here is a bill from the House
of Representatives which Senators have not been
allowed to investigate; and an endeavor is made to
pass it without the usual reference. Sir, we do
not desire-to embarrass the settlement of the ac-
counts of General Riley. I am sure the California
delegation have no wish of that sort; but we do
not desire that the question which has been so long
pending in the Senate, whether the State of Cali-
fornia shall have the " civil fund-," or whether it
shall go into the Treasury of the United States,
shall be embarrassed by the settlement of these
accounts now. This bill undertakes to determine
that question. It directs that the eivil fund shall
be paid over to the Treasury of the United States.
I We, as the representatives of California, claim
| that that money ought not to go there at all, but
\ that in right and justice it belongs, and should be |
i paid, to the people of California. The Senate, by ;
the passage of the bill two years ago, decided that j
question. They have decided in effect that this
fund should go to the State of California. A bill for
that purpose passed the Senate without opposition,
and was sent to the House of Representatives; but
in lieu of that, the House of Representatives have
sent to us a bill which proposes to give a different
direction to that fund. Now, if that does not in-
volve a question which ought to receive the seri-
' ous consideration of a standing committee, I know
of none that should. It is, therefore, from no dis-
position to embarrass General Riley jn the adjust-
ment of his accounts, but jt is because we are j
unwilling that the Senate should, without investi-
gation, predetermine this question, which has been
settled by them before, that we ask for the refer-
ence.
Mr. GWIN. I will make an additional remark
on this subject. It is one of very great import- j
ance to ipy own State. General Riley did not
collect all of this civil fund; Governor Mason i
collected a large portion of it, and if provision is
to be made for a percentage for the collection of
that money, why should not all the officers who j
were engaged in its collection be provided for in
this bill ? In addition to that, we are here under |
instructions from our Legislature, passed by aunan- i
imous vote, at two sessions, to contend for this !
fund, and to claim that it should be paid into the i
Treasury of the State of California. There is in
this bill an express order that it shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States. For myself,
I am in favor of settling General Riley's accounts.
I want it done as speedily as possible, and I un-
dertake to say, that if we amend this bill by adding
to it or substituting for it the one which has
been heretofore matured by the Finance Com-
mittee and passed by the Senate, there will be
little or no difficulty in the House. As I under-
stand the matter, this bill was sprung upon the
House at a time when the delegation from Cali-
fornia were not there. Certainly 1 did not know
that there was such a bill until I read it on the
President's table this morning, and 1 was as-
tounded to learn that such a bill had been sent
here. Under such circumstances, I shall contest
it to the last. Let it go to the Finance Com-
mittee; let that committee act on it, and then I
shall acquiesce in the decision of the Senate upon
j that action of the committee, and that, too, with-
out consuming time in debate.
| Mr. BRODHEAD. According to my recollec-
tion, we had a compromise about this civil fund
I during the last session of the present Congress. I
I believe the honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
i Pearce] introduced a bill, which wepassed, giving
| the State of California $300,000 of the civil fund.
I supposed that was a compromise on the subject;
; at least something was said about a compromise
at that time; and if I am right in my recollection,
my honorable friend from California assented to
it. He said, this morning, that a bill had passed
the Senate giving the entire civil fund to the State
of California. If my recollection be right, he is
in error in regard to that. I admit, a bill was
passed at the opening of the present Congress,
granting $300,000 of the civil fund to the Slate of
California, but I understood the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to say at the time that it
was a compromise.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend from Pennsylvania
is right, to this extent, at least: I had opposed the
giving of any portion of the civil fund to the State
of California, beyond the expenses actually in-
curred for the military government, from the rati-
fication of the treaty of peace to the formation of
the State government; but I said at the time that
I was willing, as the bill had many important feat-
ures, and as California thought herself entitled to
the whole fund, to vote for that as a compromise,
and give her $300,000. We passed the bill giving
her that amount, and sent it to the House.
Mr. GWIN. My friend from Arkansas [Mr.
Borland] will recollect distinctly that he put the
question to me, whether it was a compromise, and
whether or not we gave up our claims to the bal-
ance of this fund. I answered No.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I recollectnowthatthe hon-
orable Senator from California protested against
the compromise which seemed to be going on
among other members of the Senate. I voted for
the bill granting $300,000 of the civil fund of the
I State of California, under the idea that that would
J be an end of the matter. If I am right in my re-
j collection, and if that is still the judgment of the
; Senate, we ought to add, as an additional section
to this bill, the proposition which we passed at
the last session, granting California $300,000.
Mr. BORLAND. As the Senator from Cali-
fornia has referred to me as engaging in the de-
bate on the bill to which he has referred, 1 can
very cheerfully bear testimony to the accuracy
with which he states his position. I did call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that there seemed
to be a compromise between the Committee on
Finance and the California delegation on the
subject; and although I did not think California
should be allowed any portion of the civil fund,
yet, as a compromise, for the purpose of getting
clear of paying a great deal more that she thought
ought to be paid, and which I thought ought not
to be paid, 1 voted for that bill; and it was niy
impression at the time that the majority of the
Senate voting in its favor did so with the same
belief. The Senator from California, I know, said
that he protested against any such understanding,
but I think the majority of the Senate at the time
regarded it as a final settlement, and the bill passed
with that understanding. It was at least my un-
derstanding, and I presume it was the understand-
ing of a majority of the Senate.
I shall vote against the reference of this bilt to
the Committee on Finance. I am willing to vote
for the bill as it is now before the Senate; but if it
should be amended, as the Senator from California
proposes, I should, for reasons which I stated at
the last session, be unable to vote for it; and I be-
lieve there are a great many other Senators in the
same situation. Each of the Senators from Cali-
fornia admits that the bill now before the Senate is
proper and right. It is one to which there can.be
