1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLtfBE
459
piece of fifty cents, shall be one hundred and ninety-two ,
grains; and the quarter dollar, dime, and half dime, shall be j
respectively one half, one fifth, and one tenth of the weight j
of said half dollar.   . .. i
" Ssc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the silver coins
issued in conformity to the above section snail be legal
tenders in payments of debts for all sums not exceeding five
d°''sic. 3. jJni « further enacted, That in order to pro
cure bullion for the requisite coinage of the subdivisions of
the dollar authorised by this act, the Treasurer of the Mint
shall, with the approval of the Director, purchase such
bullion with the bullion fund of the Mint. He shall charge
himself with the gain arising from the coinage of such bul-
lion into coins of a nominal value exceeding the intrinsic
value thereof, and shall be credited with the difference be-
tween such intrinsic value and the price paid for such bul-
lion, and with the expense of distributing such coins as is
hereinafter provided. The balancetohiscreditontheprofit
of said coinage shall be from time to time, on a warrant of
the Director of the Mint, transferred to the account of the
Treasary of the United States.
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That such coins shall
be paid out at the Mint in exchange for good coins at par,
in sums not less than one hundred dollars; and it shall be
lawful also to transmit parcels of the same, from time to
time, to the assistant treasurers, depositors, and other offi-
cers of the United States, under genera] regulations, pro-
posed by the Director of the Mint, and approved by the Sec-
fetary of the Treasury: Provided, however, That the amount
coined into quarter dollars, dimes, and half dimes shall be
regulated by the Secretary of the Treasury.
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That no deposit for
coinage into the half dollar, quarter dollar, dime, or half
dime, shall hereafter be received, other than those made by
the treasurer of the Mint, as herein authorized and upon
account of the United States.
" Sec. 6. And be it further eftacted, That at the option
of the depositor, gold or silver may be cast into bars or in-
gots of either pure metal, or of standard fineness, as the
owner may prefer, with the stamp upou the same, designa-
ting iu weight and fineness; but no piece of either silver or
gold shall be cast into bars or ingots of less weight than ten
ounces, except pieces of one ounce, of twoounces, of three
ounces, and of five ounces, all of which pieces of less weight
than ten ounces shall be of the standard fineness, with their
weight and fineness stamped upon them; but in case wheth-
er gold or silver deposits be coined or cast into bars or in-
gots, there shall be charged to the depositor, in addition to
the charge now made for refining and parting the metals,
one half of one per cent.; the money arisingfrom this charge
of one half per cent, shall be charged to the Treasurer of the
Mint, and from time to time, on the warrant of the Treasurer
i of the Mint, shall be transferred into the Treasury of the
United States: And provided, however, That nothing con-
tained in this section shall be considered as applying to the
half dollar, or quarter dollar, the dime, and half dime.
" Sec. 7. ■And be it further enacted, That from time to
time there shall be struck and coined at the Mint of the
United States, and the branches thereof, conformably in all
respects to law, and conformably in all respects to the stand-
ard of gold coins now established by law, a coin of gold of
the value of three dollars, or units, and all the provisions of
the act entitled ' An act to authorise the coinage of gold
dollars and dnuMe eagles,' approved March 3,1849, shall
he applied to the coin herein authorized, so fu as the same
mar be applicable; but the devices and shape of the three
dollar piece shall be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That this act shall 1
tie in fane fton and after the first day of J une next." :
Mr. DUNHAM. The Committee on Ways
and Means, to whom was referred this bill, rec* j
ommend several amendments, which I will ask to
have read. i
The amendments were read, as follows: 1
In section two, strike out the words " debts for all sums
pot exceeding five dollars," and inseit in lieu thereof the
words" does of the United States." *
In section three, after the words " intrinsic value there-
of," insert the words "estimated in dollars of silver."
In section four, insert before the words "quarter dollars,"
the words 11 halfdollRre."
la section six. strike out the words "of either pare met-
als," and insert in lieu thereof the words " or coined into
disks of metals either refined or as nearly as may be practi-
cable, to purity."
In nine section strike out the word " whether," after the
words " but in ease," and inseit in lieu thereof the word
« where." In the same section, and immediately after the
last amendment, strike out the words "or cast into bars or in-
gots." In the same section, after the words "one half of one j
per cent," insert the words "and where it is cast into bars or i
ingots, or formed into disks, the charge shall not exceed the
expense, to be regulated from time to time by the Secretary
of the Treasury." 1
At the end of the same section, insert the words, "and
provided also, that the Secretary of the Treasury shall regu-
late the size and devices of the new silver coin authorized
by this act."
In section eight, strike out the words " the first day of
Jane next," and insert in liett thereof the words " its pas-
sage."
Mr. DUNHAM. I offer, upon my own respon-
sibility, the following amendment:
Sec. 1. Be it further enacted, tjc., That so much of the
thirty-third and thirty fourth sections of the act supplement-
ary to the act entitled " An act establishing a Mint and reg-
alating the coins of the United States," passed July 18th,
lt(37, as requires the treasurer of the Mint to purchase cop-
per in the form of planchets, arid to deliver them in that
form for coinage, is hereby amended so as to authorize such
purchase either in the form of bullion or of planchets, as
may be deemed expedient; and that said copper in bullion
or planchets shall be delivered from time to time by said
treasurer to the chief coiner of the Mint, to be coined; and
all such copper shall be returned in the treasurer by the
chief coiner, weight for weight, without allowance for
waste, if the same be in planchets; but if the copper be in
the form of bullion there shall bean allowance for actual
waste, in thu manufacture into coins, but not to exceed ten
thousandths of the weight delivered.
Mr. DUNHAM, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House, without concluding, in ex-
planation of the provisions of the bill, and m favor
of its immediate passage.
VOTES FOR PRESIDENT AMD V. PRESIDENT.
Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickivs, its Secretary,
informing the House they had passed the follow-
ing resolution:
" Resolved, That a committee be appointed to join such
committee as may be appointed by the House of Represent-
atives, to ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes lor President and Vice-President of the United States,
aud of notifying the persona elected of their election.3%
And that Mr. Hunter, Mr. Bright, and Mr.
Pearce were appointed the committee on the part
of the Senate.
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 rise to make an inquiry of
the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the con-
sideration of the special order, the hour of one
having arrived.
Mr. SWEETSER. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. No, sir; I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JONES. I call for thfe consideration of
the special order.
Mr. SWEETSER. Upon that subject I claim
the floor.
The SPEAKER. No gentleman can have ob-
tained the floor yet upon the special order.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 wish to know whether my
motion to refer the bill reported by me this morn-
ing to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union has been entered?
The SPEAKER. It has. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is entitled to the floor upon
the special order.
Mr. SWEETSER. Upon what ground is he
entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. Upon the ground that on his
motion the bill was taken up and made the special
order for to-day.
Mr. SWEETSER. By the courtesy of the
House.
Mr. STUART. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, 1 desire to make amo-
tion with reference to the bill in relation to coin-
age, which has been under discussion here this
morning. I move that the bill and amendments
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BAIL IN CIVIL. CAUSES.
The SPEAKER. The special order for to-day
is the consideration of Senate bill No. SKI, "con-
cerning bail in civil causes in the District of Co-
lumbia."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the bill.
The Clerk read the bill, which is as follows:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That from and alter the passage of this act, no person
shall be held to bail, in the District of Colombia, in any
action of debt, assumpsit, or other action tounded on or
arising out of any contract or agreement, or in any suit or
proceedingin equity brought or prosecuted for enforcingthe
payment of any debt or of any sum or sums of money due
or claimed to be due by reason of any contract or agree-
ment; and any person now held to bail or imprisoned for
want of bail in any such action, suit, or proceeding, shall,
on application to the circuit court of said District, in term
time, or to any judge thereof, In vacation, be discharged on
filing a common appearance."
Mr. JONES.. As I Understand the laws of this
District, some years ago Congress abolished all
laws authorizing the arrest or imprisonment of the
body of a debtor upon final process, but did not
abolish the law authorizing arrest upon mesne
process, and the holding of a debtor to bail, or in
default of bail, his committal to prison, there to
await the trial of the suit.
The first provision of this bill abolishes bail in
civil suits upon mesne process. To that, I sup-
pose, there will be no objection on the part of any
member of this House.
The second provision of the bill, though in gen-
eral terms—I wish the House to understand its
object—is to affect a particular and individual case
of peculiar hardship and oppression, as I think.
It is for the purpose of discharging David Taylor,
now confined in jail, in this city, in default of bail
upon civil suit against him. David Taylor, though
a white man, is virtually and legally a Cherokee
Indian. He is recognized by their laws, and
treated by that nation as one of their people. He
is the head of a Cherokee family. Some twelve
years ago, he came to this city to prosecute a claim
against the Government for his reservation, under
the treaty of 1835—'6, as head of a Cherokee fam-
ily. He has been here during that time prosecu-
ting his claim, and finally, during the last session
of Congress, a provision was incorporated into the
Indian appropriation bill appropriating the amount
at which his reservation was valued, and giving
interest upon that valuation, from the date when
the money was due up to the passage of the act,
amounting, in all, to Somethingover $24,000. Im-
mediately after the passage of that act and the ad-
journment of Congress, some person in this city,
who claimed to be the agent or attorney of David
Taylor for prosecuting this claim, enjoined the
collection and payment of the money out of the
Treasury, and arrested Taylor, commencing suit
against him, and requiring bail of him. He, being
unable to give bail, not being a citizen here, or
living in the District, was incarcerated in jail, in
this city, and has remained there since a very short
time after the adjournment of the last session of
Congress, and still remains there at the will and
pleasure of this agent or attorney, who claims to
be a creditor of his. It is a charge, I suppose, for
lobbying the claim of Taylor through the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I wish to
remind the gentleman from Tennessee that Taylor
has already paid nearly $3,000 in such fees. A
gentleman who attended to the claim for two or
three years, and the only one who really did any-
thing, told me that Taylor paid him ten per cent,
on the claim as soon as he got any of the money,
being $2,400.
Mr. JONES. I intended to state that fact. When
twenty per cent, of the claim was enjoined in
the Treasury, Taylor was paid the balance. After
he was put in jail, he sent for the attorney whom
he had employed some fifteen or twenty years ago
to prosecute the claim for him before the Depart-
ment, and paid him ten per cent, on the whole
amount of the claim.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that inasmuch as this is a general bill, it
is not in order to discuss the particular merits of
any case that may exist, which is claimed to be a
case of peculiar hardship, upon which this bill is
predicated. The bill names no individual, and I
beg to be excused from acting in this House upon
such a suggestion.
- Mr. JONES. I will not detain the gentleman
or the House any longer. I believe the House
understands the case, and are as well prepared to
vote upon it now as they would be at the end of
the week. I therefore ask the previous question.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope the House will not
sustain the demand for the previous question, upon
a bill like this, involving a great question. I ask
the gentleman, not as a matter of courtesy, but as
a matter of right, to let the House understand
upon what this bill is predicated.
Mr. JONES. The matter is under the control
of the House.
Mr. SWEETSER. I ask the House to vote
down the demand for the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now pat.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read the third time.
Mr. JONES. I move the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
House ordered the bill to a third reading.
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes that mo-
tion to be in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The previous question is
pending.
Mr. SWEETSER. No, sir; the main question
has not been ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The reconsideration may be
postponed. If the question is taken now, it will
have to be taken without debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make this point: that
