466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
have been avoided under the civil system ? I ask
him whether the most extravagant and expensive
buildings and structures have not been erected
under the military system, in order to gratify the
eye and the taste of military men ? At Harper's
Ferry, some ten or twelve years ago, when I lived
there, they tinned out as many arms as they
do now under this military system. But the old
buildings have been torn down, and other build-
ings no better, but a little more tasty, put up. So
it is with whole blocks which have been swept
away and new ones substituted, merely because
they offended the eye of those military gentle-
men.
I have no hostility to military men. I have no
hostility to the military men who have been in
charge at Harper's Perry. I know them person-
ally, and I esteem them all highly, but I do think
they have been extravagant, and have incurred
many expenses which would have been entirely
avoided under the civil system.
Mr. EWING here obtained the floor, but yield-
ed it to
Mr. McLANAHAN, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman ofthe
committee (Mr. Brown, of Mississippi,) reported
that the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly House bill No. 336, making appropri-
ation for the support of the Army, and had come
to no resolutoin thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer a resolution to close
debate on the Army bill.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama to allow me to ask the
House to take up the Senate resolution, which
was sent in here this morning, to appoint a joint
committee to report the manner and mode of i
counting the presidential votes. '
Mr. HOUSTON. I waive my motion for that
purpose, if it will not consume much time.
No objection was made, and the resolution was
taken up and read, as follows:
(t Resolved, That a committee be appointed, to join such
_ committee as may be appointed by the House of Represent-
atives, to ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes for President and Vice President of the United States,
and of notifying the persons elected of their election.
" And Mr. Hunter, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Pearce were
appointed a committee."
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I trust I may be
allowed to withdraw from the files of the House
certain papers.
There was objection.
PROPOSITION TO CLOSE DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. In order to accommodate the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Ewing,] I will
modify the resolution I have submitted so that it
will provide that the debate on the Army appro-
priation bill shall terminate in one hour after the
House shall again resume its consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union.
I now call for the previous question on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
[Cries of " Make it two hours!" "Make it
two hours!"]
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by substituting for" onehour"" two hours."
I understand that the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Faclknep.] desires to speak after the gentle-
man from Kentucky, and I think that in justice
to him this amendment should be adopted.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Hau, in the chair.)
Amendments are not in order, the previous qued-
tion having been called for.
Mr. FAULKNER. I understand the question
now is on seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion by the gentleman from Alabama. I hope the
House will refuse to second that call, and will
make the resolution provide for the closing of de-
bate two hours after the consideration of the bill
shall be again resumed in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. i
Mr. STANLY. We havebeen discussing this
bill strictly in order, and I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table, that other gentlemen may have
a chance to be heard.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on that proposition. I
Mr. FREEMAN. 1 desire to say one word.
It is very well known that the gentleman from
Vireinia [Mr. Faulkner] represents the district
in which Harper's Ferry armory is situated.
[Cries of "Order! ""Order!"]
Mr. FREEMAN. He ought to be permitted
to speak, order or no order!
[Renewed cries of "Order!"" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the House do
now adjourn. I believe that is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes that the
gentleman will withdraw his motion to adjourn to
enable him to lay before the House several Exec-
utive communications, represented to be of some
importance, that they may be referred. ,
Mr. SWEETSER. I withdraw the motion to !
adjourn, for that purpose. I
The SPEAKER laid before the House the.fol- j
lowing message from the President of the United i
States: ]
To the House of Representatives: I
Since my last message to your honorable body, comma- !
nicating a report from the Treasury Department, m answer 1
to your resolution of the 3d instant, in reference to the com-
pensation of weighers and gangers, further communications
on that subject have been received from New Orleans,
which have just been reported to me by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and which I deem it my duty to communi-
cate to the House. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, January 27, 1So3.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting two hundred and fifty copies
of the official Army Register for 1853, for the use
of the House of Representatives, in conformity
with its resolutions of February 1st, 1830, and
August 30th, 1842.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MEADE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the message from the President first laid
before the House was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. It seems tome that it ought to
go to the Committee on Commerce. '
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. The gentleman, I
perhaps, is not aware that by a former reference, |
a half a dozen or dozen of communications on the I
same subject have gone to the Committee on the
Judiciary. {
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They have had a !
wrong reference, then.
Mr. STANTON. They are with regard to the
construction of the laws regulating gaugers and
weighers. !
Mr. MEADE. I withdraw my motion. '
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the acts approved April
20th, 1818, and August 26th, 1842, and resolution ,
of the House of Representatives, of 13th January, !
1846, lists of the clerks and other persons em-
ployed in that Department, other than officers of
the Army, during the year 1852. ]
Also, a communication from the same Depart- ;
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the twen-
tieth section of the act approved 26th of August, ;
1842, statements of the expenditures from appro-
priations for contingencies of that Department and
its bureaus, for the fiscal year ending June 30th,
1852.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart- j
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the twen- !
tieth section of the act of Congress approved Au- I
gust 26th, 1842, a detailed statement of the expend- '
itures of the contingent fund of that Department
and its several bureaus, for the fiscal year ending ,
June 30th, 1852.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of June
14th, 1848, a report from the Fourth Auditor of i
the Treasury Department, exhibiting in tabular :j
form the allowance of the several officers of the i
Navy and Marine Corps of the United States, to-
j gether with the lists of officers ofthe Navy attached
. to the Coast Survey during the last fiscal year, and 11
i the entire compensation paid to each out of the
appropriations applicable to coast survey purposes,
for the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1852.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with the acts of
Congress approved 21st of April, 1808,and the 3d
of March, 1843, a list of contracts entered into by
the Bureau of Navy-Yards and Docks, and an ab-
stract of offers received for furnishing articles un-
der the cognizance of that Bureau since the date
of its last report in October, 1851.
All of which were, on motion, ordered to be
laid on the table and printed.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, ancf the motion was
agreed to. Thereupon the House adjourned till
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BOBBINS : The petition of Joshua Bethell and
20 other citizens of Philadelphia county, askmg Congress
to so modify the act of September 2Sth, 1850, as to give to.
each person intended to be benefited thereby, and to sea-
men and marines, not less than one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of Henry Jenkins and
others, citizens of the State of New York, praying for the
extension of Uri Emmons's patent for a cylindrical planing
machine.
Also, the petition of Richard Reed and others, citizens
of the State of New York, on the same subject.
By Mr.THOMAS M. HOWE: The petition of John Ma-
gill, Robert Porter, Edward Mcl'orkle, and others, praying
the establishment of a post route from Pittsburg, in Allegany
county, to ^axonburg, in Butler county, Pennsylvania!
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition ofthe legal
representatives of Leonard Dyson, praying that the Rio
Hondo elaim of said Dyson, recommended for confirmation,
but suspended, be now confirmed.
By Mr. WELCH : The petition of citizens of Washing-
ton and Athens countirs, Ohio, for a mail route from (';i na.ui-
ville, in Athens county, to North Union post office, in
Washington county.
By Mr. BABCOCK : The petition of citizens of Fulton,
New York, praying that a grant of land be made to the
State of New York to construct a ship canal around Niag-
ara Falls.
By Mr. EASTMAN : The memorial of the legislative
Assembly of Wisconsin, approved February 26th, 1848,
praying for an appropriation to complete the improvement of
Grant river slough, at Potosi, Wisconsin.
Also, the petition of 115 citizens of Wisconsin, for same
objuct.
By Mr. ST. MARTIN : The memorial of several ship^
owners, praying Congress to modify the act regulating the
collection of duties on imports and tonnage.
By Mr. CHANDLER: Tbe memorial of A. Hart and
many other citizens of Philadelphia, asking Congress to
authorize the construction of a railroad for the conveyance
of the United States mail between Philadelphia and New
York.
By Mr. CLARK: The joint memorial nf the Legislature
of the State of Iowa, asking that the Government will re-
lease to said State Fort Atkinson, together with the lands
reserved for the use of said fort, for a normal manual labor
and military institute, under the control and direction of
the General Assembly of said State.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 2, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. ADAMS presented a petition of the trus-
tees of Madison College, Sharon, Mississippi,
praying a donation of land for the endowment of
that college; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of the heirs-
at-law of Alexander Harper, praying remunera-
tion for the services of said Harper during the war
of the Revolution, and indemnity for losses; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented five petitions of in-
habitants of Maine, praying that one hundred and
sixty acres of land may be granted to every man
who served in any ofthe wars ofthe United States,
or to his widow or children; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MANGUM. I hold in my hand two res-
olutions in the nature of memorials, from the
Legislature of North Carolina, one in favor ofthe
erection of a marine hospital at or near Smithville
or Wilmington, in that State, and the other in
favor of the abolition of the duty on railroad iron.
The first I desire to have referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and the next to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and that they be printed.
They were so referred, and ordered to be print-
ed.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of
