1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
James M. Crane, praying compensation for pub-
lishing orders, resolutions, lows, and treaties of
theUinted States, in the California Courier; which,
with the papers heretofore presented on the sub-
ject, were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PA VIS presented the memorial of Charles
T. Jackson, praying that the question as to the
origin of the discovery of the anaesthetic effects
of ether rtiay be referred to a committee of emi-
nent scientific gentlemen; which was referred to
the Select Committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition of citizens
of the States of Louisiana and Texas, praying
the establishment of a mail route from the mouth
of the Rett river, in Louisiana, to Huntsville, in
Texas; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of New York, praying an ap-
propriation for the removal of the sand bars, and
deepening the entrance of Cape Fear river, North
Carolina; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Pamelfc Brown, widow
of the late Major General Jacob Brown, Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, praying to be al-
lowed a pension from the date of his death; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented a resolution of the
- Legislature of Arkansas, praying that a portion of
the public land upon which Fort Smith is situated,
may be granted for the use of schools in township
eight, north of range thirty-two west; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Arkan-
sas, in favor of the removal of obstructions to the
navigation of the Arkansas, White, and Ouachita
rivers; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Arkan-
sas, in favor of the removal of the land office from
Fayetteville to Huntsville, and an extension of the
land district; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. MALLORY presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of the sale of so
much of the public lands contiguous to the navy-
yard at Pensacola, as may not be necessary for
the public use; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida,
in favor of the removal of obstructions to naviga-
tion in the Acklawaha river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of Philip
Gormley, a contractor for furnishing stone for the
addition to the Capitol, representing that he had
been deprived of his contract. He requested that
the petition might be read, and the Secretary pro-
ceeded to read it. The petition states that the pe-
titioner, who is a resident of Georgetown, became
the contractor with Dr. Piper, the original con-
tractor for supplying the Capitol with blue stone,
and hauling the stone from the landing-place to
the work. Subsequently, Piper sold his contract
to Bartlett Smith, of New York, who renewed the
contract with the petitioner to do the hauling. A
contract was drawn up and signed by a Mr. Mor-
sel!, as agent for Smith, and was witnessed by
Strong; and the only copy of the instrument was
placed in Strong's hands for safe-keeping. The
petitioner commenced hauling in August, 1851,
and continued until the 18th of May, 1852, when
he was served with a notice to discontinue. The
petitioner was proceeding to enter the Capitol with
a load of stone, when one of the superintendents
prevented him, saying Mr. Strong had given or-
ders that he should not be permitted to do so. I
Upon «he petitioner proceeding to enter, two offi- ]
cers were brought, who ordered him to desist, 1
under the penalty of arrest. He therefore had to
discontinue the hauling, and another person was
engaged to do it. _
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the further
readine of the petition was dispensed with, and
it was referred to the Select Committee on Bri-
bery, Frauds, and Corruption. j
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented a memorial of
citizens of Alabama—settlers on the lands re-
served for the Mobile and Chicago railroad—pray- ,
ing to be allowed to prove their preemption rights; ,
inch wai ordered to lie on the table, as the Com- 1
mittee on Public Lands were about to report a
bill for that purpose.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CLARKE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Rufus L. Baker, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to Uie Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered. That Elizabeth Bingham have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That Alonzo B. Davis have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Simeon
Draper, reported a bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the steam-
ship Albatross; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of John Miller, representing
that he is a native of Ireland, but that he has set-
tled in New York, and declared his intention of
becoming a citizen of the United States, and pray-
ing that a register may be granted for a vessel built
by him in that city, and also for any other vessels
he may build, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration on the ground that he was about
to report a general bill on the subject; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue certificates of registry or
enrollment to American-built vessels in certain
cases, reported it back with an amendment. On
his motion, the bill was read a second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue certificates of registry or enroll-
ment, as the case may require, to vessels built in
the United States, owned in whole or in part by a
person orpersons not citizens of the United States,
but who snail have declared according to law their
intentions to become such; which certificates shall
have the same force and effect for five years from
their date, as if they had been issued to citizens of
the United States.
The amendment reported by the committee was
to add," and if during the said five years the said
' person or persons so receiving a register shall
' have become a citizen or citizens of the United
* States, the said register shall be perpetual:"
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, the amendment
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SEWARD asked unanimous consent that
the bill might be read a third time.
Mr. BRADBURY objected.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported them
back without amendment:
An act for therelief of Nathan H. Darling; and
An act for the relief of Gilman Smith, of Syca-
more, in the State of Illinois.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Anna Norton and
Louis Foskit, submitted a report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which were referred the petition of Selina
C. Sumner; a memorial of shipmasters of New
Bedford; and a petition of underwriters and ship-
owners of New York, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for the purchase of a copyright
of a work published by Thomas H. Sumner,
wherein he describes his new method of ascer-
taining a ship's position at sea; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Mary Brog-
nard, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for her relief; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Nancy Whiting,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the documents relating to the claim
9® Rh°da Frisbee, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
J" , from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Mary Pearson,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the folio wing memorials, documents,
and petitions, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed to-
/'|!!'on of Thaddeus Scott, one of the children
of William Scott, and administrator of Susannah
Scott, his widow, praying to be allowed the pen-
sion to vrfiich she was entitled under the act of
July 7,1838;
Petition of Katy White, praying arrears of pen-
sion ;
Memorial of Mary Carlton, praying a pension;
Additional documents in support of the claim of
Brinton Paine to a pension;
Additional documents in relation to the claim of
Avery Downer to a pension;
Petition of Jane Kearney, praying a pension or
bounty land;
Petition of John F. Webb, praying that the chil-
dren of John Webb, deceased, may be paid the
amount of pension their father would have received
under the act of 15th May, 1828, had he lived
until that time;
Petition of Lucretia W. Hubbard, for herself
and other children of Elijah Ransom, deceased,
praying to be allowed the pension to which he
would have been entitled under the act of May 15,
1828, had he lived until that time; and
Petition of Robert Steele, praying that the chil-
dren of John Steele, an officer in the war of the
Revolution, may be allowed the pension which
their father would have received under the act of
May 15, 1828, had he survived the date of its
approval.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which were referred the following
petitions and documents, submitted adverse re-
ports thereon:
Memorial of H. P. Dorsey, of California, pray-
ing indemnity for depredations committed by the
Indians;
Memorial of M. M. Marmaduke and others,
praying indemnity for depredations committed by
the Indians; and
Documents in relation to the claim of Edward
J. Jackson, praying indemnity for a mule stolen
by the Indians in the winter of 1851.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY SURVEY.
Mr. WELLER. I am instructed by the Select
Committee on the subject of the Mexican bound-
ary, to which was referred the message of the
President of the United States of the 12th of Janu-
ary, to submit a report, and I ask that it may be
printed. It is the opinion of the committee that
the offices of Commissioner and Surveyor on the
part of the United States, on the Mexican Bound-
ary Commission, terminated on the 1st day of
January last, and that there are now no persons
legally filling those offices.
The report was ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTES.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consen t,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a tri-weekly mail route from Aberdeen, Mis-
sissippi, to Yazoo City, in said State; also a weekly mail
route from Fulton, Mississippi, to Thompson's store, in
Itawamba county, thence to the cross roads, thence to Max-
cy's mills, and thence to Fulton.
CHESAPEAKE AND. OHIO CANAL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the message
fh>m the House of Representatives, requesting an
attested copy of the bill entitled " An act directing
a survey and estimate of the cost of constructing
a canal basin at the terminus of the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal in Georgetown;" and it was con-
curred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Fornet, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had concurred in the resolution passed
by the Senate, for the appointment of a committee
to ascertain and report a mode of examining the
