468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
votes for President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, and of notifying the persons elected of
their election; and that it had appointed Mr.
George W. Jones, of Tenness8e,Mr. Chandler,
of Pennsylvania, Mr. John G. Davis, of Indi-
ana, Mr. Alexander H. Stephens, of Georgia,
and Mr. Dean, of New York, the committee on
their part.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FOOT gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Margaret
Barnett, only surviving heir of Lieutenant Colonel
David Greer, of the Army of the Revolution.
GENERAL RILEY.
The bill for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Bennet Riley, and to enable him to settle his
accounts with the United States, was read a third
time and passed.
CENSUS RETURNS.
Mr. BORLAND. I offer the following reso-
lution:
RciolceJ, That the Committee 011 Printing be instructed
10 inquire and report, by bill or otlieru what measures
-itiall be taken for the printing ot the returns of the Sev-
enth Census.
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider the resolution at this time, and I suppose
there will be no objection to it. There is a uni-
versal demand for the publication of the returns of
the late census. 11 is a matter that has been on hand
for some time. The Committee on Printing have j
deemed it best to take some action on the subject,
and they suppose it to be proper that there should,
in the first place, be an order of the Senate for
their action.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the general consent of
the Senate to give me the residue of the morning
hour, for the purpose of taking up the bill to
" extend the warehousing system, by etablishing
private bonded warehouses, and for other pur-
poses." If it gives rise to debate, I shall, at one
o'clock, when the special order comes up, give
way. I hope the Senate will agree to take up that
bill now.
Mr. RUSK. There is a measure pending be-
fore the Senate, which I think it to be my special
duty to press forward. It is a matter of general I
interest. I refer to the Pacific railroad bill, and I j
cannot allow any other matter to interfere with it.
Mr. HUNTER. I only ask for the morning j
hour. i
Mr. RUSK. But the difficulty about that ar-
rangement is, that this bill will be left unfinished, i
and the whole subject will have to be gone over
again to-morrow. That course of proceeding em-
barrasses us very much. Yesterday we took up
a particular matter, through courtesy to one of our
members, and it was left as the unfinished business,
and upon it another gentleman has the floor to-
day, and we cannot, without discourtesy towards
him, deprive him of it. I think the better policy 1
is to keep on with the consideration of one subject
until we dispose of it, and not to have three or
four things pending at the same time. I think that
the Pacific railroad bill will not take more than two
days at the furthest to determine it one way or the
other. When that is disposed of, we shall then
be clear of it, and can go on with other business. '
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask the honorable
chairman of the Select Committee on the railroad
question whether he proposes to call up that bill
this morning ?
Mr. RUSK. I desire to call it up at the earliest
possible moment. !
Mr. HUNTER. It is suggested to me that it
requires unanimous consent to take up the bill
which I have proposed to take up during the morn-
ing hour. Is that so?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it only requires a majority to pass over
the previous orders and take up the bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I shall not oppose the
motion of the honorable Senator from Virginia
because he contemplates acting on a practical meas-
ure; but I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to the bill from the House regulating the fees of
clerks, marshals, and attorneys, which was re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, with
sundry amendments, some days since. I wish to
give notice that 1 shall to-morrow, during the
morning hour, ask the Senate to take up the bill
and act upon it, in orderthat the amendments may
be sent to the House in time for their action
during this session.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to, and
the bill " to extend the warehousing system by
establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes," was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I will state
very briefly the objects of this bill. It proposes
to amend the existing warehouse law in two im-
portant particulars. As the law now stands, we
have, in certain large ports, public warehouses,
and no goods can go into private bonded ware-
houses until the public warehouses are full. The
objection on the part of depositors and merchants,
is, that the public warehouses in some places, par-
ticularly at New York, are in inconvenient posi-
tions, and that the amounts deposited are so large
that it is impossible to obtain insurance upon
them. There was lately danger of a fire in one of
those warehouses, and none of the goods, I be-
lieve, had been insured, on that account.
Besides this, it has been found, so far as the ex-
periment has gone, thatit is cheaper and better, in
every way, to store in the private bonded ware-
houses; or, in other words, to leave this branch of
business open to individual competition. In Great
Britain, where there is much larger experience on
this subject than we have, it has been found to be
the preferable system. But in order to test the
matter fully, it is proposed in this bill that the
public warehouses which we now have on lease
shall be retained, but that the depositor shall have
his option of depositing the goods in the private or
in the public warehouses, with a further provision,
which we think experiencejustifies—for this bill
has been examined at the Treasury Department,
as well as by the Committee on Finance—that
when these leases expire, (and they are mostly
' leases for long terms,) the public warehouses shall
no more be rented, except in those small ports
where we cannot introduce the private bonded
warehouse system, and where some public store
may be necessary. That is the material amend-
ment.
There is also another provision. W e have here-
tofore required the owners of private bonded ware-
houses to pay for our inspectors; for, as a matter
of course, the buildings and goods had to be placed
under-the charge of the Government inspectors.
They have complained, and I think with reason,
that this charge weighed heavily 00 them, for it
has been a source of some revenue. We have de-
rived from it more than our actual expenditure.
Instead of that, it is proposed in this bill, that
the proprietors of private bonded warehouses shall
pay a certain sum for their license, which sum
will be enough to cover all the charges of inspec-
tion, in lieu of the fees now charged, which have
proved vexatious, and been the occasion of suits.
The only other material provision of the bill is,
that it extends the period during which goods
may be deposited in warehouse, so as to corre-
spond with the old debenture system. Before the
warehouse system was adopted, importers could
at any time within three years, reexport goods
imported. It is proposed now to allow them to
deposit in the public warehouses for three years,
whether for reexportation or withdrawal for do-
mestic consumption. That is an alteration of the
existing law, which stands thus: You may de-
Eosit for two years, if the object is to reexport,
ut only for one year if the object is to withdraw
the goods for domestic consumption. This dif-
ference has made a serious inconvenience, because
when goods have been withdrawn for consump-
tion, the parties have been permitted, in some in-
stances, to return them within two years; and the
old debenture system has thus been reintroduced,
although it was the object of the law establishing
the warehousing system to destroy it. To do
away with all these difficulties and all that com-
plicity, as well as to give our navigating trade
the advantage of the storage of the goods of the
world here, and to give to owners of property in
our cities the advantages of the profit derived from
storing goods, it is proposed to extend this time
to three years. These are the material provis-
ions of the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am not exactly satisfied
with that provision of this bill which extends the
time for depositing goods in warehouses to three
years. That is so much credit; it is giving the
importer that much time to pay the import duties.
But as we cannot proceed with the discusnion of
this bill at this time, I shall forbear making any
remarks upon the subject, for I understand the
; bill was to he taken up only during the morning
' hour. The bill may be right, but 1 want a little
! further time to look into it. I do not understand
its provisions exactly. I do not know what is to
be its effect upon the revenue, and upon the
amount of goods imported. I hope, therefore,
that it will be suffered to lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the request of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will be granted. There
is one section in this bill—that which has been
referred to by him—which I think requires the
consideration of the Senate before it be adopted,
and I may wish to be heard upon it. I hope,
therefore, that the Senator from Virginia will con-
i sent to let it lie over.
|j Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can move to
postpone it until to-morrow in the morning hour.
Mr. MILLER^. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill until to-morrow at
; half-past twelve o'clock.
jj The motion was agreed to.
j| REORGANIZATION OP THE NAVY.
11 Mr. STOCKTON. I move that the Senate pro-
! i ceed to the consideration of the bill to organize the
Navy of the United States.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, that the Senator ffom
Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] agreeably to all our cus-
tom, has the floor for the day on the subject which
was discussed yesterday by the honorable Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] Having got the
floor yesterday afternoon, and having come here
prepared to address the Senate to-day, I think we
should hear him.
Mr. STOCKTON. This bill is a very import-
ant one, and at the beginning of the last week, it
was made the special order for this day. I am of
the opinion that it would occupy but a very short
time. I do not think1 it will give rise to any pro-
longed discussion, and I believe that within an
hour we may be able to dispose of it. Perhaps
that course will meet the wishes of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. CASS. I do not think there is the least
prospect of carrying such a bill through without
discussion. I have great confidence in the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey, but his bill is one
jj which will necessarily provoke discussion. We
Ij cannot reorganize such an arm of the national de-
! fense as the Navy without mature examination. 1
: therefore suggest, that it would be better to allow
that bill to he over until the Senator from Louisi-
ana shall have been heard.
Mr. HALE. I wish to make one suggestion
to the Senator from New Jersey. I understand
from him that he has prepared a number of amend-
ments which he intends to offer when his bill shall
be taken up. I would suggest, therefore, that the
bill be taken up, and that the Senator from New
Jersey submit his amendments. They can be
printed, and then the bill can lie over until to-mor-
row.
Mr. BADGER. That is a fair compromise,
j Mr. CASS. That is the first time, 1 think, the
j Senator from New Hampshire has been for a com-
1 promise. [Laughter.]
; Mr. STOCKTON. I do not like compromises
j of that kind where the advantages seem to be all
011 one side. I would prefer yielding, as a matter of
courtesy, to the Senator from Louisiana, rather
than bargain for what I am quite disposed to give
without a contract; but if it please the Senate, I
will take advantage of the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. It would not be fair for me
now to make the speech which I intended, as I have
agreed to give way to the Senator from Louisiana;
but, at the suggestion of the Senator from New
Hampshire, I submit the amendments which I in-
tend to offer, and ask that they may be laid upon
the table and printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. I now move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
