470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
cause the public lands through which it passes to be sur-
veyed; and whenever, in his judgment, the same may be
necessary, order troops and military escorts to accompany
and protect the persons engaged in the construction of said
road.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to move a slight amend-
ment to the amendment, with a view to correct an
incongruity which appears in the fourth section
of the bill. I move to strike out the word
" throughout," in the second line of that section,
and to insert the words, " by contract as herein-
after provided," so that the section will read thus:
" that the said road shall be constructed by con-
tract as hereinafter provided," &c.
Mr. RUSK. That correction is necessary to
make the sense of what is there perfectly plain.
Mr. NORRIS. 1 raise a point of order. Is
there not an amendment to an amendment already
pending ?
The PRESIDENT. 'The Chair understood that
yesterday this bill, by unanimous consent, was
substituted as the special order, in place of the
bill introduced by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Gwijj.] It is therefore open to amendment.
It was not adopted as an amendment to the bill of
the Senator from California.
Mr. NORRIS. This is reported by the com-
mittee as a substitute, striking out all after the
enacting clause of the bill which was referred to
them, and inserting what they report. That is the
record.
Mr. RUSK. I will explain to the honorable
Senator, that bill No. 396, which is now before us,
was substituted as the special order in place of bill
No. 560, which then took its proper place on the
calendar. The report from the Special Committee
is to strike out all of bill No. 396, which is now
before us as an.independent bill, after the enacting
clause, and insert the amendment which has been
read by the Clerk, as a substitute. Therefore, as
a substitute, it is open to amendment before the
question is taken on the striking out of the original
bill and inserting.
Mr. NORRIS. Really I do not understand
this. This amendment having been adopted in-
stead of the original bill 
Mr. RUSK. The Senator is mistaken in that.
This bill is not adopted. The other bill is on the
calendar, and it was so stated yesterday. The
bill now before us, is only substituted on the cal- ■
endar as the special order in place of bill No. 560.
It is not a substitute for that bill itself by any
means. It is only substituted as the special order. !
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest to the hon- j
orable Senator from New Hampshire, that his
difficulty is avoided by this view of the subject: |
The bill No. 560, which was under consideration 1
before the bill which is now before us was made
the special order, which was yesterday, is not
under consideration at all to-day.
Mr. RUSK. It was laid aside by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BORLAND. It was laid aside, and bill
No. 396, was made the special order in its place.
The latter bill we are now considering, without
reference to any other bill whatever.
Mr. NORRIS. I should like to know what
the Journal says. This seems to me most sin-
gular.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform
the Senator that no rule has been observed in this
case. By unanimous consent, they were all set
- aside, and this bill was made the special order.
By unanimous consent, the Chair considered it as
taking the place of bill No. 560, as the special
order.
Mr. NORRIS. I would suggest to the Chair
that it is not a bill, but a mere amendment.
Mr. RUSK. The bill which was substituted
as the special order is before us, and the proposi-
tion of the committee is to strike out all after the
enacting clause and insert. The original bill pro-
vides " for the protection of the emigrant route
' and a telegraphic line, and for an overland mail
' between the Missouri river and the settlements
in California and Oregon." The proposition of
the committee is to strike out all of that bill after
the enacting clause and insert what they report
as an amendment. e
IMr. NORRIS. That is my understanding ex- '
actly. The proposition is to strike out all after I
the enacting clause and insert. I
Mr. BELL. I ask for the reading of the por-'
tion of the Journal which relates to the subject.
j It was read as follows:
"The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the consideration of the bill for the protection of the emi-
grant route and a telegraphic line, and for an overland mail
between the Missouh river and the settlements in Califor-
nia and Oregon, with the amendment reported thereto."
" On motion by Mr. RUSK,
" Ordered, That the further consideration thereofbe post-
poned to, and be the order of the day for, to-morrow."
Mr. BELL. I see no irregularity in that. It
was perfectly in the power of the Senate to take
up that bill which was originally from the Com-
mittee on Territories, and thencommitit to a select
committee. Then, upon the report of the select
committee—and this amendment is the result of
the labor of the committee—the Senate proceeds
to take up that bill and makes it the order for this
: day. It seems to me to be perfectly in the power
of the Senate to do that without any violation of
' the rules. There is no irregularity in it. We
have not the bill before us now which we had up
the other day. It still stands upon the calen-
dar.
Mr. NORRIS. So this is reported by the com-
mittee as an amendment to the original Jjill.
Mr. BELL. That is right.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think I can state the case
so that it will be understood. At the last session
of Congress I reported from the Committee on
Territories the bill No. 396. At this session the
Senator from California [Mr. G wiv] introduced
i a bill (Tio. 560) for the construction of a railroad
!! to the Pacific. Pending Jhe discussion on the lat-
1 ter bill, the Senate referred the former one which
: I reported, to a special committee. The special
| committee reported a substitute for it, and then,
as it was desired to consider the substitute reported
by the special committee, the Senate, by unani-
mous consent, agreed to make the bill which I
reported, and the substitute, the special order of
the day for to-day in place of the bill introduced
by the Senator from California. The bill which
I reported is, therefore, the one now under consid-
, eration. It is a bill providing for some military
posts between the Missouri and the Pacific, and
1 the substitute or amendment reported by the spe- 1
| cial committee is a railroad bill. So there can be
! no irregularity in considering the bill as it now
stands.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The first question, then,
I presume, is upon the substitute offered by the
i Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] from the Special
! Committee.
i The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
| amendment offered by the Senator from Connect-
icut to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have an amendment to
offer in the shape of.fi substitute.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is upon
the amendment offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Connecticut to withdraw that amendment,
and submit one to add the words, " by contract
as hereinafter provided," after the word "con-
structed" in the second line of the first section.
Mr. SMITH. That will accomplish my ob-
ject as well, and have the same effect. I there-
fore withdraw my proposition, and make the one
suggested by the Senator.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I now
move to strike out all after the enacting clause, and
substitute the amendment which I send to the
Chair.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would raise the question
whether or not such a proposition can be enter-
tained now?
The PRESIDENT. The opinion of the Chair
is that it cannot be entertained, because there is a
proposition pending to strike out all after the en-
acting clause, and insert a substitute.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If it is out of order to
offer my proposition as an amendment now, I
ask that it may be read for the information of the
Senate, and I will state that when I can do so in
order, I shall offer it as amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to ask a division of the
motion to strike out and insert.
Several Senators. You cannot do that.
Mr. DAWSON. Why pan you not do it? I
will ask the Chair whether it will not be in order
to divide the motion to strike out and insert ?
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be done, In the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the Chair
what is the original proposition before the Sen-
ate ?
The PRESIDENT. It is a bill for the protec-
tion of the emigrant route and a telegraphic line,
and for an overland mail between the Missouri
river and the settlements in California and Oregon.
Mr. HAMLIN. The motion pending is to
strike out the whole of that bill, and insert what
has been reported from the Special Committee ?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN.- This, then, is an amendment
pending, and now I appeal to the Chair, and ask
if it is not in order to strike out the whole of that
amendment? Most assuredly it can be done; just
as certainly as that two and two make four; and if
I cannot demonstrate it, 1 will say that two and
two do not make four.
A Senator. Read the rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have read the rule; I under-
j stand the rule, and there is no doubt, in my pidg-
j ment—not a solitary doubt—and I think the Chair
j will come to the same conclusion. Here is an
| original proposition. We shall have to vote on
i the amendment. If you adopt it, by all parliament-
j ary rules, you cannot amend it after it is adopted.
When ought you to amend it ? Before it is adopted.
' How amend it? Just as the Senate shall see fit.
j We will strike out one section, if we please, and
adopt all the rest; or amend one section, if we
please, and adopt the rest; or we may strike out
the whole of it and put in one single section, just
as the Senator from Pennsylvania proposes. That,
as I understand it, has been the uniform practice
of the Senate, and I think the Chair will come to
that conclusion on examining the subject. There
can be no doubt about it—none in the world. I
understand the Senator from Connecticut proposed
an amendment to the amendment which has been
adopted. Now, what is the amendment we will
make to the amendment? That is the very ques-
tion before us. We will amend it entirely, if we
please, by striking out the whole, or we will amend
it by striking out one section, or we will add to it.
But after the amendment shall have been adopted,
it must stand as the judgment of the Senate. That
is the parliamentary law, as I understand it,and I
ask the Chair if it is not so 1
Mr. RUSK. I will not be so positive about the
rules as the honorable Senator from Maine is, for
I do not know so much about them as he seems
! to know; but I understand the rule to say, you
may amend an amendment. So far as that goes,
! then, you can amend an amendment; you may
strikeoutall butone ortwo words,and add others.
That is amending it. But if you strike out all, is
that amending it?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will leave the word
i "that."
Mr. BELL. I hope some mode will be devised
by which, consistently with parliamentary pro-
ceedings, the question which the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania wishes to have tested in
the Senate will be brought to a vote. 1 think that
perhaps the honorable Senator from Maine is
wrong in regard to his exposition of the rule of
parliamentary proceedings, because you must
leave something of the amendment standing. I
understand, the position of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania is, to set aside the amendment
reported from the Select Committee altogether.
! The PRESIDENT. It is to strike out all after
the enacting clause.
Mr. BELL. If the Senator will consider a mo-
! ment, he can perhaps find some words in the
, amendment of the committee upon which he can
hang his amendment, and then we shall have the
i question, whether or not it is worth while to pro-
ceed with the further consideration of a proposi-
tion to build a railroad, or to authorize a railroad
to be built by law. I understand that the orepo-
sition of the Senator from Pennsylvania is, that
there ought to be a preliminary question consid-
ered and settled. That is, whether we are in a
condition to enact anything in relation to a road,
except to make an appropriation for a reconnois-
sance and survey of the country over which we
propose to construct it. I presume no Senator has
any objection to the immediate consideration of
that question, because it is preliminary in its na-
ture. If we have not sufficient light to pass a law
