1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
so in reference to all the actions of individuals in 1
their contracts; it is so in reference to the con-
tracts of the States; and I presume the same prin-
ciple will hold in reference to the contracts of the
United States. With time and mouey, I do not
doubt that this work may be made; but here you
have a bill introduced, which, in effect, creates
a great corporation; and, without intrusting any
discretion to the future President of these United
States, he is compelled to contract for the road, if
it is found to be practicable, within the sense of
the capacity to have it made. He is compelled to
contract without limitation of price or of time, or
any limitation whatever, for the making of this
road; and will you not be bound to comply with
the contract, no matter to what extent it may go'
It is true, a provision has been inserted pro-
viding for the issuing of bonds to the amount of
$30,000,000, and granting alternate sections of
land for the purpose of aiding: in the construction
of the road. But there is no limitation of price as
to the contract to be made. The President is
bound to make a contract, if the road is found to
be practicable ; that is, if it can be done within any
space of time, and with any amount of money.
For one, I shall never agree to vote for the con-
struction of this road, until I know whether it can
be made within the means which, regarding the
Treasury of the United States, and regarding the
interests of our people, may be considered practi-
cable; and I do not pledge myself to vote for it even
then.
The honorable Senator from California [Mr.
Weller] has chosen in his remarks in reference
to the amendment offered by the honorable Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, to impute to him that,
whether he designs it or not, his amendment shows
a want of confidence on his part in the discretion
of the President elect of the United States. I may
be allowed to say, sir, that when I look at this bill
as it stands, it is, in my opinion, a project to create
a corporation with a power, which if you ever do
create it, will be fourfold the power of that cor-
poration aeninst which the Democratic party of
the United States were at war for a series of years.
Are we to pass a measure of this kind for the con-
struction of this work, without limitation as to
cost, when we have no information whatever as to
the extent which that cost will be ? We have no
survey or reconnoissance to enable us to form a
judgment on that point, or to decide whether,
when the road is made, it can even, by the quan-
tity of commerce which is to pass over it, pay the
expenses of its wear and tear, in order to keep it
up. We have no information at all on these
subjects, and the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania is to get at "these matters, which I
say constitute the practicability of the road, as
well as does the mere possibility that with time
and a lavish expenditure of money, it can be
made. When such a proposition is offered, the
Senator from California tells the Senator from
Pennsylvania that it shows a want of confidence in
the discretion of the next President of the United
States. Allow me to say to the honorable Senator
from California, that if I can judge from the ante-
cedents of the next President of the United States,
this bill—whether you have the reconnoissances or
not (and I freely admit that as it now stands it can
never get my vote)—never could receive the sanc-
tion of Franklin Pierce. I judge from his previ-
ous course in the Senate of the United States; I
judge from the previous opinions which he has
expressed; I judge from what I believe has been -
hitherto, up to the time when this proposition has
been made, the course of the Democratic party of
this Union since the time when Andrew jackson
vetoed the Maysville road bill.
I do not mean to desert those principles on any
ground of expediency, or on any of the magnifi-
cent ideas entertained by the honorable Senator
from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] as to the benefits of
this road to the commerce of this country. There
is a question with me, independent of the benefit
to be conferred: whether it is within the constitu-
tional power of this Government to create such a
corporation as this bill proposes to create. And
further, beyond the question of constitutional
power, there is a question whether the corruption
that would result from the irresponsible power
vested in such a corporation would not be greater
than all the benefits to commerce which could flow
from such a road.
This question is pressed at the close of the sec-
ond or short session of this Congress, when the
people of this country, by their late vote, have de-
creed a change of the political power which con-
trols the Executive Department. Under such cir-
cumstances, it looks as if there was something
like a fear on the part of the honorable Senator
from California, that the incoming President of the
United States, judging by his previous opinions,
might never be brought to sanction a bill to make ,
such a road as this; and that, perhaps, is the reason
why it is pressed upon us at this time without any
preliminary surveys at all.
I shall vote for the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania. My convictions on
this subject are very strong,and I cannot perceive
any possible ground for forcing the bill through at
this time, except that ground of fear as to what
will be the action of the next President of the
United States. Unless there be an intention to
prevent his passing on a measure which involves
an entire change in the policy of the Democratic
party, I cannot see why this bill is to be forced
through without a preliminary survey to tell you
the cost of the work, as well as the mere fact that
it can be made.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I believe that
time would be saved by Senators briefly indicating
their opinions in reference to the important meas-
ures now before us—the bill presented by the
honorable Senator from Texas, and that presented
by the honorable Senator from California. I do ,
not propose to enter, at this time, nor do ^know
that I shall at any subsequent time, into the gen-
eral discussion of the principles involved in the
bills, but I have a word to say in reference to the
bill of the Senator from Texas.
I am aware that a railroad from any point on
our western frontier to the Pacific would be hailed
by the people of the United States generally as a
favorite measure. It is a popular measure. It is
one that will be approved by the great mass of
the people, provided such a measure can be passed
upon proper principles; and in avowing my unal-
terable opposition to the bill of the Senator from
Texas as it now reads, I do not intend to indicate
that I would not vote for such a bill as I believe
comes within the legitimate bounds of the Consti-
tution; but for the bill of the honorable Senator
from Texas, I never can vote, and I never will
vote. It starts out by designating the President
elect of the United States as the president of this
road. I have lately voted for that gentleman for
President of the United States, and I think, from
the indications around us, that he will have quite
enough to do, if he performs the duties designated
by the Constitution, without loading him down
with the embarrassments which must necessarily
result from making him president of a great cor-
poration like this.
I am willing to vote land for a road from any
point west of Missouri to any point on the bound-
aries of the State of California, and any quantity
of land for the purpose of making the railroad; but
I will not vote a dollar of money to locate the road
anywhere within the limits of any one of the States
of this Union. I do not believe that we have any
constitutional power to take money out of the
National Treasury for the purpose of making rail-
roads within the limits of any one of the States of
the Union, nor wili I vote either land or money
until we have organized a regular company for the
purpose of having reconnoissances and surveys
made. The honorable Senator from Maine says
it will take years to do this. Let it take years. To
order a road without a reconnoissance and survey
would be a departure from principle—it would be
violative of all those rules of economy that should,
in my judgment, characterize the act of any states-
man. We ought to know, in advance, what the
road is to cost, and where it is to run; and by so
doing, we shall obviate many of the difficulties
that have surrounded many of the States of this
Union. It was by adopting just such a system as
is proposed by the honorable Senator from Texas,
that the States of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and various other States, had their credit
for the time broken down, and themselves bank- |
rupted. It was by commencing works without
knowing what they were to cost, and where they I
were to run—without taking the necessary pre-
liminary steps.
Before I give my vote, either for the measure of
the Senator from Texas, or for the measure of the (
Senator from California, or for any other project j
that may be brought forward proposing a road to
any point on the Pacific, I must know where it is
to run, and the probable amount that it will cost.
I know in advance that it is to cost millions; yea,
hundreds of millions. I think every consideration
of prudence dictates that we should know in ad-
vance what we are about to do. I have as much
confidence in the President elect as has any other
gentleman on this floor; and I am unwilling to
delegate to him any such power as is contained in
this great corporation bill. I am unwilling on
constitutional grounds to do so. And furthermore,
I would be unwilling to embarrass him with any
such duties as are imposed by this bill. But, sir,
I repeat, I do not intend to indicate, by what I
hare said, opposition to a road starting and ending1
at the proper points, within the constitutional ana
legitimate limits of the Government; but I will
not be brought to vote for it, or any other kindred
measure, without knowing in advance what I am
doing.
Mr. GWIN. As this question cannot be de-
cided to-night, and as I wish to have a short Ex-
ecutive session, I move to postpone its further
consideration till to-morrow.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope the Senator from Texas
will be allowed to reply to the Senator from Indi-
ana.
Mr. GWIN. Certainly, if he wishes it. 1
merely wished to give notice that I want to have
an Executive session for the purpose of referring
a nomination to a committee, but I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, it is very easy to
talk of the powerful corporations. It is very easy
to talk about a violation of the Constitution of
the United States, and the enormous expenditure
of money involved in this proposition, and the
unlimited powers we are about to confer upon a
corporation; but there is some difficulty in draw-
ing that from the bill which has been reported to
the Senate by the Select Committee. The honor-
able Senator from Delaware has chosen to charac-
terize this bill as involving an unlimited amount
of expenditure, and says we do not know the
cost to which it will lead. Sir, every dollar of
the cost is set down.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ? The fifth section of this bill makes it
the duty of the President of the United States to
cause advertisements to be published in two news-
papers in each of the States, inviting proposals
for the various descriptions of the work, and
directing the President to make a contract upon
those proposals, with the persons who may be the
lowest and best bidders, and who give security
for the performance of the work. Tljere is no
limitation upon the price at which that contract
is to be made; at least I can see none. If that be
so, then the amount of appropriations made in
another clause, with a view to aid in the work,
whether they are adequate or not, do not touch
the question. If you make a contract, and it is
made for what the cost of the road will be, no
matter to what extent, you will be obliged to com-
ply with it.
Mr. RUSK. If the honorable Senator will
read my bill, he will find that the President can-
not go beyond its limits. He is expressly con-
fined within the bounds prescribed. He is tocon-
' tract " on the terms and conditions " prescribed
in the bill. Who supposes that, with an appro-
priation of $20,000,000, the President will go be-
yond it? Nobody can suppose it. It is utterly
out of the question. I know very well that the
Senator, by picking out one line and reading it
alone, may convey the idea which seems to be
impressed on his mind; but everybody knows,
however, Scripture may be quoted to baa purposes
in that way. You must take the bill as a whole, as
' a connected measure, and judge of it in that way.
It proposes an appropriation of alternate sec-
tions for six miles on eacn side of the road through
the States, alternate sections of twelve miles on
each side through the Territories, and an appro-
priation of the fixed sum of $20,000,000 in bonds
'' of the Government, payable in fifty years, and
bearing an interest of five per cent. Beyond that
the President cannot go. There is the limit. He
may go just as much below that as any company
will be willing to take the work for; and for that
purpose he is to advertise for proposals. So
much, then, for the unlimited contract that is to
be made.
