474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
Then, with regard to the " tremendous corpo-
ration " spoken of by the Senators from Delaware
and Indiana; they will not vote to embarrass the
country with such a tremendous corporation.
Why, the only question with regard to corpora-
tions raised in my bill is the power of Congress
to create a corporation in the Territories; for it
g-oes on to declare, in more places than one, that
it is to have no force or effect in any of the States
of the Union until it is assented to by the Legisla-
ture of such State. So much for the tremendous
powers that have alarmed the two Senators!
t^ut it is said that I propose the expenditure of
money within one of the States of the Union.
Sir, we are bound to defend California. The
Constitution requires us to defend California.
Our sacred treaty stipulations require us to defend
the frontiers of Mexico; and while gentlemen here
are talking of economy, scenes are taking place
upon those frontiers which are disgraceful to the
Government under which we live. I have just
received intelligence that some emigrants, some of
the hardy yeomen of our country, traveling in
that very Territory which it is our duty under the
Constitution to protect, and which it is our duty
under solemn treaty stipulations to defend, were
lately attacked by Indians, and the whole company
were killed, with the exception of a very interest-
ing lady and her two children, who are now in
brutal slavery among hostile savages. Yet, sir,
we stand here and talk of tremendous corporations.
Let gentlemen point out any feature in the bill
authorizing such a charge. We talk here of ex-
penditure of money. Why, we are now paying
to steam lines to get a monthly communication
between New York and California a larger sum
of money, if it be kept on for any length of time,
than is proposed to be voted for this road.
If gentlemen say there is a violation of the Con-
stitution, let them point it out. Do not let them
deal in this " raw-head and bloody-bones" busi-
ness of talking about tremendous corporations,
floods of corruption, want of proper information,
and all that sort of thing. Let them take up the
bid, and point out where it conflicts with the Con-
stitution. Let them prove that you cannot carry
a mail to California. Let them prove that it is
not your duty to do that, and to protect that de-
fenseless frontier. Let them take up the Consti-
tution and prove that you cannot adopt the means
necessary to defend all your possessions; and then
prove that it is not your duty to do it. Let them
select from the bill, and not from the workings of
imagination, its objectionable features. Let us
have no more of this raw-head and bloody-bones
business of allusions to the United States Bank,
and talk about Democracy. Why, sir, the chief
apostle of Democracy, General Jackson, said that
he would vote money out of the Treasury, or that
he would sanction the voting of money out of the
Treasury, for internal improvements of a general
and national character. Then, to keep within the
pale of Democracy, let gentlemen take up and
prove that the Pacific railroad, without which you
cannot defend California in case an attack should
be made upon her, is a matter of local, and not of
general importance, then I will submit.
Mr. WELLER obtained the floor, but at the
request of Mr. Bayard gave way to that gentle-
man. •
Mr. BAYARD. The remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Texas in reference to the com-
ments in which I indulged in regard to this bill,
would not be noticed by me except from the
manner in which he spoke. I consider the em-
phasis of his manner, more than anything weighty
m his argument in regard to the merits of his
proposition, demands a notice from me. I will ,
.f1!?.- n?"ver.y succinctly to point out in what |
mode this bill strikes me as containing the evils i
which I suggested as a reason why it should not '
U£ we knew the c°st of the work.
My first proposition was, that though this bill
«9n nnn nnn , 13fumg °/ bonds t0 the amount of
$20,000,000, to be paid according to its terms
hereafter, and though it appropriates alternate
sections of land for twelve miles in width where
the road runs through the Territories and six miles
where it runs through the States, with a provision
that in case that land is not to be found it is to be
made up by other land in the vicinity—though
that is the actual appropriation for the purpose of
aiding in the construction of this work accord- 1
ing to the language of the third section, yet ac- !
cording to the first section it is made the duty of
the President of the United States to cause the
work to he constructed. The language of the first
section is in these words:
" It shall be the duty of the President of the United States
to cause to be constructed, so soon as it may be practicable
after the passage nfthia act, a railroad and telegraphic line
connecting the valley of the Mississippi with the Pacific
ocean, at such points as he may designate, upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter prescribed."
Thus it will be seen that the first section requires
him to have this railroad constructed upon certain
terms and conditions. The third section makes
the appropriations to which I have alluded, for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of the road.
But the fifth section, which I say is the important
section in regard to this question of unlimited ex-
penditure, is—
u That so soon as the general route for the said road shall
have been selected and determined upon, it shall be the
duty of the President of the United States to cause adver-
tisements to be published in at least two of the newspapers
in each of the States, specifying the various descriptions of
work to be done, and inviting sealed proposals to execute
the same, which proposals shall beopened and examined," i
&o.; « and said road shall be let to the lowest and best bid- i
ders." I
Thus the President is compelled to enter into I
contract with the lowest bidders; for what? For
the construction of this road.
Let me ask, will not the President, under this
section, be authorized and required to contract, no
matter what may be the cost, although the provis-
ions, by way of appropriation in the bill, may not
be sufficient to reach the terms of the contract?
Will not the President be bound to contract for
the whole road, at whatever price may be pro-
posed by'the lowest and best bidders? There is
no limitation as to the price for which a contract is
to be made; and if the contractors should make a
contract for a very large amount of money, they
know perfectly well that they could fall back on
this Government, and say, " Here is the contract—
we hive half made the road, and your appropria-
tions have failed, and now you are bound by your
public faith, in addition to the benefits arising to
the community from the construction of the road,
to comply with the contract, although it may cost
$300,000,000 or $500,000,000." I said before, that
I put that construction on the bill. I may be mis-
taken, but I still think that I am right. Thehon-
orable Senator from Texas will have to give me
some better reasons than mere denunciations be-
fore he will shake me from the point which I take
in regard to the construction of the bill, that it is
unlimited as regards the price that the road will
cost; and that the President is bound to contract
with the lowest bidder, without regard to price,
and that, too, without regard to the appropriations
contained in the bill, for they are made, according
to the third section, for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of the work.
^ Mr. WELLER here claimed the floor, having
given way merely for explanation.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 2, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has counted the
members present, and finds there is not a quorum.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The roll was then called, and 137 members an-
swered to their names.
Mr. DEAN. I move that all further proceed-
ing under the call be dispensed with.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the consideration
of the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will first be read.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration ofthe resolution submitted by
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
on yesterday, for the termination of debate in the
Committee ofthe Wholeon the state ofthe Union,
on the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
] consent ofthe House for leave to introduce a bill to
! organize theTerritory of Nebraska, with a view to
its reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, that it may comeup for action
on the day set apart for territorial business.
There was no objection, and the bill was intro-
duced.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a privileged question. I
desire to state to the House the fact, that since the
passage of Senate bill (No. 208) the party—Mrs.
Barbara Reily—for whose benefit it was passed,
has died. It therefore can effect nothing, and I
have felt it to be my duty to state this fact, that the
House may take such action in regard to the mat-
ter as they deem best.
Mr JENKINS. Is a motion to lay the bill on
the table in order?
The SPEAKER. If, by unanimons consent,
the bill is received back in that form, it will be in
order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rights of the
Senate may tie involved in this matter. I think
this is an important question. The bill has passed
the Senate, and gone to the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, which committee now reports that the
beneficiary of the act died before its passage, and
that it would be a nullity if signed by the Presid-
ing Officers of the two Houses, and approved by
the President. Whatever we do should be done
with the assent of the Senate. It would be a very
extraordinary proceeding for us to lay on the table
an enrolled bill, at which the Senate might justly
complain.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. The Committee on Enrolled Bills of the
House of Representatives have no control over
bills after they have attained the stage this has,
except to report them as correctly enrolled.
The SPEAKER. It will be competent for the
House, in the opinion of the Chair, by unanimous
consent, to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed. That would be the regular mode of
reaching it; then to notify the Senate of that fact.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The bill, then, cannot be
received.
Mr. STUART. Will the Chair allow me to
make a single suggestion with reference to this
subject ? Is not this a case where the House may
appoint a Committee of Conference to notify the
Senate of that fact ?
The SPEAKER. The bill has regularly passed,
and is in the hands ofthe Committee on Enrolled
Bills, whose business is to see that it is faithfully
I enrolled and reported to the House.
> Mr. STUART. I am aware of that; but let
the Speaker understand me. Suppose that com-
mittee report the bill as correctly enrolled ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then it must be signed by
the Speaker.
Mr. STUART. The fact that the individual
for whose benefit the bill is passed is dead, appears
to the House. It is necessary to have some action
with the Senate, in order to determine what shall
now be done with that bill. I submit, without
any reference to our rules, as a matter of parlia-
mentary law, that when such questions arise, it is
perfectly competent for the House to appoint a
Committee of Conference, and to ask a similar
one on the part of the Senate, to determine what
shall be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not competent for the Committee on Enrolled Bills
to report this bill back in this form,unless by the
unanimous consent of the House; but that, by
unanimous consent, it would be competent for the
, House to reconsider the vote by which the bill
passed, and to regularly notify the Senate of that
fact. Objection has been made, and the Chair
decides that the committee cannot report the bill.
Mr. HENN. I desire to state that I did not
report the bill, but merely the fact ofthe death of
Barbara Reily, for whose relief the bill was passed,
in order that the House might take action upon
the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported the following bills as correctly en-
rolled; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker, viz:
S. No. 238. An act for the relief of Thompson
Hutchinson;
S. No. 239. An act for the relief of Elizabeth
