476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2.
ing a different number of grains of standard silver, j
Is it not apparent that by this mode of legislation
you defeat the very object contemplated by the
Constitution—a uniform currency throughout the
Union' Sir, I am opposed to this tinkering with
the currency of the country—this charlatanism—
without understanding the subject upon which we
propose to legislate.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman will perm it
me, I propose to change the standard of the three
cent pieces, for the purpose of bringing them back
to the uniform standard of other silver coin.
When it was originally proposed to coin these
three-cent pieces for use, a bill was drawn up pro-
viding that they should be coined entirely out of
the depreciated Spanish coin. This depreciated
Spanish coin was only to be received at the Mint
for the purpose of their manufacture. During the
last session, however, when the bill changing the
rates of postage came up, the Post Office Com-
mittee in the Senate, for the purpose of meeting
the necessities which would arise from the passage
of that bill, took out of a former bill a single sec-
tion, providing for the number of grains of silver
in the three-cent piece, and for the amount of
alloy, without the restriction that it should be
manufactured exclusively out of the Spanish coin,
and put it into that Post Office bill, and it passed in
that shape. This is another instance of changing
the currency of the country without understand-
ing the principle upon which the change is made.
The consequence was, that the object originally
.intended by authorizing the coinage of these three-
cent pieces was not accomplished.
Now, we propose, or at least I propose, to bring
this species of coin back to the uniform standard
adopted for the other silver coin.
Mr. JOHNSON. What the gentleman has said
does not change the position I assume. The prin-
ciple I am contending for, and with which I set
out, is, that this tinkering with and changing the
roin of the country by varying the size and quanti-
ty of silver in that coin, is a violation of the spirit,
if not of the letter, of the Constitution. So far as
Congress is concerned, it cannot affect the value
of the coin in the country. Congress cannot regu-
late the value of the coin. It may place a stamp
upon it, and that stamp may indicate that it con-
tains a certain number of grains of gold or silver,
but that is all the Government can do, and all that
the Constitution designed it should do. The design
of the Constitution was, that you should make a :
coin of uniform value; but you propose to disregard |
that, and make a currency of unequal values, and
thus render its condition more intolerable than it
was when each of the several States of the Union
manufactured a currency for itself.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee a question. He says we are
tinkering with the currency of the country. Now
he will bear in mind that there is a difficulty, a
practical difficulty, under which the country is
now laboring. In consequence of the increased*
amount of gold jn circulation, its value has de- :
creased; and in consequence of the increased dif-
ference between the relative value of gold and
silver, the gold has nearly driven the silver out of
circulation. The question, therefore, for us to de-
termine is, how we can be supplied with this silver
currency for circulation ?
Now, there are two methods by which we can
accomplish this object. One is to increase the
value of the silver currency, and the other is to
lessen the value of the gold currency. The^e are
the remedies, one of which, I think, must be
adopted. Now, I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, what remedy he proposes for the difficulty
under which the country is laboring?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will come to that, if the
gentleman will allow me to go on.
Mr. SKELTON. I am not tenacious as to
what remedy, so that we may have a remedy, to
supply the commercial wants of the country with
a currency. What means does the gentleman
propose by which we may have a silver currency
in the cou ntry, for the purposes of change ? If the
gentleman has so much abhorence to charlatanism,
I hope he will propose some remedy by which
these difficulties may be obviated.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have given way to the gen-
tlemm not only to ask a good many questions,
but have given him time to answer them, which
will save me the trouble of answering them my- |
self. But if the gentleman had allowed me to go I
on, I should have come to the points to which he
alludes, directly.
But to return to the point with which I set out.
The bill before the House assumes that while your
present dollar contains four hundred and twelve and
a half grains of standard silver, you can, by law,
make another, containing only three hundred and
eighty-six grains, worth just as much as the other.
Now, if you will take the pains to subtract the
amountofstandard silver contained in one from that
contained in the other, you will find that one con-
tains about seven cents more than the other. If we
can then, by law, reduce the present standard seven
per cent, and maikethe value of the reduced stand-
ard equal to the other, I ask the House and the
country if the philosopher's stone has not been
discovered? If we can, by law, make one hun-
dred and seven dollars out of one hundred dollars,
we can, by the same process, make it worth one
hundred and fifty dollars. Why, sir, of all the
problems that have come up for solution, from the
time of the alchemists, down to the present time,
none can compare with that solved by this mod-
ern American Congress. They alone have dis-
covered that they can make money—that they can
make one hundred and seven dollars out of one
hundred dollars. If they can increase it to that
extent, they can go on and increase it to infinity;
and thus, by the operations of the Mints, can the
Government supply its own revenues. The great
difficulty with mankind is solved; the idea that so
much money is wanted all over the world is at
length at an end. The problem is at last solved.
This Congress, in the plenitude of its power, in
its wisdom, can, whenever it chooses, by a single
stroke of legislation, change the currency of the
country into any amount desirable.
Sir, I repeat again that this is all quackery.
Let us see how this thing will work in practice.
Here is a dollar.. Do you talk about fixing the
value of that ? It is an absurdity. A man has a
dollar to-day, containing four hundred and twelve
and a half grains of silver. He goes into market
and purchases a bushel of corn, containing so
much nutriment, indispensable to the existence
of man. To-morrow he again goes into market,
but cannot get more than half a bushel for his
dollar. Now where is the power to fix the value
of that dollar? Do you not see that it is with
the commercial world ? Do you not see that the
natural laws which regulate commerce, determine
the value ? Do you not see that it is a thing to
be agreed upon between parties, and between na-
tions dealing in the commodity we call money?
How will this plan work practically ? Here is
one currency, in which a dollar contains four hun-
dred and twelve grains of standard silver, and here
is another in which the dollar contains twenty-
eight grains of silver less. Do you not see that
a man who has one of these coins of four hundred
and twelve grains in his pocket, is worth seven
cents more than another man who has one of the
other coins in his ? It makes a decided difference.
The commercial world will take these coins for
what they are intrinsically worth, and not for j
what the legal stamp represents them to be worth.
Such will be the practical bearing of the whole
system of coinage proposed. But I see the bill—
if it is not altered by amendment—provides that
these new coins are to be received in payment of
all debts below five dollars. The Secretary of the
Treasury proposes ten dollars.
Mr. DUNHAM. The amendments which the
Committee on Ways and Means propose, strike
out that provision and insert a simple provision
that these coins shall be received in payment of all
dues of the United States. But the issue of this
coin is left entirely under the control of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, so that if more should be
issued than the necessities of the country require,
it would come back again into the Treasury, and
the further issue would be suspended.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now see the effect of the
gentleman's argument. Whatisit? Here is one
species of silver coin which is to be a tender in
payment of debts, and here is another which is
only receivable in payment of the public dues.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman one question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot afford to allow the
gentleman to consume more of my time. This
bill, if adopted at once by law, brings about two
currencies, one worth more than the other. Why,
the thing of which we complain more than any-
thing else, in connection with the currency of the
country, is the prevalence of a paper circulation
which drives the silver out of circulation. Now
suppose this bill passes, and one man owes the
Government a debt and another owes an individual
a debt. The man who owes the Government will
be obliged to pay seven per cent, less than the one
who owes the individual. This is the worst sort
of shinplaster legislation.
Now let us turn to this provision of the Consti-
tution again. It says that " Congress shall have
power to coin money and regulate the value there-
of." All this relates to what I have been speak-
ing about. But what else shall Congress do ? It
shall fix the standard of weights and measures.
I repeat, it shall regulate the value so far as the
coin is concerned, and shall fix the standard of
weights and measures. How fix the standard of
weights and measures? Are we to infer from this,
that they are to fix the precise amount the par-
ties shall receive for the grain or commodity which
is to be measured? Not at all. What is your
standard bushel ? We find that your standard
half-bushel contains 1,752 cubic inches. Well,
sir, corn becomes a little scarce, or wheat be-
comes a little scarce, and we, by legislation,
change the standard, and say that half a bushel
shall contain 750 inches less than it did before.
What is the effect ? Will the man who wants
to buy wheat give as much for a half bushel
which contains 1,000 square inches, as he would
for one containing l,7a0? Certainly not. Yet
this is precisely the position you assume in re-
lation to the currency of the country. You as-
sume to fix the price while you measure the
quantity of silver to be placed in a coin.
And if you go into the market with one dollar
containing four hundred and twelve and a half
grains, and another with only three hundred and
eighty-six grains, the dollar which has the most
silver in it will sell for the most, and the dollar
which has the least will sell for the least.
Now, let us see how this bill will operate.
Sometimes we talk about retrospective laws. I
am no lawyer, and do not assume to be; but I may
refer to such plain legal topics without any extraor-
dinary assumption of legal knowledge, for these
things come within the range of all our observa-
tion and comprehension. Sometimes, I say, we
talk about retrospective laws, which impair the
obligation of contracts. Now, let us see if this
bill is liable to that objection. For instance, we
make a contract now, with the standard of gold
and silver fixed, involving an amount of say $500,
with the understanding that the silver dollar con-
tains four hundred twelve and a half grains of
standard silver. After the contract is made, a law
is passed creating a currency worth seven per cent,
less than the old one, and which shall be taken in
payment of Government dues. What does the
debtor do? He provides himself with this cur-
rency, worth seven per cent. less than the cur-
rency in which he contracted his debt, and pays
his debt with it, and in that operation pays his
$500 with $465. Is not an act thus operating re-
trospective in its character, and does it not impair
the obligation of contracts ? Is not that legisla-
tion retrospective which passes a law by which a
man may be compelled to receive less, intrinsi-
cally, for his debt than he contracted to receive ?
He contracted to receive so much standard silver,
and we propose to compel him to take seven per
cent. less. Such is the effect of this bill. You
make the coin a tender in payment of debts.
In what difficulty do you thus find yourself? You
either depreciate your currency, and compel a man
to take it for more than it is worth, or you leave
it as it is. Take either horn of the dilemma, and
there are one or two consequences which must
follow. If you make this coin a tender in pay-
ment of debts, you impair the obligation of con-
tracts; and if you do not, you have one currency
of a higher and one of a lower grade.
But there is an erroneous idea pervading the
community as to the relative value of gold and sil-
ver, and that in consequence of the change in that
relative value, by the great influx of gold, we
must make a change in our coins. The old idea
was, that this relative value was about sixteen to
one—it varies a fraction from that, but I speak in
round numbers—that is, that there is aboutsixteen
times as much silver in existence as there is gold,
and that, therefore, a sixteenth part of a certain
amount of gold will answer the same purposes in
