1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
commerce as sixteen times that amount of silver. I
We all understand that. Now what made that
difference? Was it arbitrary law ? No, but the
scarcity of gold. It was the result of commercial
law—a natural law, which rises above legislative
enactments, and which will always control these
matters in defiance of legislation.
Gentlemen tell us that while the standard of
silver in England remains what it is now, we can
purchasea pound sterling of gold with about thirty-
six cents less with their standard than with ours.
Suppose, then, you take the value of a pound of
gold, in silver of the United States, and go to
England and buy a pound sterling of gold there,
and you have thirty-six cents left. Well, when you
bring vour pound of gold to the United States, will
it not be measured by the standard of value here,
established by the commercial community ? Most
unquestionably. You see the thing corrects and
regulates itself. As soon as the trading commu-
nity finds out that you are buying up silver, in
order to purchase gold in England, where it can
be had for two per cent, less than here, what do
the holders of silver do? You cannot get their
silver unless you pay them two per cent, premium
for it. Does not this matter then correct itself?
Such is the practical operation of monetary affairs
every day. Will you, then, attempt to fix it by
law? It is impossible to do it. Let us take a case
to illustrate. Suppose some one of the Powers of
Europe should pass a law excluding gold as a
currency altogether, and prohibiting its circulation,
and making it a contraband article, and at the
same time making silver the exclusive currency.
What would be the effect ? 11 would create a great
demand for silver, for it is silver they would want,
and if your dollar has four hundred and twelve
pains in it they want it; and if it contains three
hundred and ninety-six they want it also, and will
take it just as soon as the other, in all the small and
ordinary transactions of life. But it will bedifferent
in more extended mercantile transactions. That
may be readily shown by an illustration under
this bill, aa it comes from the Senate. You may
go into the market in the morning and pay your
butcher, for instance, a debt of five dollars in this
currency; your neighbors go to market and do the
a&me thing. The butcher receives it without ob-
jection, and gives you as many pounds of beef
for it as for any other coin. The butcher accu-
mulates a few hundred dollars in that way, but
when lie goes into the country to buy his cattle,
and pays out this currency in sums of two or
three hundred dollars, he must pay the seven per
cent.
We are trying to make specie partake of the
character of depreciated paper. That is the tend-
ency of this proposed legislation.
If the commercial world agrees upon the relative
value of silver and gold, and upon the number of
grains each piece of coin shall contain to make it
marketable, that settles the whole matter, notwith-
standing your legislation, and then there is no ex-
change anywhere, save that which arises from the
mere expense of transit.
Congress has power to fix thestandard of weights
and measures. And I remarked before, suppose
Congress take a notion to change this relative value
of silver and gold, of one to sixteen. Our gold
fields this year will produce a certain amount;
next year they will produce perhaps double the
quantity, and you say you must pass a law to
regulate its value to silver, which has not as rap-
idly increased. But any law you can pass will
not do it. Suppose, for instance, your crop of
corn is this year five millions of bushels, and
your wheat two and a half millions; next year the
crop of corn is seven and a half millions bushels,
and the wheat crop still two and a half millions,
as before. The relative quantity is changed, and
to bring the standard of corn up to that of the
wheat, you change the bushel measure of the one
to keep the relative standard the same. Now,
how would the arrangement operate? You bring
both the wheat and the corn into market. The
standard by which you measure the wheat is
changed, and for the same money you do not get
as much wheat as you did before. Is not that so, !
and are not the two cases precisely analogous ?
Money contains grainsand bushels contain inches. ■
A bushel of gram containing only one thousand
square incBes would not sell for as much as a I
bushel containing double the number of inches. !
You may reason and attempt to legislate upon I
this subject, and still the laws of trade and com-
merce will control the whole matter. Instead of
changing the standard of gold and silver, I think
the best thing we could do would be to strike these
three-cent pieces out of existence, and to substitute
three-cent pieces containing exactly the proper
quantity of alloy. Let your half dollar, quarter
dollar, dime, and half dime bear the same propor-
tion of alloy, and then you will have a firm and
stable currency, which the people understand, and
which, in the commercial world, would be of a
settled and uniform standard of value. What its
worth will be, and what it will pass for, is a matter
to be settled by the commercial world, and no
legislation in tlie world can alter it.
Mr. JOHNSON was interrupted by
Mr. DEAN. Has the morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not, by a minute and
a half.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to yield, to allow me to make a motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STUART. I have some objection to this
yielding of the floor to allow a motion to be made
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, so as to cut off a motion to go to the
business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. JOHNSON. Did I understand the gentle-
man from New York to make the motion?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour is not
quite out, and the gentleman can proceed, or not,
as he chooses.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know there is great anxiety
about getting along with the appropriation bills,
and I have no disposition to delay them. As my
time has nearly expired, I yield to the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STUART. Is not the morning hour now
out:
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STUART. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. MACE. Before the motion is put, I have a
privileged motion to submit. At the last session
of Congress, I introduced a bill providing for the
admission of iron free of duty. That bill was, by
a vote of the House, laid upon the table, and a
motion was made to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was laid upon the table. I move to take
up that motion, and dispose of it now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have the
right to call up the motion to reconsider, and to
have it considered when there is no other legiti-
mate business before the body. These othtr mo-
tions must be put before he can do it.
Mr. MACE. I should like to know, for inform-
ation, when the "time will arrive when there will
be no legitimate business before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The motion that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union is pending and is the legitimate busi-
ness before the body.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would inquire whGtfier
that motion was made first ?
The SPEAKER. It was made before the gen-
tleman proposed to call up his motion of recon-
sideration.
The question was then put on the motion that
the rules b« suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and on a division, there were—
ayes 54.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens of
Pennsylvania, and Averett were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was decided in the negative; the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 46, noes 76.
The question was then put on the motion that
the House proceed to the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table, and on a division
there were—ayes 71.
Mr. ORR. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cartter
and Hendricks were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was decided in the affirmative, the tellers having
reported—ayes 74, noes 51.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting, in conformity with the provisions of the
act of Congress, approved March 3, 1809, enti-
tled " An act further to amend the several acts for
w estab'ishment and regulation of the Treasury,
War, and Navy Departments," and the act passed
March 3,1817, entitled " An act to provide for the
prompt settlement of public accounts," statements
of the accounts due to the United States more
than three years prior to the 1st day of July, 1852,
as appears by the books of the Fourth Auditor
&nd the books of the Rd^istsr of the Treasury rc~
spectively; which was, on motion, laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the House the bill of the
House, No. 185, entitled " An act for the relief
of Maurice K. Simons, returned from the Senate
with an amendment.
Mr. SACKETT. Let the Clerk indicate from
what committee of the Senate the bill came, so
that we may know what reference to give it.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is only a
verbal one to strike out the word " bill" and sub-
stitute the word " act."
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred it.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
House bill No. 347, entitled " An act granting the
right of way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain
Railroad Company," returned from the Senate
with the following amendments;
" Add as a second section the following:
tl Jind be it further enacted, That the right of way be, and
the same is hereby, granted to the Cleveland and Pittsburg
Railroad Company, and also the right of way to the Cleve-
land, Painsvilie, and Ashtabula Railroad Company, across
the hospital ground, so called, belonging to the United
States, in the city of Cleveland, in the State of Ohio ; the
width of each of said roads across said hospital grounds not
to exceed sixty feet where said roads ate now respectively
located: Provided, That said conveyances can, in the
opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be made without
detriment to the interests of the United States : ~lnd. pro-
vided further, That the said grant shall be, and is hereby,
made subject to such conditions as the said Secretary of the
Treasury shall impose on the said companies, respectively,
for the protection and security of the grounds from abra-
sions by tlie waters of Lake Erie : Jind provided further,
That whenever the said roads shall be discontinued or aban-
doned, or ihe conditions of this grant shall be violated, all
rights under this act shall cease and determine.
" And add to the tiUe the words, ' and for other pur-
poses.' "
Mr. STUART. I should like to learn of any
gentleman who can explain the reasons, why, in
the Senate amendment, the discretion is given to
the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. PHELPS. Because the marine hospital
is under his control. The discretion is given in
the original bill to the Secretary of War, because
i the right of way is given through the land of a
military post.
Mr. CARTTER. A few words will fully ex-
Elain this grant of the right of way through the
ospital grounds at Cleveland. Those who have
been at Cleveland since the construction of the
railroads there, are aware of the facts I shall state.
The railroads, on entering that city, traverse the
whole'lake shore below the bank on which the hos-
pital is located. Heretofore the wear of the winds
and waters has produced a constant wasting away
of that bank; so much so as to render the stability
of the foundation of the hospital uncertain for the
future. These railroads have been under the neces-
, sity, for the purpose of sustaining their structure,
of piling the whole lake shore. Th  roads pass,
: perhaps, sixty feet below the location of the hos-
pital, and instead of being an'injury to the grounds,
will really constitute a protection for it. They
have expended money there for the protection of
these hospital grounds, that could not be compen-
sated for by the appropriation of $10,000, ana so
long as those roads are used, that protection will
have to be continued. I havesaid thus much, that
the House may know the facts with relation to the
grant of the right of way for the Cleveland rail-
roads.
Mr. STUART. The object I had in view in
; instituting the inquiry I did is accomplished by
the answer of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.] He states that thesegrounds are under
the supervision of the Secretary of the Treasury.
If so, it is right that the discretion should be placed
in his hands; and," inasmuch as I desire this
question early disposed of, I call for the previous
question.
Mr. DARBY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his call, that I may say a word or two.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw the call.
Mr. DARBY. I am exceedingly obliged to the
gentleman. As I understand the matter, the amend-
