478
ment of the Senate does not in any manner con-
flict with the original bill. In the original bill the
approbation of the Secretary of War is required
for the location of the St. Louis and Iron Moun-
tain railroad, and in the amendments of theSenate
the approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury i
is required for the location of the Cleveland and
Pittsburg, and the Cleveland, Painsville and Ash- I
tabula railroads. The grounds through which the
rieht of way is proposed to be granted are respect-
ively under the superintendence of those Secreta-
ries, and I do not see that there is the least conflict
in the provisions of the bill as amended, i renew
the call for the previous question, and hope that
the bill will be passed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the call for the previous
question, in order that I may be enabled to offer
an amendment to the bill.
Mr. DARBY. I withdraw the call for that pur-
P°Mr. STEVENS. I submit the following amend-
ment, to be added as an additional section:
Jlndbe it further enacted, That the right of way shall be
and hereby is, granted to the Alleehany Valley Railroad
Company, for the roaii of the said company, over and across
the grounds of the United States at and near the Alleghany
Yrsenal, in the counly of Alleghany and State of Pennsyl-
vania : Provided, That the route of the said railroad across
the said grounds shall be approved by the Secretary of
War, before the same is entered upon for the purpose ot
constructing said railroad.
Mr. DARBY. If that amendment prevails, it
will send this bill again to the Senate. ■
Mr. STEVENS. They will concur in this
amendment in a moment.
Mr. DARBY. If it will create no embarrass-
ment to the bill, I will interpose no objection. I
wish to state, so far as the section in which I am
interested is concerned, that the parties connected
with the St. Louis and Iron Mountain railroad
are anxious to commence their work. They can-
not do so until after the passage of this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment I have pro-
posed will delay the bill but for a few minutes.
There is no kind of objection to it, and it will be j
concurred in by the Senate in an instant.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. The Alleghany
Valley railroad is waiting this moment for the grant
of the right of way through the land of the Alle-
ghany arsenal, that they may let their contracts.
The position of these grounds is such, that it is in- ,
dispensable the right of way should be granted, in I
order that the road may approach the city. There
is but one street running through the grounds and
it is important that the grant of the right of way
should be made, if it cause no detriment to the pub-
lic interests.
Mr. EVANS. I have no objection to the Alle-
ghany Valley railroad having the right of way, but
there should be a provision making the grant dis-
cretionary with the Secretary of War This priv-
ilege which we are about to give may not be com-
patible with the public interest.
Mr. STEVENS. It is so.
Mr. EVANS. It may not be so. How do
we know it is so? If it be so, why oppose the j
alteration? !
Mr. STEVENS. The provision the gentleman j'
suggests is already in the bill. i
Mr. EVANS. That road, by the amendment, ;
is to have the right of way at any rate.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. There is no ob-
jection to the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens was again
read.
Mr. EVANS. Now, the House will notice
that the Secretary of War has only the right to
designate the particular location in the grounds for
the road. The right of way is absolutely granted.
[Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. EVANS. He has not the right to refuse
the right of way, if in his judgment that is re-
quired by the interests of the Government.
Mr. STUART. I will suggest to the gentleman |
from Maryland, and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, the same modification I suggested to the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Darby] the other j
day. It is necessary to provide that this thing may i
not be done, if in the opinion of the Secretary it j
will be detrimental to the public interest.
Mr. EVANS. Unquestionably that ought to
be there.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
Mr. STEVENS. Add, then, the following:
Jlnd provided further. That this right of way can be
granted without detriment to the public interest.
Mr. EVANS. That is all I ask.
Mr. STUART. The following proviso will
meet the views of the gentleman from Maryland:
And provided further, That the same can be granted
without detriment to the public interest, in the opinion or
the Secretary of War.
Mr. EVANS. That amendment does meet my
views, and I offer it.
Mr. STUART. I call for the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed a bill of
the following title, viz:
S. No. 601. An act for the relief of Moses Ulm-
stead and Mrs. Elizabeth Craig. , - ,
And directed the House to be furnished with a
certified copy of the bill of the Senate, (No. 358,)
" directing a survey and estimate of ^the cost of
constructing a canal basin at the terminus of the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, in Georgtown. ]
The question was taken on Mr. Stevens s
i amendment, and it was agreed to.
j1 The question was then taken upon the amend-
: ments of the Senate, and they were concurred in.
RAILROAD GRANTS.
!. Senate bill No. 13, entitled " An act granting
1 ' to the State of Wisconsin the right of way and
< a donation of public lands for the purpose of con-
' structing a canal or railroad across the peninsula
' of Michigan," was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. DOTY. I desire to offer an amendment,
and to put the bill upon its passage. I desire to
say that the subject has been before the Commit-
tee on Public. Lands, and they have agreed to re-
port to this House a bill precisely similar to that
which is now in the Senate. The amendment I
offer is the following:
Strike out section five of the bill, and add to the bill the
following:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That the lands hereby granted
to said State shall be disposed of by said State only in
manner following, that is to say, that a quantity of land not
exceeding one hundred and twenty sections on each road,
and included within a continuousjength of twenty miles of
said road, maybe sold, and when the Governor of said
State shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior that said
twenty miles of said road is completed, then another like
quantity of land hereby granted may be sold, and so, from
time to time, until said roads be completed; and if said roads
are not completed within ten years, no further sales shall
he ma4e for the road not completed, and the tend granted
for such road shall revert to the United States: Provided,
That the said first mentioned road shall commence at the
city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, and be run thence
through Janesville and Fond du Lac, on Winnebago Lake,
, to Lake Superior, and the said second road mentioned shall
commence at La Crosse, and run thence through the county
of Washington, in said Stale, to the city of Milwaukie.
Mr. DOTY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FREEMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer an amendment to his amend-
, meftt.
! Mr. DOTY. I would be glad to do so, but I
| am under obligations to move the previous ques-
tion.
j [A message was here received from the Senate,
1 by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, notifying the House that they had passed
House bill No. 351, entitled "An act for the relief
of Brevet Brigadier General Riley, and to enable
him to settle his accounts with the United States."]
Mr. BENNETT. I would appeal to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] to withdraw
his demand for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the bill and
amendments on the table; and upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been demanded, it deprives every one of the
floor, except it be for the purpose of making a
motion to adjourn or lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. FREEMAN. 1 understood the gentleman
from Wisconsin to say that he was willing to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for the
benefit of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bennett.] Has the gentleman done so ?
Mr. DOTY. I have not done so.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the yeas and nays
j upon my motion.
1 Mr. BENNETT. I wish to make an appeal
to the gentleman from Wisconsin to withdraw his
call for the previous question, and to allow me to
offer an amendment to the amendment.
[Cries of" Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent at this stage of the proceed-
ings,?for amotion to lay on the table cuts off every-
I thing like amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on laying the bill
and amendments upon the table, and there were—
yeas 73, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Averelt, David J. Ba,ley>
Bragg, Busby, Caldwell, Caskie, Chastam, Churchwell,
Clemens, Cobb, Colcock, Oullom, Curtis, Dawson, Dean,
Dimmick, Dockery, Edmund-am, Faulkner, Florence,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore,
Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Hascall, Hendricks, Hibbard,
Houston, John W. Howe, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, George G. King, Letcher, McDonald,
McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, McQueen, Millson,
Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Orr, Outlaw, Sam-
uel W. Parker, Perkins, Powell, Robbins, Robie, Robinson,
Ross, Russell, Savage, Skelton, Thaddeu  Stevens, Strat-
um, Sutherland, Sweetser, Thurston, Toombs, ruck,
Venable, Wallace, Watkins, Wildrick, and Woodward—
73.
NAYS Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Barrere,
Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman,
Clark, Conger, Cottman, Darby, JohnG. Davis, Disney,
Doty, Duncan, IVirkee, Eastman,Edgerton, Evans,Ewing,
Fav, Ficklin, Freeman, Goodenow, Gorman, Grey, Hall,
Harper, Haven, Henn, Horsford, Howard, Thomas M.
Howe, Jackson, Landry, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Martin,
Meacham, Miller, Miner, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Penn, Penmnian, Phelps,
Porter Preston, Price, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
i Schoolcraft, Scurry, Smart, Smith, Snow, Manly, Ben-
i iamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Stuart, Taylor, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Alexander
White, Wilcox, and Yates—83.
! So the House refused to lay the bill and
1 amendments upon the table.
I The SPEAKER. The question now is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question,
i Mr. DOTY. Do I understand the decision of
the Chair to be, if I withdraw the demand for the
■ previous question, that the floor must be assigned
to the gentleman from Mississippi ? [Mr. Free-
man.] . , , ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not deter-
mined whom he will recognize as entitled to the
floor. No one is entitled to the floor now, the
previous question having* been demanded by the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,] unless it
may be himself^ if he desires to withdraw it.
Mr. BENNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Wisconsin to withdraw it, that I may offer
an amendment to his amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is withdrawn
must it not be unconditional ?
The SPEAKER. It must be unconditional,
and it is with the Speaker to assign the floor to
somebody. The Chair cannot make a bargain.
Mr. DOTY. Has the floor been assigned to
the gentleman from New York? [Mr. Bennett.]
The SPEAKER. It has not been determined.
Mr.. DOTY. I feel in honor bound to offer the
amendment which he would have offered if he
could have obtained the floor for that purpose. I
withdraw the previous question, and propose an
amendment to the one I nave already offered, and
demand the previous question.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 rise toa privileged question.
Since the gentleman from Wisconsin takes such a
course, I move to lay the whole subject upon the
table, and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALL. I object to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, and raise a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will reserve the
right to look at the amendment.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hall] desires to make a point of order,
by which the amendment of the gentleman from
New York may be properly ruled out of order, I
withdraw my motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. HALL. I ask that the amendment just
offered by thegentleman from Wisconsin be read,
so that the House may understand my point of
order.
The first amendment was then read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
how the gentleman from Wisconsin offers it?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman.from Wis-
consin withdrew the demand for the previous
question, offered an amendment which has not
