1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
been read, and demanded the previous question 1
upon it.
Mr. JONES. Whereabout does he propose to
put it into this bill ?
Mr. DOTY. 1 propose to add it to the bill.
Mr. JON KS. Then the gentleman cannot offer
two amendments at onetime. His first amend-
ment is under consideration, and he cannot make
another one, no matter what it is.
Mr. DOTY. It was offered as an amendment
to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will see the char-
acter of the amendment.
Mr. JONES. He could not offer an amend-
ment to his own amendment. It would be & mod-
ification.
The SPEAKER. The question of order is al-
ready made, and the Chair will decide it when he
hears the amendment read.
Mr. JONES. Is it not the same bill that was
passed the last session ? If so, it is not necessary
to read it all.
[Cries of " Read it!" t( Read it!"]
The Clerk then read the amendment} as follows:
be it further enacted* That there are hereby sev-
erally granted to the States named herein the following
■mourns of public land, respecnvely.forthe purposes here-
inafter named, viz: To Missouri, three million acres; to
Alabama, two million five hundred thousand acres; to
Iowa, three million acres; to Michigan, three million acres;
to Wisconsin, three million acres; to Louisiana, two mil
lion ri\e hundred thousand acres; to Mississippi, two mil-
lion five hundred thousand acres; to Florida, two million
five hundred thousand acres; to Arkansas, three million
acres; to California, three million acres; to Illinois, two
million acres; to Indiana, all the public lands not sold,
located, or reserved tor public purposes, lying within her
limit.*, and two million acres m addition thereto; to Ohio,
all the public land not sold, located, or reserved for public
purpose*, lung within her limits, and two million five hun-
dred thousand acres in addition thereto; and to each of the
Stales of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachu-
setts Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania. Delaware, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee,
at the rate of one hundred and fifty thousand acres for each
Senator and Representative in the Thirty-second Congress
from said States, respectively, and to the District of Colum-
bia, for the support of schools, five hundred thousand
acres.
Sec. 2. -indbttt further enacted, That the eleven States ,
in the preceding section first named are authorized to apply !
the proceeds of the lands hereby severally granted to them
to aid in the construction of railroads in the said States, re-
spectively. And a right of way through the public lands is
hereby severally granted to the said States, and they are
severally authorized to take necessary materials of earth,
stone, and timber, for the construction of the said railroads,
respectively, from the public lands adjacent thereto; and
in locating'each of the said railroads, and assigning the
limits thereto, no more land shall be taken from the United
States than is necessary for the convenient construction and
u*e of each of said railroads, with double track, respectively,
including stations and the public buildings of all kinds con-
sented with said roads, turnouts, and such other appurte-
nances as ar^ necessary or usually enjoyed by first class
railroads ; and a copy of the location of said several roads, !
respectively, as now made or hereafter to be made, shall be !
forwarded to the proper local land offices, and the General \
Land Office at Washington city, as soon as practicable |
after the same are completed, respectively, and shall be duly
recorded ; and there is hereby severally granted to each of
the eleven States in the preceding section first named, re-
spectively, the amount of land therein specified, for the
purpose of making railroads therein, respectively, as afore-
said, to be taken along the entire length of the line or route
of said several railroad*, so far as the United States own
lands on the line of said several roads, in manner following,
viz: every alternate section of land subject to pnvate en-
try, and designated by odd numbers, for six miles in width
on each side of said several railroads ; but in case it shall
appear that the United States have, when the lines or routes
of any of said roads are definitely fixed in the manner and
by the authority aforesaid, sold any section, or any part
thereof, granted aforesaid, or that the right of preemption
ha* attached to the same, then it shall be lawful for any
agent or agents, to he appointed by the Governor of each of
the States, respectively, to select, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, from the lands of the United
Slates most contiguous to the tiers or sections above spe-
cified, so much laud in alternate sections or parts of sec-
tion* as shall be equal to such lands as the United States
have sold or to which the right of preemption has attached
a* aforesaid, which lands (thus selected in lieu of those
sold or to which preemption rights have attached as afore-
said, together with the sections or parts of sections desig-
nated by odd numbers as aforesaid, and appropriated as
aforesaid) shall be held by each of the said eleven States
first named, respectively, to the amount in)the preceding
section named for ear-h of the said several States, for the
uses and purposes aforesaid; but the lands to be so located
and selected for and on account of each of said roads shall
in no case be more than six sections of land for each mile
of said road : Provided, That the lands hereby granted to
the said eleven first-named States shall be exclusively ap-
plied to construct or aid in the construction of railroads in
said States, respectively, and shall be sold and disposed of
only as the work progresses, and in proportion to the length ,
of railroad completed upon each of said roads, and the 1
same vhall be applied to no other road or purpose : Jlnd
provided, atno, That any and all lands heretofore reserved to j
the United titates by any act of Congress, or in any other ;,
manner by competent authority, for the purpose of aiding ;
in any object of internal improvement, or for any other pur-
pose whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby, reserved
to the United States from the operation of this section, ex-
cept so far as it may be found necessary to locate the routes ■
of said railroad through such reserved lands, in which case
the right of way only shall be, and is hereby, granted. ,
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That of the lands
granted by this act to the several States of Missouri, Iowa, r
Wisconsin, Alabama, Michigan, Louisiana, Mississippi,
Florida, Arkansas, Illinois, and California, a portion thereof
shall be applied by each of said last-named States, respect
lvelv, in the manner and to the amount in the preceding
section provided, to aid in the construction of the follow-
ing lines ot railroad, so far as the same are within the limits
of said States, respectively ; and a portion of the lands and
land warrants hereinafter mentioned, granted to each of
the States of Indiana and Ohio, shall be applied in like
manner, at the rate of six sections per mile, to aid in the
construction of the following railroads, so far as the same
are within said States respectively, viz :
First. Ffom Manitoowoc, via Menasha and Stevens's
Point, to St. Paul; from Madison, via the mouth of the
Wisconsin, to the mouth of the Dig Sioux; from Iron Bay,
via the Iron mountains, to Little Bay Du Noc ; from She- •
bovgan to the Mississippi river.
Second. From Toledo, via Hicksville, Fort Wayne, La-
fayette, Peoria, and Burlington, to or near the inouth of the
Platte river, with a branch to Keokuck ; from La Salle, via
Davenport and Iowa City, to Council Bluffs; from Fort
Des Moines to Dubuque.
Thxrd. From Belpre, via Athens, Chilicothe, Hillsboro',
Cincinnati, and Vincennes, to St. Louis, and thence to the
Iron mountains and Pilot Knob.
Fourth. From Girard to Mobile, and thence, via New
Orleans and Opelousas,to the Sabine river; from New Or
leans, via Jackson, to the Mobile and Ohio railroad, with a
branch in the direction of Nashville, to the line of the State
of Tennessee.
Fifth. From Montgomery, via Brandon, Vicksburg, and
Shreveport, to the line of Texas, with a branch to Biloxi;
from Montgomery to Pensacola; from St. Paul, via the
Falls of the St. Croix, to the mouth of the St. Louis river.
StxfA. From Mobile, via Pensacola and Tallahassee, to
the St. Mary's or St. John's river, with branches to St.
Mark's and to Tampa Bay ; from Pensacola, in the direc-
tion of Brunswick and Savannah, to the boundary line of
the State of Florida.
Seventh. From Selma to Gutter's Landing; from the
boundary line of Alabama, across Alabama and Mississippi,
to the boundary line of Mississippi, along the line of the
Charleston and Memphis railroad.
Eighth. From Louisville, Kentucky, via Vincennes, to
Carlyle, with a branch to Alton ; from Lafayette to Chi-
cago.
Ninth. From Zilwaukie, via Grand Traverse Bay, to
Mackinaw ; from Manitoowoc, via Green Bay, to Kewa-
wana Point, with a branch, via the principal copper mines,
to the mouth of the Ontonagon river ; from the mouth of
the Marquette river, via Flint, to Pontiac, with a branch
from Flint to Port Huron; from Pontiac to the inouth of
the Grand river.
Tenth. From Gaines's Landing to Fulton ; from Fulton,
via Little Rock and the principal copper mine?, to St.
Louis ; from Memphis, via Little Rock, to Fort Smith.
Eleventh. From Terre Haute to Alton, and also to Ver-
non ; from Indianapolis to Springfield; from Alleiitown to
the mouth of the Kansas ; from Kansas to the mouth of
the Platte river; from Quincy, viaGalesburg, to Roc^ford;
from Springfield to Chicago.
Twelfth. From a point opposite New Orleans, on the
west side of the Mississippi river, on the most direct route,
consistent witfi a good grade, upon good ground, to St.
Louis; from Hermann, on the Missouri river, via Fort Des
' Moines, to the southern bend of the Minnesota river.
Thirteenth. From San Francisco to San Jose, and also
to Walker's Pass, with a branch to the Columbia river, in |
Oregon.
And where any part of said designated lines of railroad
is within any Territory of the United States, public lands
are hereby granted to such Territory to the same amount,
and to be taken in the same manner, as before specified,
(to wit: in alternate sections, at the rate of six sections per
mile,) to aid in the construction of said railroad* within !
such Territory. Said railroads, in all cases, to be made on f
the most direct, feasible routes; each State to take its lands ,
to aid in their construction within its own limits, except j
Ohio and Indiana, and those States so far as maybe, and I
the residue in land warrants, as hereinafter provided. And |
in case the amount granted to any one of said States is j
found insufficient, after an actual location of the roads on j
direct routes, to allow six sections per mile to the railroads j
in said State, hereinbefore specified, such State is hereby
authorized to take, in the aforesaid manner, enough more
of the public lands of the United States to make up such
deficiency; and the residue of said lands granted to each ;
of said States, not taken for said railroads, (if any,) may
be applied, in the manner aforesaid, to aid in the construc- '
tion of such other railroads as the Legislatures of said *
States may respectively designate. And there is hereby j
granted to the States of Missouri, Alabama, and Missis- 1
sippi, respectively, to aid in the construction of the rail-
roads for which grants were made by the act of Congress, i
approved twentieth of September, eighteen hundred and j
fifty, afid by the act approved tenth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, a quantity of land sufficient, with the |
amount granted by said former acts, to give six sections per I
mile to each of said railroads, to be taken in the manner :
specified in this act: Provided, That said railroads, in said
several States and Territories, shall be completed within (
ten years; and the land hereby granted to aid in their con- j
struction, so far as they shall not be completed within that 1
time, shall revert to the United States, 1
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the nineteen ,
States in the seventh section of this act last named, are sev-
erally authorized to apply the proceeds of the lands hereby
several!v granted to each of said States to the support of ^
schools or for other useful public purposes, except  o far as [
is otherwise provided by the preceding section In regard to
the lands granted to Indiana and Ohio. And the Commis-
sioner ot Public Lands, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, shall issue to each of said nineteen
States and said District, respectively, land warrants to the
amount in all to which each of said nineteen States and
said District are respectively entitled under this act, (except
so far as the lands granted to Ohio and Indiana are situated
withm the limits of said States;) and said nineteen States
and said District are severally authorized to sell and dispose
ot said land warrants; and the same are to be valid and
effectual in the hands of any owner or holder thereof and
may be located by such ewner or holder upon any public
lands for sale or subject to private entry, and the same fees
to be paid therefor by the holders thereof. And the title of
the land so located by any owner or holder of said land war-
rants shall be secured and perfected to such owner or holder
in the same manner as other land warrants issued bv the
United States. Said land warrants shall be so engraved
and printed as to prevent deception and counterfeiting ; shall
be signed by the Secretary of the Interior or the Commis-
sioner of the Public Lands, or for them by such other per-
sons as the Secretary may direct, and countersigned by the
Governor of each State receivi ng the same, or by such other
officers as the said nineteen States and said District may
respectively designate for that purpose ; and said land war-
rants shall be for not leas than eighty nor over one hundred
and sixty acres each: Provided, That no State nor the
said District shall be authorized to locate any warrants in
its own name or for its own benefit; and that no warrant
issued under the provisions of this act shall be located upon
any lands to which there shall be a preemption right, or on
which there shall be an actual settlement and cultivation,
except by the person holding such preemption right, or by
such settler and cultivator.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each and all of
the railroads in any State in the Union, made either wholly
or in part from the proceeds of the lands granted by this act,
are hereby made and declared post roads, and shall forever
hereafter, at all times, transport the mails, military stores,
forces, arid property of the United States, under the direc-
tion of the proper officers thereof, and Congress may by
law fix the rate of compensation to be allowed for such ser-
vices.
Sec. 6. Jindheit further enacted, That all mineral lands
are hereby reserved to the United States from the operation
of this act, except such as are, or hereafter may be, by law
subject to private entry by individuals.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the land
granted (by any other act) during the present Congress, to
any State, to ai d in the construction of any railroad therein,
shall be deducted from the amount granted by this act to
said State.
Mr. AVERETT. I move to lay the bill and
the amendments upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I submit that that motion is not yet
in order. No business has transpired since the
last motion was made to lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. An amendment has been
proposed and a question of order raised upon it.
Mr. ORR. Suppose the Speaker decides that
that amendment is not in order, is that a sufficient
amount of business to authorize the motion to lay
on the table to be again made ?
The SPEAKER. The offering of the amend-
ment itself is business.
Mr. ORR. Whether it is in order or not ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so. The
motion to lay on the table may be repeated as
often as it is made. That has been the practice of
the House. The present occupant of the Chair,
however, has ruled that the motion is not in order
again until business has intervened, and the House
has sustained that decision. But it is a new prac-
tice.
Mr. AVERETT. I insist on my motion to
lay the bill and amendments upon the table, and I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair which will control my
vote, and perhaps the votes of other members. If
the motion to lay on the table does not prevail,
and the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] should be decided so
as to admit this amendment, will it then be in
order, without further proceedings, again to move
to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It will depend altogether on
whether any proceedings intervene between the
motions.
Mr. BROWN. Would the proceedings on the
point of order be such as to justify another mo-
tion to lay upon the table
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
they would, but must reserve to himself the right
of deciding each question as it arises.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Aver-
ett's motion, and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 76, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercromhie, John Appleton, Averetl,
David J. Bailey, Bocock, Bragg, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Ca&kie, Chastain, ChurchweJI, Clem-
ens, Cobb, Coleock, Dawson, Dean, Dinmiick, Dockery,
Dunham, Edmundson, Florence, Floyd, Thomas J. D.
Fullar, Gambl«, Gay lord, Gorman, Grsen, Grow, Hall,
