480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3.
Sampson W. Harris, Hascall, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hol-
laday, Houston, Howard, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, John Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Letcher, McDonald, McLanah&n, McMullin, Mc-
\air, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Morrison, Mur-
phy, Murray, Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Powell, Robbins, Robie,
Robinson, Ros«, Russell, Savage, «SkeIton, Smith, Thad- ,
deus Stevens, Stratton, Sutherland, Sweetser, Toombs,
Alexander White, Wildrick, and Woodward—76. !
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison, I
William Appleton, Barrere, Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, I
Brenton, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, E. Carring- i
ton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler. Chap- j
man, Clark, Clingman, Conger, Cottman, Cullom, Curtis,
Darby, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Disney, Doty.
Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Ewing, Fay,
Ficklin, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Giddings, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Haven, Henn, Horsford, John
W. Howe, Thoams M. Howe, George G. King, Landry,
Little, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Martin, MeCorkle, Meach-
am, Miller,Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
head, Nabers, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Price, Riddle,
Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker. Smart,
Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, •
Taylor, Thurston, Tuck, Venable, Ward, Washburn, Wat-
kins, Welch, Wilcox, and Yates—81.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the I
table. ;
Mr. CLARK. Is it in order now to offer an
amendment to the bill ? j
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. ij
Mr. CLARK. I hope that, by unanimous con- !
sent, the amendment may be read for informa- !
tion.
The SPEAKER. There is a question of order '
pending, with reference to the amendment offered ;
by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,]
which must first be disposed of.
Mr. CLARK. I desire only to have my
amendment read for the information of the House, i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
asks the unanimous consent of the House to have
his amendment read for information.
Mr. GORMAN. I object.
[Mr. Clare handed his proposed amendment
to the Reporters. It is as follows:
"-Qnd provided further, That no person shall, under the
provisions of this act, locate more than three hundred and
twenty acres of land. "J
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to make a
motion which is in order. That we may have a
full vote upon this question, I move that there be
a call of the House;.and upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 move that the House do now adjourn; and
upon that I ask for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put, and on a division,
there were—ayes 69, noes 69.
The SPEAKER voting in the affirmative, the
motion was agreed to; and the House adjourned ,
until to-morrow, at 12 o'clock, m. !
PETITIONS, &c.
Tlie following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: The petition of the Ocoan
Steam Navigation Company of New York, for increase of ;
compensation for mail service between New York, South-
ampton, and Bremen.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The petition of 62 citizens of Wis- !
consin, praying for an appropriation to complete the im-
provement of Grand River Slough, atPotosi, Wisconsin.
By Mr. GILMORE: The petition ofcitizens of Indiana \
ooun'y, Pennsylvania, deploring the evils of war, and pray- ]
in  Congress to make provision in their treaties with other ;
nations to refer all misunderstandings to the decision of
umpires.
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of F. Dankworth
and 7 others, engravers employed in the office of the Coast '
Survey, praying relief from the decision made by the Hon. I
Elisha Whittlesey, whereby they are deprived ofthe advance ;
of twenty per cent, voted by act of Congress la clerks, &c.,
employed in the city of Washington.
Also, the memorial of Jacob Frick, William F. Miskey,
Charles B. Ress, and 23 others, citizens of Philadelphia, '
praying Congress to pass a law giving one hundred and i
sixty acres of land to the soldiers ofthe war of 1812, &c.
By Mr. DISNEY: Memorials of members of the General
Assembly of the State of Ohio, asking Congress to create I
an additional district court of the United States within that I
State. !
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 3, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a copy of the acts, resolutions, and memo-
rials, passed at the first annual and special ses-
sions of the Legislature of the Territory of Utah,
begun and held on the 22d September, 1851,
transmitted to the President of the Senate in com-
pliance with law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs-at-Iaw of General James Clinton, praying to
be allowed for the depreciation on commutation
certificates; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs-at-Iaw of Samuel
Lewis, praying to be allowed for the depreciation
on commutation certificates; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs-at-law of Udney
Hay, praying to be allowed for the depreciation
on commutation certificates; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs-at-law of Joshua
Danforth, praying to be allowed for the deprecia-
tion on commutation certificates; which was re-
ferred to the Comfriittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Ephraim Munson, praying
a pension, in consideration of his services in the
Indian wars which continued after the Revolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Williamson,
Wayne county, New York, praying an appro-
priation of land for the construction of a ship
canal around the Falls of Niagara; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of
Joseph M. Wilcoxon, of the State of Missouri,
reported it without amendment.
On motion by Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to confirm to Joseph M. Wil-
coxon certain tracts of land in Missouri, which he
has entered.
No amendment being made, it was reported to
the Senate without amendment; ordered to a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to provide a li-
brary for young men in the District of Columbia;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
THIRD READING OF A BILL.
The engrossed bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue certificates of registry or
enrollment to American-built vessels in certain
cases, was read a third time and passed.
BRITAIN FRANKS.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Britain Franks, assignee of Joseph M.
Smith, was read a first and second time by its title,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
An amendment being proposed by Mr. BROD-
HEAD, the bill, with the proposed amendment,
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred as follows:
An act for the relief of Captain Lewis E. Si-
raonds. Referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
An act for the relief of Jasper A. Maltby. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
An act for the relief of James H. Jenkins. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
An act for the relief of John Frink. Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill entitled " An act for the re-
lief of Maurice K. Simons."
Also, that it had agreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill granting the right of way to
the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad Com-
pany, with an amendment, in which it requests
the concurrence of the Senate.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHER.
Mr. SMITH. If it be in order, I wish to state
to the Senate that I am requested by the Hon.
Archibald Dixon to ask that he may be excused
from further service on the Select Committee ap-
pointed upon the memorial of Charles Thomas
Wells, on account of ill health. It is well known
to the Senate that Mr. Dixon has been obliged
to leave the city, in consequence of the critical
state of his health. I move that he be excused,
and that the President pro tern, be authorized to
fill the vacancy.
Mr. WALKER expressed the hope that the
subject might be allowed to lie over until to-mor-
row, to which Mr. Smith assented, and the va-
cancy was not filled.
JAMES ROBERTSON.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am directed by the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
; Expenses of the Senate, to report two resolutions
to the body, and to ask their adoption at the pres-
ent time. They refer to the case of James Robert-
son, and the Senate will accommodate the com-
mittee, and perhaps the whole body, very much
by adopting them at this time. The committee
report two resolutions, the first of which is, that
j the prayer of the memorialist be rejected; and then
the committee have thought proper, after making
that report, to add the following:
But in consideration that James Robertson has remained
in the city of Washington during the sessions of Congress
since his arrest, anil the influence which the payment of
$100 to him heretofore may have had upon his mind, to in-
duce the belief that he had a just claim against the Senate
worthy of prosecution, and for the purpose of enabling him
to return to his friends, the committee have thought proper
to submit, for the adoption of the Senate, the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That there be paid to James Robertson, out
of the contingent fund of the Senate, $150, the acceptance
of which by him is to be in full of all demands which he
may conceive he has against this body.
Allow me to say, that we have worded th  res-
olution in this way so that he may understand
that, upon the acceptance of the money, there is
to be an end of the matter, and the Senate and its
members are no longer to be troubled upon the
subject. If he rejects this, as it is possible he
may, the committee are of opinion that if he be a
lunatic, as is suggested, he ought to be found such
by an inquest, and ought to be provided for as we
provide for other lunatics throughout the country,
i We hope that this will terminate the matter, and
: relieve the members of the Senate from all further
trouble. I hope, therefore, that both resolutions
will be acted upon and adopted, and that the re-
i port will be printed.
j Mr. WALKER. I move to lay upon the table
the resolution giving this man $150.
j Mr. HALE. I ask for a division of the ques-
I tion. Let the vote first be taken upon the resolu-
tion that the memorial be rejected. I suppose the
Senator from Wisconsin does not want to lay that
upon the table. The committee report two reso-
lutions; one is, that the memorial be rejected, and
the other is that $150 be paid to Robertson. I
: ask for a division of the question. Let us first
have a vote on the one rejecting the memorial.
! Mr. WALKER. I .agree to that course, and
withdraw my motion for the present.
The first resolution of the committee, "Resolved,
that the prayer of the memorialist be rejected,"
was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the second reso-
lution, authorizing the payment of $150 to James
Robertson.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the Senate will
adopt that resolution. The committee have been
influenced by considerations which it is hardly
necessary to mention to the Senate, and reported
' it with the hope that this would terminate the mat-
ter forever, and that we should have no further
trouble. I hope, therefore, that it will be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that this matter
is going to lead to debate, and there is a special
s order for half-past twelve o'clocjc, which ought to
be taken up and acted upon.
Several Senators. There will be no debate.
| Mr. WALKER. I move to lay the resolution
j now under consideration upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I intend to ask for the yeas
i and nays upon this question; and I propose that
j \ there shall go along with this vote a very brief
' explanation of this matter. During the life of Mr.
