482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
nected with the duty of collecting the revenues,
over which the Government wilt not have as com-
plete a control as they now have over public ware-
houses.
The second change proposed is that of extend-
ing the time during which goods may be put in
warehouses, though designed for consumption.
This bill extends the time to three years. This,
sir, I consider a very important change, and one
which 1 think deeply affects certain great interests
hi this country. As the law now stands, by the
act of August 6,1846, all duties upon importations
are required to be paid in cash, with a provision
in that act, that if not paid at the time prescribed
by law, the goods may be taken possession of by
the Government, or may be put in the public
warehouses, and if not taken out within one year
and the duties paid, then to be sold.
By the act of the 3d of March, 1649, another
alteration was made. That act declares that all
goods intended for immediate reexportation may
be taken out at any time within two years, and if
intended for consumption, they may be taken out
within one year. So the Senate will perceive that
at this time, goods can only be put tn warehouses
when designed for consumption, for one year; and
when they are intendeil to be reexported, for two
years. Thus stands the law at the present time.
The proposed act makes no difference between
goods placed in a warehouse which are intended
for consumption and those which are to be reex-
ported, as to the extent of time that they may re-
main there; but extends the time in both cases to
three years. The effect of this act will be to make
a depot in this country for three years, of any
kind of goods which may be imported into this
country for consumption. In other words, goods
imported for consumption may remain three years,
without any duty being paid upon them; thus
giving to the foreign importer an opportunity of
consulting the state of our market, and of throw-
ing his goods into it for sale at any time which he
may deem moat advantageous to his interest, and
most detrimental to our domestic trade.
Now, sir, if the bill reported by the Committee
on Finance confined the privilege of placing goods
in a warehouse for three years, to those goods
only which are intended for reexportation, it would
not be so objectionable; but, sir, it goes further,
and alters the existing law so as to enable the im-
porter to put goods designed for consumption into
warehouses for three years. It makes no dis-
tinction between goods imported for consumption
and those imported for reexportation. It is to this
provision that I make my principal objection. My
first objection to it is, that it removes the check
upon over-importation, a check which was de-
signed by the tariff of 1840, by requiring the duties
to be paid in cash. The policy of that act was,
while it encouraged, by its low duties, importation
to a great extent, at the same time put a check
upon too great an importation, by means of cash
duties, so as to prevent the evil of an overstocked
market, and to keep up something like regularity
in trade. That little collateral protection, cash du-
ties, thrown around our domestic manufactures, is
taken away by this provision of the bill.
In the second place, my objection to this bill is,
that it will give to importers, or rather to foreign
manufacturers, the control of our market over
certain articles of manufacture in this country,
by bringing the foreign article of the like charac-
ter into a still closer competition with ours. If
this bill was confined to the importation of such
goods which have no competition or rival in this
country, it would encourage commerce without in-
juring our manufacturers. But it is broad enough
in extent to admit all articles which come in com-
petition with the manufactures of this country.
It brings the manufacturer from England to New
York, where he makes his depot for iron for three
years, and thus accumulate his stock during that
period. He can as well keep it there as in Liver-
pool; so that when the time is favorable for sale,
he may throw it into our market, to interfere with
and put down his rival in this country. I think
this is unfair. The manufacturers, in this country,
being out own citizens, employing domestic labor,
ought at least to have the benefit of locality, and
the natural advantages which their position gives
them over the manufacturers of England, in our
markets.
But, sir, if this bill passes, and you permit the
• Engjish manufacturer to make his dep6t hera for
1 three years, without paying during that time
I duty upon his goods, you deprive us of that pro-
i tection which we are justly entitled to, both by
position and by the law of 1840. And when you
take into consideration the facilities for commu-
nication now existing between this country and
England, you will perceive that that also will tend
to our disadvantage.
The reasons assigned for extending the time for
warehousing goods is, the encouragement of com-
merce; that is, facilitating the reexportation of
articles from this country, by creating a depot at
the commercial emporiums, where what are called
assorted cargoes may be had. With regard to all
articles not raised or manufactured in this country,
and all merchandise which comes from beyond the
Cape of Good Hope, a depot of that kind would
be of great advantage to our commerce; and if the
provisions of this bill were confined to such im-
portations, permiting them to come here for the
purpose of reexportation, I would not object, be-
cause I believe it would encourage our own com-
merce. But why should we give an opportunity
for bringing in the articles manufactured in Eng-
land which we produce here, and thus give to them
the advantage of competing successfully in our
own market ? I can see no good reason for this.
This bill, to a certain extent, would deprive the
American manufacturer of that little modicum of
protection secured by the tariff of 1846. Sir, we
had great promises made during the late canvass,
especially at the North, that our manufactories
were to be in someway relieved by Congress, and
that certain articles of manufacture, especially iron,
were to be delivered from the partial effect of ad
valorem duties and the frauds committed under
them. But, instead of giving us thatrelief, or any
measure being proposed to that end, what has been
done?
The chairman of the Committee on Finance has
reported a bill, which, in my opinion, takes away
from the act of 1846 one of its features of protec-
tion—cash duties. It goes further than that, for
it will enable the foreign manufacturer, as I have
said before, to compete with us, in a position in
which he will take advantage of any rise or fall in
the markets, for the purpose of breaking down
our manufactures. Take for example the article
of iron. The price of iron has advanced consid-
erably within the last year, owing to an increased
demand for it; but unfortunately for us, just at
this time, when money can be made by its manu-
i facture, our forges are broken down, so that when
the rain corftmences our dishes are wrong side up. '
Suppose again, that in the course of three years
there is another change in the price of iron, and
) there is a surplus of the article in England, and it
1 is brought here and collects here for three years,
ready to be thrown into market, to produce an
effect upon the prices. Thus the market will be
kept continually in confusion, and our weak and
young manufacturers, who depend upon a ready
market, will be broken down, and deprived of the
ability to secure any benefit from improvement in
prices that may occur in the course of trade,
i i^gain: 1 object to this bill because it is too gen-
eral. Under this bill, what is to prevent England
from throwing coal, or an article of like charac-
ter, into this country, making a depot at Boston '
or New York, and collecting it there for three years
in large quantities? She may bring it there and
sell it whenever the state of the market will war-
rant it, for there is no risk in keeping articles of
this kind, while she has three years time to avoid
losses. And besides, if it is kept in warehouses
three years, and then reexported, there will be no i
duty to be paid upon it. But if there should be
during that time a rise in price, owing to the crip-
pling of our domestic supplies, England will take
advantage of it.
I have no doubt, as I have said, that some of
the features of this bill would give considerable
advantage to commerce. I am as much in favor
of encouraging that great interest of the country,
as any gentleman here; but I think that there has
been rather an undue encouragement given to
foreign commerce. I do not complain of the en-
couragements which have already been extended
to it; but we all know that, under its influence,
our foreign commerce has advanced, I was going
to say, to a fearful extent. But, however that
may be, I am not willing to give to foreign com-
merce an advantage which I think is going to
affect materially another great interest of the coun- i
! try; that is, the home trade, and domestic manu-
i factures. I know that free trade is the order of
the day, and great blessings are anticipated from
it. We have not yet gone to the extent of free-
dom in free trade, for I notice, by the last arrival
from England, we have information that she looks
to a glorious era of free trade in this country.
She anticipates a further advancement in the good
fellowship of commercial union. For the pur-
pose of showing what she anticipates, I will take
the liberty of reading to the Senate an extract from
an English correspondent, published in yester-
day's Union:
" England and the United States.—The Govern-
ment have directed that the Canard mail steamers, adver-
tised to sail this day, shall be delayed at Liverpool till to-
morrow, in order that she may bear across tin1 Atlantic
dispatches from tile Secretary of State for Foreign Affurs,
Lord John Russell. There is every reason to hope and he-
lieve that these dispatches are of a character likely to pro-
mote objects in which the public have long taken deep in-
terest.
■' We may expect to see the present Government play
two winning cards in America—the one by the settlement
of the clergy-reserves question in Canada, the other by ar-
ranging free trade between our American dependencies and
the United States. The lale Government, it is understood,
had entered mlo negotiations with the Americans on the
subject of the opening of the fisheries and the St. Law-
rence, within certain restrictions—obtaining in return free
intercommunications as to native products between the
United States and the British dependencies.
'■ The present free trade Government cannot do otherwise
than follow up in a hearty and cordial spiritany propositions
on this subject made by their predecessors. Indeed, it is far
more natural to expect a sincere advoftley of commercial
freedom abroad from a Cabinet of Whigs and Peelites, leav-
ened by a wholesome spice of radicalism, than from any
administration led by the protectionist, Earl of Derby. The
task of carrying out such advocacy in the present caise will
of course be facilitated by the accession of Mr. Pierce, a
Democrat and free trader, to the Presidency of the United
States.
Everything that tends to cement the union between Eng-
land and our transatlantic brethren must be regarded a* highly
desirable. Tn America weought to find ourvery best friends,
our surest allies, our most valuable customers. We want
American corn and American cotton, whilst America needs
vast supplies of manufactured goods, which we can send
her belter and cheaper than any one else. She needs capi-
tal, for which she can otfergood security; while we have
an abundance of money seeking good investment.
" All this invites the most intimate national union. To
cement our Canadian dependencies to their Yankee neigh-
bors and cousins is to rid us of one source of colonial ditli-
cullv. The interchange of the native products of the two
countries will relieve both from vexatious eust m-house
regulations, and both from the demoralizing effect of a sys-
tem of smuggling which now exists, and which no possible
vigilance could subdue along so vast an extent of river and
lake frontier."
Mr. President, the patronizing tone of this arti-
cle is truly flattering to American pride and enter-
prise. " They have the capital" seeking invest-
ments; "they have the manufactures to supply us
better than we can supply ourselves, or from any
other country." They desire to "play two win-
ning cards in America." Sir, if this bill passes, to
carry out the figure, England will have another
trump in hand, which will enable her to play out
the game of free trade, by making a depot of our
commercial ports for their manufactures, which
will control hereafter the advancement of Ameri-
can labor and enterprise.
Mr. President, I will not consnme the time of the
Senate further. I know that my colleague [Mr.
Stockton] is anxious to get up his bill providing
for the reorganization of the I^avy. I will merely
remark, that I intend, when this bill comes up-
again for action, to move to amend the fourth sec-
tion, in the second line, so as to except from its
operation all iron in bloom, bars, pigs, rods, slabs,,
and castings of all kinds; and then 1 shal Imove to
strike out the whole of the section, unless it be
amended to shorten the time in which merchan-
dise imported for consumption shall continue in-
warehouse.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. I ask my friend from New
Jersey to allow me one minute. I shall move to
postpone this bill until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock, with the hope and expectation that
I shall then be able to dispose of it in half an hour,
or three quarters of an hour at the most; for if I
cannot get all I want, I will get as much as I can,
which will bean improvement upon tne present
system. I think, however, that I shall be able, in
the course of a few minutes to-morrow, to show
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Mji.ler] that
he is mistaken in regard to the probable effeets of
this bill ifit passes, upon our manufactures. But
I will not be longer in the way of the other Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Stocktoh.] I move to
