486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
able Senator from New Jeisey, who lias the bill
so much at heart, that my hps will be sealed upon
the subject, ami 1 shall pve but a silent vote upon
all the other propositions involvtd tn the bill.
The yeas ami nays \\ ere ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am fntndly to the general
objects of this lull, and 1 do not propose to make
a speech upon it. 1 only wish to obtain that in-
formation which is necessary to enable me to vote
understanding!}' upon it. 1 am afraid that my
friend from Florida, who is usually, 1 know, very
accurate in regard to naval matters, has made his
calculation upon a basis which the facts will not
sustain. lie has asserted, that to adopt the
amendment which is proposed, and to allow this
number of active officers, will not increase the
whole number of officers in the service. But that
is based upon the supposition that in certain
grades certain reductions will be made, which 1
think he will find the Senate hardly willing: to
agree to. This bill rather increases the number
of captains, because there are at present sixty-
eight captains, of whom some are commodores.
Tins bill proposes to make seventy commodores
and captains altogether; and while it increases
that class of aged men in the service, it diminishes
perhaps the most efficient portion of our naval
force, and that is the second lieutenants, or those
now called passed midshipmen. 1 think it is an
excellent change to jrive those officers the grade of
"second lieutenants" instead of "passed midship-
men;" but 1 am inclined to think that this bill
diminishes the personnel of the Navy precisely
where that personnel is most needed. I am inclined
to think that this diminution cannot be properly
made while we are increasing the number in the
higher grades of captain and commodore. If this
frovision be retained, the result will be, as I said
feared, and as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire suggested, that we shall increase the number
of_ officers. I do not wish to do that now. It
may be necessary hereafter, but I think it will
suffice to begin more gradually, and proceed more
slowly. I believe that if we were to begin with
this system of classification upon the basis of the
existing number of officers in the Navy, it would
be effecting a great deal; but I think we shall pro-
ceed more safely, if we take the number of active
officers now in commission, and take from them
those who are to be retired. It seems to me
that neither the Senator from Florida, nor any
one else, can tell how many are to be retired until ;
the board meets. There is no limitation as to '
that in the bill. I only throw out this as a sug- I
gestion, that those Senators who are better in- \
formed on the subject than I am may look into
it. As I said before, I am friendly to the general
objects of the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I only aim at what is prac-
ticable, and I have not hazarded an opinion as to
the number of officers without due meditation.
Let me, in the first place, reply to the Senator
from New Hampshire, who perhaps has created
an impression that he should not create upon the
Senate in relation to those officers who are " wait-
ing orders." There will always appear upon the
Navy Register a large number of officers who are
waiting orders. The country does not presup-
pose that a sea-going officer is to be at sea all the
time. Such an expectation would preclude some
of the dearest ties of life. When an officer re-
turns from a cruise, he is necessarily waiting
orders until he is again sent off, precisely as the
Senator from New Hampshire is, when Congress
is not in session, or as the judges of the Supreme
Court are when they are not holding their circuits.
As to any remark I may have made about the j
opposition of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire to the Navy, I have only to say, that
. if he has not, since 1 have had the honor of having
a seat here, evinced an hostility to the Navy, he .
has had the most logical, the most seductive and '
insinuating way of impressing that conviction
upon the mind?) of others. But I take it back; and :
although he is opposed, as he admits, to the ex- j
istence of the Navy, and would withdraw our ,
ships from the ocean, and disband our officers, I !
am perfectly willing to review my opinion, and I
say from this time forward that he is in favor of :
the Navy. I know that he aims at practical legis-
lation, and therefore I shall now endeavor to sat-
isfy him upon what principle [ have stated that
this bill will not increase the number of officers,
and is not designed to increase them. My calcu-
lation is based upon the relative services of the
officers and their ages; and I take as the basis
that there will be eighty on the retired list. It
is a mere calculation, but it is one based upon the ;
best information we can have. I assume that
twenty captains, twenty commanders, and forty-
lieutenants will be upon the retired list; and if
these officers are retired, I say you would not
. have the same number of officers you now have
in the Navy, but that there would still remain, ac-
cording to this bill, a decrease of seventeen. In-
stead of increasing the number of officers in the
Navy, this bill decreases them by seventeen. In-
stead of three hundred and twenty-five first lieu-
tenants, it proposes, as amended, to have two hun-
dred and seventy first lieutenants, and instead of
two hundred and five passed midshipmen or second
lieutenants, it proposes one hundred second lieu-
tenants. There is a decrease in those two grades
of one hundred and sixty. That shows why it is
that I say this bill decreases the number of officers.
When I speak of the bill, I mean of the bill as it 1
will stand when the amendments of fhecommittee,
submitted by the Senator from New Jersey, shall
have been adopted.
The bill provides in effect that the officers form-
ing the retired, the furloughed, and the active list
of the Navy shall be made out of the present offi-
cers of the Navy; but it will still leave seventeen
of them who will not be included in the new es-
tablishment. Therefore I think the objection that
this bill will increase the number of officers does
not pertain. We must have some calculations in
order to form an estimate. In order to estimate
the number on the retired and furloughed list, I
take into consideration the relative ages and ser-
vice of the officers, and the amount of their sea-go-
ing service. On that basis we can form an ap-
proximation. I have fixed the number at eighty.
I think, therefore, the objection of my friend from
Virginia does not pertain. The number of offi-
cers will not be increased by this bill; and if the
Senate will agree to have a retired list at all, I
think there can be no objection to this bill.
The question being taken on the first amend-
ment of the committee, to insert the word " active"
before the word " commissioned," resulted—yeas
30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Bright, Brod-
head, Bntler, Cass, Charlton, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, De
Paussure, Foot, Geyer,Gwin, Houston, Jones of.Tennessee,
Mallory, Mangum, Miller, Morton,Rusk, Sebastian,Sew-
ard, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Stockton, Toucey, and
Walker—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Chase, Cooper, Dodge of
Iowa, Felch, Fitzpatnck, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones of
Iowa, Petlit, Sumner, Underwood, and Wade—14.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. There is evidently a determina-
tion on the part of the Senate to take the amend-
ments of the committee, and I hope the question
will be put upon the whole of them together. It
will save a great deal of time. Let the vote be
taken on the whole of them, unless some Senator
wants to reserve some particular one.
The suggestion was acceded to, and theamend-
ments were adopted together. For an intelligent
understanding of them we give them in detail:
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "shall be of," and insert " may be, but
shall not exceed;" so that the bill should read,
" the active commissioned officers of the Navy of
the United States may be, but shall not exceed the
number and grades following," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sixfy-
eight" and insert "fifty," so as to reduce the num-
ber of captains to fifty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, which was to increase the
number of commanders from ninety-seven to one
hundred, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the word
" commandant" and insert " commanders," so as
to provide fifty first lieutenant commanders; and it
was agreed to.
The next amendment was to reduce the number
of first lieutenants from three hundred and twenty-
five to two hundred and seventy; and it was agreed
to.
The next amendment was to reduce the number
of second lieutenants from two hundred and five
to one hundred; and it was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the words
" ten chief engineers," and insert "one chief engi-
neer and thirteen engineers;" and it was agreed
to.
The next amendment was to provide that no
masters "not in the line of promotion" should
be appointed, or warranted, in the service; and it
was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the num-
ber of midshipmen from two hundred and two to
two hundred and fifty, and to add " and also the
acting midshipmen of the Naval Academy."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the num-
ber of boatswains from forty-one to sixty; and it
was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
u When midshipmen shall have passed their examination
and been assigned to the naval service, iliey shall be coin-
mi.-sjoned as second lieutenants ; and the number so as-
signed and commissioned shall not exceed sixty in any on&
year;"
And to insert in lieu of it:
" When midshipmen shall have passed their final examin-
ation and been assigned to the naval service, they shall be
commission! d as second lieutenants; and no gieater number
shall be soassigntd and commissioned than shall be suffi-
cient to fill the complement of second lientenants above
prescribed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, in the
second section, which requires each of theofficera
composing the board to determine on applications
for entering into the retired list, the provision re-
quiring each of its members to have seen at least
five years sea service in his grade, and to insert in
lieu of it:
Proiided, That before any officer or officers shall be
retired or furloughed under the piovisions or" this act, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy to transmit
a Naval Register to each captain and commander, and to
each ot the sixty lieutenants oldest in commission, whose
duty it shall be, on receipt ofthe same, on his honor, without
consultation with, and without the knowledge of, any other
person, to designate with the letter R, on said register, all
officers of his own, and of all inferior grades whoin he may
think ought, on account of infirmity of health, or any other
disqualification not affecting their moral characters, to he
retired ; and in like manner to designate with the letter F,
on said register, all such officers who, for Ihe good of the
service, and by reason of incapacity, or any other cause,
should be furloughed ; and thereupon transmit, under seal,
to the Navy Department, said registers. And it shall be the
duty ofthe Secretary of the Navy to submit said registers,
designated as aforesaid, to the board of officers hereinbe-
fore provided for, who shall open and examine the same,
and make record of the designations therein contained ; and
I in selecting the officers to be retired or furloughed, said
j Board shall commence with those officers having the great-
est number of said letters R or F affixed respectively to
their names on said register."
; The amendment was agreed to.
Thfe next amendment was to extend the list
from which the officers to be retired and furloughed
should be selected, to warrant officers, midshipmen
excepted, and not restrict it to commissioned offi-
cers.
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was to strike out the words
in the fourth section, "and qualification for sea
service," so that it may authorize the President to
fill the vacancies in the Board by preserving the
relative proportion of grades, without reference to
sea service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to amend the fifth
section, so as to provide that at the expiration of
five years from convening the Board, the President
shall assemble another Board, and in like manner
at the expiration of every five years thereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, in the sixth
section, after the word " commission," the words
" or warrant," so as to allow promotions to be by
seniority of commission or warrant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven, to
strike out the words " but that the duties of mas-
ter shall continue to be performed by officers of
this grade," [passed midshipmen,] and insert
•' and the duties of master and watch officer shall
be performed by officers of this grade, together
with such other duties as maybe assigned to them
by the proper authority."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the eighth section,
to strike out the words:
" It shall be the duty of every commodore to transmit an-
nually to the Navy Department, under such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Secretary thereof, a list ot such
captains as he may, tin his honor, deem to possess mos
professional character, ability, and experience; and i
