488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
S. MORRIS WALN.
The bill from the House of Representatives, for
the relief of S. Morris Wain, was read the first
and second time.
The PRESIDENT. It will be referred to the
Committee on Finance, if there be no objection.
Air. GWIN. The Committee on Finance have
considered the bill informally, and there is no ob-
jection to it; so that I hope it will be put upon its
passage. ,
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill, as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to S.
Morris Wain, surviving partner of the firm of S.
Morris Wain & Co., the amount of duties paid on
certain importations of wine in 1833, which were
destroyed by fire in Philadelphia, while in the
custody of the custom-house officers.
Mr. CASS. Is there any report in this case ?
Mr. G WIN. There is a report from the House
committee. The bill hag been passed by the
House, and it has been examined informally by
the Committee on Finance, and there is no objec-
tion to it. The Committee on Finance have re-
ported a general bill, covering the same principle.
Mr. DAVIS. I would inquire whether this bill
is limited to goods imported in the original pack-
ages ?
jVlr. GWIN. Yes, sir; goods which were burned
in the original packages, while in the custody of
the Government officers.
Mr. PRATT. I think it much better that a bill
of this importance should go to the appropriate
cpmmiWee of the Senate. It involves certain prin-
ciples w,hiph we do not certainly understand by
njerely hearing the reading of the bill. Its object
is to release, on the part of the Government, cer-
tain duties which have been incurred by the party
in the importation of wines. I think it should go
tQ the Committee on Finance.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
MAH.Y P1JRRY.
On motioB by. Mr. CHtARLTON, the Senate, as
iq Commit&e of the Whole, proceeded to consider
tji« bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary Perry. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
jmy to her, as the legal representative of Michael
Watson, deceaseds late captain in the Army of the
Revolution, and who was slain in that war, $2,100,
being seven-yeajnt' halCpay of a captain.
The bill vu reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the " bill for the pro-
• tection of the emigrant route and a telegraphic
* line, and for an overland mail, between the Mis-
'souri river and the settlements in California and
4 Oregon."
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr-. Brodhead to the amendment reported
from the Select Committee, to strike out all after
the word " that," and insert:
"The Secretary of War be, and he is hereby authorized,
tinder the direction of the President of the United States, to
employ Si^ch portion of the Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers, and such other person? as he may deem necessary,
to make a reconnoissance and survey of the most practicable
and economical route for a railroad from the Mississippi
riyer to the Pacific ocean, aud that the sum of $100,000 be,
iwd the her/ehy, appropriqted out of any money, in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray the ex-
pense of such exploration and survey."
Mr. CHASE. The amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, as I understand it, is an
amendment to an amendment, and it therefore can-
not be amended except by his consent. I have,
however, prepared some amendments which the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania has agreed
to accept, and also an additional section to his
amendment. With these modifications, his amend-
ment will be to strikeout all the amendment of the
Select Committee after the word " that," and
insert:
The Secretary of War be, and he is hereby authorized,
under the direction of the President of the United States,
to employ such portion of the Corps of Topographical En-
gineers, and such other persons ap lie may deem necessary,
R> make such explorations and survey as he may deem ad
visable, to ascertain the most practicable and economical
route for a railroad from the Mississippi river to the Pacific
ocean; and that the sum of .$100,000 hp, and the same is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
oilier wisa Appropriated, to defray the expenses of such ex-
plorations and survey.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in making such
explorations and survey, the engineers and other persons
employed under the authority of this act, may be directed
to ai t in concert with any engineers, or other persons em-
ployed by any individual or individuals, association or as-
sociations, for the saoie general object; and the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized and required to receive pro-
posals from individuals, or associations, for the construction
of a railroad between the valley of the Mississippi and the
Pacific ocean, and to lay the some before Congress at the
next session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The amendments of the
Senator from Ohio to the section which I origin-
ally proposed are merely verbal; they do not
change its tenor; but the additional section which
he has proposed is quite an important one. Nev-
ertheless, I agree to it; I cheerfully accept it, and
modify my amendment as suggested by him.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then
be on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the amendment reported by the Select
Committee, as the former amendment has been
modified on the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I suppose the
vote which is about to be taken will be a decisive
one. It will be a test vote. If the Senate are
now prepared to decide the question whether they
will engage in the prosecution of this work, I
think it would be well perhaps that we should have
a full Senate. If the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, as modified at the suggestion
of the Senator from Ohio, should be agreed to,
this work cannot be prosecuted at present, but
will be postponed for an indefinite period. 1 hope
j for that reason that this amendment will be rejected.
' I had intended to submit some remarks upon the
general question, because that portion of the Con-
federacy from which I come, is deeply interested
in the prosecution of this work; but I have been
laburing under a hoarseness, produced by a sore-
ness of the throat, during the whole session,
which has precluded the possibility  f my partici-
pating in the debate. This I have deeply regret-
ted; but, perhaps, this may not now be necessary,
as my colleague [Mr. Gwin] has fully presented all
the facts necessary to establish the importance of
the work, and the practicability of its construction.
There were, however, some remarks made yes-
terday which I had hoped those Senators who
were opposed to the construction of the road
would find it necessary to go into more fitlly to-
j Sly friend from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has
j discovered that there is an immense corporation
! covered up somewhere in the bill of the Senator
j from Texas, It is true that the Senator is not
' able to locate this tremendous corporation in any
: particular section of the bill, yet he is very sure
; that, with the aid of his Democratic glasses, he can
I fix it somewhere.
, " Optics keen, it takes, I weeq,
[ To see what is not to be seen."
If that Senator can show me that the effect of
this bill is to incorporate a dangerous company,
with the immense power which he claims can be
j exercised in controlling a work of this sort, I am
j against it. But what is this corporation ? The
| President of the United States is authorized to
make a contract with some private individual or
individuals for the construction of this road. Thjs
; is all. As well might it be claimed that in all con-
tracts which are made between the Executive De-
1 partmeut of the Government and individuals, oor-
| porations are constituted. If you were to pass a
I bill authorizing the President to m^ke a contract
for the construction of light-houses on the Pacific
, coast, you might, lyith as much propriety, claim
that that was an act of incorporation dangerous to
the public weal. Sir, the simple authority here
conferred upon the President of the United States,
is to make a contract for the construction of the
road; and that,in the estimation of the Senator from
Delaware, is more dangerous than the late Bank of
the United States was ! If there be any such act
of incorporation in this bill, let the Senator point it
out, and then I shall be against it. If my friend
from Texas has been overreached, or if he is at-
tempting to overreach me by forcing a bank of the
United States upon this country, under the pre-
text of constructing a railroad, I desire that my
able friend from Delaware shall give me the neces-
sary information that I may convict that Senator,
emu then he shall be read out of the Democratic
party.
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] who
also says here is an incorporation which is goin< 
to eat out the liberties of the country, contended
that this work was not within the constitutional
powers of the Government. I desire to know
whether there is no power in Congress to construct
a military'road ? Is there no power in Congress
to establish a post route? Is there not an obliga-
tion resting upon this Government to protect the
people who stand upon its frontier ? Sir, the man
who stands upon the remotest portion of the Re-
public is as much entitled to the protection of this
Government as he who stands in its center. If
you desire the confidence and support of the peo-
ple, you must take care to protect them.
The simple proposition that a contract shall be
made for the construction of a railroad connecting
the waters of the Mississippi with the Pacific
ocean, is, in the estimation of my friend from Del-
aware, a dangerous act of incorporation. I sub-
mit to him whether this is not an effort to defeat
the bill upon a sort of " mad-dog" cry. No gen-
eral denunciation will answer. My friend from
Delaware is an able lawyer. I know him to be a
distinguished special pleader. If, by the aid of his
legal knowledge, and his ability, he can show me
an act of incorporation in this bill which is dan-
gerous to the public weal, he may count upon my
opposition to it. If there be any bank seed con-
cealed in this bill, show it to me, and 1 am against
its charter. Monopolies, especially banking insti-
tutions, have never been favorites with me.
The Senator from Indiana said that there was
no power in this Government to make this appro-
priation of money, and that the Democratic creed
was, that this Government never could appropriate
the public money to carry on works of improve-
ment within the States. Does that Senator repre-
sent the Democracy of Indiana? I had supposed
that there was no Democracy in this Union more
clamorous of late years for appropriations for the
National road, and other works of internal im-
provement, than the Democracy of his own State.
Does he undertake to tell me that there was no
constitutional power in this Government to carry
on the National road ? Were all these appropri-
ations in violation of the Federal Constitution ?
I had supposed that it was long since settled that
Congress ha4 a constitutional power to appropri-
ate the public money for works of internal im-
provement of a national character. There has, I
grant, been a difference of opinion between politi-
cal parties in this country, in regard to the consti-
tutional power of Congress to make appropria-
tions for works of internal improvement—the one
desired the Government to engage in a ruinous
system of local improvements within the States.
The Cumberland or National road, which was de-
signed to connect the East with what was then the
far West, was first sanctioned by Mr. Jefferson.
It was approved by all our Democratic Presidents
down to Mr. Polk. Yet, sir, a new light has
sprung up here in the State of Indiana, discovering
that there is no constitutional power to do that
vyrhich all those apostles of Democracy have sanc-
tioned. I am inclined to think that they were
right and the Senator wrong.
I do not propose to enter into the discussion of
the constitutional power of Congress to carry on
tl)is work. I am only claiming that it is a great
national work—important in a commercial, in a
political, and in a military point of view; one which
is indispensably necessary to secure the perma-
nence of our Government. And if youdesireto put
down that feeling, which oftentimes springs up
upon the frontier, of disaffection towards the cen-
tral Government, you must take care to bind the
people of your frontier more closely to you in in-
terest and in feeling. Such a work as is proposed
will- do more to strengthen the Union, and bind
the States more firmly together, than any other
measure which can be devised. Let our interests
be united; let us feel that the protecting hand of
the Federal Government is extended over ub, and
the Union will be perpetual.
If my friend from Delaware is prepared to en-
ter into this discussion, and show me that this
bill creates a corporation dangerous to this coun-
try, I shall yield the point; but I ask him to point
it out in good faith. I have a friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Butler] who, I doubt not, can see
a monstrous corporation in it; at all events, he will
be able to discover something that violates the
Constitution; but I beg <>f him to remember that
