is 5a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
489
1 belong to the strict-construction school of poli-
tuuns. 1 hold the Federal Government strictly
to the exercise of that power which has been
given to it by the Constitution, leaving to the
States and the people all power which has not thus
been delegated. If he can show that the bill is un-
constitutional, as a matter of course I shall vote
demist it. If he can show that it violates that
construction which has been given to the Consti-
tution by the Democratic party, I shall be against
it; but until then—until he shall have satisfied me
of these facts, the mimense importance of this
work will induce me to give it my support. I am
w ediled to no scheme—to no particular measure.
It is a matter of no sort of importance to me what
plan be adopted, if it be only a practicableone, and
one which can be executed within the shortest pos-
sible time; in other words, I want the road. Now,
I ask that my friend from Delaware shall make
good his assertions of yesterday, and show the
Senate that this bill creates a dangerous corpora-
tion.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not purpose to go into
the argument any further than to read the sections
which, as I consider, support the view which I
have taken, and which has been commented upon
by the Senator from California. 1 understand the
issue between the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia and myself to be this: He says that this bill
does not create a corporation, be it great or small,
a corporate body, for the purpose of constructing
this work, and not only for ita construction but
for the subsequent working of the road. Now,
when I look at the first section of the bill of the
Senator from Texas, I find that it provides—
'• That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to cau*e to be constructed by contract as hereinafter
provided, sf> as il may be practicable after the passage
ot thismct, a railroad and telefpraphic line connecting the
vMle> at the Mississippi with U*e Pacific oc*jan."
In the third section, particular appropriations
are made " for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of the said railroad and lineof telegraph."
The fifth section provides the mode of construc-
tion, and requires the President, so soon as the
general route shall have been selected and deter-
mined upon, " to cause advertisements to be pub-
' lished in at least two of the newspapers in each
' of the States, specifying the various descriptions
• of work to be done, and inviting sealed propo-
• sals," and so on, " and said road shall be let to
the lowest and beat bidders." What road is to
be let? The entire road of course, and not a part
of it. The contract is to be for the whole road.
Then I come to the thirteenth section, which is in
these words:
" That for the purpose* of this act the contractors, their
associates and successor*, are hereby created and consti-
tuted a body politic and corporate, by the name of 'The
Pacific Railroad and Telegraph Company,' by which name
they may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, nnd
have and enjoy all proper remedies at law and in equity ;
may organize and elect ouch officers as they may deeiq na-
eessarj, and have and use a common seal; they may also
open books and issue certificates of stock, and perform all
other acts necessary to carry iato effect the provisions herein
contained: Provided, hotnevtr, That the provisions of this
aci shall have no force nqr effect whatever witllin the
limits of any State without the consent ot' the Legislature
of said .-tale previously had and obtained."
That consent is necessary, also, to the location
of the road within the States; but that consent
having been obtained—and the contract cannot be
made wifhout it—the contractors ar-e made a body
politic and corporate, a great corporation, extend-
ing throughout the whole line of the road, and
created for the express purpose of constructing the
road. Then the ninth section refers to the terms
of the contract, and we must construe the whole
bill together. It refers in terms to the existence
of a company for the purpose of working this
road. It secures the rights of that company, but
provides that at the lapse of thirty years, the
Government may purchase the road from thetir,
paying them their capital, with ten per cent, in-
terest.
Now, if, after looking at all these sections, any
one can say that this bill does not create a corpo-
ration, that it does not contemplate the construc-
tion of this road by means of a great corporation,
which is only to a very limited extent to be within
the control of the Congress of the United States,
I confess that 1 cannot understand the meaning of
lansuage and the objects of the bill.
Mr. COOPER. As I have made up my mind
to vote against this measure, I feel called upon to
sloie the r«t?pna upon which my determination 14 |j
based. I am not opposed to the construction of
a road to unite the two great oceans; on the con-
trary, I am in favor of some great thoroughfare of
the kind, to be constructed at some proper points,
between the East and the West. I believe that the
construction of such a road is necessary in order
to realize the full benefit of our possessions on the
Pacific, and to secure the trade of the eastern
world. In the great race which the commercial
nations of the earth are running with each other
for its trade, and for mercantile and maritime as-
cendency, I look upon the construction of such a
road as necessary to the maintenance of the wealth,
power, and increasing greatness of the United
States. Without it the relative progress of the
country in its march to the fulfillment of ita future
destiny, as indicated by its past history, would be
checked.
I am not opposed, either, to the route that I pre-
sume would be taken under the bill. I have no
preference except that such a route may be selected
as will be the most practicable and best subserve
the great purposes which we have in new; and I
think,, from what I have learned upon the subject,
that the route, whenever it shall have been selected,
will be some route in platitude far south of this;
for it is perfectly apparent to every one who has
reflected upon the subject at all, that it would be
impracticable to make a road tp the Pacific by any
northern route. It is known to ua all that the t
passes in the Rocky Mountains, if they were
otherwise practicable, are blocked up for six, or
perhaps eight months in the year by. snow, some-
times from fifty to sixty feet ill depth. A route,
therefore, by which these obstacles would be
avoided will be necessary; and from,the informa-
tion which I possess. I presume thai. El Paso, or
the neighborhood of El Paso, will afford the most
practicable route. In that latitude no obstructions
from continuous chains of ipountaips would be
met. The character of the country there is pecu-
liar. It is of volcanic character. There are ele-
vations or hilla, but they not unbroken, con-
tinuous chains, but pyramidal in form, with val-
leys hetween them, through which a road might
pass without grades of an impracticable, or even
very difficult kind. I therefore look to a southern
route to be adopted whsre this road; ia to be con-
structed.
But, sir, although Iain in favor of a road.it
doe# seem to me that, in aa enterprise of such
magnitude as this, we shoqld. not embark in it
without having clearly ascertained that the object-
in contemplation is a practicable one. It is not
enough that scientific, skillful engineers have ex-
pressed a belief that a railroad is practicable from
the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. Before we
embark in such an enterprise., we ought to ascer-
tain beyond a doubt, by practical observations, and
reconnoissances, that the route is practicable.
Why,sir, when youembark in an enterprise of this
kind, the amount of the cost, of which would b$
but some few hundred thousand dollars, wisdom
always diotates that a thorough reconnoissance
should be made. That, sir, is done even in a
country where every step of it has been explored,
and ia known to everybody; much more, then, is
it necessary in a country which has rarely been
passed oyer until lately. The work which this
bill contemplates, is the greatest probably ever set
on foot by huipan enterprise. The grandest and
most surprising of the worka of antiquity are no
inorein comparison than the Indian's path to the
thoroughfares which science has constructed to
meet the wants of modern commerce and civiliza-
tion. What comparison, Mr. President, would
the Appian and Flaminian ways, the pride and
boast of Roman grandeur and power, bear with
this vast enterprise? None. Less, at any rate,
than the mill-roads of our ancestors bear to the
great avenues of the present day constructed for
the purposes of commerce.
This, then, is one of the reasons, why I am op-
posed to it: that there has been no sufficient ex-
ploration made of the country; because we are not
gerfectly assured that a road is practicable at all.
ut, sir, even if we may suppose that it is practi-
cable, what idea have we of the cost ?
The honorable Senator from Texas told us yes-
terday, that the bill prescribed the cost, a fid that
the 420,000,000, for which bonds are to be issued,
and the expanse of keeping engineers upon the
road, to inform the President of its progress, was
all the cost the United States would be willed upqi}
to incur. Sir, I doubt it very much. If the route
should be found to be practicable by the company
undertaking its construction, we might probably
not be called upon for any further outlay; but
if it should be- found impracticable, when the
$20,000,000 have been expended by the Govern-
ment, and after $50,000,000 or $100,000,000 have
perhaps been expended by private individuals,
would not the Governmen tbe besought by this huge
corporation—for a corporation it is to ail intents
and purposes ? and do you believe that Congress
would resist an application backed by the influ-
ence of such a company, with such interests at
stake? You, sir, have seen enough—I, sir, have
seen enough in the short period I have been here
—to know that any great, influential corporation
or company cap bring means to operate upon Con-
gress to induce it to overstep the boundaries of
prudence in making appropriations; and such
would be the case here. But suppose they should
go on, and complete it by the aid that the Govern-
ment is to lend in money or lands, and it should
be found out afterwards, to be unprofitable. Gen-
tlemen may say there is no danger of that; but^I
am not at all sure that there is no danger of that
kind.
How ane you to traverse wastes of almost a
thousand miles, where there is no fuel and no
means for, the generation of motive power ? Are
you sure that this great thoroughfare when com-
pleted will be practicable for the purposes of com-,
merce ? It is enough for me that it is possible that
it will not be so. Suppose it should be found out
not to be so after the road shall have been com-
pleted; why, sir, hundreds of millions would be
expended,, and hundreds of thousands of individ-
uals would be interested directly and indirectly in
it; and dp you suppose if they were to come here
and aak, the Government to take it off the hands
of the company, on. the terms proposed kin the
eighth section of thi$ bill, we should not be in-
duced at length to do it ?
Whp that ha? seen the operation of such influ-
; arices.her^, a^those to which I have referrred, can,
| doubt it ? We know that some seventy-five jjeara
I ago, one. of England'sgreatest statesmen projected
I a, scheme by which it was designed to control tha
British empire. I, refer to Fox's celebrated East
India scheme. But that scheme was nothing in
coqipariaon with this—absolutely nothing; and
yet through its instrumentality ne aimed at the
Government of England; and if he had succeeded,
he would have placed in his own hands, and those
of his party, the Government of the country, and
would have maintained it as long as they con-
ducted it with prudence. Such, sir, may be the
oqse here,because this.is a.corporation. I do not
care how many individuals may be employed in
tha construction of this road—how many compa-
nies may be engaged in it—their interests will be
similar; they will have the same object in view;
thgre will be a combination from one end of it to
the oth^r; all the interests embarked in it will be
combined; and when combined, do you suppose,
that Congress could resist the influence which
would be brought to bear ?
A money influence of hundreds of millions, would
be vested in such a company, and who cap sup-
pose that Congress would be able to resist an ap-
plication that it should take such a work out of
! their hands, if it should be found unprofitable?
I That would undoubtedly take place, if asked.
This is another reason, and perhaps it is the main
one, why I am opposed to this measure.
I think there are two things which should be
, ascertained before we embark in an enterprise of
this magnitude. The first should be to ascertain,
1 by practical observations and reconnoissances, that
such a railroad is practicable; and, in the second
place, we should know something like what it is
to cost when completed. We are not sure that,
when this road has been once commenced, twenty
millions may not be expended by theGovernment,,
and perhaps two or three times as much as that
by individuals; and that the balance necessary for
its completion may not be shouldered upon the
1 Government. The amount expended will be an
j! argument for further aid on the part of the Gov-
i ernment; and this corporation calling to its aid the
i influences which it will possess, as I have stated
already, will no doubt succeed in either saddling
the whole of the expense necessary for the cora-
,, pletion of the road upon the Government, or at
least inducing it to appropriate liberally and lafgely.
