490
THE CONGRESSIONAL liLOBE.
Feb 3,
This view is important, therefore, notwithstnnd- i!
in^ the fact that mv honorable friend from Texas
believes that the bill before us already discloses
all that the Government will be called upon to do
in the construction of this road. Sir, 1 am afraid
of it. I want to know before we begin how much
the whole of it will cost, in order that if the whole
burden is to be cast upon the shoulders of the
Government, I may be sure that they are strong
enough to bear it.
These are two reasons why I oppose this bill;
but the most powerful one of all, in my judgment,
is that to which I referred a moment ago—the ex-
tent of this corporation, and the power which it
will possess to control the Government. Who
ever before heard of such an enterprise—spanning
a continent of three thousand miles in width, over
territory larger than the whole territory of Great
Britain and Ireland—larger than the whole terri-
tory of the Austrian empire west of the Alps?
Who can foretell—who can judge, with any de-
gree of accuracy, the amount of power which
such a corporation as this would possess? The
honorable Senator from California has said that
this bill, as it now stands, created no corporation.
If it does not do that, what does it?
Mr. WELLER. There were several Senators
who opposed the bill originally introduced by my
colleague, [Mr. Gwiv,] because they believed it
created a corporation; and I understood that the
Select Committee, in order to obviate that diffi-
culty, had reported a bill presenting different feat-
ures. I confess that when I made the remarks
which I did make this morning, I was not aware
of the last section contained in that bill; but after
having heard it read by the Senator from Dela-
ware, I do regard it as an act of incorporation,
and that, under the power which is thus conferred
upon the company, they can, if they choose, ex-
ercise almost unlimited control. Unless there be
some modification made, so as to obviate the dif-
ficulties which are presented to my mind, I shall
hesitate long before I vote for the bill with that
section in the shape in which it is now presented; ;
not that I believe it violates the Constitution, be- !
cause there is a proviso requiring the assent of the
States; and I have never doubted the constitutional
power of Congress to incorporate a company to
construct roads, &c., in the Terriiories of the
United States. My opposition would be to the
creation of a corporation.with almost unlimited
power; for if there be not a bank contained in that i
section or net of incorporation, I am not able to j
understand the English language. I know that
there are many banks under acts of incorporation
for manufacturing companies, &c., where no dis- ,
tinct power was given to issue paper money, and j
yet the judiciary have decided that these compa-
nies have power to issue it. There is in the last
section of the bill of the Senator from Texas a
general power given to do and perform all acts
which may be necessary to carry out the object of
the incorporation. If, in the judgment of the com-
pany, an issue of a hundred millions of paper
money should be necessary for the construction of
the road, they have, in my opinion, power to issue
it. This I regard as a dangerous power, which
ought not to be conferred even by implication.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania to yield to me for a moment. I would be
very glad if honorable Senators, in pointing out
the dangerous power contained in my bill, which
is to result in reading me out of the Democratic
party, would take up the bill and read the sections :
wherein that power is concealed. The honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania finds in it something
similar to Fox's East India scheme.
Mr. COOPER. Not at all. I did not say any i
such thing.
Mr. RUSK. I heard something about Pox's
East India scheme, and about controlling the j
Government of England, and that being insignifi- :
cant compared to this. ;
Mr. COOPER. Yes, sir; I said that. M
Mr. RUSK. I have nothing to say as to that
point. But I wish to read the thirteenth section
to gentlemen: (
" And be it farther enacted, That 99 ' j;
For banks? No, sir; but,
il For the purposes of this act, the contractors, their asso- S
ciat<*«, and s-uccessorg, are hereby crented«and constituted j
a bodv politic and corporate, by the name of ' The Pacific I
Railroad and Telegraphic Company,' bv which name they |
may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, and have
and enjoy all proper remedies at law and in equity, may I
organize and elect such officers as thev may deem neces*
say, and have and use a common seal; and they may also
open bookf and isMie certificates of ftock, and perforin all
othei acts necessary to carry into effect "
What5
" The provisions herein contained ; "
. And them alone.
" Provided, hon-rrer, That tlie provisions of this act shall
have no force or effect whatever within the limits of any
State without the consent of the Legislature of that Stale
previously had and obtained."
Thus it will be seen, as I stated yesterday, that
my bill raises the single question of the power of
Congress to create a" corporation within the Ter-
ritories of the United States for the purposes con-
tained in the bill. We intend it to do that, and to
do nothing more. We may have misunderstood
the English language. We may have said more
than that, but I think not. We have drawn up
this bill for the purpose of restricting this company
to the strict performance of the contract for the
construction of the road. If gentlemen are not
satisfied with this language, let them draw up the
most restrictive clause possible, and I will agree
to it, because it has been the object of the Select
Committee to endeavor to control these men, and
to keep them under the supervision of Congress.
1 shall not trespass further on the time of the
Senate now. All I have to ask is, that if this be
the only objection gentlemen have, they will offer
their restrictive amendments. They cannot go so
far in the way of restriction as to defeat the object
the commi'tee had in view. The committee wished
to confine the contractors to the mere construction
of the road. That is all we ask or desire. I hope,
therefore, that if gentlemen are opposed to the bill,
they will take a general view of the subject and
oppose the bill, and not raise objections on inci-
dental matters of this sort.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, T am very happy
to find that the Senator from California views this
measure, in some respects, in the same light that
F do. I will, however, say to the Senator from
Texas that I do not believe—and I owe it to can-
dor so to say—that under the section to which
reference has been made, banking powers would
be conferred upon the corporation. I do not think
they would. But my objection is none the less
strong. It is because of the extent of the power,
and the influence and means which would be in
the hands of such a company that I object to it.
Even if it were not proposed toconstitute it abody
corporate and politic, it would not have been free
from the objections which I have stated. The
parties, even if the road were constructed by a
dozen or fifty independent companies, could unite
and coalesce, because their interests would be the
same; they would all act in concert when it was
necessary to influence Congress to adopt their
views. These are the reasons which will lead me
to onpose the bill.
What I said pf Fox's bill, for the government
of India, was not that it resembled this in any of
its features, but what I meant to say, and what I
did say, was, that this would put into the posses-
sion of the corporators or individuals clothed with
these powers, and with such immense interests, an
authority larger than that which the East India
Company would have exercised under the bill
prepared by Pox, and submitted by him to the
British Parliament.
I will say another thing in which I agree with
the Senator from Texas. I see nothing unconsti-
tutional in the provisions of the hill. I believe
it is constitutional. The only difficulty that there
was on that scorc.e, if difficulty it be, has been
obviated bv reiuiring the consent of the States to
be obtained to the construction of the road through
their boders. My objections were the three that
I have stated, and I will not detain the Senate by
a repetition of them.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will on another
day—1 think it is too late to do it to-day—make
some reply to some of these arguments. I there-
fore move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 3, 1853. .
The House met, at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer j
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The SPEAKER, having counted the number
of members in attendance, announced that there j
was no quorum present. I
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, moved that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and 146 mem-
bers answered to their names.
A quorum being now present,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that motion will not
be successful. We have to go through this cere-
mony every morning, and I hope the call will be
proceeded with.
The question was then taken on Mr. Davis's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the proceedings
in the call were accordingly suspended.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. HALL, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Public Lands, introduced a bill of
the following title, viz: " An act granting bounty
land to certain volunteers of the Territory of Ore-
gon;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
COINAGE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of a bill of the Senate
(No. 271) " amendatory of existing laws relative
to the half dollar, the quarter dollar, the dime, and
the half dime," and that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Johnson] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. When the morning hour ex-
pired yesterday, I was proceeding to discuss the
bill now under consideration, which provides for
the issuance of a new description of coin, differ,
i ing from any that we have had heretofore.
Thegentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Skelton]
assumed that our present currency was defective,
and that as I was opposed to the proposition now
before us, I was bound to furnish another remedy.
Now, sir, I do not admit that proposition at all. If
there is a defect in the currency, and if something
is necessary to be done, that does not prove that
the remedy proposed is the right one; and if it
is not the right one, why, we might just as well
let the currency remain as it is as to adopt some-
thing which seems to be a remedy, but which
really will only increase the disease. The gentle-
man seems to think that I am bound to offer a
remedy. Well, that is only another evidence of
the quackery of the times. If a person goes into
a room where there is a sick man, he may feel
his pulse, may look at his tongue, and examine all
the symptoms, and yet not understand the nature
or character of the disease. But is he bound to
. administer a remedy without understanding the
case, because the man is diseased? I hope, at all
events, 'that I may be kept out of the hands of
such doctors as that. It seems to me that in such
a case, the proper course would be for the physi-
cian to retire, and say, " I do not understand the
case," and leave the patient just as he found him.
Well, in this case, as I have got no remedy, I pre-
fer to act the part of a prudent physician and to
retire; as I do not understand the case, 1 will not
! attempt to administer to the disease.
But the gentleman says there is a disease, and
; that it results from the great increase in the com-
j modity of gold. In that I think he is mistaken.
! I humbly conceive that the gentleman does not
' understand the proposition as it is. I assume here,
j and I defy successful refutation of it, that the
i quantity of gold may be increased upon that of
silver without changing the relative commercial
value of the metals. We in the United States have
aljout one hundred and seventy-five millions of
, paper in circulation. Now, if Congress or the
States had the power to drive that one hundred
and seventy-five millions of paper from circulation
| and introduce one hundred and seventy-five mil-
lions of gold to fill the vacuum created by the
withdrawal of the paper circulating medium, I say
that, though you would increase the quantity of
gold, the relative commercial value of gold and
silver would be the same. Notwithstanding the
relative quantities would be changed, the relative
1 commercial value would stand as it did before. 1
: defy contradiction of that proposition. The gen-
| tleman from New Jersey has imagined a disease
i when none exists. He is doctoring and giving his
