THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
medicines to a man who is well. Now, if the
m.ui is well, 1 think il is best to let him remain so,
ami not m commence administering to Ins case
when he does rot netd medicine.
So far as com is con-erned, the changing of our
•tanJ.tid of gold or silver lias no more effect upon
the gold and silver coinage of the United States,
than a change tn the standard of weights and
mtMsures w ould have upon the price of our cotton
or wheat. Let us take the case of wheat, as an
illusu ation. A standard bushel of wheat now
contains two thousand one hundred and fifty cubic
inches. We usually consider wheat good that
weighs sixty-five pounds to the bushel. But not-
withstanding t hat tlmt is our standard bushel, when
you take wheat to Great Britain what do they do?
Are they regulated by the measure here? No,
sir; they give you so much for your wheat per
Quarter, requiring eight bushels to the quarter, and
tnat it sluili neigh seventy pounds a bushel. Not-
withstanding that you have established a standard
of measure here, you are regulated by the market
where you propose to send the article.' Just so
with your gold and silver. You may put four
hundred and twelve grains in a silver dollar, and
two hundred and fifty-eight grains in a gold five-
dollar piece, or change it in any way you think
proper, but you will still be regulated by the stand-
ard where you undertake to sell the article or to
circulate it.
But, sir, the great error into which the intro-
ducers and advocates of this bill have fallen, is
this: They say that there is a demand for specie
abroad; thai a premium is paid for it for the pur-
pose of exportation, and that we must do some-
thing to keep specie in the country; and in attempt-
ing to imitate what Great Britain has done, so
far as her silver currency is concerned, they have
adopted precisely the opposite means. How does
the matter stand in Great Britain, and why does
this difference exist between an ounce of silver
and an ounce of gold in Great Britain? It will be
remembered that silver is not a currency there in
the payment of debts over ten dollars, or forty
shillings. Great Britain says that silver shall be
a legal tender in the payment of debts under ten
dollars, both to the Government and to individuals,
and the Government is bound to redeem it in gold,
which always keepssilver at par and in circulation.
But what is the proposition here? Are gentlemen
following the example of Great Britain? No, they
have taken the converse of the proposition, and
undertake to do what Great Britain has done, by
precisely opposite means. What do they propose
to do ? They propose, first, to change the stand-
ard of metal, to change the intrinsic value of the
dollar, to change the dollar in quantity. And then
what next does the bill propose? It proposes that
silver shall be received in the payment of dues to
the Government, but not in the payment of debts
between individual-:. How does that operate?
"Why, do you not see that you thereby make one
portion of your specie a mere commercial article,
while another portion of the specie in the commu-
nity is a legal tender'
The legal tender now between individuals con-
tains more silver than that which you propose to
make a lawful tender for the dues of the Govern-
ment. Now, you propose to depreciate this sil-
ver, and make a currency of it for the Government,
but not a tender in payment of debts. Does
not every one see that if you depreciate this silver,
nobody is bound to receive it, except the Govern-
ment, in payment of its dues? And that if the
Government collects its dues in this coin, the cred-
itors of the Government will not be obliged to re-
ceive it as lawful tender? Do not gentlemen see
that in this manner the Government, by collecting
its dues in the new currency and paying its debts
in the old, will be shaved to the amount of seven
per cent. ? That will be the practical opeiation of
this bill.
Mr. Lawrence, in his letter to Mr. Webster, of
February 19'h, 1851, gives what he thinks is the
best plan for regulating our currency; and as an
expedient, I am inclined to the opinion that it is
the most feasible one that has been suggested. It
is his opinion that the Government will have to
adopt it. His suggestion is:
"If it should be thought wise to abolish ihe double stand
ard. (and up on this point I have little doubt,) I should su^
ge-t ihf coinage of silver tokens with ten or twejve per
cent, alloy, wh"*h shall be mode a lej/al tender for any unin
not exceeding five dollars, and which the Government shall
be always l/ound to redeem in gold on demand. The issue I
of «nch tokens would save the country from inconvenience
for iln* «ant of siliei change. Tliev would lurni-h a suffi-
cient cm ilhuion fortlienecessitiesoftlieemniiiuiilty—they
Would be prevt uted 11 oni depreciation at home bv hc-inf; iw
decnuhle in yold ; and they would not he shipped, hecuu?-e
their value in Europe would he less tlmn in our own coun-
try.'-
He recommends to Mr. Webster that we should
make silver a circulating medium, make it a lawful
tender, redeemable at the Treasury of the United
States in gold; in fact, that we should constitute
gold the bulk of the circulating medium of the
country. But here you propose to make your
small change out of silver, out to diminish the
quantity of silver contained in the half dollar, the
quarter dollar, &c. Now, if this alloyed coin be
thrown into the market, and it be not made a legal
tender for small amounts, whether it passes into
the hands of the Government or into the hands of
the small dealer, the effect will be to shave them
to the amount of seven per cent.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman in a point of fact. As the bill stands, it
provides that this coin shall be made a legal tender
for any amount less than five dollars. The com-
mittee, however, propose to amend it, and to make
it receivable only in payment of the public dues.
If the House leave it as it is in the Senate bill,
this coin will be made a legal tender for sums of less
than five dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, Mr. Speaker, it in-
volves this difficulty: It shows that those who
have taken this matter in hand do not understand
upon what they are acting; for they do not agree
among themselves. How does the matter stand?
Mr. Lawrence assumes to understand the subject
of the currency, and recommends one thing. Mr.
Corwinrecommends anotherplan,and heassumes
to understand the question of currency. The Sen-
ate recommend that this coin shall be made a legal
tender for any amount less than five dollars, and
pass a bill containing such a provision. That bdl
comes to the House, and the Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a fourth process. That
is the position in which the matter stands before i
the House and the country. The fact that those I
who assume to understand the defects in the cur-
rency of the country cannot agree upon the proper
plan to remedy them, is enough to convince those
who do not pretend to understand the subject that
this bill ought not to pass. In fact, the various
and conflicting remedies proposed by these doctors
of the currency remind me very much of the awk-
ward attitude of the young and unskillful winder
of the hank, who had put the ball under and over
until it resulted in a general derangement and con-
fusion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SKELTON next obtained the floor and
said: Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to occupy at !
any length the time of the House in the discus- i
sion of this bill. I am anxious that the bill should
pass, and therefore only propose to glance at the j
question in its true bearing. 1
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] has
remarked that we are in the position of a man
laboring under a disease; but if I did not misun-
derstand him, he pretends that we are really sick
abed with a pretended disease; that there is no real
disease at all, or if there is, we are in the position 1
of quacks, and have not the ability to propose the
proper remedy.
Now, I want this House to understand that
both these propositions brought forward by the
gentleman from Tennessee are untrue in fact.
Who will dispute that the country is in want of
silver for small change ? Is there a man upon this
floor who will dispute that fact? Why, sir, there
is not a man in the country who is engaged in any
business that does not feel the want of it. There ;
is not a man in this House, I presume, who will ;
take a gold dollar and go upon the Avenue, and buy j
three cents' worth of any commodity, and get the !
change back. Why is this? It is simply from jj
the fact that the silver dollar in commerce has be- ,
come more valuable comparatively than the gold
dollar. The whole difficulty arises from one fact,
and I should like my friend from Tennessee to '
be >r that fact in mind. He says we cannot change |
the laws of trade nor change the commercial value !
of gold or silver, or of any other commodity, and j
for this reason he brands those members of this I
House who propose this change in the currency ij
of the country with being quacks.
Now, I contend that the very fact which the ii
gentleman states demonstrates to the House the
necessity of a change of the value which is now
stamped upon our silver or gold coin, one or the
other. We have impressed the stamp of one dollar
upon a certain quantity of silver, and the same
stamp upon a certain quantity of gold. Cut the
relative commercial value of these iwo metals has
changed since that stamp has been impressed upon
them. The causes of this change it is now not
important to inquire into. The fact is before 'the
country that this change has taken place upon the
coins which have received the impress of the Uni-
ted States Mint. Now, sir, we do not propose to
change the commercial value of these metals. We
cannot change them, as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee has said; but the fact that we cannot change
that value, taken with the fact that that commer-
cial value has been changed, forms the very reason
why we should change the stamps we have placed
upon them, so as to accord with the changew Inch
has taken place in their commercial value. In other
words, all this bill proposes to do is to pro\ide for
stamping the true value upon the metals which
are to be used as the medium of commercial ex-
change.
But the gentleman from Tennessee says the
only remedy he proposes is to lessen the amount
of paper in circulation. Well, sir, this will not
change the relative values of gold and silver. I
concur perfectly in the opinion expressed by the
gentleman, that we have too much paper currency
in circulation; and I will go as far as any other
man upon this floor to relieve the country from
such circulation. But when you have done this,
the relative commercial value of gold and silver
will remoin the same; and hence the necessity of
the change in the value which is stamped upon
these coins by the Mint of the United States.
Now, the gentleman from Tennessee brands us as
quacks, and says we do not understand the disease
which everybody knows now exists in our cur-
rency, yet he himself proposes no re.riedy. Sir,
I tell the House that we do understand the disease,
and that we have a remedy; and if he does not
understand, and has no remedy, it does not become
him to place himself in the position of a quack,
and, because he has no remedy, deny that we have
any.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman, I desire to ask him a
question. -
Mr. SKELTON. As many as you please.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understand the gentleman
to assume that the friends of this bill do under-
stand this disease.
Mr. SKELTON. That is true.
Mr. JOHNSON. And understanding the dis-
ease, of course, know what remedy to apply ?
Mr. SKELTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. For instance, there is Dr.
Corwin called in. There is Dr. Lawrence called
in, and here is the Committee on Ways and
Means, with the chancellor of the exchequer at its
head—they are called in, and the House comes to
their relief. But every one of these doctors who
have been called in, prescribe a different remedy
for the disease. Now, I ask the gentleman whether
any one of all these remedies will cure the dis-
ease, or if not, which one heiwill adopt?
Mr. SKELTON. I will answer the gentleman.
In the first place, 1 have no knowledge of Dr.
Corwin or Dr. Lawrence or any other doctor out-
side this Capitol. I presume they are not, th e
constitutional doctors for this disease, and there-
fore 1 have nothing to do with their remedies. I
do not even know what they are. But in answer
to the gentleman's question, the disease under
which the currency of the country is now labor-
ing is the change which has taken place in the
commercial value of gold and silver; as I re-
marked, it is immaterial how this change has been
brought about; though I believe it has been brought
about by the increased amount of gold which has
been put in circulation. The reason of the dis-
ease is, that we have two metals which constitute
the currency of the country. If we had but one,
the disease would never arise, for there could then
be no relative change in its value; whether its val-
ue should rise or fall, it would still represent the
value of commodities in the commercial world,and
no difficulty could arise.
But inasmuch as we have here both gold and
silver as mediums of exchange, both representing
the value of commodities in the community, any
