492
TH£ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
change in their relative value produces a derange-
ment in the currency of the country, and one drives
the other out of circulation.
Now, sir, this disease is, that you have two dif-
ferent metals used as a circulating medium, upon
one or both of which is stamped a false impression
by order of the United States Government through
its miiital regulations. And how do we propose
to remedy this evil? Why, sir, many diseases will
admit of more than one lemedy. Some may be
cured by remedies of an opposite character; and I
tell the gentleman from Tennessee that there are
two remedies which may be applied to this very dis-
ease. You have either to change the stamp value
of your gold, and make that conform to its com-
mercial value, compared, with that of silver, or you
must change the stamp value of your silver to make
it conform to the commercial value of the gold.
Either one of these remedies would meet the wants
of the disease; either one would have the effect of
making the commercial values of the two metals
assimilate to the stamp value, as impressed by the
Mint of the United States upon the currency of
the country. Here, then, is $ disease for which
you have two remedies; and why do we choose
the remedy proposed by the Senate of the United
States? There are various reasons. One is., that
if you increase the weight of the gold currency of
the country, you compel a man who haa a quan-
tity of gold coin to receive less for a dollar for
that piece of money stamped with one dollar upon
its face. Hence you would take from the pockets
of the individual holding this gold^coin so much
money—three, four, or five per cent., whatever
the change may be. You will therefore see at
once that to attempt to assimilate the. stamp with
the commercial values,, by taking so large an
amount of money out of the pockets of this class
of people, would be an act of injustice. It is also
true, that with this remedy, the United States
would be compelled to receive at its Mint the light
gold coin at the value of the heavy, and thus, in
in order to accomplish the remedy, we should
have to pay out of the Treasury some ten, fifteen,
or twenty millions of dollars. That WQuld be the
result with that remedy.
Now let us try the other, which is by lightening
the silver coin of the country. By adopting this
plan, you take nothing from anybody's pocket,
but, on the contrary, it will increase its value to
the amount of the reduction you propose to make
in the weight, of the coin T say three, four-, or five
per cent., or whatever it may be, for. I am not !
well enough posted up in these matters to speak
with any precision as to the precise amount of the
reduction which it wi}l be necessary to make.
The silver coin which now bears the stamp of one
dollar is worth in the commercial market one hun-
dred and three cents, while the gold dqllfir is worth
but one hundred cents. Hence the individual
who has contracted debts by the purchase of mer-
chandise will not pay out silver, because he is
compelled tq pay out as one dollar a. piece of coin
which is commercially worth one dollar and three
cents.
But when you lighten the silver coin, and make
the silver dollar worth just one hundred cents in
the commercial market, it will then circulate with
the gold coin.
But I anticipate a difficulty here. As long as
we have two metals circulating as legal tender^
for debts, the relative value of the metals in the
commercial market is constantly liable to change,
and, no doubt, will change. But, in order to meet
thin difficulty, a committee of the United States
Senate have proposed a remedy, and that is, that
they will make the silver coin so light that it will
be of less value, commercially, than the gold coin;
and in order to prevent any injustice arising from
this, they say that the silver coin shall not be
made a legal tender for debts of over five dollars.
Now, it appears to me, that this meets the diffi-
culty in both cases. If the weight, as proposed,
in this bill, is such as? to meet the difficulty, and
reduces the,weight of the silver coin so that it
will be really below the gold coin of our coun-
try, then the gold and silver coin will both circu-
late in the community—the silver for smfill change
as a matter of convenience, apd gold for commer-
cial purposes; for it is well known that, for com-
mercial purposes, gold coin is the more conve-
nient.
£Jow, I believe I have succeeded in showing
what the nature of the disease is, and that we
have ascertained what, I contend, will be a rem-
edy to meet the difficulty. Now, if thegentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] has no remedy of
his own, which he acknowledges, it is no more
than right and generous, that, as we propose a
reasonable remedy', he should allow us to ap-
ply it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman assumes that
1 have no remedy.
Mr. SKELTON. I understood the gentleman
to say so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I made no such statement.
My remedy is, to let the patient alone. That is
a great deal bettei than the remedy proposed by
these doctors.
IVtr. SKELTON. That remedy is like the
Irishman's secret, which, when it came out, was
no secret at all. But there is a disease existing
here, and if the patient is let alone, he will be
every day growing worse instead of better, be-
cause you know that the amount of gold received
from tfie mines of California and Australia is rap-
idly changing the commercial values of the two
metals, as compared one with the other, and that
commercial ve^lue will continue to change, unless
we can get a larger amount of silver from the mines
of South America, Mexico, or somewhere else, or
Unless the amount of gold in the community shall
diminish. Now, thegentleman from Tennessee
will not dispute the fact thfit the value of all com-
modities depends, to a great extent, upon the
amount in the market. Even when the crop of
wheat, grain, or the products of industry of any
kind,is plentiful,and the marketbecomes supplied,
it sinks in price. As a matter of necessity it must
be.so. I agree with the gentleman from Tennes-
see in theory, that, we cannot change the laws
of trade. I say his theory is correct. He has
got a glimpse at a correct theory of the currency
of the country, but he neglects to look at the prac-
tical difficulties which exist, and which every
man, whether he says so or not, knows to be a
difficulty existing in the community. Some years
ago we had the same difficulty on the other side.
Then our gold coin, according to the impress of
the Mint of the United States was entirely too
heavy, and it would not circulate with the silver
coin. The remedy applied at that time, was to
lessen the weight of the gold coin, and the result
shows that the remedy met the disease, ejid the
gold coin immediately circulated with the silver,
throughout the country; and it has now become
almost the entire currency of the country, be-
cause it has less commercial value, according to
the impress of the United States Mint, than silver
has. Here we have an illustration of the remedy
applied, and of a remedy reaching the disease, and
of a cure accomplished.
Now, the difficulty haq changed to the other
side, by the laws of trade, and silver has become
to be the more valuable, commercially, according
to the impress of the United States Mint upon it,
and we propose to apply the same remedy to sil-
ver; and in order to prevent this constant tinker- i
ing with the currency, which my friend [Mr.
Johnson] deprecates, and which I deprecate—be-
cause we should not change the relative value of
the metals unjess there is an absolute necessity
for it—I say that in order to prevent 
Mr. JOHNSON, (interrupting.) 1 do not wish
to interrupt the gentleman or consume his time;
but by way of illustrating this description of doc-
trine, I wish to call his attention to some facts, i
We have regulated and fixed by law that a silver ]
dollar shall be equal to just one hundred cents, I
but still in commerce it is worth from one hun- j
dredand three to one hundred and five cents. In i
1834, we fixed by legislation the value of the half
eagle at five dollars. You may tpke one hun- J
dred dollars of these five-dollar pieces, and in com-
merce you must add nine dollars to them, because j
they are worth nine per cent, less than the value I
fixed for them by law. I merely give this as an !
evidence of the kind of legislation we have had |
heretofore, and the kind which is proposed now. I
Mr. SKELTON. I answer the gentleman by |
saying that we have impressed the silver dollar ;
with the value of one hundred cents, when, ac- ]
cording to his admission, it is worth in market j
from three to five per cent, premium. i
Now I say the United States Mint, by the au- J
thority of the Congress of the United States, has j
stamped a lie upon that piece of coin, and the j
geutlemap wants it to remain there, I say^when |
we find that we have told a false story to the
country, and that story is going out to all the
world, we are bound, as honest men, to come for-
ward, and strike that falsehood from the face of
I our coin.
| Mr. JONES', of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman one question. I am a member of the
committee which reported this bill, but did not
agree with them in recommending that it should
pass. I ask the gentleman what has caused the
difference in the relative value of the gold and sil-
ver in the country ? Is it not from the fact that the
gold has been increased in quantity until it has de-
preciated in value, as compared with silver ? As
the gentleman remarked a few moments ago, the
productions of the country depreciate in value as
they increase in quantity. Now, if the change in
this relative value of the two metals has been
caused by the largely-augmented quantity of gold
in the country, would not the correct remedy be
1 to increase the weight of the gold coin, and let the
silver remain as it is ?
i Some one says that would not keep the silver
here. He is mistaken. The silver will be kept
here, because it will take as much more of gold to
purchase a given quantity of silver, as it will now
take less of silver to get that quantity of gold.
[ I say, too, that remedy should be applied, for an-
other very good reason; that gold, being now one
of the great staple productions of this country, is
not as proper a medium of exchange and standard
of value as silver is. Why, sir, making gold the
standard now is something like making standards
of tobacco, rice, cotton, or any other of the staple
productions of the country.
Then, I think that if we want to correct this
evil, and apply the proper remedy, we should in-
crease the weight of the gold coin, and allow the
silver to remain as it is.
i Mr. SKELTON. In reply to my friend from
Tennessee, I remark that theoretically his proposi-
tion is a correct one. If hehgd listened to my re-
marks at the commencement, he would have no-
ticed that I touched upon that very subject. The
truth is, that the gold has becqme less valuable,
not the silver more valuable. His remedy would
cure the evil, I admit; but in.praptice we are met
with this difficulty: that if we attempt to increase
the weight of the gold currency of the country, we
depreciate as standard of value the light coins in
i circulation, and we take from the pockets of those
who are able to hold tfyis light currency an amount
equal to the depreciation. We should meet that
difficulty when we returned home to our constitu-
ents. They would say we have robbed them of
so much money; that we had declared that gold
coin of a certain weight should be a legal tender
in payment of debts, and that when they had re-
ceived it as payment, we turned round and said
that the coin is worth too much, and hereafter it
shall be worth ninety-five cents on the dollar in-
stead of one hundred. But if the gentleman's
remedy is to be applied, I have no objection to it,
if he will provide that we shall reimburse those
men their losses out of the Treasury of the United
States. If the gentleman's remedy is tobeapplied,
those light coin now circulating in the country
should be exchanged for heavier ones, according
to their real intrinsic commercial value. I would
ask the gentleman from Tennessee if he is pre-
pared to take that step now ? If he is prepared to
make a draft upon the United States Treasury to
the amount of fifteen or twenty millions of dol-
lars ?
Mr. JONES. I am not; nor do I believe justice
requires it. Gold has increased, and consequent-
ly it is not worth as much as it was before this
great influx of that metal into the United States.
In consequence of this increased quantity of gold,
the man who has debts owing to him, cannot get
any more gold in weight than when the debt was
created, and still he cannot purchase anything like
as much of anything he wants as he could before.
Mr. SKELTON. The gentleman's remarks
show the great importance of this subject; its ex-
treme delicacy as connected with the business trans-
actions of the country, and the caution with which
we should approach the currency of the country
at all times.
Now, sir, it is true that gold has fallen in value,
and it is equally true that certain individuals, by
authority of Congress, hold in their pockets a
quantity of gold of a certain specified value in the
payment of debts. It is squally true, on the other
