494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 3,
everyday practice of the House has been, how-
ever, to allow tlie two motions to be made by the
same gentleman; for during the pendency of a
motion to go to business upon the Speaker's table,
it is 111 order to move to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 submit to the Chair, the
bill referred to by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Mace,] being a privileged question, and
cal ed up by him, whether the motion to recon-
sider would not take precedence; and that unless
the House shall by vote pass from it, that it will
be the business first in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
a motion was made to reconsider the vote upon the
bill admitting railroad iron free of duty at the last
session, and a motion was made to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table. That circumstance
escaped the attention of the Chair altogether, and
the motion to lay upon the table has been neglected
from that day to tins. It is a motion first in or-
der, and will take precedence of all other motions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. While the Chair states that
the motion to lay on the table a motion to recon-
sider is a highly privileged motion, and would
override other motions before the body, yet, in
the opinion of the Chair, it cannot override the
motion made by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] that the rules be suspended, anil
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Upon that motion I de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker and
Hendricks were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 57, noes 78.
i\Ir. MILLSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANLY. What has become of the bill
under consideration yesterday?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. How did it get there?
The SPEAKER. By the force of the rules and
the practice of the House. ;
Mr. STANLY. I make a question of order
upon tint. j
The SPEAKER. A question of order has
been raised by the gentleman from North Caroli- j
na, [Mr. Stani-y,] the effect of which is that the '
motion made by the gentleman from Alabama i
[Mr. Houston] at this stage of proceedings is I
out of order.
Mr. STANLY. That the unfinished business
of yesterday—the railroad bill—has preference I
over every other.
Mr. OP>.R. Is there an appeal from the decision !
of the Chair? i
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the ;
gentleman from North Carolina to take an ap-
peal.
Mr. STANLY. I did take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. If there was any force, in
the opinion of the Chair, in the question of order i
proposed by the gentleman from North Carolina,
it could only occur when the House had deter-
mined to go to the business on the Speaker's
table; but not being engaged upon that business,
the Chair submits to gentlemen that this point of
order cannot now be made. i
Mr. STANLY. I want to get at the matter
fairly. Suppose the House refuse to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
will not this question then come up ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
matter when it comes up. The Chair has no
doubt, however, that the bill is upon the table.
Mr. STANLY. I take an appeal, so that the
House may give us a precedent which everybody
may understand hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina takes an appeal from the decision of the
Chair in^ this matter. Under the rules of the
House, it is in order at any time to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
That is the pending motion. Thegentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] insists that the mo-
tion is not now in order, arid that the House hffs
in fact proceeded to business upon the Speaker's
table, and is engaged in considering the unfinished
business of yesterday,
Mr. STANLY. I do not make any such point.
M The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman then
1 state his point of order?
Mr. STANLY. That the bill we had under
consideration yesterday is unfinished business,
and has preference to the orders of the day, and
all other matters.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit this ques-
tion to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly.] If the bill which the gentleman con-
, tends is in order was now under consideration,
and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] or the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] should obtain the floor, would it not be
competent for either of them to move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
Mr. STANLY. My friend always supposes
something that does not exist. We are not in
that condition in which he wants us to he. We
are speaking of business as it stands before the
House, and not as he wants it.
Mr. JONES. Suppose such a case, and the
motion would be in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order,
and that is, that the point which the gentleman
from North Carolina now makes is too late. The
House was divided before he raised the question
of order. The vote had been taken, and report
made by tellers.
The SPEAKER. There had been no decision
on the proposition, and the Chair thinks that the
gentleman had the right to take an appeal.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion made by the gentleman from Alabama to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, is in order. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] insists that it is not in or-
der, for the reason that there is unfinished business
of yesterday, which he says is in order.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the appeal upon the table, and there were—
ayes 100, noes not counted.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. MILLSON. If the House refuse to go
into theCommittee ofthe Whole on the stateof the
Union, what will he the next business in order?
The SPEAKER. There is a question pending
to go to the business upon the Speaker's table,
which would be first in order. If that be voted
down, the business of the morning would proceed,
j and the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Skel-
j ton] would be entitled to the floor,
i Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood the Chair to
1 decide that another question was in order—the
question of reconsideration.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide those
questions when they properly arise.
Mr. MILLSON. I insist upon my demand for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 79, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averett, Beale, Boeock, Brass, Albert
G. Brown, Busbv, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell,
Thompson Campbell, Caskie, I'lia^tain. I'[lurchwell, Clem-
en*, CuMom, Dawson, Dean, Dinunick, Dockery, Ficklin,
Floyd, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gorman, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Ishain G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Howard, Ingersoll,
Ive«, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Jolin Johnson,
George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Lock-
hart, Ma-on. Mct,anahan,MclVair, Meade, Million, More-
head, Mnrpliv, Murray, Outlaw. Andrew Parker, Peaslee,
Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Richardson, Robbms, Uobie,
Ross Russell, Savage, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Origen
S. Seymour, Skdton, Smart. Benjamin Stanton, Richard 1
11. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton,
Thurston, Watkms, Wildriek, and Woodward—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, William
Appleton, Babcock, David J. Bailey, Barrere, Bartlett,
Bell, Bennett, liibighaus, Bowie, Itowne, Brenton, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, K. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Cartter, j
Chandler-, Chapman, Clniginan, Cobb, Colcock, Conger, j
Curtis, Darhv, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Doty,
Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edserton, Evans, Ewing, Fay,
Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas j. D Fill
ler, Gilmore, Goodenow, Green, Grey, Harper, Il-mi,
John W. Hoive, Thomas M. Howe. George G. King, Lan ,
dry, Lmle, Mace, Martin, McDonald, McQueen, Miner, ,1
Henry 1) Moore, John Moore, Morrison, Nabers, Newton,
Samuel W. Parker, Penn. Porter, Powell, Preston, Price,
Reed, Riddle, Sackett, Schermerhom, David L. Seymour, j
Smith, Snow, Stanly, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander
H. Stephens, Stuart, Taylor, Tuck, Venable, Wallace,
Ward, Washburn, Welch, Wilcox, and Yates—89. i
Mr. STANLY.
qr4er?
What is the first business in
I The SPEAKER. Communications from the
Departments.
DUTY ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. MACE. I believe it is in order now to
take up and dispose of the bill to admit railroad
iron, duty free.
The SPEAKER. That bill, by a vote of the
House last session, was laid upon the table. A
motion was made to reconsider that vote; and then
a motion was made to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I desire to ask the Chais a
question in reference to the order of business. I
wish simply to call attention to the fact that the
House has just decided to go to business upon the
Speaker's table. It is not in order then to take up
this motion of reconsideration which prevents that
business from being taken up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that at
the point when any particular and distinct busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table shall be disposed of,
| that a privileged question of this kind may inter-
I vene between that and the taking up of bills, and
that going to the Speaker's table does not pre-
• elude it.
j Mr. STUART. But the Chair had announced
| a message from one of the Departments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had announced
it, it is true, but simultaneously with the an-
nouncement, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Mace] rose to a privileged question.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the Chair a ques-
tion, with a view of enabling me to vote correctly
upon that bill. If the vote is reconsidered again,
can I or any other member offer a substitute for
that bill to extend the time for paying the duties
upon railroad iron four years? 1 liolil such a bill
in my hands, which I intend to offer. That is
my object in voting for a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table is not debatable.
The following is the amendment which the
gentlemen from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] proposes to
offer:
Be it enacted, <S'c., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to extend the
time of payment of all duties, except only the amount due
in fees to custom-house officers, upon alfirori rails, spikes,
bolts, fastenings, and other iron necessary for and to be u-ed
in tile construction of railroads, now or hereafter to be im-
ported into any of the ports of the United States for the
term of four years: Provided, That before the delivery of
sueh iron rails, spikes, bolts, fastening", as above, the pay-
ment of the said duties so suspended by this act shall be
| secured by the bonds of such railroad companies, with
I good personal security, to be approved by the United States
| district judges: Provided further, That so soon as any por-
tion of such railroads shall be completed as will render it
[ expedient, in the judgment of the Postmaster General, to
! contract with such railroad companies for the transporta-
' tion ofthe mail upon such railroad*, that the Postmaster
General do make contracts with such railroad companies
to carry the mail as aforesaid, within such rates as are
charged by other railroad companies for like service, and
that all such sums a* may arise in favor of such railroad
companies for carrying the mail as aforesaid, within the
said term of four years, from and after the passage of this
act, shall be reserved by the Postmaster General for the
, benefit of the Treasury, and applied as they fall due towards
the payment and satisfaction of the bonds of said compa-
nies, to be executed by them for the payment of duties as
aforesaid.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That before such rail-
road companies shall be entitled to the benefit ot this act,
they shall enter into an agreement to transport the United
States mail upon the terms and conditions prescribed by
law, and the regulations of the Post Office Department,
made in pursuance thereof: Provided, That the bonds to
be executed to secure the payment of tile duties suspended
by this act, shall be so drawn as to secure the pa> ment of
interest on said duties at the rate of six per cent, per annum.
Mr. MACE. It is my intention to offer a sub-
stitute myself.
Mr. STANLY. I understood the Chair awhile
ago to say, that the first business in order were
Executive communications. I only want to know
how we get to this matter now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair states to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, that the bill now
under consideration, by a vote of the House, was
laid upon the table. A motion was made to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was laid upon
the table, and then a motion was made to lav the
motion to reconsider upon the table. The Chair
decides that the question of laying the motion to
reconsider upon the table is a highly privileged
question, and may properly be called up now.
Mr. STANLY. At any time?
The SPEAKER. There may be a state of the
case when it cannot.
Mr. STANLY. Under what rule ofthe House
