496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 3,
by calling the attention of the House to the role.
My point is, that under the third section of the j
27th rule, we have a right to order the bill to a
third reading, which has not yet been done. The ]
House adjourned at the very moment when we
had a right to order it to a third reading.
The SPEAKER. And in that case the rule
puts the bill upon the table.
Mr. FREEMAN. "Bills, and other matters
' before the House, and unfinished on the preceding
• day, whether taken up in turn, or on special order,
' are entitled to be resumed and passed on through
•their present stages." I read from Jefferson's
Manual.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is gowned by
the rules which this body hfts adopted, ts an
appeal taken?
Mr. DOTY. Yes, sir. I appeal from4he de-
cision «f the Chair.
Mr. LETCHEtW I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
Mr. DOTY. Upon that, I ask for the yera and
nays.
Thre yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Tennessee, and Chandler were appointed.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to inquire of the Chair,
if there was not an amendment pending to the bill,
on which a question of order had been ransed,
which had to be determined before we could reach
the point of the third reading? and if that does
not keep the bill before'the House?
The SPEAKER. All questions connected with
the bill go with it to the Speaker's table, in the
'fifth class of business.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's motion, and the tellers reported—ayes 78,
noes 57.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair stands^es the judgment of
the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
IVTr. DEAN. Is it in order for me to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state ]
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. DEAN. I make that motion.
The question was then taken,-and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 75, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itseff into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of House bill No.
336, making appropriations for the support of the
Army during the fiscal year ending 30th June, |
1854; the pending question being upon the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from ^idiana,
[Air. Gorman,] upon which the gentleman from \
Kentucky [Mr. Ewing] was entitled to the floor. ;
The following is the amendment proposed: j
<< Provided, That from and after the first day of July next, j
much of the act of Congress, approved Angust 3d, 1842, [
a« |rface« the "national armories under the superintendence I
of an officer of the Ordnance Corps, be, and the Rame is !
hereby repealed, and from that day, the said armories shall j
be under that system of superintendence which existed |
prior to the passage of the said act of Congress." j
Mr. Ewing at this moment being absent from 1
the Hall, the question was about to be put, when
Mr. GORMAN said: If this amendment is now
to be disposed of, I ask that it may again be read.
The amendment was again reported by the
Clerk.
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Chairman, this subject
comes upon me rather unexpectedly. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] comes [
from the district where this Springfield armory is
located, and, I understand, wishes to offer some
remarks, which I desire the House should bear.
I do not wish to have more time consumed than is
necessary, but ] hope the House will be put in
possession of the facts which the gentleman from
Massachusetts desires to present.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor.
Mr. EWING now entered the Hall and stud:
Mr. Chairman, I rise to a question of order. I
understand I am entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that the
f entfesMUi from K#ntu«ky was entitled totke floor,
but he did not claim it, and it was then awarded
to thegentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. STANLY. There is no difficulty about
this matter. The gentleman from Kentucky was
not present when the question was called, and I
dm sure the gentleman from Massachusetts will
; yield the floor to him.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
: • Mr. EWING. I do not intend to occupy the
floor to make a speech. I only wanted to assert
my right to it.
Mr. Chairman, it will be remembered that some
time ago I offered a resolution which was adopt-
ed by the House, instructing the Committee on
the Judiciary to inquire into the expediency of
choosing presidential electors, in such a manner
as to substitute the district systerti for the system
now in operation—by the vote of the States at
large. I had intended to occupy the floor upon
that question. However, being always disposed
to subserve the ends of patriotism, and finding the
committee now inclined to discuss legitimately the
"bill before them, I believe I will postpone my re-
marks—intended as reasons for offering that reso-
lution—perhaps till the next session, provided I
•should be here upon that occasion to make them.
, [Laughter.] As to that matter, however, although
j I have no doubt it is one of a good deal of interest
! both to the House and the country at large, I can-
not decide until I have consulted a large circle of
, friends at home, whom I foresee Will be very re-
luctant to part with me. [Laughter ] If they can
spare me, I shall be here the next session, and
shall prosecute this subject, I hope, to some pur-
pose;'at all events, With that view. For the pres-
ent, however, as my bosom is swelled with patri-
otic emotions, and as I see the House is disposed
to- transact some business in & practical form, and
as they desire to listen to -the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I will yield the honor of the floor
cheerfully.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I believe the question now pending before the
House is upon the amendment proposed by the
chairman of th-e Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. Gorman,] proposing to change the superin-
tendency of the various armories of the United
States, from military to civil control. I was not
present at the commencement of the debate upon
this subject, Inttfrom the examination I-have been
able to give it as published, k seemed to me that
the House should not act upon this amendment
without a more full knowledge of the subject to
which it relates.
I reside in the district where one of these arm-
ories is located, and I think I know something of
the character and custom of that armory, as well
as of the sentiment existing there in relation to it.
So far as the armory itself is concerned, the char-
acter of the arms manufactured there, the order in
which the buildings are kept, and the efficiency
with which the whole concern is managed, are, I
think, not a subject of j^erious division of opinion.
But it has been suggested by the Committee on
Military Affairs, in their report made at the last
session upon this subject, and it has been suggest-
ed upon this floor in debate, that the expense of
the management of the aTOnwyunderimlitary con-
trol, the cost of the mariufadtnre of the arms, &c.,
is greater now than it was under the civil superin-
tendence. Sir, I have not seen any authorized
facts or figures going to sustain that view of the
case.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have strong objections to any 1
change of the system of superintendence, until the i
House, ot the committee recommending the change |
to the House, shall have taken pains to satisfy
themselves, by a reference to the best sources of j
information, as to what are the facts of the case. |
Reference has been made here to a pamphlet upon :
this subject, which has been distributed among !
the members; but no pains have, to my knowl- I
edge, been taken to ascertain whether the facts (
set forth in that pamphlet are correct or not; and
therefore, I say we ought not to act in this matter
until we hh.ve verified the facts, and have thus se-
cured the means of correct judgment. The natural
course to be pursued, before making so important
a change as this, would be to call upon the De-
partment which has the means of furnishing in- ;
formation upon this subject, to furnish it to the :
House. If there are charges as to the mode in
which the superintendent of the Springfield arm- j
ocy taut conducted the affairs of that armory, I
there should be some opportunity afforded him to
come forward and meet them. This would be
fair, manly, and American.
But, sir, the larger part of these charges are not
new. This is a controversy of ten years' standing.
The superintendent of thatarmory has been called
upon to meet precisely the same charges, with few
exceptions, before. He haB been arraigned before
I a military court of inquiry, and before commis-
i sions- taken from the civil walks of life, and he
I has met all the charges successfully. I recognize
only a few items in the charges which have been
i made against him here, which have not lteen made
heretofore, and successfully refuted by him.
Now, sir, I do not mean to prejudge this case.
I occupy no partisan position in relation to it. I
desire that justice shall be done, and on manly,
above-boffrd inquiry. All I ask is, that there shall
be a full and impartial hearing, and if it appears
that any suggestions of waste, corruption, and
tyranny are established against this superrntend-
I ent, there will be good cause for his removal. And
' if these charges shall be found to attach necessa-
I rily to the system adopted for the control of
those establishments, that fact will furnish a good
reason for a change in the system. But it is unfair
to the man, and I do not think it is the proper
mode of transacting business, so far as the public
is concerned, to act in so important a matter as
this upon mere general statements, without taking
the pains to get precisely and definitely at the facts
in the case.
It has been stated here, that the expenses under
the civil were less than under the military super-
intendency. There have been chaTges of extrava-
gance. It has been said, I repeat, that the cost of
the manufacture of arms is greater under the pres-
ent arrangement than under the civil superintend-
ency. 1 understand the fact to be otherwise. It
is conceded by the advocates of a change, that the
cost of a musket under the old system was from
eleven to twelve dollars j(er musket. During the
last year, under the present system, it was be-
tween eight and nine dollars, as appears by the
report of the Colonel of Ordnance among the pa-
pers accompanying the President's message.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. I should like to know how
that fact was ascertained ?
Mr. DAVIS. I am very glad the gentleman
has 'asked that question, and I hope he will ask
more. I resorted to a source which, I am sure,
from the statements made by him yesterday, he
has not resorted to—to the public documents—to
the authorized statements of the Department. It
is upon such statements that I desire to predicate
my action, and when I find that the majority of
the M ilitary Committee recommending this change
have not thought fit to apply to any such source,
I think there is so much the more reason why the
House should pause before adopting their recom-
mendation.
Mr. INGERSOLiL. I find, Mr. Chairman,
some figures in relation to this matter, which I
presume the gentleman will not deny, hi the first
place, it is claimed that in 1851 the cost of a mus-
ket at the Springfield armory was (18 75. This, I
presume, has been ascertained by dividing the
amount so appropriated by the number of muskets
manufactured during the year. I presume this is
the fact, because by making the division., nearly
that result will be produced.
Mr. DAVIS. Do those figures come from an
official source?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They were furnished, I
believe, by the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] and I presume they will
not be disputed. But I proceed. If this be so, I
ask the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
if the number of workmen at the Springfield arm-
ory were not about the same in 1850? Was not the
machinery substantially the same? Were not the
hours of labor the same during these two years ?
I believe this was so. Well, sir, in the year 1850
the annual appropriation was the same for the
Springfield armory as in 1851; yet it is claimed
that twenty-three thousand muskets were manu-
factured in 1851, while there were but ten thousand
one hundred and fifty-five furnished in 1850. In
other words, there were less than half the number
of muskets manufactured in 1850 than were man-
ufactured in 1851.
Mr. DAVIS. I should have adverted to that
matter in any event. The gentleman read from a
small pamphlet. It was not an official document.
