498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
tarv to what there was under the civil superin-
tendency. I will not, however, anticipate the
gentlemen's argument. I only hope that they
wi!! to some extent be consistent with each other
in their arguments.
When tliis digression took place, T was com-
menting on the petition with seven or eight hun-
dred subsci ibers, citizens of Springfield and its
vicinity. When received, as I have stated, I
caused it to lie examined, and ascertained that in
fact, of the seven or eight hundred subscribers'
names, only one hundred and seventy-one were
found m the Springfield Directory. It might have
been that some of the names of the subscribers to
that petition, who were inhabitants of Springfield,
were left out of the Directory. I have strong reason
to believe that a large number of the names were
of pei sons slightly interested in the concerns of the
private manufacturers of arms, whom my friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Ivgcrsoli.] represents,
and whose disposition, of course, will be to have
establishments of this character broken up. An-
other petition, opposing any change, was sent here,
subscribed, I think, by some four or five hundred
people. 1 do not recollect precisely the number of
signatures, but I believe that they were, without
an exception, inhabitants of Springfield. 1 found,
on exannnins the list, a fair representation of men
of every class, sect, and political faith in the town
of Springfield. It was an opinion from a most
authoritative source in favor of sustaining the ex-
isting system.
That petition is more entitled to notice, because
it is the expression of a state of things succeeding
the most violent hostility, not only to the system,
but the superintendent himself. It is not conclu-
sive; and 1 do not pretend that it is conclusive. Va-
rious influences may have operated on these people
to sign the petition against change, as various in-
fluences may have operated for signatures to the
other petition. I do not pretend to say that it is
anything more than an indication of more or less
importance. I do assure the committee, however,
that I have faith in the inhabitants of Springfield.
I have faith in the human heart everywhere. 1
believe, if there was such oppression, cruelty, or
fraud carried on, as has beyi here suggested, a
voice would be heard from the place where they
occurred. The echoes are apparently louder here
than there. I look to the Whig and Democratic
press of that city, and I look in vain for indica-
tions of such hostility to this system and to the i
man, as I am sure would be called out by any
gross violations of honor or right on his part.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the gentleman's
permission, I move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman of the
committee (Mr. Brown, of Mississippi) reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly Housebill No.336,making appropriation
for the support of the Army, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. DOTY. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
■which the House refused to lay on the table the
bill of the Senate No. 131, granting the right of
way and a donation of the public land to the
State of Wisconsin, for the purpose of locating
and constructing certain railroads in that State, ,
and the amendments thereto.
[enrolled bills.
Mr. WILDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
the following bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the Speaker,
viz:
An act for the relief Maurice K. Simons;
An act for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Bennet Riley, and to enable him to settle his
accounts with the United States;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Jeremiah
Wingate;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Bernard Todd, deceased; and
A joint resolution granting the petition of Wil-
liam and Matthew Moss.] '
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do I
now adjourn. I
The motion was agreed to; and the House there-
upon adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, ami referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. MURRAY: The petition of S. VV. Mills and 38
other persons of Bloommgbiirg, New York, asking Con-
gress to adopt sueli measure? as will secure to American
citizens residing or trawling in foreign lauds ttie same en
joyment of the rights of conscience and public worship that
is granted to foreigners residing here.
By Mr. EVANS: The petitions of Joseph Mahan and
William S. Mahan, for compel wit Km for taking the census
of 1«0, in Cecil county, Maryland.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of mer-
chants of New Orleans, praying lor an extension of the
port of New Orleans.
By Mr. McDONALD : The petition of Benjamin Eowe,
for a periston.
lly Mr. BL'RROWS: The memorial of citizens of Ni-
agara county, New York, praving Congress for an appro-
pualion of a portion of the public lands to aid m the con-
struction of a channel suitable to ship navigation, between
the Lakes Erie and Ontario, in conformity with the Gov-
ernment survey made in 1K35 by Captain William G. Wil-
liams, of the Toposiaplucal Engineers, and reported to
Congress in April, 11^36.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The memorial of Esther Van-
ernburgh, on the subject of lost papers on llie subject of a
pension for the services of Joseph Lull, in the revolution-
ary war.
IN SENATE. J
Friday, Ftbruary 4, 1853. I
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaiier.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate asking for information with
regard to the execution of the postal convention
between the United States and Great Britian, a
report from the Secretary of State, and the docu-
ments which accompanied it.
The message was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
petitions, etc.
Mr. SEWARD presented three memorials of
citizens of Lewiaton, Buffalo, and New York
city, New York, engaged in carrying passengers
and freight by steamboats, praying the repeal or
modification of the late act of Congress to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers
on board of vessels propelled, in whole or in part,
by steam; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of citizens
of Cleveland, Ohio, praying an appropriation of
land for the construction of a ship-canal around
the Falls of Niagara; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of John
Shaw and others, praying a modification of the
bounty land law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of masters
and pilots of steamboats, and other vessels, navi-
gating the Connecticut river, praying an appro-
priation for placing lights, spindles, and buoys in
that river; which was referred to-the Committee
i on Commerce.
| Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of
citizens of Philadelphia, praying a modification of
| the bounty land law; which was referred to the
. Committee on Public Lands. He called attention
] to the fact that he had introduced a bill upon the
| subject, which was before the Committee on Pub-
: lie Lands, which committee he hoped would re-
port it at an early day.
j Mr. BRODHEAD also presented a petition of
' the engravers employed in the office of the United
States Coast Survey, praying to be allowed to
participate in the benefits of the law of the last
session of Congress, granting a percentage on the
salaries of clerks and others; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the petition of P. A. Browne and others,
praying an alteration in the organization of the
Military Academy at West Point; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Francis
W. Rice, late United States Consul at Acapulco,
in Mexico, relative to the outrages committej
upon him and other American citizens by the
Mexican authorities; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
A motion by Mr. GWIN to print the above
T ~ 
! memorial, as an appendix to Executive Document
| No. 17, of this session, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. F1SK presented a petition signed by all the
' members of the Senate of New York, praying
that measures may be takerf to secure to Ameri-
can citizens abroad the rights of conscience and of
public worship; which waa referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreisn Relations.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a memorial of the
Directors of the Washington Infirmary, praying
an.appropriation for enlarging and furnishing the
building, and an increase of the annual appropri-
ation for the support of the institution; which waa
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying that the homestead bill may
become a law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Jasper
| A. Maltby, asked to be discharged from the fur-
1 ther consideration thereof, and that it be referred
' to the Committee on Public Lands; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Pen-
< sions,to which was referred the petition of Betsey
Norton, widow of Freeman Norton, a seaman in
the naval service of the United States during the
war of the Revolution, reported a bill for her
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. FELCH,from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred a bill to extend pre-
emption rights to unsurveyed lands, and for other
purposes, reported it back, with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of theNiagara Falls and Lake
Ontario Railroad Company, reported a bill grant-
ing to the Niagara Falls and Lake Ontario Railroad
Company, the right of way through or along the
river side of the military reservation at Fort Ni-
agara, in the State of New York; which was read
a first and second time by its title.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the last-named bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Noamendmentbeingmade,
I it was reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, read a third time, and passed,
j Mr. FELCH,from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying that the right of preemp-
tion to settlers on the public lands may be ex-
tended to the period of five years, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of John Thome, praying
a donation of land, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives for the relief of C.
L. Swayze, in relation to the location of certain
Choctaw scrip, reported it without amendment;
[ and on his motion the Senate proceeded to con-
| sider it as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
Eoses to direct the Commissioner of the General
.and Office to approve the location of certain
' Choctaw land scrip entered by Swayze in Louisi-
ana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of David
: Myerle, reported it without amendment.
1 marine corps.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
| Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the mode in which the Marino
Corps, attached to the Navy, is supplied with clothing, arm9,
subsistence, &e., and whether or not the same is done by
public notice and contract, or by pnvate agreement, and
how much, if at all, the same exceeds the cost of similar
, articles furnished for the Army and Navy respectively, of a
lika description; and that lor this purpose the said commit-
