600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4,
the goods; or 7th. The commissions when sold and te-
slupped on foreign account. 8th. The wages and compen-
sation paid to the clerks, storekeepers, &c. 9lh. The
yearly appreciation of property arising from the extension of
business, and the erection of docks and warehouses. 10th.
The augmented market for domestic products and manu-
factures, purchased to complete assortments, aud freighted
abroad at cheaper rales, thus augmenting domestic ex- [
ports, it- well a* the profits upon them. 11th. The use of
the capital, credit, and specie, and the command of the ex-
changes of the world 12th. The augmented home market
for domestic products and fabrics, arising from the increase
of capital, business, and population, growing out of the
warehousing system. There are some of these items
known to be great, not-susceptible of any accurate approxi-
mate estimate ; taking, however, tlufee only where the data
are established, it may be safely assumed that the gross in-
come yielded on such items to the country, from ware-
housed goods, is not less than twenty percent, on the value
of such goods stored for sale and distribution."
This is the profit which Great Britain has de-
rived from three hundred and eighty-seven mil-
lion two hundred thousand dollars' worth of
goods that are annually stored in her warehouses.
As I said before, I know that the consumption
of time will kill this bill; and if those who are op-
posed to it are determined not to give it their sup-
port, or to speak against it in the event that we
retain the provision for extending the time for
warehousing goods intended for domestic con-
sumption, I am prepared to give up that provision,
if I can thereby succeed in getting passed the
other portions of the bill, reserving, however, to
myself the chance at the next session, if I should
be living and here, to renew the question then
upon that single and isolated point. I may be
permitted to add, however, that I shall do so with
extreme regret, for I believe that at this time,
when we are engaged in a competition with Great
Britain for the commerce of the world, nothing
could be more important to us than to provide
these means and facilities for the purpose of car-
rying on that commerce. Nothing could be more
important to the cities of New York and San
Francisco, which are destined to bethegreatcom-
mercial depots of this country on the Atlantic and
Pacific sides. But as I know that any extension
of debate beyond to-day may be fatal to the whole
bill, if I can get the residue of the bill passed, I
shall be willing to submit to the modification of
the feature which is so objectionable to the Sen-
ator from New Jersey.
Mr. GWIN. If I understand the Senator, he
says he is willing to submit to a modification of
the provision allowing goods to remain in ware- i
house for three years. I
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to do so rather
than lose the other features of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will adhere
to the bill as it is upon that subject. That is the
freatest point in it, and one of the greatest possi-
le importance; and I am sure we can carry it if
we adhere to it.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, if you do not take up
your railroad bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall adhere to this
provision. Let us have the vote.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not very well under-
stand the machinery of this warehousing system;
but it seems to me this is a dangerous extension
of it. You are about to make public warehouses
out of every man 'a private storehouse. I am not
prepared to say that a bill of this sort ought not
to be passed, but I confess I do feel it to be my
duty to look into this subject, and to examine its
features. My friend from Virginia says that New
York and San Francisco are destined to become
the great commercial depots of this country. From
that opinion I beg to dissent. I believe that Phil-
adelphia will be one of the great commercial depdts
of this country, and as great a one as can be found.
Besides, Mr. President, this is a bill for the ben-
efit of those who are engaged in the importation
of goods, and they are generally foreigners. I do
not object to foreigners being engaged in business
in this country; but, sir, when the capitalists of
foreign countries send their agents here to carry
on their business, I do not think we should be so
very desirous to extend the warehousing system
for their particular benefit.
1 do not believe that this bill will become a law
during this session, for I doubt very much if it
will pass the House of Representatives, at this late
period of the session, with such other pressing
business as is now before that body. I do not
intend to offer a factious opposition to this bill, or
to speak for the mere purpose of delaying it. I
distrust my own judgment when I find myself dif-
fering from my friend from Virginia; but if he will
consent to strike out the section referred to by the
Senator from New Jersey, I do not suppose I
should object to the bill further.
Mr. SEiVVAltD. Mr. President, I hope the
honorable Senator from Virginia, who has the bill
in charge, will not hastily yield the point which
he has proposed to yield. It is not my purpose
to debate the hill at any length, but simply to de-
clare, as I feel bound to do, my conviction that it
is not only right in itself, but that the provision
objected to is very essential, and without it the
bill will be shorn of one of its most valuable feat-
ures. Still I agree with him that it would be better
to yield it, if the bill cannot be carried without
doing so.
The first objection taken to the bill is, that it
extends the warehouse system to the adoption of
private warehouses. I think, sir, that is one of
the most important features of the bill. 1 believe
we would have been better off if we had never had
a public warehouse at all. Where public ware-
houses have been built, it has been at a vast ex-
pense, and I think other warehouses furnished by
private capital, and guarantied to the public by
private individuals at the risk of their own profit,
would be a much more economical system; and
when the warehouse system was first adopted, the
chief objection to it was the vast extent of expend-
iture to be incurred in the erection of public ware-
houses.
The next objection is to that provision allowing
the storing of goods in warehouses for three years.
If the system be right at all, it is important that
the storage should be allowed for a period so long
as to prevent the necessity of spasmodic importa-
tions in consequence of violent and sudden changes
of the market.
I shall not dispute with the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania at this day, whether Philadel-
phia and San Prancisco, or New York and San
Francisco, are to be the great marts for the com-
merce of the world. For all our purposes, Phila-
delphia and New York will ultimately be found to
be one, having one interest, and a common feeling.
But 1 would say to that honorable Senator, that
neither Philadelphia nor New York will ever be
able to become great commercial marts of the
world, or even of this continent, if they adopt a
policy which discourages foreigners from carrying
on the operations of commerce in those cities.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope that the Senator from
Virginia will not consent to the modification which
has been suggested, and I hope that the Senate
, will not debate this bill so as to defeat its passage
at this time. The subject has been very fully and
very long under consideration in the country.
This is a measure of very great public import-
ance. It is not limited to any ®ne city upon the
Atlantic, or any one upon the Pacific coast, but it
is one of great public importance, applicable to
all. If there be any objection on the part of the
honorable Senators from Pennsylvania and New
Jersey to the particular provision of the bill
which has been referred to, I hope they will feel
it to be consistent with their duty to allow the
bill to pass now, and resort hereafter to any rem-
edy which may be found necessary-
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the fourth sec-
tion of this bill, which provides for allowing the
continuance of goods in warehouse for three
years, by adding to it the following proviso:
" And providedfurther, That nothing herein contained
shall extend the time of withdrawing goods for consuinp-
• tion beyond one year."
I would ask the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, after the conversation which has taken
place, whether he is prepared to adopt this amend-
ment ? If he is, I shall withdraw objection to
the bill; if not, I wish to address the Senate upon
it. .
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the sense
of the Senate is the other way. I certainly would
be willing to give up the other provisions of the
bill, and allow the provision to which the Senator
from Massachusetts objects, to be stricken out, if
that be the sense of the Senate, but their sense
seems to be the other way, and therefore I would
prefer to take the vote upon the provision.
Mr. DAVIS. As the hour of one o'clock has
arrived, I suppose the time has gone by when we
can consider the bill, and I wish to address the
Senate upon the subject. If the Senator from
Virginia, and other gentlemen, are prepared to
keep the limitation in regard to goods eri'ered for
consumption where it now is, I should concede,
| so far as I am concerned, the provision allowing
i goods to be reexported within three years from
[ their deposit in warehouse. I would allow that.
I would allow them to pile up those goods as high
as they please. I would concede, so far as I am
concerned, the right to adopt, according to the
provisions of this bill, private warehouses, al-
though I can foresee very clearly, that if private
warehouses can be obtained at less expense than
the public warehouses, which you have under
lease, your public warehouses will be vacant.
They will not be used or employed. I can under-
stand that very well, but still 1 would not object
to a system for the adoption of private ware-
houses, provided it be properly secured and prop-
erly protected. The Senator from Virginia, then,
by conceding thus much to me, will get the two
great points at which he aims. In the first place,
he will secure the adoption of private warehouses;
and in the second place, the proposed time within
which to allqw the accumulation of goods for re-
exportation; and those were the main grounds
upon which he rested his argument. These points
I am willing to concede. But the bill extends
i; the time of piling up in warehouse goods intended
! for domestic consumption to three years; and to
I that I object. I wish to have the law in that re-
spect to stand as it is now limited; and that is the
■ effect of the amendment which I propose. I should
wish to go much more fully into this subject, but
I suppose the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk]
will claim that the rest of the day shall be devoted
to the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia, under the circumstances, will accept this
amendment rather than lose the bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will let the bill go over until to-morrow morn-
ing. I am as anxious to pass this bill as he can
be, but it is now one o'clock, and we have another
special order to go on with; and we can take this
bill up to-morrow morning, and dispose of it.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well, sir; I accede to
' that.
Mr. GWIN. Then I move to postpone the
further consideration of this bill, and make it the
[; special order for to-morrow, at half-past twelve
; o'clock. I hope, as it has been heretofore taken
up in the morning hour, we shall be allowed the
morning hotir to-morrow, for the purpose of dis-
|, posing of it.
i Mr.' BRODHEAD. Why not go on now ?
J Mr. GWIN. We have another measure which
is the special order for one o'clock, and it will not
; certainly require half an hour to-morrrow morn-
ing to dispose of this bill. I want to examine
this amendment. I do not want to have hasty
legislation on so important a measure, and there-
fore I move to postpone the further consideration
of the subject until to-morrow morning at half-
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope to-morrow morn-
ing will be given to the honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] for the consideration of
> the bill from the House relative to abuses in as-
[ sessing fees in the United States courts, which is
; a bill of much more importance than this.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Maine will
not advance that bill by bringing it in contact with
; a measure so far matured as this,
i Mr. BRADBURY. I find that special orders
are consuming the time of the Senate, and the
I measure to which the Senator from Pennsylvania
has referred, and which I have reported from the
1 Committee on the Judiciary, is the only measure
I of reform that I know of. It is the only one tend-
ing to the reduction of the public expenses, which
i has been suggested. It undertakes to correct ex-
| isting abuses, by regulating the fees of the minis-
! terial officers of the United States courts. I have
1 endeavored for the last fortnight to get the floor,
i in order to move that the Senate proceed to its
consideration, but I have sought in vain that op-
portunity. There are some amendments to it,
which have been reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary, and which, if adopted, will make it
necessary for the bill to be sent back to the House.
If I cannot have an opportunity for its considera-
tion this week, it may be too late. I hope, there-
fore, that the bill of the Senator from Virginia will
not be made the special order for an earlier hour
