1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
enlarged very much within the last few years, and
we have a balance remaining in the Treasury; but
is not that balance almost used up? Is it not
somewhat extraordinary that the Government of
the United States should throw herself into the
money world as a borrower of money to carry on
such n measure as this, for which there has been
no survey and estimate? Are we to expose twenty
millions of bonds of the Governmentof the United
States to the world for sale, when we have a bal-
ance in our Treasury, and are talking daily about
what we shall do with the surplus ? Examine the
matter in any of its hearings—take it in any of its
features, it is certainly an extraordinary proposi-
tion. I have looked at it with a great deal of care.
I have endeavored to comprehend it; and there is
not a Senator upon this floor who would feel
greater pleasure,and who, as an American, would
teel prouder than I should to see a railroad ex-
tending from the Atlantic to the Pacific; and when-
ever the period comes when I can act understand-
ing^, and keep myself within what I believe to
be the pale of the Constitution, I will be found
one of those as willing to do everything to promote
tiie interests and greatness of this country as any
gentleman here.
Mr. DOUijLAS. I do not propose at this time
to go into a general discussion of this question, yet
I do not think that there is*any question that can
come before us more worthy to occupy attention
than that of a railroad to the Pacific; and ] am in-
clined to the opinion that it is good policy for us
to confine ourselves to this bill until we dispose of
it one way or the other.
It is well known to the Senate that the projet
reported by the Select Committee is not in all its
features the one that [ myself should propose, or
that I did propose when I had charge of the sub-
ject at the previous session. That committee were
"kind enough to show me their bill before they re-
ported it, and upon that examination I was free to
say to them, that while it was not precisely what I
should 1 ike, yet I thought it was one that we might
all unite upon without any very great sacrifice of
principles.
I wish now to invite for a few moments the at-
tention of the Senate to some objections which
have been raised to it by the Senator from Geor-
gia.
One objection of the Senator is, that this road
is to be made entirely by the Government of the
United States, for the reason that private capital-
ists cannot be induced to invest in it. He has as-
serted, but he has not proven, he has not attempt- j
ed to prove, that private capitalists will not invest
their money in this road; but if he had proven I
that fact, he would thereby have answered every
objection that he madeto the bill, for the reason that
it would have shown that his other objections were
untenable. No other money than the twenty mil-
lions of dollars provided for in this bill can, by its
very terms, be expended by the Government for
this road. And, what is more, the contractors
who may agree to construct the road will not be at
liberty to expend these twenty millions of dollars.
The terms of the bill are, that when the contract-
ors shall have completed fifty miles of the road,
they mny receive a pro rata payment in the bonds
of the United States, in the ratio that fifty miles
bears to the whole length of the road; that is to
say, they will get such a proportion of twenty
millions of dollars as fifty miles bears to the whole
length of the road. They do not get a dollar of
the public money until they make fifty miles, and
if, when they have made fifty miles they fail to make
the next fifty, they can never draw another farthing
from the Treasury. They make a forfeiture the
moment they fail to construct any section of fifty
miles, and all that they have expended on the road
before the forfeiture then becomes the property of
the United States, and their contract is at an end.
Mr. DAWSON. They notonly get the money
when they have completed fifty miles of road, but
they get four fifths of the land.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know they do, but that is
only part of that land which lies along those fifty
miles, and they get nothing at all until fifty miles
have been completed. The argument of the Sen-
ator is, that the road will cost five times as much i
as the Government is to advance under this bill.
The argument is, that one hundred millions would !
hardly make it, and the Government advances ;
only twenty millions. If that be true, the com- j
pany, in order to make fifty miles of this road, I
have to do it out of their own funds, and then I
they will get from the Treasury of the United j
States but one fifth as much money as they have
expended.
If, then, they make a forfeiture by not comply-
ing with the contract, they forfeit not only the
one fifth of our money which they have received,
but the four fifths of their own, which they have
expended. If they go on with the next section
of fifty miles, four fifthsof the money is expended
by the contractors, and one fifth by the Govern-
ment; and so it is with each section until they get
through. Under this bill, therefore, the contract-
ors can never draw the twenty millions of dollars
from the Treasury until the road is completed and
in working order. How is it, then, that gentle-
men come forward and say, that after your twenty
millions of dollars are gone, you must go on and
advance more? Your twenty millions of dollars
can never be gone until the road is done. Then
as regards the land, the contractors, before they
can get an acre of land, must complete fifty nnles
of road, and when those fifty miles are completed,
they receive four fifths of the lands pertaining to
those fifty miles; and if they do not go on and
complete the road, they forfeit that portion of it
which they have built, and also the lands. If
they should go on and complete every section but
one, and then were to fail, they would forfeit to
the Government the whole of the road, and all the
money that they had expended upon it, and the
remainder of the lands that had been set apart.
I apprehend that gentlemen travel beyond the
terms of the bill, and make arguments which are
negatived by its provisions. They argue in defiance
of it, when they pretend to show that the Govern-
ment of the United States is about to go into an
unknown expenditure, and to create a boundless
public debt. One great merit of this bill is, that
it fixes precisely and exactly the liability of the
Government; and it not only does that, but it con-
tains such guards that by no possibility, under its
terms, can there be a loss to the United States.
By no possibility can the contractors get one dol-
lar of public money, until they have expended on
the road five times that amount, and given us a '
priority of lien on that fivefold amount as security
for our advance. We do not part with our secu-
rity even when the road is completed. I think,
therefore, that an examination of the provisions of
the bill will put an end entirely to any apprehen-
sions upon that score.
Mr. DAWSON. My friend will permit me to
show him that I am right. The sixth section of
the bill reported from the Select Committee pro- j
vides: j
" Thai whenever fifty miles of said road shall have been
completed in a manner satisfactory to tile President of the
United States, he ahall cause a jiro rata payment to be
made, according to the terms of tne contract, for tlie work
so completed,in the bonds of the Government issued under
the provisions of this act, and by a giant of four fifths of the
public lands to winch the completion of said fifty miles may
entitle said contractors," &.c. j
I
Thus it will be perceived that the contractors !
get the money to which fifty miles entitle them,
and also four fifths of the land? j
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. So I understand the matter
perfectly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is to say, when the
first fifty miles of this road are completed by the
contractors expending their own money, and it has
cost them say $2,000,000, they get about $500,000
in bonds of the United States, and they can draw ;
four fifths of the public lands lying along this fifty .
miles. Then they go on with the next fifty miles !
in the same way, receiving, when they have com-
pleted them, the same amount in money and land.
The United States all the time have a lien on the
fifty miles completed, which have cost five times
as much as the advance we make. There is,
therefore, no possibility of a loss on our part un-
der this bill. But the Senator says the contract-
ors will stop and not complete the road. The
moment they do stop and fail to complete it, they
make a forfeiture of the whole road as far as they
have gone, and they forfeit their contract and it
reverts to the United States. Suppose they should
make five hundred miles and then stop; should
we lose anything by that forfeiture ? We should
then come into possession of all the work which
had been done by our money and our lands, and
four times as much more work done by the money
of the contractors; and we should have besides all
the materials, all the implements, and everything
that had been prepared for carrying on the work;
and if the contractors would only make two or
three such forfeitures before they got through, we
should get the road at a very cheap rate. When
a forfeiture occurs, all that the Government has to
do is to let the remainder of the road to a new
company, and we should secure by the failure all
that had been theretofore done. If the Senator
from Georgia, instead of predicting that we shall
be called upon hereafter for further appropriations
for this road, will take the ground that he will hold
the company to a strict oompliance with the con-
tract, and insist on a forfeiture the instant they fail
to comply with it, there will be no difficulty.
But, sir, I pass from that point. The Senator
says he would like to see this road made, pro-
vided it can be done consistently with the Consti-
tution. I did not understand distinctly from him
that it violated the Constitution.
Mr. DAWSON. I said I would do all I could
to bring it within the pale of the Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But if it is already within
the pale of the Constitution, of course the limita-
tion amounted to nothing; and if it is not within
the pale of the Constitution, I would like to see
the objection to its constitutionality pointed out;
and I will tell the Senator that, when it shall be
pointed out, I will undertake either to answer the
argument, or I will write an amendment to avoid
the force of the objection. I pass, however, from
that point, because I am not going to argue the
question generally.
The Senator from Georgia went on to say that
this road was to be through a wilderness of two
or three thousand miles, and that there would be
nothing to supply provisions for those engaged
upon it; and that the travel and commerce upon it
when completed, would not be sufficient to pay
its expenses. He says no man dreams that the
road is going to pay a fair dividend after it is made.
I presume he was speaking in his usual beautiful,
rhetorical manner, without pinning himself down
to what he would expect us to regard as seriously
the facts of the case. There are men who think
that this road will pay when it is made. There
are men who think they have some data by which
they can arrive at that conclusion. I have seen,
within the last four years, a road started within my
own State through a country where hardiy one
tenth of the land was under cultivation, and where
the same predictions were made that it would never
pay, and yet that road, although only half done,
now yields twenty seven per cent, upon its cost.
And what is more, the road to which I refer was
intended for through travel between two great
points, but when it was half made, it was found
that the local travel was double the capacity of the
road, and the company are now beginning a double
track at that end for local travel, before they finish
the through road.
I undertake to predict to the honorable Senator
from Georgia, that although the country through
which this road is to be constructed is now a wilder-
ness, before it is finished the line of the road and
the country for a wide extent on either side will be
more densely populated than the State of which
he is the able representative on this floor. I un-
dertake to say to the Senator, that I am willing to
put myself on the record as predicting that when
you get this road half done, the local travel along
the finished portion of it will be beyond the capa-
city of a single track to perform. When you get
one hundred miles into the wilderness, you will
have shortened the distance for the transportation
of your Army and other supplies into New Mex-
ico; and who can count the number of teams, the
number of mules, and oxen, and horses, that will
come to the end of the road to haul supplies from
that point? Who can count the number of team-
sters that will be employed, the number of farmers
who will be required to supply productions to the
laborers, the number of tavern-keepers, and store-
keepers, and shop-keepers, who will spring up at
the end of the road. So, as you keep moving on
each week, getting two or three more miles of your
track completed, the whole country will become
filled up with settlers who are to remain there per-
manently. Each one hundred miles that you pen-
etrate the wilderness, you shorten the distance for
hauling supplies, and a greater number of teams
will be required to concentrate upon it, and popu-
lation will be swelling in upon each side to raise
provisions to sell to the men engaged in the work.
