1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
were the impressions of the first travelers; but
subsequent adventurers happened to find that
while there are sandy plains upon the valleys,
when you get in view of the mountains there
come dashing down tributary streams, and if you
follow them up you find abundance of good water
and timber, good grass, and everything that would
constitute a delightful and valuable agricultural
country. You find, therefore, that it will not do
to judge every section of the country by the one
in which you have been raised. Although a man
may have been born in what he regards the very
center of the earth, and the center of civilization,
where all the institutions are perfect, and where
everything outside the range of his vision is on the
outer borders of civilization, when he comes to
travel a little into other countries, he finds that
there are other places just as fertile, just as valu-
able, and other people just as enlightened and hu-
mane as those of the country in which he hap-
pened to be born.
When people start from their oldhomesand go
to the western wilds, they are apt to find fault
with everything they see which they do not find
exactly as it was in the country which they left.
They grumble at everything that is not exactly
agreeable to them. If they get sick, they charge
it upon the new country; if any misfortune hap-
pens to them they charge that upon it. Hence
you find the first explorers of every country al-
ways underrate its value. Who does not remem-
ber that shortly after the close of the last war,
President Monroe, I think it was, sent commis-
sioners into the Territory of Michigan for the
purpose of selecting lands upon which to locate
military bounty land warrants 5
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My country was called
" Barrens."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will come to that presently.
Those commissioners went out to Michigan under
instructions directing them to select no lands that
were not susceptible of cultivation, and those in-
telligent commissioners, after spending one year
in the Territory of Michigan and traveling all
over it, reported officially to the War Department
that ther* was no land in that Territory suscepti-
ble of cultivation. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. Julius C sar reported the
same thing of England.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My friend from South Car-
olina reminds me that Julius Caesar reported that
of England. So it is with all the people sent out
to explore new and unknown regions of country;
but I think it would be hard to convince my friend
from Michigan that there is not some land in his
State susceptible of cultivation. I have seen con-
iiderable land there that did yield a tolerable crop,
say one hundred bushels of corn and fifty bushels
of wheat to the acre. I think that land which
yields such a crop as that is tolerably good, even
in the valley of the Mississippi.
My friend from Kentucky has reminded me
that the country where he lives, was once called
the " Barrens." That brings to my mind a thing
which used to puzzle me very much when I first
emigrated to the State of Illinois. I found that
the State was divided into prairie country and bar-
rens. The barrens consisted of portions of land
on the borders of the prairies, that had grown up
to shrub-oaks; but after a while, the people culti-
vated the barrens, and raised better wheat on them
than on the prairies.
I could not find out, at that time, how it was
that the best land in the State was called barrens.
The people told me they did notknowhow it was,
but that the Kentuckians, who were some of the
first settlers, came over there and named it barrens,
and it was said that it was a sort of Kentucky no-
tion that the best lands in any country must be
called barrens. [Laughter.] But afterwards, I went
over into that section of the country, where my
friend from Kentucky lives, and spent some time
at the Mammoth Cave, the greatest natural curios-
ity in the world. While there, I inquired, and
tried to ascertain why that description of land was
called barrens. I was told that the first settlers
who came out there from Virginia, found the
country so destitute of timber, and of water, with
nothing growing there but little shrub-oaks, and
they thought that a country so utterly destitute of
every kind of support for vegetation, that not even
timber would grow upon it, ought certainly to be
called barrens, and that that was a very mild and
polite term for such a kind of country. They never
would settle upon it; they passed round it, and
settled every other nook and corner in the State,
and even ascended the mountains, and fixed them-
selves in their deep gorges, in preference to enter-
ing these barren wastes. They named a river
there Big Barren, and another Little Barren, and
gave names with reference to the peculiarities upon
the surface of the country. They thought these
were proper names to markthe desolation. In later
years, people went and settled upon these lands,
and among others, my friend from Kentucky; and
it was found that these spots called barrens, were
among the very best lands in the Mississippi val-
ley, or on the broad continent of America.
I remember that my intelligent friend from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Smith,] when we had the subject
of annexing California before us, and, I believe,
after it was annexed, made a speech, or rather
wrote a book and published it, descriptive of the
topography and geography of California. He
described it as the most desolate place upon the
face of the globe. I can assure the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] that the country
which I saw in riding from Weldon to Wilming-
ton, through the pineries of his State, would be a
Garden of Eden compared Urith the description
which the Senator from Connecticut gave of Cali-
fornia. He described utter desolation as pervad-
ing every valley, and every stream, and every
mountain- top, in the whole Territory. But we
find out now, sir, that the only trouble in regard
to California is that it is so productive that it is
actually asserted that when a man plants a ten-
acre patch of potatoes, he has got to rent an ad-
joining tract to pile them up on. [Laughter.]
And until I saw some Californians, who returned
from that country, I could not comprehend the
story that I heard from a gentleman who was in
Texas several years ago. H e said that while trav- >
eling through that country he entered the camp of
a distinguished general who was in command of
the Texan army, and there he found a fellow sit-
ting on one end of a sweet potatoe while he was
roasting the other in the fire. [Laughter.] I never >
could realize the truth of that story until the fer-
tility of the Californian soil was described. But
while I cannot credit entirely all the accounts
which I have heard in relation to the fertility of
the soil of California, it is undeniable that there is
there in point of agricultural power and produc-
tion a degree of fertility not surpassed even by
the gold that has been found in the mountains
and along the streams that run through her val-
leys.
We all remember, too, that when the Oregon
treaty was before us for ratification here, it was
demonstrated time and again that there was not i
land enough in the whole of Oregon out of which '
you could make one respectable Territory. Now, |
it is admitted that you can find good land for three
or four good States not inferior to New York in
capacity to furnish all the articles that contribute
to the support of man.
Sir, I am under the impression that the vast
regions of desert in the slopes on either side of the
mountains west of the Mississippi will disappear
before investigation and settlement, in the way
that other deserts have. Why, sir, it is not
twenty years since, passing up the Mississippi
river, along where the Senators from Iowa reside,
I was told that it was the finest country in the
world for ten miles back, and beyond that men
could not live, and beasts died. It was so deso-
late, and so destitute of everything to support
either man or beast; and all the accounts that came
to us, up to within the last fifteen or twenty years,
of the western portion of Iowa, gave that descrip-
tion. I would now like to find the man who will
go out and find one acre out of one hundred acres
of land in the poorest part of Iowa, that is not
susceptible of cultivation, and will not yield a
very heavy crop of any agricultural product.
Mr. ADAMS. If my friend from Illinois will
give way, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was nearly through. I
should not take five minutes more; but as there
is a desire for an adjournment, I believe I will
stop right here.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to make a few remarks
upon this subject, but I do not propose to make
them now. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 4, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. DEAN. Is it in order to move that there
be a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first ascertain
whether a quorum be present.
The Speaker counted the members present, and
found that there was not a quorum; which fact he
announced to the House.
Mr. DEAN. I now move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion, for in that way we can as well
ascertain who are absent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was decided in the negative—yeas 59, nays 64.
So the House refused to order a call.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
MODE OF COUNTING VOTES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to what [
conceive to be a question of privilege. I submit
the following report from the Joint Committee ap-
pointed to examine and report a mode for count-
ing the votes for President and Vice President of
the United States. I do not ask action on it now,
but only that it shall be read and informally passed
over until we shall receive a message from the
Senate, announcing its adoption by that body:
Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble in the
Chamber of the House of Representatives, on Wednesday,
the 9th instant, at twelve o'clock, and the President of the
Senate pro tempore shall be the presiding officer ; that one
person be appointed a teller on the part of the Senate, and
two on the part of the House of Representatives, to make a
list of the votes as they shall be declared; that the result
shall be delivered to the President of the Senate pro tem-
pore, who shall announce the state of the vote, ana the per-
sons elected, to the two Houses assembled, as aforesaid,
which shall be deemed a declaration of the persons elected
President and Vice President of the United States, and,
together with a list of votes, be entered on the Journals of
the two Houses.
GRANTS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. Pre-
vious to the adjournment last evening, the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] moved to re-
consider the vote by which the House refused to
lay on the table the bill of the Senate (No. 131)
granting the right of way and a donation of the
public land to the State of Wisconsin, for the pur-
pose of locating and constructing certain railroads
in that State, and the amendments thereto. The
House immediately adjournetUifter the submission
of that motion, so that this question could not then
be raised. My point is, that that, like a motion
to adjourn, cannot be reconsidered. The only
motion for the gentleman is, to again move to lay
on the table. He cannot move the reconsideration
of a vote refusing to lay on the table.
Mr. DOTY. I would suggest whether it would
not be time enough to raise the question of order
after I have called up the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the right to call up the motion to recon-
sider, and to raise a question of order on it.
Mr. DEAN. It is within the power of any
member to call up the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the weight of argument from the rules may
be on the side of the gentleman from New York,
but the practice of my predecessor has been fol-
lowed by myself, and 1 do not feel disposed to
change it during the remainder of my term of ser-
vice here. The Chair holds that the motion is in
order.
Mr. DEAN. Very well, then. I move, as I
believe it is in order, that that motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
Mr. DOTY. How has the gentleman obtained
possession of the floor?
The SPEAKER. The rule declares that any
member may call up the question of reconsidera-
tion. The Chair decides that the motion to re-
consider was properly entered on yesterday even-
ing. He also decides, in conformity with the
decision and practice of his predecessor, and of
his own at the last session, that it is in order to
