1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
and moved to have his motion to reconsider en-
tered upon the Journal. I
Mr. RICHARDSON. Preceding the motion '
to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. Succeeding the motion to
adjourn.
-\lr. MASON. I was temporarily occupying
the chair. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] arose in his place, according to my
recollection, and moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object to this discussion.
It is a question of fact, and this is not the way to
arrive at it.
The SPEAKER. It is a debatable question.
There is a motion made to amend the Journal,
and therefore it is debatable.
Mr. .MASON. Before the Cha.r put the motion
to adjourn, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Dorr] rose and stated that he had a privileged
motion to make, that he wished to give notice of
his intention to reconsider the vote on a certain
bill. It was not announced distinctly that he
moved a reconsideration, but he stated that he
wanted to give notice.
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin sent to the Chair a paper in writing.
Mr. MASON. He senrtapa paper in writing,
and it was adjudged by the Chair to be a motion,
and he directed the C'erk to enter it accordingly.
There was some confusion in the House, but no
particular objection to the entry of the motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Did the motion of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] succeed
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] to adjourn ?
Mr. MASON. I think it did. The gentleman
from Wisconsin seemed to be struggling for the
floor, but I observed the gentleman from Virginia
on the floor first, and was about proceeding to put
the question to adjourn, when the gentleman from
Wisconsin stated that he had a privileged question.
He gave his notice, sent up his resofution, and it
was entered, no person saying that he objected to
it. I then put the motion to adjourn, and the
House adjourned.
Mr. DEAN. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mason] answer me one question?
Was that paper read to the House at all?
Mr. MASON. It. was not read.
Mr. DEAN. How, then, could the House con-
sent that it be entered ? We knew nothing about
it.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin claimed the right, and the Chair decided that
he had the right to make the entry upon the Jour-
nal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to call the
attention of the House to the following rule:
" When a motion has been once made and carried in the
affirmative or negative, it shall be in order for any member
of the majority to move for the reconsideration thereof on
the same or succeeding day, and such motion shall take
precedence of all other questions, except a motion to ad-
journ. "
Mr. RICHARDSON. A motion to adjourn
preceded it, according to the statement of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. MASON. I suppose, technically,it hardly
did. I was about to put his motion to adjourn,
when the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty]
stated that he had a privileged question. 1 had not
responded to him, and then I recognized the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, who had his motion en-
tered. I decided that he had a clear right to have
it entered.
Mr. RICHARDSON.' Will the gentleman
from Kentucky answer me a single question ? Did
the gentleman from Virginia, after the notice of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, move again to ad-
journ, or did the Chair act upon the previous mo-
tion ?
Mr.MASON. It was a previous motion. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] insisted
on having his motion to adjourn put.
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
Here a message was received from the Senate
of the United States, by the hands of Asbury
Djckins, Esq., its Secretary,informing the House
that the Senate had passed the following resolu-
tion, viz:
" Retained, That the two Houses will assemble in the
Chamber of the House of Representatives on Wednesday,
the 9th instant, at twelve o'clock, and the President of the
Senata pro t import shall be the presiding officer; that one
i person be appointed a teller on the part of the Senate, and
two on the part of the House of Representatives, to make
a listof the votes as they shall be declared; that the result
shall be delivered to the President of the Senate pro tem-
pore, who shall announce the state ot the vote, and the
persons elected, to the two Houses assembled, as aforesaid,
which shall be deemed a declaration of the persons elt-cted
President and Vice President ot the United Stale-, and, to-
gether with a list of votes, be entered on the Journals of the
two Houses.
" Ordered, That Mr. Honter be the teller on the part of
the Senate."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask if that mes- I
sage from the Senate is not a question of privilege,
which takes precedence of a mere privileged ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
question of privilege.
Mr. JONES. The message from the Senate is
the report of the Joint Committee appointed to as-
certain and report the mode of counting the votes
for President and Vice President, which I pre-
sented to the House this morning. I move that
the resolution be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to, and theresolution of
the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. JONES. I move that the Speaker of the
House appoint the two tellers on the part of the
House provided for in that resolution.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Speaker thereupon appointed Messrs.
Jones of Tennessee, and Chandler, as tellers
on the part of the House.
GRANTS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. DISNEY. I have only a word or two to
say with reference to the difficulty that has sprung
up here this morning. Now, whether or not the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] to adjourn was entertained by the
Chair prior to the motion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doty,] is* a question between
the gentleman from Virginia and the Presiding
Officer at the time. But it is perfectly immaterial.
The Chair did not put the motion to adjourn to
the House, and therefore it was not pending when
the motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin was 1
made. According to the parliamentary law, a \
motion is not in'the possession of the House until ,
it is stated from the Chair and put to the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 do not understand the
proposition to be as the gentleman from Ohio has
stated it. When the gentleman from Wisconsin
obtained the floor, as I understand it, and made
his motion.it was not announced by the then Pre-
siding Officer. 1 f I am wrong in this statement, the |
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] who
occupied the chair, can correct me. The only
motion that was in the possession of the House
by being announced from the Chair, was the mo-
tion to adjourn. I understand from the statement
of the gentleman from Kentucky himself, that the
gentleman from Wisconsin rose to give notice of
his intention to move a reconsideration, and that
he sent a paper to the Chair, but that the paper
was not read, nor was the motion to reconsider
announced by the Presiding Officer. Am I cor-
rect ?
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Wiscon-
sin announced his intention to move a reconsider-
ation, and sent up a paper. I did not know what
it was.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The statement of the
gentleman from Kentucky, who was occupying
the chair at the time, places this matter precisely
in the position which I supposed it to occupy.
The announcement made by him at the time was,
that the gentleman from Wisconsin gave notice
that he intended to move to reconsider. Am I
correct in that ?
Mr. MASON. Yes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No member of the
House objected to that notice, because there was
nothing upon which they could act. The only
question before the House upon which they could
or did act, was the motion to adjourn. The House
was not put in possession of such amotion as they
could object to, and so far as the ground of the
gentleman from Ohio is concerned, it is applicable,
not upon the side which he applies it to, but
upon the other side; for there was no announce-
ment by the Chair that could put the House in
possession of the fact that a motion to reconsider
had been made. There was no reading of the pa-
per sent up to the Chair, and the only motion that
was made and announced from the Chair, wag the
motion to adjourn.
What is the question
Mr. McLANAHAN.
now before the House ?
The SPEAKER. The proposition to amend
the Journal.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Would it not be in order
'0  0ve to 'ay w'>0'e subject upon the table?
Mr. STUART. If that motion prevailed, it
would carry the Journal to the table.
The SPEAKER. That would be the effect of
it.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Then I move the pre-
vious question.
A Voice. That is right. You are a public
benefactor.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question was then put upon Mr. Averett's
motion to amend the Journal, and it was not agreed
to.
The question recurred on the appeal from the
decision of the Chair, viz: "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. GORMAN. Who appealed ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did,and as the
question is a very important one, I hope we shall
have a direct vote on the appeal.
Mr. SWEETSER. I call the gentleman from
Tennessee to order.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. JONES. I know the appeal is not debat-
able, and I only wish 
[Loud cries of " Order !"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
Speaker to state what his decision is from which
the appeal is taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doty,] on yesterday, submitted a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused, on the day before, to lay the Wisconsin
land bill upon the table. Under the decision of
the Chair, and by force of the rules of the House,
that bill—no order having been taken upon it by the
House—went to the Speaker's table. The right of
thegentleman from Wisconsin to submit the motion
to reconsider is disputed by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] The Chair decides that
thegentleman from Wisconsin has aright to move
to reconsider, and that the effect of that motion,
if it prevails, will be to bring the bill again before
the House. From this decision the gentleman
from Tennessee appeals.
Mr. JONES. Have I a right to state the
grounds of my appeal ?
[Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought he had
done it with great clearness.
Mr. JONES. I do not wish to argue the ques-
tion at all. *
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to state the grounds of his appeal.
Mr. JONES. Upon the day before yesterday
a motion was made to lay the Wisconsin land bill
upon the table. That motion fajfed. We then
progressed with the consideration of the bill, and
the House adjourned without taking action upon it.
The bill, under the rules of the House, went into
a certain class of business upon the Speaker's
table. The Chair so decided yesterday, and the
House acquiesced in the decision. Last evening
thegentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Doty] moved
to reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to lay his bill upon the table. The Chair decided
that he did make that motion. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Dean] this morning raises
a question of order that the gentleman from Wis-
consin had no right to make such a motion; that
the bill was not disposed of by the vote which he
moves to reconsider, that it did not pass from be-
fore the House by that vote, but that it passed
from before the House by the operation of the
rules, and that consequently that vote cannot be
reconsidered. The Chair decides, as I understand
it, that the motion can be made, not because he
is satisfied that it is right in itself, but because
there has been a precedent that way. From that
decision I appeal, and ask the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, and Harris, of Tennessee, were
appointed.
