512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 4.
The House was then divided on ordering the
yeas and nays, and the tellers reported 31 in the
affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. There has been no morning
hour, and there will be none to-day.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the Chair, before the
question is put, if he will state the point of order
for himself. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] has made his argument upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair requests that the
decision of his immediate predecessor may be
again read. It fully explains the proposition be-
fore the body.
The Clerk again read the extract from the
Journal, which will be found above.
Mr. STANLY. That, I understand, is the
decision of Speaker Cobb, from which the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] appealed.
The SPEAKER. It is, and in acco danee with
that precedent, the present occupant of the chair
decided a similar proposition in a similar way at
the last session. He adheres to that decision.
Mr. STANLY. Well, the Speaker is right.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Sey-
mour's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 109, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
Wm. Appleton, Babcock, Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Bennett,
Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, Bragg, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks,
Albert e. Brown, Burrows, Busby, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Clemens, Conger,
Cotuii&n, Cullom, Darby, George T. Davis, Jolm G. Davis,
Disney, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edger-
ton, Evans, Fay, Freeman,Henry M. Fuller,Gamble, Gen-
try, Giddings, Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Haven, Hendricks,
Henn, Horsford, John VV. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ives,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George G. King, Lan-
dry, Little, Mace, Martin, Mason, McNair, Meacham, Mil-
ler, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morrison, Na-
bers, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Kiddle, Robie, Robinson, Sa-
bine, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scurry, David
L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Smart, Smith, Snow,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abr'm P, Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton, Sweetser, Thurston, Toombs,
Tuck, Venable, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wil-
cox, Williams, Woodward, and Yates—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Averett, David J. Bailey, Beale,
Bocock, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chas-
tain, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Curtis, Daw-
son, Dean, Dimmick, Faulkner, Florence, Floyd, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Gilmore, Gorman, Grow, Hall, Ham-
ilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, Hol-
lady, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, John Johnson, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart,
McLanahan, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Mur-
phy, Murray, Olds, Peaslee, Penn, Powell, Richardson,
Ross, Russell, Skelton, Stuart, Wallace, and Wildrick—57.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair stands as the judgment of
the House.
The question recurred upon the motion to lay
upon the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to lay the Wisconsin
railroad bill upon the table.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas anf nays were ordered.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to ask what bill we are
now voting upon ? My object is, if possible, to
prevent the delay of the public business by this
struggle for railroad bills. If I am right, the bill
upon which we are now called to vote, stands upon
the calendar at the head of bills from the Senate
upon the Speaker's table, on their firstand second
reading. It is followed by a long list of other rail-
road bills of a like character. I hope, therefore,
that the House will make this a test question, and
that we shall have no more struggles about rail-
road bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Are these remarks
in order?
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. I understand, that if the vote
by which the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table is reconsidered, the bill is before the House.
But if the House refuse to reconsider, is the bill
then before the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
brings the bill absolutely before the House.
Mr. STANLY. I would ask the Chair to state
what the bill is upon which we are now voting.
The SPEAKER. It is a bill granting the right
of way and alternate sections of the public lands
to the State of Wisconsin, for the construction of
certain railroads.
Mr. STANLY. Is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] cow
pending ?
j The SPEAKER. Everything connected with
the bill will be brought before the body.
Mr. STANLY. Precisely so. Now we un-
derstand what we are voting upon.
, The question was then taken upon Mr. Dean's
motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; and it was decided in the negative—yeas 82,
nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, John Appleton,
William Appleton, Averett, David J. Bailey, Bartlett, Beale,
Bocock, Bragg, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell,
Cartter, Caskie, Chastain, Churchwell, Clemens, Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Dockery, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gid-
dings, Gilmore, Gorman, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson Wr. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay,
! Houston, Howard, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
{ son, John Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart,Mason,McLanahan.McMullin,
McVair, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Murphy,
Murray, Olds, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Powell,
Richardson, Robie, Robinson, Ross,Russell, Savage,David
L. Seymour,Skelton, Smith, Benj.Stanton, Stratton,Suth-
erland, Sweetser, Wallace, Wildrick, and Woodward—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Barrere,
Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Briggs,
Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Clingman, Conger, Cott-
man, Cullom, Darby, George T. Davis, Doty, Duncan, Dur-
kee, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Fay, Freeman, Henry M.
Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow, Grey, Hascall, Ilaven, Henn,
Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, James John-
son, Robert W.Johnson, George G. King, Landry, Little,
Mace, Martin, McDonald, Meacham, Miller, Miner, Hen-
ry D.Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Nabers,
Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penn, Penniman, Per-
kins, Porter, Preston, Price, Riddle, Sabine, Sackett,
Schoolcratt, Schoonmaker, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Thaddeus Stevens, St. Martin, Thurston, Toombs,
Tuck, Venable, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welsh, Wil-
cox, Williams, and Y ates—91.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
reconsid er.
Air. STANTON, of Ohio, is it in order now
to move to go into a Committee  f the Whole on
the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not in 1
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order for me to move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ? i
i The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that mo- !
! i tion would be in order.
i Mr. STUART. 1 think the Chair is mistaken.
The rules provide that a motion to reconsider shall
take precedence of any other motion, except the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There is also another rule
which provides that it shall be in order, at any
time, to move to suspend the rules to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The uniform practice of the House has been to
entertain that motion, and, in the opinion of the
Chair, we had better not change that practice, if
, we do not intend to get into inextricable confusion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I rise to a
question of order. I submit to the Chair that I
obtained the floor for the purpose of moving to go
into a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, when the floor was taken from me
by the privileged motion to reconsider. I ask now
if the floor can be taken from me for the purpose
of moving to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. That is still another question
of order. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to submit !
a point, which, I think, will decide this question.
Suppose this motion to reconsider were not before
the House, and n motion was made to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
could not any gentleman call up this motion to re-
consider? And when that motion is called up, by
an express rule of the House, it must take prece-
dence of every motion except that to adjourn.
| The SPEAKER. Another rule provides that
it shall be in order, at any time, to move to go into ,
! the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 1
Union. Now, if it be the pleasure of the House
to hear any decision, the Chair will decide the
case which now arises. When the motion to re- |
consider was called up by the gentleman from New j
York, [Mr. Dean,] another gentleman from Con- I
necticut [Mr. Seymour] was upon the floor, and
had submitted the motion that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House upon
the Private Calendar. That is, however, not a de-
batable question, and the gentleman from Con-
necticut could not retain the floor. It would have
been in order for the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] then, or at any time after the
gentleman from New York had called up the mo-
tion to reconsider, to have risen in his place and
moved to suspend the rules and go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; but
the motion made by the gentleman from Connecti-
cut to go into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar—this being private bill day—
would have taken precedence. The effect of the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama, therefore,
if the decision of the Chair be correct, would be to
bring the House to a vote upon the motion of the
gentleman from Connecticut to go into a Committee
of the Whole House. The Chair, therefore, de-
cides that the question now is upon the motion of
the gentleman from Connecticut.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw the motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of allowing the ques-
tion to be taken upon the motion to reconsider, for
the purpose of having that matter disposed of.
The question then again recurred upon the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I renew the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion will take pre-
cedence of the motion called up by the gentleman
from New York; but can only be reached in the
form stated by the Chair a few minutes ago, by
first putting the question on the motion of tne gen-
tleman from Connecticut to go into a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. STANTON. I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. I ask the Chair to state what
is the precise motion upon which we are about to
vote ?
The SPEAKER. It is the motion called up
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dean] to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to lay upon the table the Wisconsin railroad bill.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 86, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Willis
Allen, William Appleton, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus,
Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Burrows, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chap-
man, Clingman, Conger, Cottman, Cullom, Darby, George
T. Davis, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Evans, Fay, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,
Gentry, Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Hascall, Haven, Henn,
Horsford, John W. Howe,Thomas M.Howe, James John-
son, George G. King, Little, Mace, Martin, Meacham, Mil-
ler, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Na-
bers, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penn, Penniman,
Perkins, Porter, Preston, Riddle, Sackett, Schoonmaker,
Scurry, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Thaddeus Stevens, St. Martin, Thurston, Toombs,
Tuck, Venable, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Wilcox,
Williams, and Yates—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, John Appleton, Ashe, Averett,
Javid J. Bailey, Beale, Bocock, Bragg, Busby, Joseph
Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chastain,
Churchwell, Clemens, Cobb, Colcock, Dawson, Dean,
Dimmick, Edmundson, Flqrence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings,Gilmore, Gorman, Grow, Hall,
Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holla-
day, Houston, Howard, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, John Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Letcher, Lockhart, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin,
McNair, McQueen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Murphy,
Murray, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Phelps,
Polk, Powell, Robie, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Savage,
David L. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Stratton, Sutherland, ■
Sweetser, Wallace, Welch, Wildrick, and Woodward—80.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
[Pending the call of the roll, Mr. Stanton, of
Ohio, when his name was called, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Landry.
Mr. Ingersoll also stated that he had paired
offj
The question then recurred upon laying the bill
upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 mov'e that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order to move to go
