THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Comgress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1853.
New Series....No. 33.
into a Committee of" the Whole on the Private
Calendar:
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing.
Air. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the gen-
tleman from Alabama will withdraw that motion,
and allow us to dispose of this business at once.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire very much to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and dispose of the Army bill to-day.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that if he wishes the House
to unite with him in facilitating the public busi-
ness, he must not run counter to the declared will
of the majority.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire at any time
to run counter to the sentiment of the House, and
regret that I am ever compelled to do so in the
discharge of my duty. But from the order of busi-
ness as marked out by the resolution of the House,
if the Army bill is not passed to-day, it will not be
passed until week after next, and then how much
time have you to consider the civil and diplomatic
bill, and all the other appropriation bills?
Mr. LETCHER. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I insist upon the en-
forcement of the rule.
Mr. STANTON. I move to go intoa Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing.
Mr. HOUSTON". If that motion is pending, I
will withdraw mine to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of OImo. I renew the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ask a vote upon the
motion submitted by the gentlman from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Setmoor,] to go into a Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar. I believe
that motion takes precedence.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if this motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar prevails, what
will be the condition of the bill now before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that ,
question when it comes up. ,
Mr. SACKETT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his motion for a moment, to
allow me to move to recommit the bill.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" " Yes!" " Yes!"]
Mr. STANTON. I do not withdraw the mo-
tion.
The question now being upon the motion that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House,
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Sey-
mour, of New York, and Smith were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes not counted.
Mr. STANLY. This question involves the
fate of the bill. I ask the yeas and nays. !
The yeas and nays were ordered. ;
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I withdraw the mo-
tion to aro into the Committee of the Whole on the !
state of the Union, in order to afford an opportu-
nity to move to recommit this bill.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now \
adjourn.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to recommit this bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot now be
made.
Mr. SACKETT. I submitted the motion to
recommit before the motion to adjourn was made,
and therefore ask that my motion shall be entered !
upon the Journal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are two
motions pending in relation to this bill, either of
which would preclude the motion to recommit
from being made, aside from the motion to ad- ;
journ. One is for the previous question, and the
other is to lay the bill upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten- I
33
! nessee is correct. Either of these motions would |
preclude the motion to recommit from being made. 1
Mr. DEAN. I insist upon my motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. DOTY. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, the result was—yeas 60, nays 103; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, John Appleton,
Averett, Beale, Bragg, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter,Chastain, Cullom, Dawson, Dean, Diin-
nnck, Edmundson, Florence, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gorman, Grow, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Ishain G. Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Ilibbard, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, George W.Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Letcher, Mason, McLanahan, McNair, Mc- )
Queen, Miilson, Molony, Morrison, Murphy, Olds-, Samuel !
XV. Parker, Peaslee, Richardson, Robie, Robinson, Ross,
Savage, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Alexander H. Ste- |
phens, St. Martin, Stratton, Sutherland, Sweetser,Wallace, i
and VVildrick—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Babcock, David J. Bailey, ;
Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, '
Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,Burrows, Cald- 1
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Church-
well, Clemens,Clingman, Cobb, Conger, Cottman, Curtis,
Darby, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Disney, Doty,
Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Evans, Faulkner, Fay, Free-
man, HenryM. Fuller, Gentry, Gilraore, Goodenow, Grey, i
Harper, Hascall, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Horsford, Hous-
ton, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives,
Jackson, James Johifson, Robert W. Johnson, George G.
King, Little, Mace, Marshall, Martin, Meacham, Miller, .
Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Nabers,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penn,Penniman, Perkins, Porter,
Preston, Price, Riddle, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Schoonmaker, Scurry, Origen S. Seymour, Smart, Smith,
Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Thaddeus,'Stevens, Thurston, Toombs, Tuck, Venable,
Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wilcox, Williams,
and Woodward—103.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to know what be-
comes of the motion submitted by the gentleman
from New York [Mr..Sackett] to recommit?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that that
motion could not be entertained, because of the
motion pending to lay the bill upon the table.
| The question was then put upon the motion to go
into a Committee of the Whole House, and upon
I a division there were—ayes 70, noes 71.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, the result was—yeas 77, nays 84; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Alien, Allison,
John Appleton, Ashe, Averett, David J. Bailey, Beale,
Bragg, Busby, Joseph Cable,Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Caskie, Chastain, Clemens, Clingman, Cullom, John G. j
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Disney, Florence, Floyd,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore,
Gorman, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Ingersoll,
Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Letcher, Lockhart, Mason,
McLanahan, McMullin, McPfair, McQueen, Meade, Mill-
son, Molony, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Orr, Samuel W.
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Powell, Robie, Ross, Russell,
Savage, Skelton, Smith, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Mar-
tin, Stratton, Sutherland, Wallace, Wildrick, and Wood-
ward—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, William Appleton, Bar-
rere, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton,
Brims, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Churchwell,
Cobb, Conger, Darby, George T. Davis, Dockery, Doty, 1
Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Faulkner,
Fay, Ficklin, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Goodenow, Grey,
Harper, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Henn, Horsford, Hous-
ton, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ives, Robert W.
Johnson, George G. King, Little, Mace, Marshall, Martin,
Meacham, Miller, Miner, John Moore, Morehead, Nabers,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, ]
Preston, Price, Riddle, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scurry, Origen S. Seymour, |
Snow, Stanly, Thurston, Toombs, Tuck, Venable, Ward,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wilcox, and Yates—84. |
So the House refused to adjourn. j
Before the result of the vote was announced, j
Mr. POLK remarked: I have not failed during
the session to vote upon a motion to adjourn, and j
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to re- J
cord my vote upon this motion, as I was without
the bar when my name was called. L
That can only be done by
The SPEAKER.
unanimous consent.
Objection was made, and his name was not
recorded.
Is a motion for the previous
Mr. SACKETT.
question in order?
The SPEAKER,
tion is not in order.
A call for the previous ques-
It was demanded upon this
bill, and a motion was made to lay the bill upon
the table, which the House refused to do. That
vote has been reconsidered, and the question is,
Shall the bill be laid upon the table? Pending that,
a motion is made to go into a Committee of the
Whole House upon the Private Calendar. Upon
that motion the yeas and nays have been order d,
and the motion is now pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are several
private bills which have been reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House 
[Cries of" Order !" " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. JONES. Never mind, gentlemen; I am in
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is upon the floor to a point of order, and
has a right to state it.
Mr. JONES. I wish to know if a motion to
take up those bills, this being private bill day,
would not take precedence of a motion to go into
a Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of those
bills would have been the business before the
House, if the House were not restrained by the
business brought up by the motion to reconsider;
but for that it would have been the duty of the
Speaker this morning to have ordered those bills
to be reported, though it was in order then to go
into a Committee of the Whole House upon the
Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. It is the motion to go into a
Committee of the Whole House upon the Private
Calendar.
Mr. JONES. Does not the other motion take
; precedence ?
The SPEAKER. Not in the opinion of the
Chair. It would be the duty of the Chair, if the
wjy were not blocked up, to go to the bills which
have been reported from a Committee of the Whole
House. Upon the motion to go into a Committee
of the Whole House, the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. GORMAN. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. GORMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN. I renew the motion.
Mr. DOTY. I demand the yeas and nays.
The House was divided on the call for the yeas
and nays, and there were 31 voting in the affirm-
ative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
eminently a privileged motion itself?
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet again on Mon-
day next.
The question was taken on the latter motion;
and there were, on a division—ayes 54, noes 76.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. DOTY. Upon that I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES. I ask for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaylord and
Smith were appointed.
