514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
The House was then divided, and the tellers I
reported 41 in the affirmative, noes not counted. !
So the yeas and nays were ordered. |
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
78, nays 80; as follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Allison,
John Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Beale, Busby, Joseph Cable,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chastain, Clemens,
Clingtiian, Cobb, Colcock, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dimimck, Disney, Dockery, Faulkner, Ficklin, Florence,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings,
Gilmore, Gorman, Green, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G.
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay,
Howard, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, John Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Letcher, Lockhart, Mason, McLanahan, MeMiillin, Mc-
Nair, McQueen, Millson. Molony, Morrison, Murphy, Orr,
Peaslee, Phelps, Polk, Powell, Robie, Savage, David L.
Seymour, Skelton, Smith, St. Martin, Stratton, Sutherland,
Wallace, Wildriek, and Woodward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Chas. Allen, Wm. Appleton, Babcoek,
Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bowie, Bowne, Rrenton,
Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Caldwell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Churchwell,
Ctfnger, Darby, George T. Davis, Doty, Duncan, Durkee,
"Edgerton, Evans, Fay, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Good-
enow, Grpy, Harper, Haven, Henn, Horsford, Houston,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Jauies Johnson,Robert
W. Johnson. George G. King, Little, Mace, Marshall,
Meacham, Miller, Miner, John Moore, Morehead, Nabcrs,
Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penn, Penniman, Pet-
kins, Porter, Preston, Price, Sabine, Sackett, Schermer-
horn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scurry, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Thurston, Tuck, Venable,
Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wilcox, W illiams, and
Yates—80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move the usual
resolution to close debate upon bill No. 336, the
Army appropriation bill, in one hour after the
committee shall have again resumed its consider-
ation.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
■while a motion for a call of the House is pending.
Mr. STANLY. Is such a motion now pend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. ORR. I call for the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The House was divided on the call for the yeas
and nays, and there were 22 in the affirmative,
and 92 in the negative.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. ORR demanded tellers upon the yeas and
nays; which were refused.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DOTY. I demand the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeaM and nays were ordered. -
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 70; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs.Abercrombie,Willis Allen, Allison, John
Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Brenton, Busby, Joseph Cable,
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chastain,
Churchwell, Clemens, Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Diminick, Faulkner, Ficklin, Flor-
ence, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gid-
dings, Gorman, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Hous-
ton, Ingersoll, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John
Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Letcher,
Lockhart, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Millson, Molony, Morrison, Murphy, Mur
ray, Orr, Peaslee, Phelps, Powell. Robie, Robinson, Sav-
age, David L. Sevmour, Skelton, Smith, St. Martin, Strat-
ton, Sutherland, Wallace, Watkins, Wildriek, and Wood-
ward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, William Appleton, Bar-
rere, Bell, Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, Briggs, Brooks, Albert
G. Brown, Burrows, Chandler, Chapman, Conger, Darby,
GeorgeT. Davis, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Evans, Fav, Freeman, Henrv M. Fuller,
Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Haven, Henn, Horsford, John
W. Howe.ThomasM. Howe, Robert W. Johnson, George
G. King, Landry, Little, Mace, Marshall, Miller, Miner,
John Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Porter, Preston, Price,
Russell, Sabine^ Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoonmaker,
Scurry, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Thurston, Tuck, Venable,
Washburn, Welch, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—70.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 5, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gali.aher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, accompanied by an abstract of the returns
of the militia of all the States and Territories, with
their arms, accouterments, and ammunition; which
was referred to the Committee on the Militia, and
I ordered to be printed.
| PETITIONS, ETC.
J Mr. MORTON presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Florida in favor of the erection
I of a marine hospital at Appalachicola; which was
j referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
i Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of
II Florida relative to the erection of the light-house on :
1 Sea Horse Keys; which was referred to the Com-
I mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of 1
Florida, in favor of a reduction of the price of the
public lands in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to J
be printed. !
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Har-
riet Leavenworth, widow of General Leavenworth,
late of the United States Army, praying for a pen- !
sion; which was referred to the Committee on ,
Pensions.
j Also, a petition of citizens of New York, pray- j
i ing that the public lands may be granted, in limited j
I quantities, to actual settlers not possessed of other i
j| land; which was ordered to lie on the table. I
Mr. BRIGHT presented a memorial of the I
president, directors, and stockholders of the Ohio (
Falls Marine Railroad Company, proposing to
construct a marine railway on the Indiana shore
for the transportation of steamboats around the
Falls of the Ohio river; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
POSTAL CONVENTION.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was I
Ordered, That the message of the President of the United
States, respecting the Postal Convention with Great Britain, j
be printed. j
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal j
year ending the 30th of June, 1853, reported it i
with amendments, and gave notice that on Mon-
day next he should ask the Senate to take up the
bill for consideration.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which were referred the
following billsand joint resolutions from the House
of Representatives, reported them without amend-
ment:
An act for the relief of the Southern Michigan
Railroad Company;
An act for the relief of John Dearmit;
Joint resolution for the relief of J. P. Converse, !
of Ohio; and
Joint resolution for the relief of Thompson Bar-
nett. |
He also, from the same committee, to which was j
referred the bill for the relief of Zadock C. Ingram, !
reported it without amendment.
DECORATION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Retolved, That the Committee on the Library be, and
they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expediency
of commissioning Messrs. Healy, Leutze, and Rothermel,
or such other eminent native artists as they may think
proper, to paint, with a view to the encouragement of Amer
lean artists and the decoration of the Chambers now being
built for the use of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, two pictures each, representing scenes in our own
revolutionary or ante-revolutionary history.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHER.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Hamlin to supply the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Dixon, on the Select Commit-
tee on anaesthetic agents.
RIGHT OF WAY.
The PRESIDENT. The bill from the House
of Representatives, granting the right of way to
the St. Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad Com-
pany, which had been passed by the Senate, with
an amendment, has been returned from the House,
with an amendment to the Senate amendment, to
insert the following as an additional section:
"Sf.c. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the right of
wav Shall be, and hereby is, granted to the Alleghany Val-
ley'Railroad Company, for the road of said company over
and across the ground of the United States, at and near the
Alleghany Arsenal, in the county of Alleghany, and State
of Pennsylvania: Provided. That the route of said railroad
across said ground shall b« approved by the Secretary of
War before the same is entered upon for the purpose of con-
structing said railroad: Andjiroviilcd further, That the same
can be granted without detriment to the public interest in
the opinion of the Secretary of War."
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate con-
curred in the amendment.
REORGANIZATION OF THE NAVY.
The bill to reorganize the Navy of the United
States was read a third time.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to amend the first section of the bill, relating
to the number and grades of officers, in the clause
" two hundred and fifty midshipmen; and also the
acting midshipmen at the Naval Academy," by
striking out the words " and also the acting mid-
shipmen at the Naval Academy," which have no
place in the bill properly. It was agreed by the
Naval Committees of the Senate and House that
they should be taken out. The effeet will be to
reduce the number. I therefore ask the unani-
mous consent to strike them out.
There was no objection. The bill was then
passed.
THE FISHERIES.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to reg-
ulate the rights of fishing, and the rights of dis-
posing of the proceeds of the fisheries in and between
the British North American Provinces and the
United States; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely observe that I am
unwilling that this session should be brought to a
close without some attempt to effect the object
intended by that bill. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and if it is not
regularly in order to print it now, I hope it will
be printed by unanimous consent, so that Sena-
tors may see it.
The PRESIDENT. It will be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and printed, if not ob-
jected to.
There was no objectiijfc.
TREASURY REPORT.
Mr. HUNTER. Some timeago, when the order
was made for printing the extra copies of the
report on the finances of the country, we omitted
to make the usual order of one thousand for the
use of the Department. My attention has been
called to that; and 1 now make the motion that
one thousand additional copies of the report be
printed for the use of the Treasury Department.
The motion was agreed to.
- IMPROVEMENT OF THE ARMY.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the bill to im-
prove the efficiency of the Army of the United
States;
The bill to improve the efficiency of the artil-
lery;
The bill to repeal the several acts organizing the
staff departments of the Army therein mentioned,
and to provide for the discharge of the duties
thereof by a detail of officers of the line;
The joint resolution concerning the national de-
fenses;
And Senate bill No. 594; were taken up for
consideration, and then postponed to, and made
the special order for, Saturday next, the 12th in-
stant.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that when the de-
ficiency bill comes up for consideration, I shall
move an additional section, as an amendment, to
it, which I ask may be informally laid on the table
and printed.
RAILROAD IN ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider House bill " granting the right of way and
• making a grant of land to the States of Arkansas
' and Missouri, to aid in the construction of a
' railroad from a point on the Mississippi, opposite
j ' the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to
; 'the Texas boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas,
| ' with branches to Fort Smith and the Mississippi
j ' river."
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. When the railroad bills,
j which passed the Senate and went to the other
i House, were before the Committee on Public
j Lands, I voted for them, and voted for them in
the Senate. It is known to the members of the
I Senate that I endeavored at the commencement of
