1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
of the House to present a bill. I wish to state to
the House, in a few words, that the bill I propose .
to introduce, is to change the name of the steam-
boat Forest City to that of Bay City. The own-
ers of the boat wish to put her upon the route
between Detroit and Sandusky City, which cannot
be done without a change of the name. I hope
there will be no objection, as navigation is soon to
open, and this change should be made immedi-
ately.
No objection being made, the bill was intro-
duced, and read a first and second time by its title,
as follows:
"An acl to change tlie name of the steamboat Forest
City."
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
On motion by Mr. MACE, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of Aan A. Allen,
for the purpose of returning them to the petitioner.''
Mr. GOODENOW. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up and pass Senate
bill No. 224, to amend an act to extend the pro-
visions of an act entitled " An act for the relief of >
' the widows and orphansof the United States offi-
' cers, seamen, and marines, of the United States
' schooner Grampus."
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the report of the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. GOODENOW. I do not understand the
gentleman from Virginia to object to my proposi-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Certainly his call for the
regular order of business is an objection.
Mr. GOODENOW. I appeal to thegentleman
from Virginia to allow the bill to be taken up.
Mr. LETCHER. The objection has to come
from Rome source, and I think it may as well
come from this quarter as any other.
Mr. GORMAN. I withdraw the motion here-
tofore made to recommit the bill reported from the
Committee on Printing, and will say to the House
that if there is any member who desires to offer
an amendment to the bill, I will allow them to
come in before I call the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. How does the
gentleman propose to fill the blanks in the bill?
Mr. GORMAN. The blanks relate to the
number of copies, and can be filled by the Senate.
The committee have filled the blanks pertaining
to the House with ten thousand copies.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask that the bill be read.
Mr. GORMAN. I hope the joint resolution
will be read, as gentlemen desire it.
The resolution was then read, as follows: ,
Resolved bp the Senate and House of Representatives '
of the United Statei of America in Congress assembled,
That the " returns of the Seventh Census," as required to
be taken under the provisions of the act entitled "An act
providing for taking the seventh and subsequent censuses
of the United States," &c., approved May 23, 1850, and
the act bUpplement^ry to the same, approved August 30,
1850, and nothing more nor less than the returns so ordered
to be taken, bp printed by the public printer; and that there
be printed, in addition to the number of public documents
usually ordered by each House, ten thousand copies for the
use of the Flouse of Representatives, and thousand
copies for the use of the Senate : Provided, That the cost
of composition for plain matter shall not exceed the sum of
sixty-two and a half cents per thousand ems, the cost of
composition fortabular statements shall not exceed the sum
of seventy cents per thousand ems, and the cost of press-
work fhuil not exceed the sum of cents per thousand
quarto pages.
Resolved further, That the entire work hereinbefore or-
dered shall be printed in a compact quarto form, upon paper
measuring not less than twenty-six by thirty-eight inches,
weighing forty-eight pounds to the ream of four hundred
and eighty sheets, and of the quality now used for the extra
copies of documents ordered to be printed by Congress; the
type to be u«ed to be brevier, except for the headings oFthe
several columns of the tabular statements, the notes, and
such table* as will not appear to advantage in brevier,
which «hall be printed in nonpareil; and that, in all other
respects, except those hereinbefore specified, the work shall
be executed according to the provisions of the act entitled
"An act providing for executing the public printing, and
establishing the prices thereof, and for other purposes,"
approved August twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two.
Resolved further, That the binding of the work herein-
before mentioned shall be executed under the direction of
the respective Committees on Printing for eaeb House, and ;
shall be paid for out of the contingent fund of the two Houses '
of Congress, as is now prescribed by law. i
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order- 1
I ing the joint resolution to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. How does the
gentleman propose to fill the blank in reference to
the price of press-work ?
Mr. GORMAN. That will depend upon the
number of copies ordered. The prices are fixed
by law. It is so much for ten thousand copies,
and after that a discount up to twenty thousand,
and a still further discount for all over that
amount.
Mr. STEPHENS. How much is the compo-
sition ?
Mr. GORMAN. As the bill now stands it is
sixty-two and a Half cents per thousand ems for
plain matter, and seventy cents for rule and fig-
ure. But the priceof the press-work will depend
upon the number of copies which may be ordered
by the Senate. If they order ten thousand more
copies, the price of the press-work will be less
than if ten thousand only are ordered; and if they
order twenty thousand the blank will be filled
with a still less sum.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
suggests that he has an amendment to offer, and I
yield the floor to allow him to do so; before I sit
down, however, I shall call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. TJJie amendment can be so
offered only by unanimous consent. It is compe-
tent for the gentleman from Indiana himself [Mr.
Gorman] to offer an amendment and call for the
previous question.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to offer an
amendment if I am not to be allowed to explain it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair made the remark
in order to save the rights of other members.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the gentleman from In-
diana intend to make a speech ?
Mr. GORMAN. I do no.t intend to make a
speech at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object most decidedly to the
mode of legislation, by which important measures
are brought before this House,and pressed through
under the previous question, without the House
knowing anything about them, and with no op-
portunity for debate. Such legislation is disgrace-
ful in the last degree to the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. GORMAN. I hope the gentleman does
not mean to say that I would do anything dis-
graceful to the House of Representatives ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all. I refer to the mode
of legislation.
Mr. GORMAN. All I have to say is, that this
subject of public printing has been before this j
House again and again. I have no disposition to !
suppress debate, and I now give notice to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, and every other gentleman,
that if there be objection to my calling the pre-
vious question, I shall not do so.
Mr. V EN ABLE. I do not wish the gentleman
to call the previous question.
Mr. GORMAN. Very well, then, I shall not
do it, but shall let gentlemen discuss the resolution;
but perhaps it is due to the House that I should
make a brief explanation of the bill, as the com-
mittee understand it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it is due to the House
that the gentleman should explain the bill. I do
object to a measure coming from a committee be-
ing pressed through the House without discussion,
or even a statement of the objects of the bill from
the committee.
Mr. GORMAN. There is before the House a
written report on the subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to pro-
pound an interrogatory to the gentleman.
Mr. GORMAN. Permit me to make a state-
ment of the facts of the case, and I will yield to
any inquiry.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I merely desire to know
of the gentleman whether these reports will be
printed during the present session? and, if they be
not printed during the present session, whether
the members of the present Congress will be en-
titled to their distribution ?
Mr. GORMAN. If they be ordered by the
present Congress the members of thepresent Con-
gress will be entitled to their distribution. If they
be not ordered until the next Congress, the mem-
bers of the present Congress will not be entitled
to that distribution. That, I believe, is a com- I
plete answer to the gentleman's interrogatory.
I Mr. CAMPBELL. I am satisfied with the
gentleman's reply.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] to
the fact, that the provisions of the joint resolution
now under consideration are based entirely upon
the prices now paid to the public printer under the
law. For the purpose of placing before the coun-
try a statement of those prices, I ask that the letter
I have received from the Superintendent of Public
Printing be read at the Clerk's desk.
The letter was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Office Superintendent Public Printiko, )
February 5, lfr53. i
Sir: In reply to your note of this moriiinz making the
inquiry " whether there is anything in the prices filed l>v
law for the public printing which would form a correct ba-
sis for printing the census in quarto form," I have to state,
that so far as the composition is concerned the priccs are
those fixed by the present law. The price for press-work
is arrived at by making eight quarto pages equal to sixteen
octavo pages, which,so far as the costot' printing the census
is concerned, is the true basis under that law; and in an-
swer to the further inquiry " whether the bill now before
the House corre.-ponds to those prices," I have to state
that they do, as explained above.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOHN T. TOWERS,
Superintendent Pullic Printing.
Hon. \V. A. Gorman, House of Representatives.
Mr. GORMAN, (resuming.) By the resolution
which passed this body a few days ago, the Com-
mittee on Printing were directed to inquire and to
report to the House with regard to the propriety
of publishing the Seventh Census, what it wouW
cost per copy under the prices now given by law
to tlie public printer, and what it would cost if
printed elsewhere. When that resolution passed
it was understood to be an advertisement to the
country—because it went into all the newspapers
—for bids to be sent to the committee. Accord-
ingly, several publishers have submitted formal
, bids for the execution of the work. Lippincott,
Grambo & Co., of the city of Philadelphia, have
made bids, which bids are in full set forth in the
report of the committee.
That firm, it will be found by a reference to the
figures in the report, propose to execute the print-
ing of ten thousand copies of one thousand pages
each of statistical matter for $22,000, while for
the same number of copies of the same number of
pages the public printer would get, according to
the calculation of the Superintendent of the Pub-
lic Printing, including the cost to the Government
for paper, $19,163. The Superintendent declares
that his calculations are correct to a mill. Of
course this is left to the judgment of members. It
cannot be expected that I should be in possession
of all the technicalities and peculiar customs of
those engaged in this art. I might study a year
before I could make myself thoroughly acquaint-
ed with the manner in which these printers calcu-
late. But the calculations I shall present with
i reference to the public printing are made by the
Superintendent who has been appointed under the
law of the last session.
I will now make a comparison between the kids
of Lippincott, Grambo & Co., and the price of
the public printer under the law. Lippincott,
Grambo & Co., propose to print ten thousand
copies for $22,000. The price of the public prin-
ter (which includes the paper) would be $19,163.
That firm propose to print twenty thousand copies
for $36,400, whilst for the printing of the same
number General Armstrong would receive under
his contract $32,564—less the amount paid by the
Government for the paper. Subsequent to the
opening of the bids and the publication of this
joint resolution, and the fixing of the prices, I have
received another bid from the firm of Lippincott,
Grambo & Co., to execute this job for §400 less
than the price of the public printer. Those gen-
tlemen in that bid offer to do th  composition and
press-work of ten thousand copies for $9,712. The
paper for that number of copies, it is estimated,
would cost $9,077, and the price of the public
printer being $19,163, it will be seen that this bid
is less by $400.
Before the committee reported this joint resolu-
tion, a gentleman came into the committee room
and stated that he had a bid to make. I stated to
him that I would not submit the report until the
latter part of the day if he would submit his bid
previous to twelve o'clock. He said that he would
do so. We waited. W he did not come in with
his bid until after the bids of Lippincott, Grambo
& Co., and th* statement of the Superintendent
