524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
printer. They are said to be experienced and re-
sponsible men, who know their business and the
profits they will realize, and are capable of fulfilling
faithfully any oblisation they may assume. But,
bef.ire I proceed farther, I will read the amend-
ment to which I have referred, and which I de-
signed to offer if I can have an opportunity.
Mr. MEADE. Are the gentleman's remarks
in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks they are
in order. The gentleman in his explanation can
say what he intends to do by and by.
Mr. MEADE. It is a strange explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky did say that he had such a proposition to
offer, and he proposed at the proper time to offer it.
Mr. STANLY. What trouble can there be
about it? I yielded the floor to one who knows
more about it than I do. What is the difficulty?
The SPEAKER. The Chair sees no difficulty
in the explanation at all.
Mr. STANTON. I hope I shall now be al-
lowed to proceed. Let me remind gentlemen that
the resolution of the House referring the subject
of printing the census returns to the committee,
required us to ascertain what the cost would be if
the work should be done by the public printer,
and whether it could be done cheaper elsewhere.
The object was to effect a saving. The work is
one of magnitude, in which economy might well
form an important consideration. These gentle-
men of the firm of Parrish & Co., saw the resolu-
tion, learned the nature of the inquiry to be made
by the committee, came to this city, and at the ear-
liest moment presented their proposition. I know
nothing of them peTsonally. They are said to be
responsible men by those who do know them, and
have presented to the House through the commit-
tee a fair bid, which is now in the hands of the
chairman, [Mr. Gorman.] The table which I read
to the House in the early part of the day, shows
in contrast the three bids, those of Lippincott &
Co., the public printer, and Parrish & Co. It is
proper here to remark, that I understand the bid
of Lippincott & Co. to include the binding, which
is excluded in the other bids, and will cost not less
than fifty cents per volume. This will reduce the
cost, according to tlreir prices, below that of the
public printer, but not so low as that of Parrish
& Co.
The offer of Parrish & Co. is thirty-one per
cent, below that of Lippincott & Co., as it now
stands, and twenty-seven per cent, below the
prices of the public printer. If we adopt the
price1? of Parrish & Co. as those we are willing to
pay for this work, a saving will be effected upon
ten thousand copies of the statistics in one volume,
of $4,-163. If we determine to publish ten thou-
sand copies of the historical and statistical matter
in two volumes, we shall save $7,276. If we in-
crease the number to twenty thousand copies, the
saving will be §3,879. This is the result as shown
by a comparison of the prices of Parrish & Co.
and those fixed in the joint resolution for the pub-
lic printer. I do not wish to pay more for the
work than a reasonable sum, and I do not wish tij
deprive the public printer of the right to do it.
He can execute it in jood style and promptly, and
the amendment which I shall now read, and which
I intend to offer, proposes to give him five per
cent, more thnn the prices of Parrish & Co. It
reads thus:
"Strike nut after the words'cost of,' and insert the fol-
lowing: Composition, press work, and paper, shall not ex-
ceed more than five per cent, the prices mentioned in the
proposition of Parrish, Dunning, Mears & Co., submitted
to the Committee on Printing; and in the event the public
printer ^hall not be willing to execute ^aid work for said
Sricen and five per cent, added thereto, then said Parri«h,
lunmnsr. Mears &. Co. shall be authorized to execute the
same, upon the term* of their bid, upon giving bond, with
good security, for the prompt and faithful completion of
said work, and it= delivery without cost to the Government,
to the Superintendent of Public Printing in this city."
It will be seen that I do not propose to take the
work from the public printer, but to require him
to do it for five per cent, more than these gentle- j
men ask. This, in view of the character of the j
work, which, in the technical language of printers,
is all ''fat matter," is, in my judgment, a liberal !
price, and ought to satisfy gentlemen on all sides. !
Before I resume my sent, I will, with thefurther
indulgence of the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] whose time I am con-
suming, refer to a serious objection to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] which has not been alluded to in this
j debate. If I understand the amendment, it simply
provides that the work shall be done by the pub-
; lie printer, for the prices established by the law
; regulating the subject of printing. Now, gentle-
men will see the uncertainty in which the cost of
i the work will be involved when I refer them to
i the fact that the prices fixed by that law do not
apply to some portion of that description of work
to be done in publishing the census returns. If
the prices established by that act applied to such
printing as we are nowabout to order, there would
have been no necessity for the committee to name
in the resolution the prices to be paid. By re-
ferring to the resolution, it will be seen that the
committee names the prices to be paid for compo-
sition, and leaves blank the price of the press-
work. Why is this, if the prices fixed by law
for this kind of printing are certain—so certain
that they may be merely referred to, as proposed
by the amendment of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi? [Mr. Brown.] The truth is, they are not
certain; but I am not sure that I can clearly ex-
plain the matter. The prices for press-work pro-
vided in the existing law refer to a particular sized
page—royal octavo. The page to be adopted for
! the census returns is, I believe, royal quarto. One
is more than twice as large as the other. I sup-
pose, although a form of one sized pages would
be as large as a form of the other, it would require
more care and a slower process to do the press-
work neatly of a form with quarto pages than with
octavo, and hence the price should be higher. The
usual Congressional printing is done upon royal
octavo pages, and the prices paid by law were
predicated upon work of that description. When
that law was passed, the census printing was ex-
pressly excluded from its provisions, and authority
reserved to Congress to have it executed as it
might please thereafter.
Now, if you adopt the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] and
order the work to be done at prices fixed by the
law, you leave the whole matter as regards the
press-work at the discretion of the Superintendent.
The law furnishes no guide for him, because it
does not fix certainly the price. He can only ap-
proximate the prices established by law, by allow-
ing, in the accounts of the public printer, prices
analogous to those fixed for the press-work of
other sized pages. What latitude does this allow
for trouble between the printer and the Superin-
i tendent ? They may differ as to what should be
allowed under so uncertain a provision of the law,
and this House may be required at a future day
to interpose and settle the matter by extra allow-
ances or relief. The resolution of the committee
is infinitely preferable as it now stands, because it
proposes to fix the prices with certainty, and to
leave no room in the future for cavil or dispute.
Tke price of the press-work maybe controlled,
too, to some extent, by the number of copies or-
dered to be published. It will, perhaps, be less if
a large number is ordered, than it would be if a
smaller one only is required. It is for this reason
that the blank in the resolution is left, to be filled
by the Senate when that body shall have determ-
ined the number of copies it will order for the
use of its members. Whether the amendment
I design to offer sIir.11 be adopted or not, I shall,
for the reasons I have stated, vote against the
amendment now pending.
Mr. STANLY. I should be glad if the gen-
tleman from Kentucky would allow me to offer
his amendment, as I have the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly, I will do so.
Mr. STANLY. I suppose it is in order to
offer an amendment, to perfect the part which the
gentleman from Mississippi proposes to strike
out, before the question is taken on his amend-
ment. I will therefore offer the amendment which
the gentleman from Kentucky has read—he will
still have the credit of it—and I hope it will be
adopted by the House. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, which will be
found above, in Mr. Stanton's remarks.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. 1
understand that there is an amendment already
pending, to strike out and insert. The amendment
now offered by thegentleman from North Carolina
is also a proposition to strikeout and insert. Can
two amendments of that description be pending at
a time ?
The SPEAKER pro tern. The Chair will re-
I! mark to the gentleman from South Carolina, that
j i the same difficulty presented itself to his mind, but
j! it will be seen, upon examination, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
| Stanly] proposes to strike out a portion only of
what thegentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
' proposes to strike out, and therefore, the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina is in
order, as perfecting the resolution as it stands,
before the question is put on the motion of the
gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. ORR. But does not the amendment of
the gentleman from North Carolina contemplate
striking out the very same words as are proposed
to be stricken out by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi?
The SPEAKER pro tem. Not all of them.
Mr. ORR. Well, a portion of them?
The SPEAKER pro tem. Only a portion of
them, and therefore it is in order.
Mr. STANLY. The House will observe that
the paper which 1 referred to, when I commenced
my remarks, corresponds with the paper which
the gentleman from Kentucky has presented from
the Committee on Printing, and I am, therefore,
confirmed in what I said relative to the state of
facts. By adopting this amendment, and giving
the contract to Parrish, Dunning & Mears, we
' shall save, if we print ten thousand copies of the
statistics only, $4,463; if we print ten thousand
copies of the statistics and historical matter in two
volumes, we shall save $7,276; and if we print
twenty thousand copies, we shall save $8,879.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understood
the chairman of the Committee on Printing to
say that the bid of Parrish & Co. did not include
the cost of carriage from Philadelphia here, and
that that item would increase the amount very
considerably.
Mr. STANLY. I understand that these gen-
tlemen—Parrish & Co.—will deliver the work
here without its costing the Government anything
for carriage. They have a letter here which states
that fact. The gentleman from Indiana is there-
fore mistaken.
Mr. GORMAN. The proposition made to me
expressly excluded transportation. I donot know
what letters gentlemen may have, but the propo-
sition made to me officially, yesterday, after the
report was made, did exclude transportation.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If thegentle-
man refers to the original bid, he will see that he
is mistaken.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The greatest
objection I have to this proposition of Parrish,
Dunning & Mears, is this: It is true that they say
they will do this work at a saving to the Govern-
ment of over $4,000 on the first ten thousand
copies, one volume, but there is no guarantee how
many volumes they will print. There is the point.
You have the work done here by the public printer;
it will be done under the supervision of the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing, according to his
calculations, and he will be responsible for it.
These men from Philadelphia say they will print
a volume for so much less than the public printer
will do it for. But how many volumes will they
print ? Will they compress the work, as the Su-
perintendent shows us it can be done?
Mr. STANLY. I suppose the work will bfe
done under his eye,
Mr. STEPHENS. We cannot have the Su-
perintendent running backward and forward be-
tween here and Philadelphia, at a cost to the Gov-
ernment (as it must be) greater than the supposi-
tive saving. These men may print half as much
on a page as the Superintendent would make the
public printer do. There is the difficulty. Their
proposition is entirely too indefinite.
JMr. STANLY. This much is very obvious:
that the Committee on Printing disagree about
these propositions and the effect of them. Now,
is this House to throw away $8,000 if the work
can be as well done for less ? Is it not proper that
we should have a little more investigation into the
matter, since the Committee on Printing do not
agree? If this proposition does not suit the House,
is it not our duty to ourselves and to those whom
we represent, to refer it back to the committee
that they may make it more correct ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I think we have had this
subject up long enough. We may spend more
money in the time devoted to this question than
$8,000. One day here must cost nearly $8,000.
