1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
I think we have approximated as near to a correct
decision as we shall do if we devote another day
to it.
Mr. STANLY. Well, I hope if the House do
not refer tins matter back to the Committee on
Printing, they will decide in favor of the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky—a member
of the committee.
Mr. ORR. 1 rise more for the purpose of seek-
ing information than for the purpose of communi-
cating it. The House will remember that some
three or four days ago the Committee on Printing
submitted a report and a joint resolution, which
resolution we are now considering. 1 desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Indiana—the chair-
man of the committee—whether the Committee on
Printing were unanimous, or how they were di-
vided, in reporting that resolution ?
Mr. GORMAN. So far as the Committee on
Printing, on the part of the House of Representa-
tives, were concerned, they were unanimous.
Mr. ORR. In favor of reporting the joint res-
olution 5
Mr. GORMAN. Yes, sir, in reporting that
resolution.
Mr. ORR. For the purpose of givingthe House
the necessary time to examine this subject, the
consideration of the report was postponed until to-
day, and the joint resolution and report were or-
dered to be printed. They have been printed.
Now, it seems, an amendment is started suddenly
on the House by parties who came in after the
original bids were printed; and they ask to be al-
lowed the printing of this work on such and such
conditions. Their proposition has not been printed
at all, and we do not know what they propose.
Now, the same difficulty suggested itself to my
mind that suggested itself to the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] with regard to this joint
resolution, and I called on the chairman to give us
a solution of it. It is this: Why was it necessary
to fix the prices in this joint resolution, if it was
proposed to pay the public printer only the con-
tract prices? The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Gorman] took it upon himself to go to the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing, an officer whom
you have created, appointed by a Whig Presi-
dent, and a Whig himself, and submits these
questions to him. The Superintendent writes a
letter answering these inquiries, and the gentleman
from Indiana has read that letter to the House,
showing the reasons why it was necessary to fix
ihe prices which are contained in this bill; and
what are they? Why, simply this: Under the
contract for the public printing, there were no
prices fixed for printing quarto books. They were
all for octavo work; and it was necessary, there-
fore, that the prices should be specified, in order to
make it appear that the committee were not pay-
ing too much for the work executed in this quarto
form.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. If my friend
from South Carolina will permit me to interrupt
him? does he call this specimen copy a quarto
volume?
Mr. ORR. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. Then the Superintendent of
the Public Printing is mistaken somewhere, be-
cause he reports in the letter which I have read,
that according to the contract with Armstrong, a
quarto volume of that size could be printed for so
much money; but how he could arrive at that con-
clusion consistent with the statement the gentle-
man from South Carolina has just made, I cannot
undertake to say.
Mr. ORR. I will read the letter, and I ask the
attention of the gentleman and the House to it. I
can easily understand how the misunderstanding
between the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brows] and the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing could arise. The Superintendent, in making
his calculation of the prices as fixed by existing
law for executing the public printing, has carried
out the spirit of the contract fixed by that law. In
the calculation of his table of prices for quarto
work, he has made them twice what the joint reso-
lution makes them foroctavo work—that is, he has
assimilated two pages of octavo to one of quarto—
and that is a fair computation. That is carrying <
out the spirit of the law, though it says nothing,
in terms, of quarto printing. The Superintendent,
in reply to an inquiry addressed to him by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] says:
quiry whether there is anything in the prices fixed by law
forthe public printing winch would form a correct basis-for
printing tilt' census in a quarto form, I have to state, that so
far as Die composition is concerned, the prices are those
tixed by the present law. The price ot press-work is ar-
rived at by making eight quarto pages equal to Mxtcen
octavo pages, which is, so far as the cost of printing the
census is concerned, tiie true basis under that law; and in
answer to the further inquiry, whether the bill now before
the House corresponds with those prices, I have to stala
that they do, as explained above.*'
That was
a sufficient and satisfactory expla-
nation to my mind; and I have no doubt if the gen-
tleman from Mississippi understands the expla-
nation as I now do, it will be satisfactory to him.
All I want in passing this bill is, to have the prices
not extravagant, but to conform them as iieai" as
possible to the present contract prices which you
have stipulated to pay your public printer. The
Superintendent having reported officially to the
House that the prices fixed in this joint resolution
• are in conformity with the existing law, I am will-
ing to receive it as an indisputable fact; and if it
should hereafter turn out to be untrue, the respon-
sibility will be on the Superintendent of Printing.
He is certainly more competent to determine the
prices upon calculation than any member of the
House; and if he misleads the House—and I have
no idea that he would attempt any such thing—
then the responsibility is placed on'his shoulders,
where it should be.
As to the amendments that have been offered to
this bill, I do not think they ought to be adopted.
The Committee on Printing have investigated the
subject,and have received propositions from vari-
ous sources, and those propositions indicate that
your public printer, an officer of the Government,
who has discharged the functions of his office
with fidelity, and in a more satisfactory manner
than the same duties have been performed for
years past, is ready and willing to do the work.
That committee has submitted their report to this
House, and it has been ascertained that the prices
proposed to be given the public printer are lower
than any other, or at least as low as they should
be to insure a faithful execution of the work to be
printed. But now another firm come here and say
they will save the Government §4,000 or $5,000.
A Member. Yes, and after securing the job
by low bidding, come to Congress hereafter for
remuneration.
Mr. ORR. Certainly. If you give them the
printing, and then let them go on and execute it
at the prices they propose, and lose ten, twenty,
or thirty thousand dollars, what would be the re-
sult ? Why, you will find them knocking at the
doors of Congress and elbowing members for the
purpose of inducing them to give remuneration
for the losses sustained.
Mr. STANLY. Will my friend allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to know if the gen-
tleman who executes this printing, at the prices
named in the resolution of the committee, snould
lose ten, twenty, or thirty thousand dollars by
the operation, whether he will not be elbowing
the members and knocking at the doors of Con-
gress for remuneration ?
Mr. ORR. I do not know. I cannot answer
that question; but if he does, my friend from
North Carolina understands my connection with
applications of that sort well enough to know that
I would not vote for any such remuneration.
Mr. STANLY. I spoke of the parties them-
selves, and not of the gentleman from South Car-
olina. They will both want as much more money
as they can get, of course.
Mr. ORR. It is proper that I should avail my-
self of this occasion also, in connection with there-
marks of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gor-
man] as to the construction which has been placed
upon the act passed at the close of the last session
of Congress, by the Superintendent of the Public
Printing,—I allude to that section which provides
that where the number of copies of any document
shall exceed twenty thousand, there snail be a re-
duction of forty per cent,—it will be remembered
by the House, that when that law was under dis-
cussion in the House during the last session, the
original bill provided a reduction of twenty per
cent, where the number of copies should exceed
twenty thousand ; an amendment was offered by
myself, providing that the reduction in that case
should be forty per cent. Now it was my under-
" In reply to your note of ttii« morning making the in- I ■ standing, as I am sure it was of three fourths, in-
if , say every member of the House,
that this reduction of forty per cent, should not
commence until the first twenty thousand copies
were printed, but that upon all the copies over
that number, a reduction of forty per cent, should
be made.
Several Members. That is right. *
Mr. GORMAN. Will the gentleman from
(south Carolina state to the House what is the
construction put upon this provision by the Su-
perintendent the Public Printing? I know what
is the construction the gentleman puts upon it
himself, and, in my opinion, it is the only one
which can legitimately be put upon the law.
Mr. ORR. I understand the Superintendent
puts this construction upon the law, and it is a very
inconsistent, if not absurd construction: When
Congress orders, for example, thirty thousand
copies of any document to be printed, he com-
mences with copy number one, and makes a de-
duction of forty percent, upon the whole number;
whereas, according to the law, or at least accord-
ing to the intention of those who framed that
law and introduced that amendment, the printer
should be paid the full prices, according: to the
scale under the law, for the first twenty thousand,
and that a reduction of forty per cent, should take
place for all beyond that number.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to occupy the time
of the House for but a single moment, and merely
for explanation. The gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Gorman,] in the course of his remarks, re-
ferred to the prices paid to apprentices in the
printing offices in Philadelphia. Now, sir, I do
not desire to speak at all upon the merits of the
bill before the House,because it would be detain-
ing the House unprofitably and unnecessarily, for
I take it for granted that every member has his
mind made up, and can vote intelligibly upon it;
but I desire to correct an error in the statement
made by that gentleman, in point of fact, so for as
the custom in relation to the pay of apprentices
is concerned. The apprentice system, or what
used to be called the two-thirds system, does not
now prevail to any extent. Such was the custom,
but it has been almost entirely abandoned.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I want to know what that subject
has to do with the bill before the House ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish merely to explain
this statement.
Mr. HARRIS. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair hardly
thinks the gentleman is in order.
Mr. ORR. One word more as to the construction
given by the Superintendent of the Public Printing
to the clause of the act which we passed the last
session, deducting forty per cent, upon all over
twenty thousand copies of any document, when
more than that number are ordered. Now, sup-
pose you order twenty thousand copies of a doc-
ument the cost of which shall be $10,000; if you
were to order thirty thousand copies of the same
work, the printer would receive but $8,000 for
them. That is precisely the construction put upon
this act. The printer actually receives less for
thirty thousand copies than he does for twenty
thousand. This matter of construction, if it was
not the intention of Congress to ruin the public
printer,must be remedied,and the Superintendent
should construe it according to the intention of its
framersas now stated. In accordance with what I
believe is the wish of the House, 1 now move the
previous question.
[Cries of" That's right!"]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being upon the adoption of
Mr. Stanly's amendment—
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays;
but a sufficient number did not second the call.
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers upon the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered; and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of Mr. Brown's amendment.
A Member. Is there not a blank in the original
resolution yet to fill ?
Mr. GORMAN. It is necessary to know how
many the Senate are going to print before that
blank can be filled.
