526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
The question was then taken, and Mr. Brown's
amendment was disagreed to.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time,and having been engrossed,
it was read a third time.
Mr. ORR. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the resolution,
and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis of
Indiana, and Eastman were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers
reported 32 in the affirmative—-deemed to be a
sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 117, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, John Ap-
pleton, Bartlett, Beale, Bra?g, Brenton, Briggs, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Clemens, Cobb, Darby,
George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dnn-
mick". Doty, Duncan, Eastman. Edgerton, Faulkner, Fick-
Hn, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodenow,
Gorman, Grow, Hall,l-ham G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Hollada*, Horsford, Hous
ton, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Inger-
soil, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, John Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson. George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Letcher,
Mace, Mann, McCorkle, McDonald, McLanahan, McMul-
len, Meacham, Meade, Miller, MUlson, Molony, Henry
D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Murphy,
Murray, Nabers, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn,
Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Powell, Preston, Price,
Riddle, Robinson, Ross, Russell, Sabine, Schermerhorn,
Schoonmaker, Scurry, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart,
Smith, Snow, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Alexander H. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratlon, Stuart,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Thurston, Venable, Watkins, Wil-
cox, and Wildrick—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averett, David J.
Bailey, Bell, Bennett, Bowne, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
Clingman, Colcock, Conger, Dockery, Evans, Ewing,
Floyd, Harper, Landry, Mason, McQueen, Newton, Out-
law, Penniman, Saekett, Schoolcraft, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Taylor, Toombs, Wallace, Washburn, Welch,
Woodward, and Yates.—34.
So the resolution was passed,
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. There was a House bill sent down
from the Senate this morning, with an amendment
in reference to the Territory of Oregon. I ask
that it may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and printed,
so that it can be taken up on Tuesday and Wed-
nesday, which are set aside for the consideration
of territorial business.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. A very im-
portant bill in relation to warehouses has come
down from the Senate this morning. It ought to
be referred to the Committee on Commerce, and I
hope there will be no objection to its being taken
up and so referred.
Mr. STANLY. I object, because I am opposed
to the bill as it now stands.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House ad-
journed until Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. St. MARTIN: The petition of Edward G. Fitch,
praying Congress to buy, for the use of the Navy, his patent
rij bt for an apparatus for saving life and preventing persons
from drowning.
By Mr. DARBY : The petition of M. S. Cowe, Peter D.
Papiu, and Catharine Papin, praying for an act to authorize
them to locate land which has been confirmed to P. L.
Cowe, and entered at the land office by others who now
cluim the same.
ANo, the petition of Corwin Watson, of Missouri, for a
national road.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of Isaiah !
Kirk and 6U other citizens along the route, praying fora post
road from the mouth of Red river, in Louisiana, via Burr's ,
Ferry, to Hunt«vil!e, Texan.
By Mr. STANTON, of Ohio: The petition of sundry
citizens of Hardin county, Ohio, graving the establishment
of a post route from Marysville,in Unioncounty,Ohio, via '
Mt. Victory, Kenfon, and Mt. Washington, in Hardin !
county; th<nce down Eagle creek, to Findlay, in Hancock 1
couniy, Ohio. j
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The memorial of sundry |
citizens of the city of New York, in aid of the petition of
Afden & Eddy, for a donation of land by Congress, for
building a telegraph line from the Atlantic to the Pacific
ocean
By Mr. ASHE: Theinemorial of B. A. Janvier, William
R. Mathews, and others, clerks employed in the Treasury
Department, praying Congress to pass a law granting to
them the percentage so generously granted at the las>t ses-
sion.
. By Mr. HENDRTCKS : The joint resolution of the State
of Indiana, instructing the members of Congress from that
State to favor the passage of a law to grant lands to actual
settlers.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 7, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate for informa-
tion as to the quantity and kind of coal contracted
for by that Department or its agents; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have been
requested to presenta memorial of John W. Smith,
of the State of Maine, and other officers of the war
of 1812, and the various wars of the United States
in which they have been engaged, asking that
bounty land may be granted to all who have sur-
vived those wars. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have also
been requested to present the memorial of the
owners of the schooner Union, of Sedgewick and
Brooklyn, Maine, who represent that she com-
pleted within nine days the time of fishing which
would have entitled her to a bounty, and that she
was then seized by the British forces, unlawfully
and unjustifiably condemned,and sold. They ask
that the bounty provided by law be granted. I
move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
It was so referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have also a memorial from
the same parties, giving a detailed account of the
seizure of the vessel Union, and the evidence
upon which she was finally confiscated, showing
that she was sold before she was legally con-
demned, and when she had not violated any of the
provisions of the treaty stipulations between us
and Great Britain. They ask that our Govern-
ment may remunerate them. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
i It was so referred.
I Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of laborers
lately employed on the addition to the Capitol,
praying to be paid for the time lost by them in
consequence of the suspension of the work for an
i examination under an order of the House of Rep-
resentatives; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings.
Also,a petition of citizens of Washington, pray-
ing the removal of the Franklin engine house to
a more suitable location, and the improvement of
the public square upon which it now stands;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of merchants
and ship-owners of New York, praying that the
same facilities which are given to steamers in
unloading may be extended to sailing vessels;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BADGER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina in favor of an ap-
propriation for improving the channel at the mouth
of Cape Fear river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of John M.
Gilbert, praying that Delaware avenue, in Wash-
ington city, may not be opened through certain
squares owned by him; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WELLER. I ask leave to present the
memorial of Stanislaus Henrisz, in which he states
that he was employed for many years as interpret-
er to the American legation in China, and thus
had an opportunity of thoroughly studying the
Chinese language. Now, that our proximity to
that empire, with a population of three hundred
I millions, has brought us in contact with them,
and thousands of their people are seeking bread on
our shores, it has become a matter of necessity
that our people and the Chinese should be able,
readily and easily, to communicate with each
other. He says that, in order to remove the diffi-
culties which have heretofore existed, he has pre-
pared a work of about two hundred and fifty
pages in the English and Chineselanguages, which,
for all the ordinary purposes of life, will enable
the people of both countries, in a very short time,
to converse with each other. He says that the
printing of the characters, with the explanations of
their sound and meaning, will cause a very great
expenditure, and one too large for one individual,
relying entirely on his own limited means, to
bear. As this work is eminently national, and
destined to be of immense advantage to the peo-
ple of California and Oregon, where there are now
some fifty thousand Chinese, and as the whole
commercial community of the United States will
be benefited by the publication of the work, he
prays Congress to authorize a subscription to a
sufficient number of copies to cover the cost of its
publication. I move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPER REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of War, made
at the last session of Congress, on the claims of the civil
officers appointed by the military governor of New Mexi-
co, be referred to the Committee on Finance.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a joint resolution providing
for the printing and binding of the returns of the
Seventh Census.
Also, that it had passed the following bills from
the Senate:
An act for the relief of the widow of the late
John A. Lynch.
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register for the British bark Fanny,
under the name of the Golden Mirror.
Also, that it had passed the bill from the Senate
for the relief of the town of Belleview, in Iowa,
with an amendment.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported additional amendments to the biJl
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1853; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Amos
Knapp, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorpo-
rate the Georgetown and Catoctin Railroad Com-
pany; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution ex-
planatory of the act for the benefit of Amos Proc-
tor, approved 17th June, 1844; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOOT, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Margaret Barnitz, the only surviving heir of
Lieutenant Colonel David Gner, of the Army of
the Revolution; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and, with the papers on file, re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to regulate the collection of duties
on imports and tonnage, "approved March 2,1799;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the establishment of
several land offices in the State of California.
Mr. NORRIS gave notice of his intention to ask
