1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
leave to introduce n bill for the relief of the Buffalo
Bayou, Brazos, and Colorado Railway Company.
STATE OF NICARAGUA*
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
Bent, and agreed to:
Kewlrfd, That the President requested to communi-
cate to the Senate copies of* any conventions winch may
have been entered into b\ Mr. Ili<e. on the part of the t'ni
ted States, with the £tate of Nicaragua, or either of the five
Sutes composing the late Republic of Central America,
(and which have not been submitted to the Senate,) together
with aiiv correspondence with either of said States; and
also all correspondence between Mr. Hise and the Depart-
mentof State of the Tinted States. t
HARBOR OF SAN FRANCISCO. !
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution; |
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolvtd, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the shortest practicable time, and
the annual and total appropriations required to place the
harbor of San Francisco in a s;ood condition for defense;
and also the shortest practicable time, and the appropriation
required to fabricate, transport, and place in secure depots
and magazines, the necessary armaments and munitions.
EXTENSION OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, I dis-
like very much to interfere with the regular order
of business, but I trust the Senate will indulge me
this morning in taking up a bill to extend preemp-
tion rights to unsurveyed lands, and for other pur-
poses. It is short, and very simple in its pro-
visions. I presented a petition the other morning
from settlers on the great mail route from Mobile
to Chicago, asking the passage of some such bill;
and 1 think that, considering the peculiar manner
in which the representation of my State in this
body has stood during this session, the Senate
should indulge me in taking up that bill at this
time. It seems to me that it carries out the settled
policy of the Government. It is a bill so simple
in its character, that I thinR the mere reading of it
will commend it to the favorable consideration of
the Senate. There is a large number of very mer-
itorious citizens residing on those lands. Some of
them have been urging, by letters, the Senators
from my State to attend to the matter, not know-
ing that those gentlemen were indisposed, and
thereby prevented from attending in this Chamber.
Those settlers are willing to pay the increased min-
imum which has been put upon those lands. The
honorable gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Downs]
is the author of the bill; and it was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands by my distin-
guished friend from Michigan, [Mr. Felch.] I
trust the Senate will indulge me in taking the bill up
this morning. If it gives rise to any discussion, I
pledge myself not tp embarrass the Senate by pro-
ceeding with it.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to repeal that part of the act
of September 4, 1841, which prevents the right of
preemption from attaching to lands not surveyed,
or sections of land reserved to the United States,
alternate to other sections granted to any of the
States for the construction of canals, railroads , or
other public improvements; and to grant the right
of preemption to persons who, at the passage of
this bill, may be the actual settlers on either of
those elasses of land, and who made the first set-
tlement thereon; and to the first settler who may
hereafter settle on any such tract, as if the disabil-
ities removed by this bill had never existed: pro-
vided that the settler on unsurveyed lands shall
give the notice provided by law to the register of
the proper land office, within three months after
the filing of the plat of the survey in the register's
office; and the settler on any of the alternate sec-
tions referred to shall file a similar notice within
three months from the passage of this bill, and
shall make payment for those alternate sections at
the increased minimum. And it provides further
that any settler who has settled, or may hereafter
settle on reserved lands, shall be entitled to the
right of preemption granted by this bill, and by
the act of 1841, after the land shall have been re-
leased from reservation, in the same manner as if
no reservation had existed at the time of settle-
ment.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment, which was to strike out
the clause:
" And provided further, That any settler who hu settled,
or may hereafter settle, on reserved lands, shnll be entitled |
to all the rights of preemption granted by tins act, and the |
said act ot September 4, 1641, after the lands shall have 1
been released from reservation, m the same maimer as if I
no reservation had at the time of settlement existed." |
Mr. DOWNS. I hope that the amendment of
the Committee on Public Lands will not be
adopted. One great object which I had in view in
drawing up the bill originally was to make the
change in the law which that amendment proposes
to strike out. My object was to remove a very
great inconvenience which exists where reserva-
tions have been made, or where, on account of
large grants being pending, or some other cause,
the land has been under reservation for a length of
time. Many settlers go on such lands without
knowing the fact ot there beinga reservation; they
make their settlements, and years afterwards,
when the reservation is removed and the lands be-
come public lands, the very persons who have set- !
tied there for perhaps twenty years, thinking all
! the time that they will be entitled to preemption,
are suddenly informed that their settlements
amount to nothing, and that they may be removed
without receiving any remuneration for their im-
provements. This has been the operation of the
present law in my own State in some cases. There
have been large bodies of land there covered by
large grants which have been in dispute for many
years; some of them have been lately decided in
favor of the Government of the United States.
Persons who settled on them many years ago,
supposing themselves entitled to preemption, when
they came to the land office to perfect their right,
found that their settlements amounted to nothing,
because the lands had been under reservation on
account of the title being in dispute. It was to
guard against an evil of that kind that the bill
was framed as it was, and that the provision
which the committee proposes to strike out was
| inserted.
I hope the committee will not insist on the
: amendment; I can see no reason why it should be
j adopted. The provision which the committee pro-
pose to strike out does not interfere with any
j rights of any persons. It only removes a disa-
bility which now attaches to settlers and reserved
, lands. In one case, in the State of Louisiana,
the right of preemption was extended by express
law; that was in the case of the Bastrop grant.
The object of this proviso was to extend the same
privilege to the settlers on the Maison Rouge
grant, and a great many other grants in that State
which have been kept under reservation, and set-
tlers upon which are not now entitled to preemp-
tion. I hope the committee will not insist on their
amendment, but will allow the bill to remain as it
was introduced.
Mr. BELL. I listened to the reading of the bill
with all the attention that I could. I confess that
I had not read or considered it before, and I will
thank the honorable Senator from Louisiana if he
will do me the favor to say whether it affects any
conflicting rights to preemption entries, in that
large reservation upon the Ouachita in the State
of Louisiana? If the bill does that, 1 shall take it
as a favor if the Senate will permit it to lie over
for a short time, that I may have an opportunity
to look into it. I do not wish to interpose any
objection to it now, and I only ask that it may lie
over for the purpose I have named. I am not the
particular representative of that section of the
country. I undertook to take charge of some
papers, which were handed to me by an acquaint-
ance, relating to the personal rights of some con-
testants, with regard to the right of entry within
that claim. I wish not to omit the duty under-
taken on my part, by neglecting to look into this
bill a little further, if the honorable Senator thinks
it affects the claims I have referred to at all.
Mr. DOWNS. It does not affect them in the
least.
Mr. BELL. I allude to the claim of Hyams,
Chew, and others.
Mr. DOWNS. I understand that perfectly
well. The bill has no bearing upon that contro-
versy. That is a question which will not be
affected in the least by this bill. -
Mr. BELL. Very well; then I have no objec-
tion to the consideration of the bill now.
Mr. FELCH. This bill was introduced by the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] in the
shape in which it is now printed. The committee
have proposed to amend it by striking out the last
| proviso. The Senator from Louisiana objects to
striking out that proviso, for the reasons he has
given. After the bill came to the Committee on
Public Lands, it was sent to the Land Office, and
the amendment which is proposed is in accordance
with the recommendation of that office. The bill
provides for two classes of cases. The first is
for extending the preemption right to settlers on
lands which have not been surveyed. It now ex-
tends only to those who settled on lands after they
were surveyed. The difficulty which presents it-
self is simply this: A settler goes upon the pub-
lic lands before they are surveyed, and, under the
present law, he acquires no preemption right.
After the lands are surveyed, a second settlergoes
j upon a portion of the same lands, where the first
settler has made improvements,and obtains a right
; of preemption, and in that manner deprives the
first settler of the right to purchase the land The
object of this bill is to remedy that difficulty, and
to give the first settler the right of preemption.
The second class of cases is that which relates
to settlement upon alternate sections. We have
legislated once or twice specially on that subject.
It is designed to give the first settler the right of
preemption, by his simply paying the sum $2 50
per acre.
Thethird section ofthebill provides that thepre-
emption right shall attach to all reservations of the
public domain, and that any man who goes upon
a reservation may have the same right as he who
goes upon and makes improvements on lands not
reserved. The objection made at the Department
is, that the reservations are made for numerous
purposes—as for military purposes, for light-
i houses, and several other purposes. They are
| very often made in large tracts, until the particular
point can be selected and surveyed for light-houses,
forts, &c. Now what would be the effect of the
; bill ? Any man may go and select the particular
point in a reservation of that kind, which has been
selected for an important purpose, and which the
Government require for a light-house or a fort, and
he would thus acquire the right of taking it out of
; j the hands of the Government, by simply paying
the sum of two dollars and a half per acre. The
Senator from Louisiana is right in saying we have
legislated in the case of the Bastrop grant, and in
other cases, and I am ready to legislate again in
such cases when the public interest will not be
put in jeopardy by so doing, and when it would
seem to be required by justice to the settlers.
We thought it better, rather than to pass a general
law, by which the public interests might be put
in jeopardy, to leave these special cases for further
consideration upon their own merits, whenever
they present themselves. I will go—as I have
always gone, in cases of claims on land ceded
by a foreign Government, where it is afterwards
proved to be the land of the Government, the pri-
vate claim not being a good one—for giving the
preemption right according to the principles adopt-
ed by law. But I think, with the Department, and
I I hope the Senator, upon reflection, will not con-
tinue to urge his objection, we had better confine
ourselves to the provisions of the bill, excluding
the last clause; and that whenever these cases
come up, we can legislate for them specially. We
have cases in my own State, and there are cases
1 elsewhere, where the public interest, in reserva-
tions of this kind, would be hazarded by the pas-
sage of a general law like this.
Mr. DOWNS. I am sorry that the Senator
from Michigan will not consent to withdraw the
amendment, for I consider that its adoption will
defeat the great object of the bill. As far as spe-
cial legislation in reference to these particular
grants is concerned, I will state to the Senator
that at the last session of Congress a bill with this
provision precisely was presented to and passed
the Senate; but it has not yet passed the House,
and may not, so that it is very uncertain, if we
make a special provision, whether it will be got
through the two Houses of Congress. I am will-
ing to modify the proviso in such a way as to
; provide for the particular class of cases to which
the Senator refers; but unless some provision of
the kind is made, one great object of the bill will
be entirely lost. If, therefore, the gentleman will
agree to modify the proviso in such a way as to
apply to lands covered by those large grants in
: Louisiana, I will agree to it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I trust the gentleman
will accept that amendment.
