530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
and which provides for the relinquishment of a
little strip of land on the Mississippi river to the
town of Belleview, in Iowa. I will say that the
Government originally laid off this town and re-
served this strip of land between the river from
[Cries " Order!" " Order!" " Order!" and " I
object!" all over the House.]
Mr. CLARK. It is proper that I should
state 
Mr. STANLY. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to discuss
any measure not before the House. The gentle-
man has been called to order by half a dozen
members. The gentleman can only submit the
motion by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up the bill.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object. ;
Mr. CLARK. Then I move a suspension of
the rules for that purpose.
Mr. GOODEN0W. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if resolutions are in order from the State of
Maine?
The SPEAKER. Resolutions were called from
the State of Pennsylvania, and not from Maine.
Mr. GOODENOW. I understood the Chair
to call for resolutions from the State of Maine.
I wish to know, if so, whether the State of
Maine 
The SPEAKER. Members from the State of
Pennsylvania, under the circumstances, would
have been recognized by the Chair in preference
to all others, if the Chair had seen any, because
that was the business in order.
Mr. STANLY. A member from Pennsylva-
nia rose and is entitled to the floor, if he claims it,
I suppose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not see any
member from that State upon the floor. The ques-
tion is upon the suspension of the rules.
The question was then put, and on a division
there were—93 in the affirmative, noes not count-
ed.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
bill was taken up and read a first and second time
by its title, as follows:
" S. \"o, 316. An act for the relief of the town of Belle- \
view, in Iowa."
The bill was then ordered to be read a third time,
and it was 'subsequently read a third time, and
Mr. CLARK. Would it be in order to ask that
a clerical error in the bill maybe corrected, and
that the word " city " may be inserted in lieu of
the word " town ?"
The SPEAKER. The correction can be made
by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the correction was
ordered to be made.
COASTING TRADE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution, and ask
that it may be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. If it be objected to, I shall move a
suspension of the rules.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct
ed to inquire into the expediency of repenting the naviga-
tion laws of the United States, to the extent of throwing
open the coasting trade to the free competition of all na-
tions, and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The House was divided on the call for the yeas
and nays, and there were—35 in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. At the suggestion of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] I with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
gentleman from North Carolina to withdraw the
call, except by unanimous consent, the yeas and
nays having already been ordered. I
Mr. STANLY. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair,'to ascertain if [ understand the resolu-
tion. Does that resolution apply to the coasting
trade of the Mississippi, Arkansas, and Ohio riv- j
erg, as well M to the coasting trade of the Atlantis? :,
Mr. TOOMBS. It applies to the wholecoasting
trade of the United States.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 93, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Ashe, Avcrctt, David J.
Bailey, Ileale, Bocock, Bragg, Breckinridge, Albert G.
Brown, Busby, E. Carrington Cabell. J. Cable, Caldwell,
Lewis 1). Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Casliie,
Chastain, Chuichwell, Chngman, Cobb, Colcock, Darnel,
John G. Davis, Disney, Doty, Eastman, Edmundsoii, Fick-
hn, Floyd, Freeman, Gaylord, Gorman, Green, Grow,
Hall, Hamilton, Ishnm G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston,
Thomas Y. How. Tves, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George VV. Jones,
Letcher, Mace, Mason, McQueen, Meade, M!llson. Mur-
phy, Murray, Nabers, Orr, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Powell, Robie, Robinson, Ross,
Scurry, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H.
! Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stuart, Toombs, Tnwnsliend,
1 Venable, Wallace, Walking. Welch, Addison White, Wil-
cox, Wildrick, Williams, and VYoodvvard—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Ap-
pleton, Bartlett, Bell, Bennett, Bibighnus, Bowne, Briggs,
Brooks, Burrows, Chandler, Cottman, Culloin, Curtis, Dar-
by, Dawson, Dimmick, Dockery, Duncan, Fay, Florence,
Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Hascall, Haven, Ilorsford, John
W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Ingersoll, J. Glancy Jones,
George G. King, Preston King, Kuriz, Landry, Martin,
McDonald, McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, Meacham,
Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morrison,
Newton, Penmman, Perkins, Preston, Price, Riddle, Rob-
bins, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Origin S. Seymour,
Skelton, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Straiton, Sweetser, Taylor,
Thurston, Tuck, and Washburn—73.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
! TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. In fixing the days for the con-
sideration of territorial business, Tuesday and j
Wednesday of this week were set aside for that
purpose, without recollecting that Wednesday
was to be appropriated for counting the votes for
President and Vice President. I ask the House
to substitute Thursday for Wednesday.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, such
an order will be entered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to inquire of the 1
gentleman from Michigan whether it has not been
usual in the House to transact ordinary business i
after the counting of the votes, and if so, we can
consider territorial business on Wednesday. i
Mr. STUART. I never saw the votes counted
but once, and then that business consumed the
whole day, and I presume it will again.
The SPEAKER. There is no question of
that.
| No objection was made, and Thursday was
i substituted for Wednesday.
| EVENING SESSIONS.
| Mr. CURTIS. I ask. the unanimous consent
; of the House to offer the resolution which I send
to the Clerk's table.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House will, from and after this day,
hold an evening session, beginning at six and a halfo'clock,
for the purpose, and for no other purpose whatever, of re-
ceiving such reports as may be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, or to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed, and that at
such evening sessions no other business whatever shall be
transacted.
Mr. FREEMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that he should place the time of meeting at seven
o'clock.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I send to the
Clerk's table a resolution, which I have prepared
to attain the same object, and I would ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to accept it as a modi-
fication of his, or I will move to amend his reso-
lution by offering mine as a substitute.
The resolution of Mr. Harris was as follows:
Resolved, That from and after to-day, this House will
hold night sessions, to be devoted to the call of committees
for reports, until all the committees have been once called :
Provided, That no bill or resolution reported under this order
shall be put upon its passage, unless by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, a quorum being present: Jindprovided
further, That any bill or resolution reported and proposed
to be put upon its passage, if objected to, may be withdrawn
by the member reporting it.
Mr. CURTIS. I accept that as an amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand the gentleman to
accept my resolution as a modification, and I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. McMULLlN. I would inquire if the hour
of meeting is fixed by that resolution.
Mr. HARRIS. The hour of meeting is fixed
at seven o'slock.
The SPEAKER. There is no hour fixed in the
esolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to modify it by insert-
ing seven o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that the resolu-
tion fixes the hour of meeting at seven o'clock, and
then goes on to state what business shall be trans-
acted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair in looking at the
resolution, finds that the one offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is modified by the one
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, and
fixes the hour of meeting at seven o'clock. The
resolution as modified, and as it now stands, will
be read.
It was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That from and after to-day, this House will
hold night sessions, commencing at seven o'clock, to be de-
voted to the call of committees tor reports, until alt the com-
mittees have been once called: Provided, That no bill or
resolution reported under this order shall be put upon its
passage, unlpss by the unanimous consent ot the House,
a quorum being present: ~1nd provided further. That any
bill or resolution reported and proposed to he put upon its
passage, if objected to, may be withdrawn by the member
reporting it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and debate is not strictly in order.
Mr. JONES. I wish merely to remark that
this resolution comes in under a call for resolu-
tions from the State of Pennsylvania. Then, if
it were a mere ordinary resolution, the majority
of the House could adopt it; but it changes the
order of business, and therefore, requires a vote of
two thirds for its adoption.
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt of that.
Mr. JONES. For myself, if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will strike out that part which
permits a bill to be passed by unanimous consent,
I will vote for it; and unless that be done it will
require us all to be here to seethat no bills are im-
properly passed.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to state to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that the resolution provides
that no bill shall be put upon its passage, unless
by the unanimous consent of the House, a quorum-
being present at the time. I think the resolution
is certainly sufficiently guarded.
Mr. STANLY. I hope that the resolution will
pass. I opposed a similar resolution two or three
weeks ago, but I am satisfied now that it will ad-
vance public business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If this resolution-
Eass in its present form, it will require all mem-
ers to be here who take an interest in public
business.
Mr. HARRIS. I suggest to my colleague that
unless a quorum be present no bill can be put upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I movethat the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken on Mr. Orr's motion,
and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is it in order
now to move to suspend the rules to introduce a
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. During the pendency of a
motion to lay a resolution on the table, the Chair
thinks that it would not be in order. That is a
privileged question itself.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table, and it was decided in
the negative; there being, on a division—ayes 49,
noes not counted.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. SWEETSER. I demand the yeas and
nays. Does it require a two-thirds vote ?
[Many Voices. "Yes!" "Yes!"]
The House was divided on the call for the yeas
and nays, and there were—ayes 33, noes not
counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. Will it be in order to renew the
motion to suspend the rules, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
