532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7,
The question was taken, and the motion to sus-
pend the rules was not agreed to, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
SIMEON SMITH.
Mr. DLYfMICK. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That tliere be paid out of the contingent fund
of this House, to Simeon Smith, clerk of the Select Com-
mittee to investigate the connection of Hon. Thomas Cor-
win with the Gardiner claim, the same compensation al-
lowed to a deputy clerk of tile House for the time he was
actually employed by the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the gentleman insert it
in one of the appropriation bills. There is no
contingent fund now from which it can be paid.
Mr. KING, of New York. That is the mode
in which all the expenses of that committee have
been paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no fund left.
Mr. KING. Whenever there is one, it will
come in,
Mr. HOUSTON. It would be as well to intro-
duce it in some regular bill.
Mr. STANLY. My only objection to this res-
olution is the one I have stated before in like
cases. If the House vote it down, well and good,
I have not a word to say; but I think it a bad
practice that we should allow committees to em-
ploy clerks without leave of the House, and then
pay them out of the contingent fund.
Mr. KING. There was no mode of getting
along without this being done.
Mr. STANLY. There is always a mode of
asking leave. This Congress has already, in four
or five cases, paid clerks without authority of
the House. If the committee had asked for leave,
I suppose the House would have sanctioned it.
Mr. HAMILTON. That resolution must go
over if gentlemen undertake to debate it.
Mr. DIMMICK. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The question being on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. KING, of New York, called for tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of Ten-
nessee, and Jackson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
that there were ayes 84, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question now being, " Shall the resolution
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays; 1
but they were refused.
The question was then taken, and the resolution !
was adopted. I
CAPTAIN GEORGE B. SMITH.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of permit-
ting the Committee on Military Affairs to report
a bill for the relief of Captain George B. Smith.
I know that it is a case of great hardship, and
ought to be acted upon immediately.
Mr. GORMAN. If the House will permit me
to say this, Captain Smith was taken prisoner,
and fifty or sixty of his men were killed. He
lost all his vouchers, and he is a ruined man un-
less this resolution be passed.
The question being upon the suspension of the
rules, it was taken and decided in the affirmative.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was put, and decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House,
the Committee on Military Affairs are authorized
to make the report.
Mr. GORMAN then, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
George B. Smith; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 desire to make a statement
to the House, if it will indulge me a moment, in
relation to this bill. Captain George B. Smith
was taken a prisoner on the southern line between
Monterey and the Rio Grande, by Canales, and the
train under his command were cut up, and some
fifty or sixty of his teamsters were left dead. The
Mexicans on that occasion, as is proved by Col-,
onel Humphrey Marshall, late a highly-distin-
guished member of this House, whose affidavit is
filed, destroyed the vouchers of Captain Smith.
He has now no means of settlement and he cannot
obtain a release on his bond; and he is prevented,
after a long and gallant service in the Army, from
goinj into a lucrative mercantile enterprise in con-
sequence of this claim—merely a nominal claim—
the most of which is for oats and forage. From
this claim lie desires to be exonerated, and his
sureties to be released, so that he can embark,in
business. The Military Committee have unani-
mously reported the bill, and I know Captain
Smith to be a gentleman of great worth, and an
officer of great activity and unimpeached honor.
The bill contains an appropriation of some $200,
the amount of which he was robbed. This ap-
propriation, if I mistake not, makes it necessary
that the bill shall be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If I am
wrong the Chair will correct me.
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman is right.
Mr. PRESTON. Then I move that the rule
which requires that this bill shall be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for consideration, be suspended, in order
that we may put it upon its passage.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were suspended.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time and passed.
ALEXANDER P. FIELD.
Mr. GROW. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the rules of the House be suspended, so
as to permit the Committee on the Judiciary to report Sen-
ate resolution No. 10, for the relief of Alexander P. Field,
late Secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] offers a resolution for the
action of the House.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the reading of
that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been read.
The question is raised whether the gentleman has
the right to go outside of his own State.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 desire to know the ob-
ject of this motion to suspend the rules. j
The resolution was then read through by the !
Clerk. j
Mr. STANTON. I make a question of order. !!
I understand the Speaker to hold that the dele- ,
gation from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor,
because that State is called upon for resolutions. I;
The point I make is, that the Chair cannot recog-
nize the delegation from Pennsylvania in prefer-
ence to all others, for the purpose of making mo-
tions to suspend the rules to introduce business
not in order. I submit that this way of doing
business excludes everybody but members from
Pennsylvania from getting suspension of rules,
and that this proposition is not m order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
must be aware that this is resolution day, and that
Pennsylvania is the State first in order to be called,
under the express provision of the rules requiring
the House to begin where we left off the preceding
Monday, when States were called upon for reso-
lutions. It is impossible for the Chair to deter-
mine the object of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia. The Chair admits the fact that the rules will
not be very fairly carried out in their spirit, if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania shall rise to make
motions not strictly in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. My point is this:
That the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Grow] rises to make a motion not in order, and
that he forfeits his right to the floor to others. He
has the floor for the purpose of making a motion
in order, and for no other purpose.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] was recog-
nized by the Chair, and he has a right to move to
suspend the rules. It is certain that he has this
right as well as any one else.
Mr. CARTTER. There is another rule which
corrects the evil; and that is, a member has the
privilege of offering but one resolution. That has
been violated in one or two instances.
The SPEAKER. No member from Pennsyl-
vania, in the opinion of the Chair, has offered but
a single-resolution. The gentleman is mistaken
in point of fact.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I wish to make
another point of order, for the purpose of getting
information. I do not know whether the case I
submit is governed by any rule of the Hou&. I
Gentlemen will see at once the impropriety of this
practice, that a member from Pennsylvania can
receive a resolution from a member of another
State, availing himself of the privilege as a mem-
ber from that State to introduce it.
The SPEAKER. There is a rule to that effect.
Mr. BROWN. In this case the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] moved this res-
olution upon his own account, and some member
from Wisconsin 
Mr. GROW. It is a case for the relief of the late
Secretary of Wisconsin, which ought to be taken
up, and this is a resolution allowing the Secretary
t of the Treasury to settle his accounts. I offer it
on my own account.
The SPEAKER. The resolution relates to a
bill before the House in regard to which any gen-
tleman has a right to submit a motion.
Mr. GROW. It is offered at the instance of
the Comptroller of the Treasury.
The question being on the suspension of the
rules,
Mr. GROW demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Jackson and Gaylord were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes not counted.
There not being two thirds voting in the affirm-
ative, the rules were not suspended.
EULOGIES ON DANIEL WEBSTER.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That thirty thousand copies of the entire
speeches and proceedings on the death of Daniel Webster,
in the Senate and in the House, be printed, under the di-
rection of the Committee on Printing, for the use of the
members of this House.
The SPEAKER. That resolution, under the
rules, goes to the Committee on Printing.
The resolution was so referred.
ASENATH M. ELLIOT.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules, to enable me to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate bill (No. 510) for the relief of
Aaenath M. Elliot be taken from the Speaker's table and
put upon its passage.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. At this point,
I raise the question whether that resolution is a
Pennsylvania resolution, or whether the gentleman
has receive'd it from, and offers it at the instance
of, some friend from some other State ?
Mr. HOWE. The resolution was drawn by
myself, and I offer it as a member from the State
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. HAMILTON. Read the bill to which the
resolution refers.
The Clerk read the bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
Asenath M. Elliot, widow of the late Captain
Edward G. Elliot, a pension at the rate of half the
pay per month to which her husband was entitled
at the time of his death, to commence on the 5th
of January, 1849, and to continue during her nat-
ural life or widowhood.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to inquire whether the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thomas M. Howe] has not
occupied the floor, and offered a r^jolution before,
to-day ?
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I have not.
The SPEAKER. This is the only time the
gentleman has occupied the floor to-day.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I ask for the read-
ing of the report.
The SPEAKER. It will be read if there is no
objection.
No objection being made, the report was read.
The question now being upon the motion to
suspend the rules,
Mr. HAMILTON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Briggs and Venable
were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported—
ayes 101, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Howe's
resolution, and it was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a first and second time by its
title, viz:
" An act for the relief of Asenatb M. Elliot."
