1853
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
Mr. STANLY. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read the third time.
The question then was, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BRIGGS. I move the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were not ordered. (
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the main
question been ordered on the passage of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I understand that this
case is covered by the general law, approved by
the President only three days ago.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The bill was then passed.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and I also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to. 1
L. M. GOLDSBOROUGH AND OTHERS.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. I move a
suspension of the rules, to enable me to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie House proceed to consider Senate bill
No. 274, for the relief of L. M. Goldsborough, G. J. Van
Brunt, and S. F. Blunt.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I would inquire whether this bill
is a Pennsylvania bill, or whether the gentleman
is calling it up at the request of some member who
is not from Pennsylvania?
Mr. FULLER. In reply to the gentleman from
Mississippi, I will say that I consider every bill
in this House a Pennsylvania bill, and every bill
a Mississippi bill.
Mr. BROWN. Then I make this point: that
a member from Pennsylvania cannot take charge
of the business of any other member, and availing
himself of his privilege, press it for consideration
to the exclusion of everything else. If we are to
legislate in this way, I move that the House ad-
journ. I think we have beqp legislating on Penn-
sylvania matters and for the benefit of Pennsylva-
nia members long enough.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly the Representatives
of Pennsylvania are acting with great liberality
towards their fellow members. We do not require
exclusive legislation for the State of Pennsylvania !
to-day. !
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the ;
motion to adjourn. ]
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. With regard to the question
of order raised by the gentleman from Mississippi,
the Chair will say that he should be very happy if
his idea of justice in the execution of the rules of
the House could be adopted by order of the House;
but it is impossible for the Speaker to enforce it
by himself. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Fcller] was recognized by the Chair tie-
cause, under the rules, the State of Pennsylvania
is to be called fo^-esolutions this day. The Chair
could not anticipate what object the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had in rising and demanding J
the floor. The Chair believes that it was his duty ;
to recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, be- 1
cause that State, under the rules, is being called ,
for resolutions. The Chair not anticipating the
gentleman's object, he was recognized. His right
is as clear as that of any other gentleman having
the floor, to move to suspend the rules. It is dif-
ficult for the Chair to execute the rule in any other
manner than in that which he is endeavoring to do.
Mr. BROWN. Is it in order to move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, hecause there is a
motion now pending to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROWN. Then I have this single remark
to make, that I trust the House will stop suspend-
ing the rules for Pennsylvania members, except
for their own business.
Mr. GOODENOW. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks 1
and Clingman were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays, and the tellers reported thirty-
three in the affirmative. So the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fi ller's
motion to suspend the rules, and there were—yeas
97, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Barrerc,
Bell, Bennett, Bocock, Bowne, Brenton, Biigjs, Brooks, I
Albert G. Brown, Burrows, E. Carrin^ton Cabell, Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman,
► Clemens, Clingman, Colcock, Conger, Cottman, Darby,
George T. Davis, Dean, Diinimck, Disney, Doty, Jjdmund-
son, Fay, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble,
Gavlord, Gentry, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Holladay, John W. Howe, Thomas
M. Howe, Thomas Y. How,Jackson, Robert VV. Johnson,
George G. King, Landry, Letcher, MeCorkle, McLanahan,
McNair, McQueen,Meade,Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore,
John Moore, Morrison, Nabers, Newton. Outlaw, Samuel
W. Parker, Peaslee, I'enn, Polk, Powell, Preston, Price,
Riddle, Robbing, Robinson, Saekett, Scliermerhotn, School-
craft. Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Strothor, Stuart,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, Toombs, Yen-
able, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Williams, and Yates—U7.
NAYS—Messrs. John Appleton, Babcock, Busby, Cart-
ter, Chastain, Clark, Cobb, John G. Davis, Dawson, East-
man, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goodenow. Hall, Ham-
ilton, Isham G. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hillyer, Hors-
ford, Houston, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King, Martin,
McDonald, McMullin, Millson, Murray, Pennnnan, Per-
kins, Phelps, Robie, Ross, Russell, Sclioonmaker, Origen 8.
Seymour. Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Ste-
phens. Stratton, Townshend, Wallace, Wildrick, and
Woodward—49.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended,
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania aff the House indulge the Chair
for a single moment? It is not the province of the
Chair to make suggestions to the body with re- .
gard to its conduct with reference to the business
of the House. But the Chair calls the attention
of gentlemen to the rules of the House governing
the business of Mondays. One rule says that it
shall be in order to suspend the rules on Mondays,
and on no other days. Another rule is, that it
shall be the duty of theSpeaker to call the States,
in their order—and the order is laid down—for
resolutions and petitions on alternate Mondays. |
The Chair was of opinion this morning, that if
the House would join the Chair in executing the
rules, and he is still of opinion that if the House -
had joined the Chair in executing the rules in their j
spirit as well as in their language, every State in ,
the Union might have been called before the usual
hour for adjournment. That could only be done ;
by the members from every Stateintroducing only
the business legitimately belonging to their State.
The Chair mak<fe this suggestion, and trusts
the House will consider it. He has no doubt,
from his experience here, that all the States in the
Union might have been called to-day for resolu-
tions legitimately belonging to them.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I riseto apoint |
of order. The point which I make is this: that '
on this day, it is in order for any member who can
get the floor, to move to suspend the rules 
The SPEAKER. " That is very true.
Mr. BROWN. And that the Speaker in ruling
that he will recognize the members from Pennsyl-
vania to the exclusion of all other members is
wrong. Does the Chair overrule the point of
order ?
The SPEAKER. The right of the Chair to
recognize members is an unlimited one by an ex-
press rule. The Chair and the gentleman do not
disagree as to the object to be attained. But on
referring to the rule, the gentleman will see that
the right of the Chair to recognize members is
unlimited.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the point made by the gentleman from Mississip-
pi, I think it is a good one. This is resolution
day. Resolutions are in order, and have been re-
ceived nearly all day from the State of Pennsyl-
vania. A gentleman from Pennsylvania rises, and
the Chair under the rule recognizes him. That
is correct. But when he offers a resolution which*
the Chair decides to be out of order, the Chair
then recognizes him as entitled to the floor to move
to suspend the rules to the exclusion of all other*
gentlemen. Now, when a gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has offered a resolution that is declared
to be out of order, he has not the floor by right of
its being assigned to him on the call for resolu-
tions to move to suspend the rules. That is a
new practice, introduced to-day, and never before
known in this House. It is another instance of
the prostitution of the rules and their consequent
confusion.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman has not stated
my point of order, and I desire to state it myself.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a question of order.
Is there any question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is stating a question of order.
Mr. BROWN. The point which I make is
this: that the Speaker holds it to be his duty on
this day as long as a member from Pennsylvania
claims the floor to assign it to him in preference
to a member from any other State. Now, I hold
that on this day any member jvho can get the
floor, has as much right to be recognized as a mem-
ber from Pennsylvania has.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman that it is, under the rules, clearly with-
in the discretion of the Chair to recognize whom
he pleases.
Mr. BROWN.' Then the Chair has exercised
a very one-sided discretion, I can only say 
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman ought
to move a resolution of censure.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. The Chair has
pursued what he meant to be a very good policy,
but it has turned out a very bad policy, and I want
to change it. That is what I am driving at.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to pass any order on the Speaker, as well as on
any other member, and to change the rule which
gives the Chair unlimited discretion in recognizing
members. There can be no doubt about the rule;
the policy is another question. The Chair holds
that he has not been out of order in recognizing
any gentleman to-day.
Mr. BROWN. I do not mean to say the Chair
has been out of order; but I do mean to say that
if the Chair rules that it is his duty, upon this
day, to recognize the gentlemen from Pennsylva-
nia in preference toother gentlemen, because it is
resolution day, that I do not think the Chair is
correct.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggested this
morning, that as the call of States for resolutions
was the business specified by the rules for this day
when gentlemen from the State of Pennsylvania
rose simultaneously with others, it would be his
practice to recognize those gentlemen. It is, how-
ever, equally true that it is in order to suspend the
rules for any purpose, this being Monday, and
if, therefore, the Chair were to vary from his ruling
that he should recognize gentlemen from Pennsyl-
vania in preference to others, he would still be
correct; but it is in the discretion of the Chair to
recognize a member from Pennsylvania, and he
was in hopes, as a matter of policy, and as indi-
cating the propriety of proceeding in the regular
order of business on Mondays, the House would
sustain him in that practice; but if the House shall
fail in .this, it will be his duty to vary the practice
as he may think proper. The right of the Chair,
however, under the rule to recognize a member
from Pennsylvania, if he shall choose so to do, is
very clear.
Mr. BROWN. I combat the idea which I un-
derstood the Chair to announce this morning, that
this being the day upon which it was in order to
call the States for resolutions, and Pennsylvania
being the first State to be called, it was the duty of
theCliair to recognize members from Pennsylva-
nia to the exclusion of other members.
The SPEAKER. That it is the right of the
Chair to recognize the members from Pennsylva-
nia there can he no question; but whether it is his
duty or not, it will be for the House to determine.
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand the Chair to
say that it is his right to recognize a Pennsylva-
nian to the exclusion of all others ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
unquestionably his right under the rule to recog-
nize whom he pleases.
Mr. BROWN. But suppose another gentleman
rises before any member from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. TTSs the gentleman ever
looked at the i ule making it one of the duties of
the Speaker to assign the floor to a particular
member, when more than one shall claim it?
