534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; but I do not think it
authorizes him to assign the floor to the members
of a particular State to the exclusion of all others.
I think it is the duty of the Chair to assign the
floor to the member first rising.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair were to adhere
strictly to that rule, there is at least one member
upon the floor who would never be recognized.
It is the unlimited right of the Chair to recognize
whom he pleases.
Mr. BROWN. I know it is the unlimited right
of the Chair, when more than one member rises
at the same time; but the point I make is this:
Whether it is the unlimited right of the Chair to
recognize a member from Pennsylvania in prefer-
ence to myself, when I rose and addressed the
Chair first!
The SPEAKER. The Chair emphatically de-
cides that he has that right.
Mr. BROWN. From that decision I appeal.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to make one suggestion.
Mr. BROWN. I will hear any suggestion.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask him to allow the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has the floor,
to go on and offer his resolution, and if it is not
one which relates to business in which Pennsyl-
vania is directly concerned, then let him raise his
point of order upon that resolution, and I hope
the House will sustain him in it.
Mr. BROWN. Oh, no; I cannot do that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has another de-
cision to make in relation to the question raised
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
The question raised by him does not relate to
any business legitimately before the body, and,
therefore, his appeal is not in order. The Chair
has recognized a gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and if the gentleman from Mississippi assumes
that he is not entitled to the floor, he can raise
that question; and it will then be competent for
him to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BROWN. I will withdraw my appeal;
but I give notice that I am a competitor for the
floor, and if the Chair gives it to a Pennsylvanian
in preference to another member who rises first, I
will raise my question of order upon that.
ROSANNA SOWARDS.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking from the
Speaker's table for the action of the House, Sen- ,
ate bill No. 397, for the relief of Rosanna Sow-
ards.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I wish to know whether it would
not be in order for me to amend that motion so as
to provide that we shall go to the Speaker's table
for the purpose of taking up and referring such
private bills as may have accumulated there?
The SPEAKER. It would notbe in order, for
the reason that the motion is not before the House.
The proposition now is to suspend the rules for
the purpose of bringing it here.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask that the
bill may be read.
It was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. MOORE. If the House will indulge me
for one minute, I think I can explain the bill so
that there will not be an objection to it.
Mr. BROWN. I object to any discussion.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
The question " Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was then put, and upon a division, there were—
ayes 84. noes 46.
Mr. MOORE. I demand tellers. J
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Williams were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 27.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. MOORE. I demand the previous question
upon the bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania if this j
is not a bill to grant a pension to a mother in'con- ]
sequence of the death of her son ? '
Mr. MOORE. I will state to the gentleman
that it is in consequence of the death of a man 1
who was killed in the battle of Monterey. |
Mr. BROWN. I object to discussion. !
Mr. CARTTER. Is/it in order to inquire
what is the object? for it does not appear upon the j
' face of the bill. I understand it is to pension a [
mother for the death of her son. >
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. That is the ob-
ject of the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House
will allow me one moment, 1 think I can satisfy
every member here of the justice of the bill. I
hope the House will pass it.
Mr. BROWN. I object, unless the gentleman
from Pennsylvania withdraws the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. MOORE. I will withdraw the demand for
the previous question a moment, if the gentleman
from Georgia desires it.
Mr. BROWN. I insist that if the gentleman
withdraws his demand for the previous question
that he loses the floor entirely.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, then I will not
take up the time of the House more than to say,
that I am satisfied the bill is a just one and ought
to pass.
The question now being upon seconding the de-
mand for-the previous question, upon a division
64 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. SACKETT. I demand tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table, and upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. It is evident we shall do nothing
here, unless it is for Pennsylvania. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and upon a division 70
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GORMAN. I give notice that 1 will to-
morrow move to reconsider the vote by which this
bill was ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call up that mo-
tion now, and move to lay it upoj^the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair necides that the
motion to reconsider may be made and entered,
but not acted upon pending a motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered upon the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
know if it is in order to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and pass a bill from
the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, if there be no
Objection.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to know what will
become of the bill introduced by the gentleman
j from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Moore,] if the House
I now adjourns ?
The SPEAKER. It will go to the Speaker's
! table.
j Mr. STANLY. Will not the motion to re-
consider bring it before the House?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill having
been taken up under a supension of the rules, it
; must go over until the next suspension day. That
\ has been the uniform practice of the House,
i The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
questions when they arise; the question now is,
" Shall the House now adjourn?"
| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNair and
Breckinridge were appointed.
I The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 49.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
j adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
! PETITIONS, &c.
! The following petitions and memorial were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. GREEN : The petition of 90 citizens of Crawford
county, Ohio, for the relief of the Ohio and Indiana Rail-
| road Company.
1 ByMr. EASTMAN: The petition of257 citizens of Grant
j county, Wisconsin, for a mail route from Mineral Point, via
I Clifton. Lancaster, and Bettown,lo Cassville.
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE: The petition of Charles
Shippen, praying Congress to compensate him for services
rendered in the war of 1812, with Great Britain.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 8, 1853.
m On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate for the relief of the town of Belle-
view, in Iowa, was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REMEDIES TO PATENTEES.
The bill giving further remedies to patentees
1 was read a third time, and the question was,
" Shall the bill pass.'"
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when this bill
came up yesterday, not anticipating that it would
then come before us, I was not prepared to state
specifically, and in as condensed a manner as I
would desire, without entering into a long argu-
ment, my objections to it. I propose now simply
to bring to the attention of the Senate what I con-
sider the radical objections to the passage of this
bill. I should have preferred that the bill should
*be referred to the Committee on Patents, in ac-
cordance with the wishes of the chairman of that
committee, particularly as it has, I believe, the
general subject under consideration. But that
course has not been acceptable to the friends of
the bill, and therefore it remains forme now to-
state, as succinctly as I can, the objections which
I suppose exist to its passage.
Special legislation, Mr. President, is undoubt-
edly an evil when carried too far; but it is not
near so great an evil as general legislation for the
furtherance of particular objects, or to afford relief
in particular cases. I understand that this bill,
though general in its aspect and operation, is
framed for the purpose of protecting two existing
patents in the United States. It may be that there
are sufficient reasons for framing a bill to protect
those'patents, but it is to the general principles of
this bill, as affecting all future patents, that my
objections exist.
The first objection which I entertain, and which
I state with great deference to the committee which
reported this bill, is, that it is at least questionable
whether the terms of the bill do not violate our
treaties with many foreign nations. The first sec-
tion extends the patent laws of the United States,
through the medium of the revenue service, so as
to prevent the importation of articles manufac-
tured in another country from machines patented
here—the only limitation being that that country
shall be "adjacent, "which is a point which I will
presently notice. It thus proposes to extend the
jurisdiction, which gives an exclusive right to a
patented article, beyond the country in which the
invention exists. This has not hitherto been the
policy of the Government; and the bill does not
confine this change * policy to any particular
countries except those which are " adjoining or
near" the United States. If you prohibit the
importation of such articles from countries adja-
cent to the United States, and your treaties with
any of those countries require that all articles
coming from them shall be admitted into your
ports on the same terms as imports from the most
favored nation, or that articles shall not be pro-
hibited coming, say from the ports of Mexico,
which are not prohibited coming from the ports of
any other nation, clearly a general provision ap-
plying to all articles,as does this bill, for the manu-
facture of which a subsisting patent exists in the
United States, would be in violation of such treaty.
This particular bill relates, as I understand, to
two patents; that which is known as Woodworth's
patent for a planing machine, and a patent for
the turning of irregular bodies in wood—both old
patents, both meritorious patents, and it may well
I be, requiring protection. The pflfctical effects of
, the bill may not extend beyond, or may look only
' to, the prevention of importations from Canada.
\ And it is perfectly true, that as regards the British
colonial possessions, we have no positive treaty
which binds us to put them on the same footing
! with other nations; but the second section of the
act of 1823 does put them on the same footing;
and this bill, so far as it goes, is a repeal of the
second section of that law. If you now have
difficulties enough with Great Britain, if you are
now in a state of negotiation with her in reference
to other matters of conflict, why complicate them
by repealing that section of the law and enacting
one which shall apply to the British possessions
, alone?
| That will be ohe objection. But the bill does
not stop there. It does not apply simply to those
particular articles for the protection of which it
was introduced. It extends to all patents, and its
language is, "any articles imported into the United
States from any foreign territory adjoining or near
thereto," which have-been "manufactured in
' whole or in part in any such country, by any
1 ' process or machine, or by any substantial modi-
