1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
* fication of such process or machine for which
* there may be, at the time, a subsisting patent
♦owned by any citizen of the United States."
And it fut ther provides, that on due proof that any
person has any such articles in his possession for
the purpose of traffic or sale, it shall be considered
a violation of the patent, in the same manner as if
the articles had been in this country. The opera-
tion of the bill extends only to adjacent countries.
Are you not operating against treaties with those
nations lying adjacent, when by those treaties you
put them on the same footing with the most favored
nation ? Are you not violating those treaties when
you undertake to say, as to all patents, that arti-
cles made from any machine patented in the Uni-
ted States will come within the law, and be pro-
hibited from importation into this country; or if
imported be liable to seizure if the articles come
from an adjacent country, but not liable to seizure
if they come from a remote country?
There is, therefore, in my mind an objection to
this bill, because it will conflict with the rights of
those adjacent countries with whom you have
treaties, putting them on the footing of the most
favored nations. I do not wish to be understood
as saying that, in practice, if applied merely to the
two particular patents to which I have referred,
and restricted to articles coming from Canada, it
would be in violation of any existing treaty with
Great Britian; but the bill is made general, and
will apply to all patents hereafter, to all adjacent
countries hereafter, and to all articles made in
violation of any subsisting patent. Therefore, it
is bad as a general law. I suppose that this ob-
jection is now understood; and as 1 do not propose
to go into any extended argument, I will let that
rest here.
The next objection which I entertain is, that it
may well be questioned whether it is sound policy
in any case for this Government to depart from
what has always been our previous policy, which
is to give the patentee the exclusive right only
within the limits of our own jurisdiction, and not
to complicate our revenue laws by undertaking to
prevent the importation into the ports of this
country of articles manufactured in any adjacent
foreign country, from machines patented here, or
machines similar to them. Certainly no such law-
has previously existed; and it is an entire change
which may widely affect IRe revenue laws if it
goes into operation, and may produce collision
with other Powers.
Undoubtedly, in reference to nearly all inven-
tions, they have come up in different countries at
or about the same time in different minds; and
there always will be disputes as to priority of in-
vention. If you pass a law like this, it will not
apply to any particular patent, but will be general
in its operation; it will apply to the future as well
as to the present; and cases of conflict as to pri-
ority of invention, here and abroad, will be con-
stantly arising.
But here you undertake to determine by your
own jurisdiction, not by giving exclusive rights
within that jurisdiction, but by extending those
rights to prevent the manufacture in foreign coun-
tries of articles for which patents may be or may
have been issued by the United States. I think
such a policy is at least questionable, and it ought
to be well considered by us before we adopt"it.
There is stronger reason why the policy is now
questionable than there was before, because by
the existing laws of Prance and England—the
only two great Powers likely to compete with us
at all in reference to such matters—any inventor,
whether from this country or not, may secure to
himself a patent there extending to all the colonies
of each Power. There would certainly be no
hardship upon inventors in doing this, and it
would leave the system far more uniform if the i
party seeking to obtain an exclusive right to man-
ufacture a particular article in a particular mode
within the limits of the jurisdiction of any coun-
try, should apply to that jurisdiction in order to
grant him that privilege. This bill entirely vio-
lates that principle. There is, therefore, so far as
regards the general features of the bill, no neces-
sity for its passage, because every patentee, or at
least everv future patentee in this country, will
have a ri^nt to apply for an exclusive privilege in
France or England; and the fact of his having a
patent here will not debar him from obtaining one
in each of those nations, provided he can make j
good his claim to priority of invention. I can see I
no necessity, for these reasons, for this general
/ provision; and as 1 stated before, the effect of this
legislation is a general bill for the purpose of pro-
tecting individual rights. If a special bill were
brought in properly trained and guarded for the
protection of the owners of the two particular
patents for whose benefit this bill was brought
forward, I do not know that I would object to it
if they made out a case requiring our special in-
terposition. My objections are to this bill as it
stands, affecting, as it does, all patents and all ar-
ticles made from patented machines.
This brings me to the second section of the bill,
•and to my third objection, which would apply
even to a special bill; and that is, to the extent of
the power—a summary, and, as I think, an arbi-
trary power—which is given by the terms of that
section, for the purpose of relief. The second sec-
tion provides, not in reference to this particular
patent to which I have referred, but as to all
patents, that whenever a patentee shall file a bill
in chancery on oath or affirmation, setting forth
that articles have been imported, in violation of
the first section, and making it appear to the satis-
faction of the judge, of course, on an ex parte ex-
amination and by affidavit, that the facts alleged
are probably true, an order is to be issued, requir-
ing the seizure of the articles specified in the bill,
and they are to be held "subject to the final
order of the court." I understand them to mean
that the articles necessarily have to wait the final
adjudication of the case; otherwise " final" is en-
tirely meaningless. If it means that the party may
come, as in any other casein chancery, and in his
answer deny the merits of the complaint, and
that then the judge may make an order for the re-
lease of the goods, I say the word is very inaptly
chosen for the purpose of giving such a jurisdic-
tion; and there are great doubts in my mind
whether thejudce would have authority to make an
order after any^eizure, until his final determina-
tion of the case upon its merits; and that surely
would be a very summary power.
But, Mr. President, why should the power of
> seizure be given at all? The principle on which
! you grant rights to patentees is, that they confer a
I benefit on the community by the discovery; and
' the reason for giving the exclusive right in the
product of a machine is, that the benefit is con-
ferred, and therefore it is that all patent laws are
of necessity limited in point of time; for other-
wise an exclusive right, held in perpetuity, would
overbalance the benefit conferred upon the com-
i munity by the invention, inconsequence of the
j costliness of the price which would attach to the
! article if left in the will of the holder of the patent
| alone. The right to this special legislation, or
j the right to the species of property which the
party cannot get without statutory enactment, is
! based upon the principle that the community de-
rive a commensurate benefit from the mode in
which the right is secured. . In questions of time
that applies; but does it not apply also in other
respects ? You give an exclusive right to the pat-
entee. Is not that sufficient ? Are you to go fur-
ther, and not only give an exclusive right of prop-
erty grounded upon the invention, but to give
peculiar, summary,and arbitrary remedies, which
do not attach to any other species of property ?
Why should it be so? You now secure to every
( patentee an exclusive right to make and vend in
! the United States articles made from his machine.
You leave the party to enforce that right by the
ordinary remedies of the land as applied to every i
other species of property, whether choses in action
or things in possession. Why should you go be-
yond that? Is not the principle of summary juris- '
diction a dangerous one for purposes of legislation,
or for purposes of adjudication between man and
man ? Under the general law securing the ex-
clusive privilege of making and vending, the party ■
will have his right of action against the trespasser j
or violator of his patent; or he would have his
right to an injunction in a court of chancery, with-
out reference to the provisions of this bill. But
will you go further, and say that he shall have a
right to seize the articles, on his own statement,
and with only probable proof? Will you allow
him to take them out of the custody of their pos- ;
sessors? Will you give so summary a right in
regard to this species of property, which you do
not give in reference to any other species of prop-
erty ? It seems to me that the principle of our j
patent laws does not require any such thing, and ll
| if you do carry it that far, you are sacrificing the
interests of the community to the object of secur-
ing better remedies to the patentee.
In making these remarks I do not wish to be
understood as supposing that our patent laws are
not deficient. I believe they are deficient. I think
there are grievances which ought to be remedied,
under which all patentees labor. I admit that that
provision of our patentlaws which authorizes any
individual, by means of a scire facias, to repeal a
patent and makes the adjudication final as re-
gards the rights of the patentee, ought to have a
correlevant piovision with sufficient guards so as
to prevent collusion,^hich would enable a pat-
entee to establish his right against the world, by-
allowing him in a suit to advertise to the world
and invite any one to come in and defend, so that
the suit should not only determine the particular
case pending,but should be good against the world.
I think such a law absolutely necessary, and that
it would be but justice to pass it; and it seems to
me it could be readily framed. I am as willing as
any man to afford proper remedies to encourage
the genius of the country, and to give for that
purpose an exclusive right for a proper length of
time, protected by proper guards; but I am not
willing to carry those guards to an extent which
I think conflicts with principle, so far as to make
the injury to the community more than equal to
the benefit derived by it from the invention.
It is for the three objections which I have stated
that I cannot vote for this bill. The first is, that
I think, as a general bill, it conflicts with our
treaties with other countries. The second is, I
' doubt the policy of changing the revenue system
of the country, and complicating the protection of
patents through the medium of our revenue laws,
or an interference with them, or a change of them,
so as to extend our jurisdiction to patents beyond
our own country. I doubt its expediency the
more particularly, because, in both those countries
in which a patent would be of any value, England
• and France, a patent can now'be obtained, if the
! patentee is the prior discoverer, notwithstanding
j the fact that he has taken out a patent in this
i country. The third objection applies to the pecu-
1 liar remedy, and will apply to any species of bill
which might be framed, containing that feature. I
think the remedy goes too far, by introducing a
summary power which is not necessary for the
purpose of giving adequate protection to the pat-
entee or assignee of the article. Although it might
comport with his views to have as stringent a
remedy as possible, the justice of the case does
not require that so extensive a remedy should be
! granted.
i Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, it is certainly
1 surprising to me that objections should be urged
| to the bill at this stage. I do not think it is usual
l to raise objections to a bill after it has been or-
dered to its engrossment by a vote of the Senate,
and particularly wlffen, as in this case, that vote is
taken by yeas and nays. I did hope that all the
; objections of the honorable Senator from Delaware
would have been stated before the engrossment of
; the bill.
i Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator allow me to
say a few words, in explanation ? When this bill
came up originally, I merely read it as did every
I other Senator, and I stated the objections which
; occurred to my mind at the time, with the view of
having it amended to meet them. The provisions
of the bill were subsequently matter of reflection
with me, and a few days ago I stated to one of
the friends of the bill, the colleague of the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey, my objections as
I have now stated them to the Senate. 1 told him
that if, when the bill came up, it should not conform
to my views, I should deem it my duty to oppose
it. The bill came up yesterday unexpectedly,
and I was not then prepared to state my objec-
tions to it in as brief a manner as I desired; but I
preferred then, as I prefer now, that it should be
referred to the Committee on Patents, with the
view of reforming it so as to meet my objections.
Mr. MILLER. I do not think, sir, that there
is a bill upon the calendar that has had more con-
sideration, either in committee rooms or in the
Senate Chamber, than this little bill. It has been
here now, I think, for four sessions. It Has been
reported at two different Congresses by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of this body. It has, during
this Congress, undergone various amendments, to
meet the suggestions made by honorable Senators.
