1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
Ordered, That one thousand two hundred and fifty extra
copies of that part of the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury relating to the subject of the fisheries, be printed
for the use of the Senate, and that two hundred and fifty
copies thereof be for the use of the author of said report.
THE TEHUANTEPEC GRANT.
The Senate, on motion of Mr. MASON, re-
sumed the consideration of the resolutions reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations in relation
to the Garay grant; when—
Mr. SEWARD rose and addressed the Senate
at great length, concluding by moving to strike
out all after the word resolved, and insert " that
' the United States cannot suspend diplomatic ne-
' gotiations with Mexico without tendering to that
' Power, or waiting a reasonable time to receive
' from it, an offer of arbitration, according to the
' terms of the treaty ofGuadalupe Hidalgo." [The
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HALE. I have given some attention to
this subject, and propose to address the Senate
upon it. I suppose the attention of the Senate is
somewhat exhausted now. The usual hour of
adjournment has arrived, and I place myself en-
tirely at the disposal of the Senate as to when I
shall speak upon this subject. I would be ready
to proceed to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. To-morrow we count the (
votes for President and Vice President.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to postpone this
subject until any day which will suit the conveni-
ence of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that the count-
ing of the votes will take about three hours.
Mr. HALE. I move that the further consider-
ation of the resolutions be postponed till Tuesday
next, and made the special order of the day for
one o'clock.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want to make one or
two remarks before that question is put to a vote.
My friend from New York [Mr. Seward] has
exhibited more of a belligerent propensity to-day
than I supposed he possessed. I do not rise for
the purpose of defending the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, nor of defending
my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs.] They
lire both of them very capable of vindicating their
own course from any assault which can be made
upon it. But, sir, there is a gentleman not now
here, a gentleman in my own State, who, in the
range of the Senator's remarks, received several
pretty hard blows. For him, then, our late Min-
ister to Mexico, 1 beg leave to make a very short !
response.
Sir, the gentleman from New York, in the course
of his remarks, represented Mr. Letcher as using
language discourteous to the Mexican Govern- i
ment; and I thought he pretty plainly intimated
that he used such language as could not be toler-
ated on the part of this Government, if it had been j
applied to us by any diplomatic representative of a
foreign country resident here. Now, we all know
that whether language is calculated to be offensive
or not depends upon the manner in which it is ut-
tered and the circumstances existing at the time it
is used. Allow me to say, sir, that there is not to
be found anywhere in our broad country, or in
any country, a more courteous, a more polite, or
a more respectful gentleman, in all his intercourse,
official or private, with his fellow-men, than the
late representative of this country at the Govern-
ment of Mexico.
What language did he use, which the honor-
able Senator from New York seems to imagine was
intended to be offensiveto the Government of Mex-
ico ? He said—I repeat the language which the
Senator from New York has given us—that " the
facts and reason's of the Mexican authorities were
not satisfactory to him." It is plain language, 1
admit; but the country from which that gentleman
went, is in the habit of using plain and direct lan- '
gnage. And where there is nothing offensive in
manner, it seems to me to be the language which
one gentleman always should use towards another,
and that no exception can be taken to it. What
was the sequel? The President of Mexico and
the Cabinet of Mexico received our Minister, and
had a long personal interview with him. It is ;
shown conclusively by that fact, that no offense J
was intended by him, and none was received by
them. But the Senator from New York seems to
think that the conclusion of the whole matter, on [
the part of our Minister, Mr. Letcher, was very !
offtnsiye. The Senator represents Mr. Letcher 11
as saying in substance: "My Government must
take the whole matter into its own hands, pro-
vided ( cannot accomplish a satisfactory negotia-
tion." The same thing may be said of this lan-
guage which I have already said of the other. It
was not a threat, or an insult, manner and circum-
stances considered. The thing declared was a
necessary result. The treaty which he had made
was rejected by the Mexican Congress. He was
endeavoring by every means that lay in his power
to adjust the difficulty which he had been charged
with, by instructions from the State Department
here, and with frankness and candor he informed
them what must be the necessary result in case
the controversy could not be settled. " If we can-
' not accomplish anything by negotiation, it fol-
' lows that my Government must take the matter
' into its own hands and apply whatever remedy
' it shall think proper." Such is the purport anil
meaning of Mr. Letcher's language, and nothing
more. I have made these remarks, because I felt
called upon to vindicate our late Minister to Mex-
ico from what I conceived to be an imputation upon
his character as a courteous gentleman. His lan-
guage does not necessarily carry with it insult to 1
the Government of Mexico; ana from my knowl- i
edge of the man, Mr. Letcher was incapable of ;
degrading his high station and his country by ex-
hibiting towards Mexico a domineering, threaten- ;
ing spirit, and applying to her conduct the language
of intimidation and insult.
Sir, one word more. The principal resolution :
reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations, I
and from which the gentleman from New York , j
says the other resolutions are deduced as a proper !
corollary, is one, in my opinion—whether you
treat it as an exception to the general rule, or as '
the general rule itself—is one which ought to be 1
established by this Government in its intercourse
with all the nationsLof the earth. And what is
that rule? It is sitflly this: that we will insist
upon the doing of justice to all our citizens. That
is the whole of it, simply to require that injuries
be redressed, whether they result from a contract
or a tort. Now, suppose the property of any of
our citizens to be upon the sea or the land, and
that a foreign nation should cause that property
to be slteed, confiscated, and appropriated to its
own use. Everybody knows that in a case of
that sort the national authorities would be instant-
ly called upon to vindicate the right of the citizen
against spoliations of such a description. This is
an every-day occurrence among nations. What
is the difference between an injury inflicted upon
a citizen by a tort of that sort and an injury in- !
flicted upon him bjj a contract, in virtue of which 1
a foreign Government ^ets the money or property
of our citizens, appropriates it, and then refuses to
pay according to the contract she has made ?
What is the difference ? The effect is the same 1
upon the citizen. It is the agency of the Govern-
ment which inflicts the injury in both cases; in
principle, in the very nature of things, in point of
moral justice and equity. There cannot be a par- '
ticle of difference in the cases. It is the same
thing to me in point of suffering and injury, if I
lose and am deprived of my property, whether it
be taken by force, or whether it be taken with my
consent, induced by promises of compensation
which are never complied with. Getting money
or property upon false pretenses is the worst and
meanest swindling.
Now, sir, I know thatall these injuries, whether
proceeding from a tort or a contract, when the citi-
zen asks his Government to interpose and see that
his grievance is redressed, are always submitted
to the sound discretion of the Govern ment of which
he is a citizen. I know very well, too, and it should
be so, that Government can only be called upon to 1
interpose upon its own terms, and after due con-
sideration of all the consequences.
That is all right and proper. But as to the j
principle, it cannot make a particle of difference
whether the injury be the result of fraudulent con-
fiscations or violent spoliations, or whether it be ^
the result of violated contracts, or any other
wrongful act of the Government to be made re- [
sponsible. The injury is the same to the sufferer, j
His loss is the same, whether superinduced in the ;
one way or the other. We had the other day, in j'
the debates here, a declaration that Great Britain
was about to levy a distress warrant upon Cuba.
And for what? To secure debts which Spain
owed the citizens of Great Britain. I merely ad- li
vert to this to show that other nations have con-
templated the redress of wrongs to their citizens,
growing out of contracts long before the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations considered the liabilities
of Mexico growing out of the charter granted for
the construction of the Tehuantepec-railroad.
I am not prepared to go into the facts which
the gentleman from New York has collected with
so much assiduity, and for which he deserves so
much credit, and to which he has brought the at-
tention of th« Senate. The honorable chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr.
Mason] has been, no doubt, in his investigations
of this subject, equally assiduous, and will at a
proper time exhibit his view of the facts. I am
satisfied that all the Senate can desire, and all the
country can' ask, is a proper exhibition of the
true state of the case on both sides. When the
facts are properly understood, our country will
then do justice to Mexico in every particular.
Sir, I feel an utter repugnance to put my foot upon
a fallen, prostrate friend or foe. Such a thing
cannot be done by any man who has a particle
of magnanimity left in his bosom. This country
must not, for its own honor, and for the sake of
principle, treat Mexico in any other manner than
she would treat the most powerful nation on the
face of the earth.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) The question pending is on the
motion to postpone the further consideration of
this resolution until Tuesday next.
Mr. SEWARD. I ought not to suffer the Sen
ate to adjourn without saying that the honorable
Senator from Kentucky quite misunderstood me in
supposing that I imputed any want of politeness,
or propriety, or courtesy, to our late Minister to
Mexico. He failed in accomplishing his mission,
but I think I showed clearly that the fault lay in
the source from which that person received his
instructions. I by no means implied that he in
any respect departed from his instructions.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say that I named next
Tuesday as the day to which 1 would move to
have this resolution postponed, because other gen-
tlemen suggested it. I am ready to goon to-mor-
row; but as other business will be before us then,
I cannot do so. I am ready to speak on any day
which the Senate chooses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the further consideration of the
resolutions until Tuesday next.
Mr. DOWNS. I think it would be better to
adjourn on them, and make them the unfinished
business, to enable us to dispose of them as soon
as we can. If we go on postponing the subject, it
will bring us near the close of the session.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to adjourn on them.
Mr. RUSK. I do not want to be in the way
of the discussion upon this subject, but I do hope
that we will not adjourn on these resolutions, so
as to make them the unfinished business. If we
are to act at all on the Pacific railroad bill, we
should act during this week, so that it may be sent
to the House of Representatives to be acted upon
and passed there. I regard it as a matter of im-
portance. I do not want to be disrespectful to
Senators, or to any subject before the Senate, but
I regard it as my duty to press the Pacific rail-
road bill. I shall therefore insist on having it up
on Thursday and Friday, so that we may get a
final vote on it this week, at least. I shall insist
on this, with great respect to other gentlemen.
Still, I do think it my duty to press it. The hon-
orable Senator from Virginia [Mr« Hunter] has
one of the appropriation bills before us now,
which ought to be considered. The discussions
on these subjects are interminable. Every speech
which is made brings out another, and if we keep
on at them, they will drive us into the adjourn-
ment of Congress without doing any practical
legislation.
Mr. BADGER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this subject until Monday
fortnight, to give full opportunity to prepare all
the speeches which gentlemen desire to deliver,so
that we can have them all in one installment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire withdraw his motion?
Mr. HALE. No, sir.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to offer an amend-
ment to the proposition of the Senator from North
Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
