1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
Mr. HALL. I supposed it was.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
sta'  of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I now renew my motion to go
into committee.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair.)
On motion liy Mr. HALL, the committee took
up for consideration House bill No. 224, to amend
an act entitled " An act to create the office of sur-
' veyor general of the public lands of Oregon, and
• to provide for the survey and to make donations
' to the settlers of the said public lands,"approved
September 27, 1850.
Mr. HALL. As the amendments of the Sen-
ate, which strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill, have just been read in the House, I
move that their further reading be dispensed with.
Mr. VENABLE. I must confess myself to-
tally ignorant upon the subject of the bill, and I ;
am really gratified that it has been brought into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It seems to have grown into a practice
here, pending bills making grants of millions of
acres of land, that, because a half dozen gentle-
men happen to understand it, the House acts upon
the presumption that everybody else does. Upon
that presumption the previous question is called,
and the House forced to vote upon the bill with-
out sufficient knowledge of its contents upon the
part of the members.
Mr. HALL. I move that the committee rise,
with a view of closing the debate upon this bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If the reading of the
bill is insisted upon by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Letcher,] or by any one else, I sup-
pose it must be read.
The CHAIRMAN. Such is the opinion of the
Chair. The reading can be dispensed with only !
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SACKETT. Is the bill under considera-
tion the one that has just been read in the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understands
it.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order to movetosus- ,
pend the reading of the bill ? 1
The CHAIRMAN. It can be dispensed with !
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. VENABLE. I call for its reading.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I suppose the Clerk
reads only the amendments.
Mr. CLARK. The amendments constitute the
whole bill, as they strike out the whole House
bill after the enacting clause.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses, and had proceeded, without amendment
being offered, to the ninth section, which is as
follows:
" Jind he it further enacted. That alt reservations hereto-
" fore, as well as hereafter, made in pursuance of the four-
teenth section of the act to which tins is an amendment,
shall, for magazines, arsenal*, dock-yards, and other need-
ful public uses, except for forts, be limited to an amount
not exceeding twenty acres for each and every of said ob-
jects at any one point or place, and for foils to an amount
not exceeding six hundred and forty acres at any one point
or place : Provided, That if it shall be deemed necessary,
in the judgment of the President, to include in any such
reservation the improvement of any settler made previous to
such reservation, it shall, in such ease, be the duty of the
Secretary of War to cause the value of such improvements
to be ascertained ; and the amount so ascertained shall be
paid to the parly entitled thereto, out of any money not
otherwise appropriated."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
that I correctly understand the provisions of that
section. My understanding of it is, that if any
place may hereafter be selected for a fort, not in-
cluding more than six hundred and forty acres, i
which may previously have been improved by a
settler, the Secretary of War shall cause it to be
valued, and that the settler shall be paid for the
improvement. I wish to inquire of the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] if it is intended also
to include the land ? I am perfectly willing that
the settler should be paid for his improvements,
but that the Government should have the land j
without paying for it. 1
Mr. HALL. The bill states, in express terms,
J that the Government shall pay for the improve-
ments and not for the land. If, however, the
gentleman from Tennessee does not regard it as
sufficiently explicit, 1 am willing that any amend-
ment should be adopted to secure that end. I do
not think it right that the settler should be paid
for the land, but he should be paid for his im-
provements.
Mr. JONES. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri if the bill provides that the occu-
pants of any such lands so improved, and which
may have been selected by the Government for a
fort, may select any other lands for his residence,
in lieu of the one of which he shall be deprived
for public purposes?
Mr. HALL. It does not. If the gentleman
will propose an amendment to meet his objection
I will accept of it.
Mr. JONES. I think the bill should certainly
embrace such a case.
Mr. LANE. The existing law allows to every
man oneclaim, and if byanact of Government he
should be deprived of land which he now has, he
certainly could select another tract under the law
as it now egdsts. No amendment is necessary to
cover the case alluded to by the gentleman from
[Tennessee. If the Government says that the tract
which any settler occupies is not his, he has the
right to go upon any unoccupied land and make a
claim.
Mr. JONES made some remarks which could
not be heard by the Reporter in consequence of
the confusion in the Hall.
Mr. HALL. The suggestion made by the
gentleman from Tennessee is correct, and the only
objection to it is, that if the bill should be amend-
ed, it would have to go back to the Senate; and
from the pressure of business at this late stage of
the session, it may be lost; and inasmuch as the
gentleman from Oregon says that the bill is now
sufficient, I hope the gentleman from Tennessee
will not press his amendment.
Mr. PENNIMAN. I desire to ofFer the follow-
ing amendment to the section by inserting:
Provided, That improvements only shall be paid for, and
the settler inay locate other lands, and equal in amount to
those so taken by the United States.
Mr. LANE. I have no other objection to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Michi-
gan than this: at this late period of the session, if
the bill is sent back to the Senate it may be lost.
If the gentleman will look at the provisions of the
bill as it now stands, he will find that it provides
for the payment for improvements only. The
object of his amendment is provided for in the bill.
The sections were most carefully framed by the
Committee on Public Lands in the Senate, and
they were well satisfied that the Government was
well protected in everything. It passed the Sen-
ate without a dissenting voice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon examina-
tion of the bill, I cannot see any good to be effect-
ed by the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan. The bill, as it now stands, provides
for the examination of, and payment for the im-
provements, and for no more, it does not include
the land. Under the general law now existing,
the one deprived of his lands under this act, has
the right to make another location, and will con-
tinue to have that right. As I said before, I do
not see any good to be derived from the gentle-
man's amendments; and, if adopted, it will send
back the bill to the Senate, and subject it to the
danger of being lost in the press of business.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Penniman; and it was not
ageed to. '
The question then recurring upon agreeing to
the Senate amendments, it was put, and decided !
in the affirmative. [
So the amendments of the Senate were adopted, i
Mr. HALL. I suppose now the chairman of
the committee will report the bill to the House, j
with a recommendation that the amendments of
the Senate be concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be laid aside
to be reported to the House.
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
Mr. HALL. I move that the bill for organizing
the Territory of Nebraska, be now taken up.
Mr. SIBLEY. I move that House bill No. 41,
entitled "A bill granting the right of way and
' making a donation of public lands to the Terri-
' tory of Minnesota, to aid in the construction of
' a railroad from the falls of the St. Louis river to
■ St. Paul on the Mississippi river," be now taken
I up for consideration. That bill, without objection
on my part, was, during the last session, infor-
mally passed over, that there might not be embar-
rassment in the transaction of other territorial
business. That bill is of great importance to the
people of Minnesota.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the next bill on
the calendar, and will now be taken up for con-
sideration, unless otherwise ordered by the com-
mittee.
The title of the bill was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. STUART. I think that we had better dis-
pose of the other territorial business before con-
sidering that bill. It is of vastly more importance
that we should take up for consideration and ac-
tion the bills for the organization of the new Ter-
ritories.
Mr. SIBLEY. If the gentleman will permit
me to make a remark or two, I think I can satisfy
him with regard to this bill. During the last ses-
sion of Congress, at the appeal of the chairman
of the Committee on Territories, that the territo-
rial business might not be retarded by a long de-
bate, I allowed that bill to be informally passed by.
I have already stated to the members of the Ter-
ritorial Committee, that I am as anxious to expe-
dite business reported from that committee as
any member can be. I now only ask that the bill
to which I have adverted, be taken up for consid-
eration; and I will here state, that if it give rise
to debate, I do not propose to press it to a vote. I
do most earnestly solicit at the hands of this com-
mittee, the consideration at the present time, of
the onlyt)ill now before it, bearing upon the inter-
ests of the Territory of Minnesota. In five or
ten minutes, I think I can satisfactorily demon-
strate the necessity for its passage.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Michigan submit any motion?
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit a motion to
II take up the bill to organize the Territory of Colum-
> bia, r.nd after that the bill to organize the Terri-
I tory of Nebraska, and a bill providing for a road
; extending from the frontier settlements through
to Oregon and California. And I submit it now
that those are matters of vastly more importance
than the construction of a railroad in Minnesota.
I have no objection to the bill of the Delegate from
that Territory; so far from it, the gentleman will
do me the credit to say that I have, during the
time I have had the honor of being a member of
j: the Committee on Territories, done everything that
: was reasonable for that Territory. But will it be
! said by any gentleman of this committee, that it
i is more important to occupy these two days—and
we have only two days for the consideration of
territorial business—in discussing the question of
a grant of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in Minnesota, than to organize the Territories
of Columbia and Nebraska, and furnish the means
of protection to the emigrants thither? I cannot
think so. Now, although this may be the only
bill Minnesota has for consideration, it presents
this state of facts: That that Territory has been
most liberally dealt by heretofore. There are
other measures from Territories belonging to this
Union now in a suffering condition. I submit,
I therefore, the motion 
j Mr. SIBLEY. Before the gentleman submits
his motion, I desire to say a word in reply to his
remarks.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. Before the bill has been read through, [
think discussion is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Illi-
nois. The question of priority of business is not
debatable. What motion does the gentleman from
Michigan make?
Mr. STUART. I move that the bill to organize
the Territory of Columbia be now taken up for
consideration.
Mr. SIBLEY. I would inquire whether my
motion that House bill No. 41 be taken up for
consideration be first in order?
Mr. STUART. The gentleman*^ motion will
be in order if mine does not prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the bill referred to by the Delegate from Minnesota
was the one next in order, and the committee were
about proceeding to its consideration, when the
