544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move to strikeout the last
section of the bill. It reads as follows:
"Set. 18. be it further enacted, Tliat the Presi-
dent of the United States be, and he hereby is, authorized
to enter into negotiation with the Indian tribes of said Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, for the purpose of securing the assent
of said tribes to the settlement of the citizens of the United
States upon the lands claimed by said Indians, and for the
purpose of extinguishing the title of said Indian tribes in
whole or ui part to said lands; and that, for the purpose of
carrying into efl'ectthe provisions of this section, the sum
of fitly thousand dollars is hereby appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.''
I have submitted the motion to strike out, for
the purpose of directing the attention of the com-
mittee and the country to the existing condition of
our Indian relations. I think that it must be ad-
mitted by all who have taken the trouble to reflect
on the subject, that the time has arrived for a
change of the policy of this Government with re-
gard to the Indian tribes. Every man who is
acquainted with the present dealings of this Gov-
ernment with the various Indian tribes, is fully
aware that almost every transaction has its com-
mencement and its end in fraud and robbery.
Notwithstanding all the agencies that have been
established and all the instrumentalities of the
Government for the protection of this defenseless
people, they are stricken down, and seemingly
abandoned to a fearful destiny; and if we are to
continue this policy, 1 ask that it shall be done
openly. Let the country know that it is our pol-
icy to plunder these people; not make a mockery
anew by the pretense of a treaty. I hope to see
that section stricken out, and the Congress of the
United States, not only at this session, but at all
future sessions, providing that the Indian tribes
instead of being cheated out of their territory and
rights, shall be incorporated as citizens, and by
law be enabled to hold land in severalty as citizens
of the United States hold it. It is my earnest desire
to see the end of the system of Indian plunder.
Let those people become citizens of the United
States, and let them have a portion of territory
assigned them.
I trust the day has come when the last treaty
has been made for the acquisition of the Indian
territory on the continent of America. If mem- ;
bers will investigate the history of the past, they
will be satisfied that it is demanded of us as a na-
tion to preserve our national character, and to
take a step towards a radical change of policy in
relation to the Indian tribes on this continent. I
take occasion, before leaving the Halls of Con- ;
gress, to declare it as my solemn conviction, that i
there should be no more treaties made for the ac-'
quisition of the land of the Indians, in accordance
with the long-established policy of the Govern-
ment. There should be an effort to uphold and
sustain the faith of the Government towards the
Indians. Let our undertakings, as guarantied
by solemn treaties, be duly appreciated and pre-
served.
Mr. HALL. I only desire to make a single
suggestion. I am inclined to think that the gen-
tleman is correct, and that the Indians should be
so provided for that they would ultimately become
citizens of the United States. But most assuredly
the gentleman does not contend that ten thousand
or twelve thousand Indians should occupy a coun-
try large enough for two or three large States.
They can have no use for it. All this amendment
prpposes is, that the Government may buy from
the Indians such lands as they do not want, but
which may be useful to our citizens.
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman will excuse
me from going into details with reference to this
matter. 1 do not now propose to look into the
consequences that may follow this policy. I in-
tend only to avow openly, as a conviction of my
mind, that the time has come when there should be
no more treaties with Indian tribes in this country,
who have no powerto enforce their rights. I pro-
test against any more treaties until we respect
those already made. They are a mockery, and
I hope they will no longer be persisted in. I
would be glad to see the Congress of the United
States, and those gentlemen who are better pre-
pared to discuss this subject in detail than I am,
come forward and propose an entire change of
policy. I am anxious to have it declared that we '
shall hereafter act on principles honorable to us
as men, and honorable to us as a nation.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I should like to ask !
the gentleman a question before he sits down. t
I Mr. BROWN. You cannot do that, for he
' has already taken his seat. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I desire to know of the gentle-
man whether he thinks any gentleman would ac-
cept the office of Governor if he could not have the
eighteen per cent. ?
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope the gentleman will
regard me as serious, and excuse me from an-
swering his question.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I understand from
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] that a
Eortion of the territory west of the Missouri has
een specifically granted by treaty stipulations to
certain Indian tribes, who are now in possession
of the territory so ceded. I wish to know of him
how the United States acquired the title to the ter-
ritory so ceded; or whether they hold it by mere
occupancy, as what he calls the " neutral ground"
is now held by the United States. And whether
any difficulty has arisen out of these cessions from
adverse claimants ?
Mr. HALL. 1 will state in reply to the gen-
tleman, that I believe a portion of that country
was acquired by treaty from the Kansas tribe of
Indians. However that may be, 1 can only say
that there has been no controversy between the
Government and the Indians in regard to that ter-
ritory.
Mr. SWEETSER. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 trust the gentleman
will withdraw that motion, in order to enable me
to move that the committee do now rise and report
the bill to the House, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. CLARK. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois will not be agreed to.
I have had occasion to look into this matter, and
from the examination I have made, it seems very
clear to me that this bill does violate the treaty of
1831. That treaty conveyed to these Indians a
certain tract of land fifty miles square, in fee, so
long as they existed as a tribe and occupied it.
To that was suspended a provision that it never
should be embraced within the limits of any State
or Territory. Then, sir, to embrace it now within
a State, would be a clear violation of that treaty;
and although the bill excepts them from the juris-
diction of the Territory, yet everybody must per-
ceive, that if their land be surrounded on all sides,
it must lead to the creation of it into a new Terri-
tory and a practical violation of the treaty. Now,
it strikes me as being very clear, that if there is
not territory enough in that locality to create a
territorial government without violating treaty
stipulations, without encroaching on that set apart
by treaties for the Indians, we ought not to create
it. There is no reason—there is no necessity for
it. We ought to keep that treaty in good faith,
or we never ought to have made it. The whole
object of making it, I submit to the good sense of
the committee, was, as is expressly guarantied,
that these people might maintain their separate
Colitical existence—that it should not be destroyed
y their territory being included within any State
or .Territory. And they ought not to be included,
and the Indians placed in such a position as to be
again forced to cede their lands contrary to the
treaty.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman admits that there
is an express provision in that treaty that no ter-
ritory belonging to any Indian tribe with whom
we have a treaty shall be embraced within the
limits of any State or Territory. Those Indians
will not be included within the Territory proposed
to be established by this bill. But the gentleman
says, that if you organize a Territory which will
embrace the country around the territory of these
Indians, you in spirit violate that provision of the
treaty. Now, I would inquire of him whether he
contends that a treaty, which stipulates that fifty
square miles of land shall not be embraced within
any Territory, amounts to a prohibition to the
establishment of a territorial government over one
thousand or one hundred thousand square miles
contiguous to that fifty square miles situated as
that to which the gentleman adverts?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman has called
the attention of the committee to the territory ap-
propriated under the treaty of 1831 to the Shaw-
nees of Ohio. There is a provision of that treaty
that you will not extend territorial or State gov-
ernments over them. Now they are in the first
section of this bill excepted from its provisions.
But there is another fact, which he has not investi-
gated to the extent, I presume, that the committee
have done, to which I desire to call his attention.
The treaty of 1831 set apart for those Shawnee
Indians by metes and bounds a particular territory
west of the Missouri. They refuse to enter on
and hold that land, and they come and demand of
this Government pay for it. It is just and proper
the Government should pay for it. The Shaw-
nees are not in possession of that land, but they
are in possession of another portion of country in-
cluded in this territory. They do not, as I have
said, propose to hold the land set apart by the
treaty, but claim $97,000 for it. Provision is made
by this bill to treat with these very Indians to ex-
tinguish their tMe.
I will not trouble the committee with reading,
but I will content myself with saying, that I have
the deed made by the President of the United
States to the Shawnees of Missouri. No deed
has been made to the Shawnees of the Ohio, the
tribe to which the gentleman refers. The opin-
ions, the correspondence, and everything from the
Indian Bureau, go to show they do not claim, and
do not propose to take, the land which was set
apart by metes and bounds.
Mr. ORR. I trust the gentleman from Texas
will yield to a motion that the committee do now
rise.
Mr. HOWARD. When I have made a brief
statement, I will give way. My friend from Illi-
nois is mistaken in the facts in relation to this mat-
ter. The Shawnee papers have been in my hands,
and I have thoroughly examined them. The
treaty of 1825 secured to the Ohio and Missouri
Shawnees, as tenants in common, these fifty miles
square. The treaty of 1831 makes the guarantee
which has already been read to the committee; and
the patent issued in 1844 was for the benefit of the
Ohio and Missouri Shawnees jointly, or it rather
created them tenants in common.
And so far as the other branch of the treaty is
concerned—to specify the country selected—the
Kansas have selected a country fifty miles square,
on the Kansas. They have the land vested in
them by patent as well as treaty; but I will con-
sider that subject more at length hereafter. I give
way to the motion that the committee rise.
Mr. ORR. I make the motion that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration, according to
order, the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 348, to establish the ter-
ritorial government of Columbia, and had directed
him to report the same to the House, with sundry
amendments, with a recommendation that the same
do pass; and that the committee had also had under
consideration House bill No. 353, to organize the
Territory of Nebraska, but had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. STUART. I will ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for a moment. I do not
propose to put the territorial bill reported from the
committee with amendments to the House upon
its passage; but I propose to make the motion,
so that it may come up to-morrow morning.
Mr. McMULLIN. We have not a quorum
here, and I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. STANLY. What hour does the evening
session commence
TheSPEAKER. Weadjourntillseveno'clock,
by order of the House.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till seven o'clock, p. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of William R.
Gable, instrument maker at the National Observatory,
Washington, praying that the additional percentage voted
by Congress for clerks, &c., in the Executive Department*
of the Government, may be enjoyed by persons employed at
