548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 8,
ried through, and for that purpose I move the pre- i
vious question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move to
divide this question ?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
Mr. VEXABLE. I rise to a point of order. I
ask the Chair if the previous question tan be sec-
onded when there is no quorum?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no doubt
about it; but the record shows that there is a quo-
rum.
Mr. VENABLE. But two or three of the last
votes show that there is not.
The SPEAKER. If there were but fifteen mem-
bers present, it would still be competent for them
to call the previous question upon a resolution like
this.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he withdraw the call until
we can divide this question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der. The question is not debatable unless the
gentleman from New York withdraws his call for
the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I appeal to the
gentleman from New York to withdraw his call
for the previous question until the question can be
divided so as to have it taken first upon sending
the Sergeant-at-Arms 
[Cries of " Order! Order!"]
Mr. DEAN. I should be very glad to accom-
modate the gentleman, but I cannot withdraw mv
call.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I move that the resolution of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] be laid
upon the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
Upon seconding the call for the yeas and nays,
only 18 gentlemen rose.
Mr, BROWN. I demand that the other side be
counted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must recol-
lect that when the doors were closed only 118 had
answered to their names, and 18 is not one fifth of
that number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HALL. I move that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. STANLY. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
inquire of the Chair whether, if the House now
Mr. McMULLIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ORR. Has there any business transpired
since that motion was put?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
since been ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MACE. Inasmuch as a quorum is now
present, and we could proceed to business, 1 move
that all further proceedings in the call be dispensed
with. j
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now in 1
order; the main question having been ordered to
be now put, upon the resolution of the gentleman i
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] The House
can only accomplish that object by first voting
upon the resolution.
Mr. HENN. I demand tellers upon the motion
to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNair
and Smith were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 35, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SACKETT. I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. That motion will not be in
order until the resolution of the gentleman from
South Carolina is disposed of.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it not in order to move to
dispense with the entire proceeding?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered to
be put.
It would not be in order to
move to change the hour of meeting.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table.
Mr. HALL. I move to lay the resolution of
the gentleman from South Carolina on the table.
Mr. CARTTER. Has not that motion been
already made and voted down ?
The SPEAKER. It has; but some work, such
as it is, [laughter,] has been done since.
Mr. CARTTER. Has there been any vote to
adjourns, all further proceedings in the call will be i c'ianSe 'he position of the resolution ?
dispensed with, or whether the question to-mor- ! , T}le SPEAKER. A vote upon the amendment
The SPEAKER. The rule prescribes that it
must be done before the call of the ro'l com-
mences.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Hali,
was not excused from voting.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
[Cries of" Call the roll!"]
The Clerk proceeded to call the name of Mr.
Abercrombie.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I desire to direct the
attention of the House to the fact that it is now
past nine o'clock 
[Shouts of " Order !" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama rise to make a motion ?
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. No, sir.
A Member. Move to be excused fiom vot-
ing.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I do not want to be
excused. I want to vote, but I desire to know if
I can give my reasons for the vote I shall give?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot, the
main question having been ordered by an express
rule of the House.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. Then I vote againqt
the resolution.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to be excused from
voting.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that it is not in order for
the gentleman from Ohio to be excused from vo-
ting after the Clerk has commenced to call the
roll.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Alabama state whether he responded to the call ?
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. W^hen I sat down I
stated that I voted against the resolution.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay that motion upon the : „ ?PEAn^E^- Tfh.eD th,e mot'T S™-
' 1 ; tleman from Ohio is not in-order. The Clerk will
11 proceed with the call.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will it be in order to have the
, resolution read ?
i [Cries of " No!" "No!" "No!"]
I The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unani-
I mous consent.
j The question was then taken, and it was de-
I cided in the negative—yeas 41, nays 68; as fol-
i lows:
table.
I Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Would it
j not be in order to move to take a recess till to-
!! morrow at ten o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
take a recess at all.
Mr. STANTON,
to move to adjourn
morning?
The SPEAKER.
Would it be in order, then,
till ten o'clock to-morrow
row, on our meeting, will be upon the passage of
the resolution of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina?
The SPEAKER. The proceedings in the call
cannot be dispensed with without a special order
from the House to that effect.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms take into custody
the absent members of the House, and brine them to the
bar of the House.
The amendment is as follows:
Provided, That they be delivered here to-morrow, instead
of to-nigbt. '
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the amendment, and it was decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
STANTON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair, if the resolution of the gentleman from
South Carolina be adopted, what the House will i:
do while the Sergeant-at-Arms has gone after
the absentees ?
The SPEAKER. That is not for the Chair to
determine.
The question now being upen the passage of the
resolution,
has been taken.
Mr. CARTTER. Then the motion is in or-
der.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
not laid upon the table.
Mr. HALL. *1 move that the House do now
adjourn. '
The question was put, and the motion was not !
agreed to. !
The question again recurred upon the adoption , j
of the resolution.
Mr. HALL. I move that I be excused from j
voting upon that resolution. j
Mr. RICHARDSON. The previous question
having been moved and seconded, by our rules [
there are but two motions which are in order. I '
think, therefore, the gentleman from Missouri has
not the right to move to be excused from voting.
' He can only move to adjourn, or to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. HALL. If the gentleman will read the
: rule, I think he will see that I have the right to be
| excused from voting. •
! The SPEAKER. Before the question is put
, upon the adoption of the resolution, the gentleman
j from Missouri has the right to ask to be excused
from voting; but if the Chair recollects the rule
aright, that proposition is not a debatable one.
Mr. DUNCAN. I ask the Chair whether the
gentleman from Missouri has that right until his
name is called ?
: YEAS—Messrs. Bartlett, Briggs, Joseph Cable, Oald-
, well, Curtis, Daniel, Darby, John G. Davis, Dean, Duncan,
Eastman, Faulkner, Gamble, Gorman, Green, Haven,
j Hendricks, Hibbard, Hillyer, Letcher, Mace, Millson
Molony, Murray, Nabers, Orr, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps
Price, Robie, Russell, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smart, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
. Stratton, and Venable—41.
, NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averett, Bell Ben-
i nett, Bibighaus, Bowie, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Canter
Cask,e, Chandler, Cha«tain, Clark, Cobb, Cottman, Dim-
mjck, Doty, Evans, Fay, Fitch, Florence, Thomas J. X).
Fuller, Giddings, Goodenow, Grow, Flail, Harper, Isham
G. Harris Henn, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, Howard,
D,1°I",a^7 r ,°WC' Jackson, Jenkins, John Johnson,
Robert VV. Johnson, George G. Kinjj, Landry, Little Mc-
Corkle McDonald, McMullin, McNair, Miller 7ohn
Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Newton, Porter, Preston, Rich-
ardson, Robbins, Sabine, Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Scurry, Frederick P. Stanton, Sweetser, Taylor,
Thurston, Townshend, Ward, and Yates—68.
So the resolution was not adopted.
Pending the call,
Mr. LOCKHART said: I should like to vote in
the negative on this question. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire whether it is in
order for a gentleman to reach the Hall from the
gallery? [Great laughter.]
Mr. CARTTER. There is no rule upon that
subject.
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the House do
; now adjourn.
I Mr, HALL. I ask the gentleman to withdraw
, the motion, that I may make a motion that all
further process in the call be dispensed with.
iyir. UAK11LH. Oh, no. It 13 now ten
o clock.
i Let us go to work.
I ' withdraw my motion.
1, Mr. HALL. Then I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The question was taken, and the motion was
i agreed to.
! Mr. CARTTER. I move that the House now
■ adjourn.
j . The motion was agreed to, and the House ad*
I journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
