550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 9,
Franklin Pierce, of Sew Hampshire, 254; for
Wixfiki.d Scott, of New Jersey, 42; and the
state of the vote for Vice President of the United
States, as delivered by the tellers, is, for William
R. King, of Alabama, 254; and for William A.
Graham, of North Carolina, 42.
1 therefore declare that Franklin Pierce, of the
State of New Hampshire, having the greatest
number of votes for President, and that number
being a majority of the whole number of electors,
has been duly electtd President of the United
States for four years, to commence on the fourth
day of March next.
I also declare that William R. King, of the
State of Alabama, having the grea'est number of
votes for Vice President, and that number being
a majority of the whole number of electors, has
been duly elected Vice President of the United
States for four years, to commence on the fourth
day of March next.
The business for which the joint meeting of the
two Houses was convened is dispatched, and Sen-
ators will now return to their Chamber.
The joint meeting of the two Houses of Con-
gress was then dissolved, and the Senators repaired
to the Senate Chamber.
The Speaker then resumed the chair.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT UPON THE PRESIDENT
ELECT.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution: •
Resolved, Th'it two members of the House be appointed
by that body to join a committee or one member of the
Senate, to be appointed by that body, to wait on Frankdin
Pierce, of New Hampshire, and inform him that he has
been duly elected President of the United States for four
years, commencing on the fourth day of March, 1853.
Mr. JONES. That resolution is the one usually
adopted by the two Houses upon such occasions.
It merely provides for the appointment of a joint
committee to wait upon the President elect, to in-
form him of his election. It says nothing as to
informing the Vice President of his election. The
custom, upon examination, ig found to have been
that, when the Vice President was in the city, or
was expected to be here by the time of the inau-
guration, the committee would also wait upon him
and inform him of his election. But it has been
the universal custom, when the Vice President
elect was not at the seat of Government, for the
Senate to adopt a resolution directing their Pre-
siding Officer to cause the Vice President elect to
be informed of his election. That is the reason
that this resolution does not include him.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Speaker appoint the committee provided for in
that resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does not that follow as a
matter of course ?
Mr. CARTTER. Certainly it does.
The SPEAKER. The attention of the Chair
has been called to the resolution just adopted.
From its language the Chair cannot appoint the
committee unless directed by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Chair appoint the committee named in the resolu-
tion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
decided in the affirmative.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WlLDRlCK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled the
following bills;
Senate bill (No. 510) for the relief of Asa M.
Elliott;
Senate bill (No. 97) to make the salary-of the
judge of the criminal court of the District of
Columbia equal to that of an assistant judge of
the circuit court of said District;
Senate bill (No. 360) for the relief of the widow
of John A. Lynch; and
Senate bill (No. 584) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue a register to the barque
Fanny, under the name of Golden Mirror.
Which said bills thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Speaker.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. VENABLE. I move that when the House
adjourns it ad journ to meet at twelve o'clock, m.
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The House has, by a two-
thirds vote, adopted a resolution that there shall
be evening sessions, and the Chair is of opinion
that the motion is not in order.
Mr, VENABLE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. LANE. I appeal to the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion, to allow
me to introduce a bill in reference to Territories,
so that it may be taken up and considered to-mor-
row, which day is to be devoted to territorial
business.
Mr. VENABLE. I withdraw it.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, then intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
! ; ' amend an act to settle and adjust the expenses of
! ' the people of Oregon from attacks and hostilities
' of the Cayuse Indians, in the years 1847 and
' 1848," approved August 21, 1852; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the stateofthe
Union, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
before the House is the further consideration of
the report from the Committee on Ways and
Means in regard to 
Mr. HALL. Is not this the day for territorial
business ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that
this day was stricken out by an amendment the
other day, and Thursday substituted; but the
Chair is now informed by the Clerk that Thurs-
day was added to the days for the consideration
of territorial business, and such business is now
in order.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asburt Dickins, its Secretary, in- |
forming the House that the Senate had passed a
resolution that a committee of one member of the l
Senate be appointed by that body, to join a com- '
mittee of two members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, to be appointed by the House, to wait
upon Franklin Pierce, of New Hampshire, to no-
tify him that he has been duly elected President of
the United States for four years, to commence on
the 4th day of March, 1853, and that Mr. Hunter
had been appointed such committee on the part of
the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
message be taken up and concurred in?
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
concurred in.
Mr. JONES. I move that the Speaker appoint
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The House has already or-
dered the committee to be appointed by the Chair.
Mr. JONES. Our resolution has not yet gone
to the Senate, and it will not be necessary to send
it, as the Senate resolution has been concurred in,
and the Speaker can appoint the committee under
this Senate resolution.
The motion of Mr. JONES was agreed to, and
the Speaker appointed Messrs. George W. Jones
i and Harry Hibbard as such committee on the
| part of the House.
I Mr. HOUSTON- I wish to appeal to gentle-
men who have charge of territorial business, that,
as they can get through with their business to-
morrow, they will give this day to the consideration
of the Army appropriation bill. It is important
that it should be passed, and there is no difficulty
in getting their business through to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. According to the special
order of the House, the business first in order is
the consideration of the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HALL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that theJHouse resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. EWING. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns it adjourn
to meet to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. HARRIS. I make the question of order
that the motion just made is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
motion is not in order.
Mr. EWING. I appeal from, the decision, of
the Chair.
Mr. STANLY. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table. _ „
Mr. EWING. I will state my reasons in three
words.
The SPEAKER. In regard to the adjourn-
ment, no debate is in order.
Mr. EWING. I wish merely to state the
grounds of my appeal.
Mr. HALL. 1 nae to make an inquiry of the
Chair.
1' Mr. EWING. May I not as well make an in-
| quiry of the Chair?
I The SPEAKER. The Chair would be happy
i to hear the gentleman's reasons for taking an ap-
1 peal.
i Mr. EWING. Can I ask whether the House,
in the same way, can adjourn over for three days
without disturbing the resolution, and without its
having its general effect for the time being ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
I the motion is in order.
; Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Hillyer were appointed.
Mr. ORR. What is the question before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion that when the House adjourns, it be to meet
! to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ORR. Does the Speaker decide that it is
in order to submit that motion?
The SPEAKER. Tfie Chair decides that it is
in order.
Mr. ORR. The adoption of that resolution
will be the rescinding of the one for night sessions.
The SPEAKER. Under the Constitution it
would be competent for the House to adjourn for
three days.
Mr. ORR. With great respect, I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CARTTER. 1 move to lay that appeal
upon the table.
I The SPEAKER. When the proposition waa
1 first made, it occurred to the Chair that the effect
of its adoption would be to rescind the order of
the House to meet at seven o'clock. It is compe-
tent for the House, under the Constitution, to ad-
journ, if it choose, for three days at a time, but
not for a longer period.
Mr. WOODWARD. I understand that the
resolution requires the House to take a recess until
seven o'clock in the evening. If so, I hold that
we cannot adjourn now to twelve o'clock to-mor-
row. I may be mistaken as to the language of
the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man from South Carolina will allow me a word,
the order of the House requiring us to meet at
seven o'clock in the evening is not more bindrng
than the imperative standing order that we shall
meet each day at twelve o'clock. If we can ad-
journ over one day, why cannot we adjourn over
1 one night, notwithstanding the special order?
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the Speaker
whether it would be in order for the gentleman to
rise and move that when the House adjourns, it
be to meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock ?
The SPEAKEft. It would not.
Mr. ORR. Why? Because there is a resolu-
tion adopted by a two-thirds vote of the House
fixing the hour of meeting? The standing rule
providing for the meeting of the House cannot be
; amended unless by a two-thirds vote.
The SPEAKER. Is it not a standing order
that the House shall meet at twelve o'clock daily ?
Mr. ORR. That is so.
The SPEAKER. Then, would the gentleman
insist that it was not competent for the House to
adjourn over one day?
Mr. ORR. That has been the praotice.
•J*16 It's the right of the House.
Mr. ORR. The effect of the pending proposition
is to set aside, by a majority vote, a rule adopted
by a two-thirds vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot see how
a greater dignity or force can be given to an order
of the House to meet at seven o'clock than to an
order to meet at twelve o'clock: and if it be in or-
der to adjourn to meet the next day after to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, it is in order to meet to-
morrow at that hour.
Mr. CARTTER. I believe the motion to lay
the appeal on the table is not debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WOODWARD. In reply to the remark
