1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
and act upon it understandingly. With regard to
the Texas debt bill, I apprehend its friends do not
expect that it will pass the Senate and House of
Representatives in the shape of a separate bill. I
imagine, from hints which have been thrown out,
that it is intended to offer it as an amendment to
one of the appropriation bills. If so, the discus-
sion can take place then. I repeat, I feel an anx-
iety—and I hope the Senate will sustain me in that
anxiety—to come to a vote on the Pacific railroad
bill during the present week.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President,! wish to be
permitted to say to the honorable Senator from
Texas, that I think he is mistaken in supposing
that the Pacific railroad bill is the special order for
to-day. The bill relating to the Texas debt was
made the order of the day for the sixth of Janu-
ary. It was postponed through courtesy, and was
made the order of the day for the next Monday
following. Other business intervened on that day,
so that it is true the Texas bill was not taken up.
Subsequently, the Senator from Texas got up the
bill which he introduced, for constructing the rail-
road to the Pacific. That bill had the precedence
of the Texas bill so long as it remained the unfin-
ished business from day to day; but more than
one day having intervened, it has lost its prece-
dence, and now, as I understand the rules of the
Senate, the Texas debt bill is the order of the day
for to-day. It is the first on the list. That being
the case, and it having been put aside so long, I
hope we shall be allowed to take it up to day. It
is desirable at all events, whether we pass the bill
or not, that the discussion should be had upon it
now. I do not know that there is any intention
to offer it as an amendment to any other bill; but
if that be so, it is clear we shall have no time to
discuss such an amendment when the civil and
diplomatic bill is before us. It is desirable that we
should discuss it now; otherwise, the Senate will
not be prepared to act upon it at any time.
Mr. RUSK. The reason why I stated that the
Pacific railroad bill was the order of the day, was
this: I think the Senator from Maryland was not
in his seat when it was last up. It will be remem-
bered that on Tuesday that bill was before us, and
the honorable Senatorfrom Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
was going on with a speech when he gave way
for a motion foran adjournment. Yesterday was
appropriated to other business, and no legislative
business was done; so that to-day stands in the
same relation, legislatively, that yesterday did to
the day before, when it was the unfinished busi-
ness. The honorable Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] was in the middle of his speech when
he yielded to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will take up the
bill relating to the Texas debt, and decide it in some
way or other to-day; either pass it or postpone it
indefinitely, which I should prefer. As to the
idea of having a debate upon that question when
we have an appropriation bill before us at the close
of the session, it is manifestly impossible that we
should have such a debate at that time. I hope
we shall have the debate to-day, and dispose of the
question in some shape or other. It seems to me
the Senator from Maryland is right, and that the
Texas bill is the special order. The bill relating
to the Pacific railroad lost its precedence because
we did notadjourn on it yesterday. We adjourned
on it on the day before, which would have given it
the precedence yesterday, and therefore the Texas
bill seems to me to be the special order for to-day.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe the Senator from
Maryland is, strictly speaking, in a parliamentary
sense, correct, that there is really no special order
before the Texas bill. But I did not intend, by
my motion, to raise that question, or tajje any
advantage of the situation of the bill which the
honorable Senator from Texas is so anxious to
have disposed of. I shall be perfectly content,
after the honorable Senator from Maryland has
been heard, to pass the bill over, with a view to
take up the railroad bill. I made the motion for
that purpose, to enable the Senator from Maryland
to go on with his remarks; and if we see proper
to discuss the matter further, we can do so at a
future time. I know of no intention to discuss it
in connection with the appropriation bills. I have
heard of none.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator from Indi-
ana intend that the Senator from Maryland shall
be heard on the question, and nobody reply to
him?
Mr. BRIGHT. I merely suggested that the
Senator from Maryland should be heard to-day.
As a matter of course, others will have an oppor-
tunity to speak on the question, if they wish to 1
do so. I shall wish to say something upon it my-
self.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, if the bill is taken up,
we shall go on with the discussion, and dispose
of the question. If the Senator from Maryland
speaks, I shall reply to him.
Mr. CASS. 1 agree with the honorable Sena-
tor from Indiana that every proper courtesy to a
member of the Senate requires that the Senator
, from Maryland should be allowed to go on to-day.
He has come prepared with that view. But then
I agree with the Senator from Indiana that the
other bill is very important. After the Senator
from Maryland has spoken, I shall be willing to
let his bill go by for a day or two. That will not
stop the discussion upon it. It is not necessary
to have all the discussion in one day. We know
from experience that our deliberations last a good
while in some cases, and that nothing is foreclosed
by the delay and letting the questions go over.
Mr. ADAMS. The morning hour has not yet
expired. We have a resolution upon the table,
offered by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwi.v,] in relation to the time of the meeting of
this body, which, I think, the anxiety which is
expressed to take up different bills, presents in a
most favorable attitude for consideration at this
time; and therefore, as the morning hour has not
expired—I take no interest in the contest between
gentlemen as to which bill shall have the prefer-
ence—I propose, by unanimous consent, that we
take up that resolution changing our hour of meet-
ing; and I notify the Senate that if it shall be
taken up, I will move to strike out " Monday
next " and insert " from and after this day," so
that we shall meet at eleven o'clock instead of
twelve, after to-day. That will enable us to do
a great deal of business. The committees have
already reported more than can possibly be acted
on at this sessios, and by meeting at eleven we
can save an hour each day, which will be of great
service to the Senate. I suggest that we act upon
that resolution now.
Mr. BUTLER. We have not many days left
for the transaction of legislative business at this
session I suppose there are now under discussion
three or four of the most important measures that
have ever been discussed in this body; and I do
; not think it would bean unfortunate thing for the
1 country if none of them passed at this session.
The resolutions in reference to Cuba and our for-
eign relations, which have been made, I am sorry
to say, the subject of public agitation in this body,
the Pacific railroad bill, this Texas iflatter, the
homestead bill, Bennett's land bill, and others,
are all under consideration, and 1 think it would
be better for the country if there should be no
judgment formed upon them at this session at all,
and on that account, paradoxical as it may ap-
pear, I shall oppose the Senate's meeting at eleven
o'clock. I think the shorter time we sit, and the
sooner we go home, the better. It was my pur-
pose to have participated in the discussion of some
of these questions on our foreign relations, but I
have not had the opportunity. Gentlemen take
them up as they choose, discuss them as much as
they think proper, and others lose all opportunity
to speak upon them, and thus we have but a single
view of these subjects going out to the communi-
ty, without any response from public opinion, ex-
cept so far as is presented by those gentlemen.
Here is my friend from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey,] who has been anxious to speak on
many of these important questions. Gentlemen
who have great projects, and command the ear of
the Senate by their eloquence, advertise on what
day they intend to speak, and courtesy will allow
it. I think the more speaking and the less action
on those subjects the better. I do not care how
much gentlemen speak upon them, but if the
speaking is to go on, " let us," as the Kentuckian
said, " have a free fight;" let us all have an op-
portunity to express our views. According to
the courtesy heretofore extended toothers, 1 think
the Senator from Maryland should speak this
morning; but when he does speak, he must expect
to be spoken to back again. [Laughter.] Let us
have a fair fight, sir. Therefore, I shall oppose
; taking up this railroad bill, this mammoth bill
i that everybody is willing to ilde on, and shall go
for taking up the Texas debt bill. I am rather
impartial in regard to both. I give these reasons
to the Senator from Mississippi for not meeting
at eleven o'clock. I say it will be an unwise
thing to meet sooner than twelve o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the resolution which 1
offered yesterday will be taken up.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope my motion will be put.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Indi-
ana has a motion pending before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Is it in order? Is not until one
o'clock appropriated to morning business? And
cannot I object to taking up any other subject
until we get through the morning business ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senate can determine
by a majority of votes what it will take up.
Mr. GWIN. I hope my resolution will be
taken up and acted upon.
Mr. BRIGHT. If I believed the vote could
be taken on it without discussion, I should not
object.
Mr. GWIN. It will not be discussed.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from South Car-
olina has notified us that he will object to it.
There are other Senators who will object to it. I
desire the question put on my motion.
Mr. RUSK. I differ entirely from the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, who thinks
that we should do better to talk and not act. I
am one of those who go for talking little and act-
ing much. I am not anxious to get up the Pacific
railroad bill for the purpose of discussing it, al-
though I stand, perhaps, in a situation to be read
out of the Democratic party for my supporting it.
I feel amply able to defend myself on that score;
but I shall not consume the time of the Senate in
doing it. My object in getting up the bill is to
get a vote upon it. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina says we should wait. Sir, the
section of country from which both he and I come
have waited until all the balance of the country is
ahead of us. We have waited long enough, and
upon this very subject we are behind the times.
A large majority of the Legislatures of the States
have said that we should make a road from the
Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. It has been be-
fore us an absolute necessity for seven or eight
years. Therefore, it seems to me, the time has
come for action; and I hope the friends of the bill
will stand by it, if there is a majority of the Sen-
ate in favor of it, not for the purpose of discussing
it, but for the purpose of acting upon it during the
present week.
The honorable Senator from Michigan talks
about courtesy to the Senator from Maryland.
He cannotgo further in courtesy towards thatSen-
ator than I would; but where is our courtesy to the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who is in
the middle of a speech upon the Pacific railroad
bill, and who regards that bill, however others
may, as an important matter for the country?
Where is our courtesy to him ? I hope the Sen-
ator from Maryland will not misunderstand me.
I would go as far towards extending courtesy to
him as I would to any one else; but my State is
involved in the question. I know he will repre-
sent it fairly; I feel confident he will; but there is
something to be said on the side of the State of
Texas; and is it proper and right to bring up a
bill of indictment against the State, and imme-
diately after the charge is made, postpone it with-
out any answer being given to what is said
against the State ? Is that courtesy ? Is that fair?
Is that right? Iam anxious to meet this ques-
tion the moment 1 have any opportunity of doing
so. I am anxious to meet it fairly, and, as I have
stated before, whenever I have time to do so, I
mean to prove my words before the Senate, that if
there is repudiation in this matter, it is the United
States Government that has made the repudiation.
Mr. CASS. Unlike the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] I think ther«
are topics which should be brought to a decision,
[ and which I trust will be brought to a decision,
t I believe it is understood that the honorable Sen-
J ator from Illinois [Mr. Dobglas] has the floor on
| Monday on certain resolutions which I offered;
| and I merely desire to express the hope that gen-
j tlemen who intend to take part in the debate on
| that subject, will then be prepared to go on.
I Then, with a joke or two from our fountain of
hilarity, which runs in a perennial stream, and
copiously at all times, let the senatorial temper
be what it may, whether our subjects be gay or
