554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
graven li^timrimpormnt; and~in addition to that
any arguments which may he made, 1 do hope
and trust the Senate will come to a decision, and
establish the foreign policy of the Government
upon principles compatible with its honor and in-
terest.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I should like to
know which the Senator considers the joke, taking
Cuba or Canada' 1 am serious about Canada;
and if the Senator is joking about Cuba, I think
he had better stop it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to sav to him—and I say it in a spirit of kind-
ness, for I have a personal regard for him, and he
knows it—what every member feels as strongly
as I do, and, L believe, every auditor, also, that
there are theaters in this country more appropri-
ate for the display of the peculiar propensities in
which he is too much in the habit of indulging
than this great theaterof executive and legislative
action. I repeat, sir, there are theaters more ap-
propriate; and we are told by the wise man of
Israel that "there is a time for all things." I
think so; and, sir, there should be a time when
the grave nature of our discussions should shield
us from the interruption of an untimely joke; and
I regret, sir, that neither our dignity, and I may
say our usefulness, has been regarded; and I re-
gret that the history of our proceedings for the
last six years shows that we are rarely exempt
from the gratification of the propensity to which I
allude. That is all I have to say, and now the
Senator from New Hampshire can go on.
Mr. HALE. Sir, I did not expect such a lec-
ture as that this morning, and I really think it
wouid have been fair that I should have had notice
of it; but as it has come, 1 will endeavor to meet
it as well as [ may. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Michigan, as he is here a Senator,
and I am too, that I am obliged to him for the
suggestion, and will endeavor to profit by it. I
perhaps should have been able to profit by it more
to the advantage of the country if it had come
earlier, because my term of six years is nownearly
out, and if it had come sooner I might have taken
advantage of it; but as the honorable Senator has
tome time to stay here, and any ad vice which 1 may
give him may do some good, I will give him some,
and it is this: If we will come here, and devote
ourselves to the legitimate purposes of legislation—
if we will remember that we are Senators of the I
United States, not knights-errant of mankind in
feneral and the world at large—if we will en-
eavor, in the discharge of our duties, to confine
ourselves to those matters which appropriately be-
long to discussion here, and if we will not, even
from considerations pertinent and appropriate, no
doubt, undertake to throw a drag-net over all crea-
tion, fancying that we have a responsibility and a
reputation wide enough to take in charge all the na-
tions and families of the earth, and all the interests
pertaining to time, not to say eternity—if we will
content ourselves with the legitimate discharge of
the duties that appropriately belong to us, remem-
bering that we are Senators of the United States—I
can assure the Senator, that so faras I am concerned,
in the little time that I have to stay here, he will find
me working as hard, and as earnestly, and as seri-
ously as any man whocomes here. But when I see
what I deem censurable—when I see what I deem
unworthy conduct in an American Senator, and
matters brought up which are unworthy to be
brought before the consideration of an American
Senate, if I am young and humble, 1 think I can
better administer a merited rebuke under the mild
form of a pleasant joke or a smooth sarcasm, in-
stead of getting up and thundering out anathemas
against what I consider erratic influences that
ought to be pruned, and kept, to say the least of
it, from the Senate Chamber—if I can do so, I
think I ought to have credit for kindness, instead
of being rebuked in the manner in which 1 have
been.
I say, then, sir, that I have had occasion to
think—and I am sorry that the honorable Sen-
ator has given me cause to say it—that the Sen-
ator from Michigan, governed, no doubt, by high
and honorable and patriotic and noble impulses,
has brought to the consideration of the Senate^
matters and subjects, at a time and in a man-
ner that I thought entirely improper. My re-
spect for him, my kind feelings, and my regard
for him, have induced me to give utterance to the
sentiments which I have entertained in a manner
not savoring of severity, not savoring of harsh-
ness—nothing of that sort—but by a mild and
gentle satire, not appropriate to the case, I con-
fess, but 1 think eminently called for in the judg-
mentof the country; I have endeavored to rebuke
those matters in the way that I have done. If it
has not met his approbation, I regret it. But I
say now, that if the thing was to be done over
again, so far as the Senator from Michigan is con-
cerned, I would adopt a liifferent course. I think
that 1 have as clear perceptions, possibly, as most
men of my years. I think that I have the mode
and the manner, and the power of giving utterance
to those perceptions plainly, when I will; and if I
have endeavored to point, or rather to take oft the
point, of the censure which I have thought it my
duty to administer to erroneous propositions im-
properly brought forward, under the form of mild-
ness, and in the mode with which the Senator
seems disposed to find fault, it should be attributed
to an excess of good nature, rather than a desire
to throw ridicule upon the Senate, and upon sub-
jects which are brought here for consideration.
I will not go on to instance those matters in
relation tq which I have thought I was called upon
to find fault. I leave the matter with the Senate,
and I leave it with the country. I am willing that
the issue shall go out to the country, and let it
settle who it is that has trifled with the Senate, or
with the legitimate and appropriate business that
belongs to the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. We have been three quarters of
an hour trying to find out what we shall commence
with. I hope we shall have a vote now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make one remark
upon the motion of the honorable Senator from
Indiana, and 1 do not often trouble the Senate. 1
hope that the subject of the Texas debt will not
be taken up if it is not to be discussed at length,
or discussed at least so far as that a speech shall
be made for and against it. It is not fair that the
honorable Senator from Maryland,prepared as he
is, and able as he is, should give his impressions
upon one side of the subject, and send them out
to the world unanswered, and if anything which
he said should happen to be erroneous, left to go
unrefuted, I therefore hope, that unless it is in
contemplation to hear the subject discussed fully on
both sides, it will not be taken up at all. I am as
anxious as any Senator on this floor to hear the
subject discussed at length, and to derive all the
information I canon the subject, and be instructed
by the discussion, if I am in error in my convic-
tions; but I object to the discussion going on with
one speech in favor of the bill and none against it.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no desire to escape a
reply—none at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that.
Mr. PflfARCE. On the contrary, I should feel
mortified if my remarks should be deemed to have
so little weight as to go without a reply; and I will
say to the honorablegentleman.that sofaras I am
concerned, he shall have every opportunity of re-
plying.
The motion of Mr. Bright was agreed to.
TEXAS DEBT BILt.
The Senate accordingly proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to consider the bill to provide
for the payment of such creditors of the late Re-
public of Texas as are comprehended in the act
of Congress of September 9, 1850; the question
pending being the amendments reported by Mr.
Pearce, from the Committee on Finance, to the
bill.
Mr. MASON. Before theSenator from Mary-
land proceeds with his remarks upon the bill,and
the amendments which he has offered, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance I wish to offer
a substitute for the whole bill, in order that it may
be before him when he makes his remarks.
Mr. PEARCE. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor that I would prefer that the vote should first
be taken on the amendments of the committee. I
think it would be proper to allow the bill to be
perfected by the committee before the gentleman
offers his substitute, and I presume it is the same
which he offered at the last session as an amend-
ment to one of the appropriation bills. I shall
notice it in the course of my remarks, as if it were
before the Senate, but I should prefer that it should
not be moved as an amendment to the bill until
the Committee on Finance have proposed their
amendments intended to perfect the bill, which I
think is the proper and parliamentary course.
Mr. MASON".—I supposed that the Senate
would allow the Committee on Finance to present
the bill in its amended form, as their bill, and if
that course should be taken, 1 should attain my
desire, which is to have a vote on the substitute
which 1 intend to present. My desire is to have
that substitute before the Senate in regular order
when the discussion commences; but 1 do not wish
to embarrass the Senator from Maryland in the
least degree.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Morton
in the chair.) The Senator from Maryland is en-
titled to the floor, and unless he yields, the sub-
stitute cannot be received.
Mr. MASON. I desire to have my amendment
before the Senate when the discussion commences;
but I do not wish to embarrass the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the amendment has
been laid on the table and printed.
Mr. MASON. Informally. It has not yet been
offered.
Mr. PEARCE. It can be considered as offered,
and we can discuss it the same as if it were actu-
ally offered, and therefore I do not see any ad-
vantage to be gained by offering it at this time.
Mr. MASON. The only advantage will be
this: In offering it now, I shall attain the end I de-
sire to attain, and have a vote upon this as the first
vote taken upon the measure.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator will permit me to
suggest, that if the Senate will now consider the
amendments submitted by the Committee on Fi-
nance which have been printed, and one other
which has not been printed} but which is neces-
sary to carry out the same idea, I then shall have
no objection to the Senator offering his proposition
as a substitute.
Mr. MASON. Perhaps it would not be well to
hurry the Senate into that, because if the amend-
ments of the committee.were adopted, they might
not afterwards be open to modification; but I will
wait for another opportunity.
Mr. PEARCE rose and addressed the Senate
at length in favor of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER replied in opposition to the bill.
[The remarks of both gentlemen will be found in
the Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor.
Mr. RUSK. It is evident that we cannot come
to a vote on this question to-day, and therefore I
move to postpone its further consideration until
Tuesday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to my col-
league to move its postponement until to-morrow,
for I should like to speak then on the subject.
Mr.-HALE. I would suggest that Tuesday
next has been made the special order for the report
of the Committee on Foreign Relations on the Te-
huantepec grant.
Mr. RUSK. The Pacific railroad bill has been
made already to give way to the Tehuantepec
grant, and we can see whether this or the Tehuan-
tepec grant shall give way on Tuesday next.
Mr. CASS. Let us finish this matter now.
Mr. BUTLER. We cannot do it, unless we sit
till midnight.
Mr. RUSK. It has taken nearly a whole ses-
sion to perfect one practical measure, and I doubt,
therefore, whether we can finish this in a day. I
move to postpone its further consideration until
Tuesday next.
Mr. BROOKE. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BUTLER. I know that it is not in order
to discuss the motion to adjourn, but I wish to
say that I shall vote for the adjournment in order
to give the Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston]
an opportunity of being heard on this subject to-
morrow.
The motion to adjourn waa agreed to; and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 10, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gai.laher.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the bill reported from the Committee of the-
Whole on the state of the Union -to>establish ♦he
Territorial,Government of Columbia.
•Mr. STUART. I demand the previous ques-
