556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
of the House to introduce a bill from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, in regard to the Territory
of New Mexico. I ask to have it reported, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The titlf of the bill was then read, as follows:
" A bill extending the provisions of theact of September
23. 1850, in regard to the extra pay of commissioned of-
ficers and enlisted men serving in Oregon and California,
so a* to include officers and enlisted men of the Army ser-
ving in New Mexico."
Is that a territorial bill
It is not, in the opinion of
Mr. HOUSTON.
The SPEAKER,
the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON.
Then I must object to it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Rich-
ardson's motion, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by Millard
P. Fillmore, his Private Secretary. Also a mes-
sage notifying the House that he did, on the 9th
instant, approve and sign bills of the following
titles, viz:
H. R. No. 232. An act for the relief of C. L.
Swayze, in relation to the location of certain
Choctaw scrip.
H. R. No. 233. An act granting the right of
way and making a grant of lands to the States of
Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from a point on the Mississippi,
opposite the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little
Rock, to the Texas boundary, near Fulton, in
Arkansas, with branches to Fort Smith, on the
Mississippi river.
H. R. No. 265. An act for the relief of Joseph
M. Wilcoxon, of the State of Missouri.]
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair,) upon House bill No.
353, to organize the Territory of Nebraska, upon
which the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard]
was entitled to the floor. |
Mr. HOWARD. I will not detain the House
long with any observations upon this subject. In
looking into the subject since the adjournment of
the other evening, I have come to the conclusion
that the bill in its present form is in every way
exceptionable and should not pass this Congress.
In the first place, it is a bill to create the Territory
of Nebraska within limits which contain about
three hundred and forty thousand square miles.
Within the limits of that vast territory it is not
even asserted that the white population exceeds
some six hundred souls. I do not conceive that the
wants of that people can call upon Congress at
this time to create a Territory of that extent, which
must in the sequel lead to the formation of two ,     
states. Apart and separate from all that, there is l any other person or persons whatever,
another objection to the measure, which I think LarSe>voL "> P- 425.
should be conclusive with this committee: It is, Kaskaskias, Peoriai, Weas, and Piankeshaws.
that it violates the treaty stipulations with some : ~Jil\'??hf0ctwerJ',1?33' \v- Ttle Uni'ed States
eighteen Indian tribes and bands of Indians who J Sn&es^ ^
have been moved west of the Mississippi, to , fifty sections of land forever, or as long as they live upon it
whom this Government has given certain guar- s«e,Sio<. at Large, col. 7, p. 404.
[ tricts to be so described, by natural or artificial marks, as to
| be easily distinguished from every other."
I " Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in the making
1 of any such exchange or exchanges, it shall and may be
: lawful for the President solemnly to assure the tribe or na-
tion with which the exchange is made, that the United
States will forever secure and guarantee to them antl their
heirs or successors, the country so exchanged with them ;
and, if they prefer it, that the United States will cause a
patent or grant to be made and executed to them for the
same: Provided also, That such lands shall revert to the
United States if the Indians become extinct or abandon the
same."
It is clear that the foregoing provisions consti-
tute a compact with these tribes in relation to these
I lands which it is not competent for this Congress
to violate, and which it ought not to disregard, if
it had the power.
It is well known that when these tribes agreed
to remove, that third section of the act was actet^
on to the extent that those who negotiated treaties
with the different tribes of Indians assured those ;
tribes, one and all, that they should be maintained 1
west of the Mississippi, outside of the limits of '
any State or Territory, and that no State or Ter-
ritory should be organized which would embrace
them. In a large number of cases, the assurances
thus given by the act of 1830 was incorporated in
the treaties. For the purpose of enabling the
committee to understand at once the extent to
which this provision was incorporated in the va- 1
rious treaties removing these tribes, I have had
the provisions extracted from those treaties, and I
will now send them to the Clerk's desk, that they
may be read. The committee will bear in mind
that these are precisely the tribes that are to be in-
terfered with by this bill, and that are to be em-
braced in the Territory of Nebraska, if it is organ-
ized with its present limits.
The Clerk then read the extracts, which are as
follows:
Cherokees.
Treaty of 1835. "Akt. V. The United States hereby
covenant and agree that the lands ceded to the Cherokee
Nation in the foregoing article shall m no future time, with-
out their consent, be included within the territorial limits
or jurisdiction of any State or Territory. "—Stat, at Large, |
vol. 7,^.481—[See also preamble to treaty of 1828.—Stat, i
at Large, vol. 7, p. 311, and art. 1, treaty of 1846.—Stat,
at Large, vol. 7, p. 871. J I
Senecas and Shawnees. '
Treaty of 1831. "Art. XI. The lands granted by this >
agreement and convention to the said band of Senecas !
and Shawnees shall not be sold or ceded by them, except
to the United States, and the United States guarantee that i
said lands shall never be within the bounds of any State or
Territory, nor subject to the laws thereof ."—See Stat, at
Large, vol. 7, p. 353—See also 2d art. of treaty of Febru-
ary 28,1831, with Senecas—SfaJ. at Large, ro'l. 7, p. 349.
Quapaws.
Treaty of 1833. " Art. II. * * * the United
States agree to convey the same by patent to them and
their descendants as long as they shall exist as a nation or
continue to reside thereon j and they also agree to protect
them in their new residence against all interruption or dis-
turbance from any other tribe or nation of Indians, or from '
    " ' " See Stat, at
antees that they shall never be included within
any State or Territory, which this bill, in my esti-
mation, violates. It is well known that the policy
of emigrating Indians in the United States, west
of the Mississippi, originated with Mr. Monroe,
in 1825. It was matured under the administration
of General Jackson, and the policy was carried
out by the act of 1830; and if he had left no other
monument of the great measures of his Adminis-
tration, this would be one which would perpetu-
ate his name in history.
The act of 1830 sets apart a certain country,
■ j°™ls t0 outside of any State or any organ-
ized Territory, and authorizes the President to
.?Uaraul^fa ltl.e Indiana who move there i Treaty of 1831. « Art. IX. *  
ttiat they shall maintain their position beyond the | United States guarantee that said lands  nan never De
limits ot any lerritory or any State. That the i wui>ln, the bounds of any State or Territory, nor subject
committee may understand the question fully I to the laws thereof: ""d further  h«t ti. 
will read the first and third sections of the act:
" Se(T. 1- BJr )[ m°ftcibv the Senate and House of Rev-
sentatives of the XTmt.^A -r a • , r
Treaty of October 29,1852. « Art. II. The United States !
; cede to the Piankeshaws andWea tribes, lor their perma- !
i nent residence, two hundred and fifty sections of land with-
! in the limits of the survey of the lands set apart for the i
j Piankeshaws, Weas, and Peorias."— See Slat, at Laree
vol. 7, p. 410. 6 '
Miamies. <
I Treaty of 1838. " Art. X. The United States stipulate i
i to possess the Miami tribe of Indians of, and guarantee to
them forever, a country west of the Mississippi river, to
, remove to and settle on when the said tribe may be disposed ■
to emigrate from their present country, and that guarantee
is hereby pledged.*'—Sec Stat, at Large, vol. 7, p. 571.
i?"10* " Art« VIII. "It is hereby stipulated m
that the Miami tribe of Indians shall remove to the country
assigned to them west of the Mississippi, within five years 1
from this date—Sec Stat, at Large, vol. 7, p. 583. |
Ottawas.
resentativesof the United States of America in CZngress
assembled, That it shall and may be lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause so much of any territory
belonging to the United States west of the river Mississinni
and not included in any State or organized Territory, and
to which the Indian title has been extinguished, as he mav
adjudge necessary, to be divided into a suitable number of
districts for the reception of such tribes or nations of In-
dians as may choose to exchange the lands where they now
reside and remove there; and to cause each of said dis-
And the
hall never be
    --..—"y, nor subject
to the laws thereof; and further, that the President of the
united States will cause said land to be protected at their
new residence, against all interruption or disturbance from
any other tribe or nation of Indians, and from any other
Per3so« or persons whatever.—See Stat. at Large, vol. 7,
Shawnees of Ohio.
Treaiyof 1831. Art. X. Same as preceding.—SeeStat
at Large, vol. 7, p. 357,
Shawnees of Missouri. \
Treaty of 1825. "Art. II. It is further agreed by the
contracting parties, that in consideration of the cession
aforesaid, the United States do hereby agree to eive to the i
Shawnee tribe of Indians, within the State of Missouri, j
for themselves and for those of the same nation now resid-
ing in Ohio, who may hereafter emigrate to the west of the
Mississippi, a tract of land equal to fifty (50) miles square,
situated west of the State of Missouri and within the pur-
chase lately made from the Osages."—See Stat, at Large.
vol.1, p. 284.
Delawares.
Treaty of 1818.—"Art. II. In consideration of the afore-
said cession, the United States agree to provide for the Del-
awares a country to reside in, upon the west side of the
Mississippi, and to guarantee to them the peaceable posses-
sion of the same."—Slat, at Large, vol. 7, p. 188.
i Treaty Preamble, (supplementary) 1829. * * "Andthc
United States hereby pledges the faith of the Government
to guarantee to the said Delaware nation forever, the quiet
and peaceable possession and undisturbed enjoyment of the
same against the claims and assaults of all and every other
people whatever.*'—Stat, at Large, vol. 7, p. 327.
Kickapoos.
Treaty of 183*2.—"Art. II. The United States will pro-
vide for the Kickapoo tribe a country to reside in, southwest
of the Missouri river, as their permanent place of residence
as long as they remain a tribe. And whereas the said Kicka-
poo tribe are now willing to remove on the following con-
dition, from the country ceded on Osage river, in the State
of Missouri, to the country selected on the Missouri river,
north of lands which have been assigned to the Delawares,
it is hereby agreed that the country within the following
boundaries shall be assigned, conveyed, and fore ver secured,
and is hereby so assigned, conveyed, and secured by the
United States to the said Kickapoo tribe as their permanent
residence."—Stat, at Large, vol. 7, p. 391.
Pottawatomies.
1 Treaty of 1846.—'" Art. IV. The United States agree to
grant to the said united tribes of Indians possession and
title to a tract or parcel of land containing five hundred and
seventy-six thousand acres, being thirty miles square, and
being the eastern part of the lands ceded to the United
States by the Kansas tribe of Indians by a treaty concluded
on the 14th day of January and ratified on the 15th of April
of the present year, lying adjoining the Shawnees on the
i south, and the Delawares and Shawnees on the east, on
both sides of the Kansas river, and to guarantee the full and
complete possession of the same to the Pottawatomie na-
tion parties to this treaty as their land and home forever.
Stat, at Large, vol. 9, p. 854.
Kansas.
Treaty of 1846.—"Art. V. As doubts exist whether there
i is a sufficiency of timber on the land remaining to the Kan-
! sas, after taking off the land ceded in the first article of this
, treaty, it is agreed by the contracting parties, that after the
, western line of the said cession shall be ascertained, (and)
1 the President of the United States shall be satisfied that
there is not a sufficiency of timber, he shall cause to be se •
: lected and laid off for the Kansas a suitable country, near
! the western boundary of the lands ceded by this treaty,
which shall remain for their use forever."—Stat, at Larse
j vol. 9, p. 843. 6 '
i Sacs and Foxes south of the Shawnees,.
Treaty of 184%.—t( Art. II. * * * first, Tlllt
the President will, as soon after this treaty is ratified 011
their part as may be convenient, assign a tract of land, suit-
able and convenient for Indian purposes, to the Sacs and
' Foxes for a permanent and perpetual residence for them and
their descendants, which tract of land shall be upon the
Missouri river, or some of its waters."— Stat, at Laree
1 vol. 7, p. 596. £ '
Osages.
Treaty of June 2d, 1825.—" From the lands ceded by the
first article of this treaty, there was reserved, by the second
article, to and for the Great and Little Osage tribes ' so
long as they may choose to occupy the same,' a certain tract
therein described, which is now occupied and held by them
under their original title. "—Stat, at Large, vol. 7, p. 240.
Iowas and Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
Treaty of September 17,183S.—"Art. II. * * There-
fore I, William Clark, Superintendent of Indian Affairs
do further agree, on behalf of the United States, to assieii
to the Iowa tribe and Missouri band of Sacs and Foxes
the small strip of land on the south side of the Missouri
river, lying between the Kickapoo northern boundary line
and the Grand Nemeha river, and extending from the Mia-
souri back and westwardly with the said Kickapoo line
and the Grand Nemeha river, making four hundred sections
to be divided between the said Iowas and Missouri band
of Sacs and Foxes, the lower half to the Sacs and Foxes
ancMhe upper half to the Iowas. "—Stat, at Large, vol. l',
New York Indians.
Treaty of 1838.-" Art. IV. * « * The lands secured
to them by patent under this treaty, shall never be included
in any State or Territory of this Union. The said Indians
shall also be entitled, in all respects, to the same political
and civil rights and privileges that are granted and secured
by the United States to any of the several tribes of emi-
grant Indians settled in the Indian Territory." Stat at
Large, vol. 7, p. 552.
Mr. SIBLEY, (i\lr. Howard yielding the
floor.) I desire to say, that I have prepared a
speech upon a bill which is now on the calendar,
butwhich.it is very evident, will not be reached.
I hope I shall be allowed to print my speech in the
proceedings of the House. [This speech will be
tound in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOWARD, (resuming.) The present bill
embraces all the tribes mentioned in the extracts
which have been read—some eighteen in number.
It embraces all their territory, except that of the
Cherokee Indians, and it includes about half of
the country which was set apart for the use of the
Oherokees. It will therefore be seen that the bill,
