THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1853.
New Series No. 36.
encouragement and protection to the people who
might inhabit that territory, in order not only j
that they might increase and multiply, but in order
also that there might be roads and means of access
between the valley of the Mississippi and this por-
tion of the country. Now, sir, to me Oregon and
California are just as dear as any other portion of
the Confederacy.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will suspend his remarks until order is re-
stored in the committee. The Chair will remind
gentlemen that there is too much noise and loud
talking in the Hall.
Mr. STANLY. The disorder is all on the other
side of the House.
A Member. Oh, no! It is on both sides.
The CHAIRMAN. The disorder is on both
sides of the House.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Will the gentleman
allow me five minutes ? «
Mr. HALL. In two or three minutes more I
shall close what I have to say, and yield the floor.
I was about to say when I was interrupted, that
in my opinion, it is just as much the duty of this
Government to take care of the interests of Cali-
fornia and Oregon, and to protect those countries
by extending our settlements to their borders,
from Missouri and Iowa, as it would be to extend
our settlements from the Atlantic coast to the Mis-
sissippi valley, if there was a wilderness now
separating them.
As to the Indian intercourse act and that policy,
I regret that it ever was established. It appears
to me that those who at that day represented the
State which I now represent, did not go quite as
far into futurity as they might have done, and as
the interests of the people of my seciion of the
country required. I regret that it is the case, but
having been established, I wish to do nothing that
will interfere with any treaties that may have been '
made whilst that policy prevailed. In my opin-
ion, however, this bill is sufficiently guarded to
protect the rights of the Indian tribes. If it is not
so, then I beg gentlemen to devise amendments
calculated to protect the Indians, and I will vote
for them; but do not raise objections to the bill and
then make no effort to relieve it from the weight of
those objections.
Mr.SUTHERLAND, (Mr. Richardson-yield-
ing the floor.) Mr.Chairman, I think the House
will believe that I tell the truth when I say that
the only argument that has been advanced here in
favor of this bill is that which was stated by the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] a moment
or two since, to wit: that the effect of erecting
this country into a Territory will be its rapid set- ]
tlement. It may be true, as he asserts, that within
two or three years thirty thousand white inhab- j
itants will settle there. I at all events admit that,
for the sake of the argument. And now I want
to ask the gentleman if he thinks it politic, or if
there is any necessity, for erecting this Territory
on that ground?
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman from New
York only take into consideration that we have
California, Oregon, and Utah, which are separated
from the rest of the Union ? I ask him if it is not |
necessary to unite them to the Atlantic side of the
Union by the settlement of the intervening ter- ,
ritory ? i
Mr. SUTHERLAND. All I have to say is
in figures. I want to call the attention of the
committee and of the gentleman to tliis fact: there
are, in the States of Missouri, Illinois, Indiana,
Iowa, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arkansas, Missis-
sippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Florida—these
eleven States—one hundred and thirty-seven mil- j
lions of acres of unimproved land, which have
been/already disposed of by the Government. !
There are, in addition to that, two hundred mil- i
lions of acres of unimproved land which now be-
long to the Government, making a total of nearly 1
four hundred millions of acres of unimproved land
in these eleven land States alone.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman is using the same
sort of argument as was made use of by Fisher
36
Ames against the settlement of the Northwestern
Territory.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. It is for the committee
to judge what sort of an argument I am making.
I want the gentleman to answer my question, and
say what necessity there is for erecting this coun-
try into a Territory at this time, particularly at the
risk of violating the solemn treaty rights of the
1 red men. That question ought to be answered.
I say that there is no necessity for it on the ground
stated by the gentleman, to wit: that it will induce
white population to settle there. I admit, what
the gentleman assumes, that in a few years thirty
thousand white peqple will settle there. But I ask
the gentleman, and I ask the committee, where
those thirty thousand people are to come from ?
Are they to be all immigrants from abroad ? Are
nota portion ofthem to go from Illinois,Missouri,
and the other western States ? I submit that
there can be no necessity for erecting this new
Territory while you have in the eleven adjoining
land States, four hundred millions of acres of land
; yet unsettled and unoccupied—two hundred mil-
lions of acres of which or more are now in the
market.
Sir, in 1842, Mr. Calhoun said that he ques-
tioned the policy of having the public domain
surveyed and brought into mairket as rapidly as it
had been. He said the effect of it had been to
produce the very speculation, the very evils of
which the land States complained. I ask the gen-
tleman from Missouri, and other gentlemen from
t the land States, if they have not complained of
large tracts of unimproved land being held and
owned in their States by speculators and non-
residents, and if the ground upon which the
homestead bill, and many others of the land meas-
ures of this and the last session, were brought
forward and urged, was not to prevent further
speculations in the public lands? I admit that,
upon the organization of this Territory, settlers,
under the act extending preemption rights to
the unsurveyed lands of the United States, which
passed the Senate a day or two since, and under
the homestead bill, (if they should become laws,)
if not under the existing laws and preemption
rights, will rush into it from Missouri and the
other land States. But what have you, what has
the United States gained by thus forcing the pop-
ulation from the land States into this new territory,
leaving four hundred millions of acres of land
in these land States unsettled and unimproved,
nearer market? As to foreigners and settlers from
the old States, will not the four hundred millions
of acres of unimproved land in these eleven land
States alone, furnish room enough for them for
many, many years to come?—and there is Texas
with its many million of acres. I do not, there-
fore, see any necessity, or even expediency, for
this hasty organization of a territorial govern-
ment over an immense tract of land, no part of
which, I believe,has been yet even surveyed, and
the Indian title to not one foot of which has, I be-
lieve, been extinguished. Certainly there.can be
no such urgent necessity for the erection of this
Territory, as to justify an open violation of the
treaty rights of the Irmian occupants, when it is
admitted that there are not to exceed six hundred
white inhabitants in the territory; and even they,
it is evident, must be there without any authority
or right from the United States.
But, to return to the principal, if not the only
ground, upon which the expediency and necessity
for the erection of this Territory is urged by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall.] You
erect your Territory; you buy out the Indian title
to the land; the settler goes there and picks out the
best land. Where the country is best watered,
where the verdure is most grfcen and the soil is
richest, there goes the settler. The settlers are but
the pioneers of the speculators; they select the
choicest lands, and hold on to them only until the
speculators come along and buy them out. Thus
it is that the millions of acres in your land States
are held by speculators. How is that to be pre-
vented ? Not by bringing into market, or by giv-
ing away hundreds of millions of acres of wild,
unimproved land, vastly in advance of the wants
of settlers, arid the demands for cultivation. Not
by uselessly and unnecessarily expending millions
on millions of dollars in extinguishing Indian titles
and making surveys, long, long before demanded
or called for by the increase of population. Sir,
this proposal to erect a Territory with only six
hundred white inhabitants, is but a part of that
"progress" which is so much talked of in these
days. I see no necessity for it. I think that the
Committee on Territories were bound to show the
necessity of erecting, at this expense, a Territory
containing only six hundred white inhabitants;
and the more especially, as it cannot be done with-
out a total disregard of most solemn treaty stipu-
lations with its Indian occupants.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have already yielded
a good deal of my time, and I am very desirous to
bring this debate to a close. I think I can answer
; the gentleman from New York in one or two
| words. I can understand this policy of gentlemen
coming from the old States who are afraid that
their people will go away and settle in the new
Territory; and that is the argument of the gentle-
man from New York—and his whole argument.
That is the only point he makes. It is one that
1 has been urged year after year in Congress, when-
ever any proposition has come up for the benefit
of the West. The gentleman is very much alarmed
indeed, and says it is a crying wrong that the man
who goes to a new country in the West will select
the very best location. He would certainly be a
very great fool if he did not, or if he took the
worst. The gentleman says that we have land
enough to sell in Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, and
the other western States, and he wants to know it
we are ready to enter into competition with this
new country for our population ? Certainly we
are—we are desirous of doing it. If our people
do not desire to remain with us, but want to go
further west, we are willing to give them an op-
portunity of doing so. But I turn from that point
to another.
Mr. Chairman, the argument that is urged most
strongly by gentlemen in opposition to this bill is
the want of population. It is the one that is urged
with most force. Gentlemen have stated that the
population of this Territory amounts to only six;
or eight hundred persons. Probably it does not
amount to more than that. The settlement of that
Territory has been prevented for six or seven years
by the Indian intercourse act and the policy pur-
sued by this Government. But there are to-day,
upon the borders of the Missouri, five, ten, or
fifteen thousand people waiting for you to give
them permission to settle in the Territory, and to
relieve the Government from the expense of the
military force that you keep there. Five thousand
settlers would do more to protect the lines of travel
to Oregon, California, and New Mexico, and all
the interests that you have in the proposed Terri-
tory, than all the troops in your regular Army.
I beseech gentlemen, then, in their investigation
of this matter, if they mean to bind these States
together—if they do not mean to make impass-
able the vast wilderness which lies between us and
the Pacific coast—to reflect that the only means
by which you can unite them, the only means by
which you can send emigrants into that Territory,
is by establishing a government there. And that
is the only means by which you can protect the
Indians themselves.
Mr. Chairman, the expense of establishing a
territorial government over that portion of coun-
try will be more than reimbursed ten times over,
when you come to withdraw from the Army the
great source of public expenditures—the support
of the Quartermaster's Department. The neces-
sity of keeping three military posts in that region
of country, to be supplied from the settlements
with provisions and the necessary stores, involves
an enormous expense. Sir, the best army you
can send there to protect these emigrants you
will find in the men upon our frontier—the men
who go west—the men who cannot see any other
smoke than that from their own fires—the pio-
neers, those men who are always upon the fron-
