1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
bill violates a simple treaty, and the courts will [
hold it to be null. The gentleman is too good a !
lawyer to entertain very much confidence in secur- 1
ins any such decision.
The gentleman says he is in favor of the last
of that Territory, occupied by the Shawnees, and
then say that the lands so occupied by the Shaw-
nees are excepted out of that Territory. It is a
Territory bounded so and so, and can you, by
words, prevent the lands of the Shawnees from
section of the bill, and in favor of that only. We * being included within thatboundary? Can you by
then understand the gentleman from Texas. He any verbiage, by any amendment, take the lands of
is opposed to all bills which create territorial gov- the Shawnees, and place them south of that degree
emnipnts. He is willing to treat with these In- of latitude, or west of the Rocky Mountains? The
land is included in the boundary, and are within
the Territory. Words cannot take the lands out.
Words cannot take the Shawnees out. No ex-
ception or proviso will remove them. Their lands
are and must remain within the Territory, and
they themselves are, and ought to be, within it
until the Government, in a legal and proper man-
ner, and without breaking treaty obligations, by
treaty or otherwise, purchase out their title and
. effect their removal; and whether the land isowned
by the Shawnees or by the Government, it is
equally within the Territory.
Whether the Shawnees, by this proviso, would
not be excepted from the political jurisdiction of
the Territory, is another question. If the treaties,
which have been referred to here, had provided
that these Indians should not be included within
the political jurisdiction of any Territory, that
would have presented a different question, and
! might have raised a doubt. But as the language
of these treaties, and of the law of 1830, is, that
they shall not be included within a Territory, and
, as you cannot erect a Territory with these bounda-
ries without including them, you cannot, by any
mere words or proviso in this bill, take them out.
Sir, the language of the proviso, with or without
the proposed amendment, is a simple absurdity.
The proviso as it now stands is repugnant in words
to that part of the section preceding it, and would
be equally repugnant if amended as proposed by
the gentleman from North Carolina. It is a con-
tradiction of words, and must strike every one so.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the amendment, it was put, and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
I Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not go into
effect before the 1st day of January, 1860.
I have submitted this amendment to afford me
an opportunity to express my opposition to all of
the provisions of this bill. The good faith of the
Government stands pledged for the protection of
the Indian tribes who have emigrated to the coun-
try over which it is now proposed to erect the ter-
ritorial government of Nebraska. I know the
feeling has, to some extent, pervaded the country
that the Indians are a doomed race and must per-
ish, and that, perhaps, the sooner the better. I
have not cherished that feeling, and I never will
be one of those who, by any legislation to which I
may be a party, shall stain my name by a vote
which shall doom to destruction a large portion of
the human race. The bad faith we have kept with
the aboriginal inhabitants of the land we occupy
will go down to future generations to the infamy of
our Government. A race so proud, so brave, and
so stubborn that they would never be conquered,
who have fought us behind every pile of stones
ernments. He is willing to treat with these In
dians, to go through that slow process, and in the
mean time all the great objects of the establish-
ment of a territorial government will be lost, and
emigration to the'Pacific will be driven to another
portion of the Union, from the route which it now
follows. He wants time, but the great interests
of our western people demand the passage of this
bill, and demand it now, and its passage will be a
saving to the Government of many hundred thou-
sands of dollars; for, as I said before, the protec-
tion which you now give to this line of travel,
along which your troops are stationed, and where
two thirds of the expenses of your Army accrue,
will be done hereafter by the pioneer—by the men
who carry Civilization with them—by men who
fell the forest and the foe.
The gentleman from North Carolina says he
has prepared an amendment to the bill, the object
of which is to provide that no territory which by
treaty with any Indian tribe, is not to be brought
under any State or territorial jurisdiction, shall be
included. I yield to allow the gentleman to intro-
duce it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. In the proviso of the first
section which is as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be con-
strued to impair the rights of person or property now per-
taining to the Indians in said Territory, so long as such
rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty between the
T'ntted States and such Indians, or to include any territory
which, by treaty with any Indian tribe, is not, without the
consent of paid tribe, to be included within the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory, until said
tribe shall signify their assenttothe President of the United
States to be included within the said Territory of Nebraska,
or to affect the authority of the Government of the United
States to make any regulation respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or oth-
erwise, which it would have been competent for the Gov-
ernment to make if this act had never passed: Jl-nd pro-
vided further, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to inhibit the Government of the United States
from dividing said Territory into two or more Territories, in
such manner and at such times as Congress shall deem
convenient and proper, or from attaching any portion of
•aid territory to any other State or Territory of the United
States—
Insert after the words, "State or Territory,"
the words "and the said territory shall be ex-j
cepted out of the boundaries, and constitute no :
part of the Territory of Nebraska." j
The object of the amendment is to except, out
of the Territory of Nebraska, the territory guar-
antied to the Indians, until they signify their as-
sent to be included. We shall thus avoid viola-
ting our treaties. If this amendment is adopted, I
shall vote for the bill, though I do not see any
great necessity for its passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am in favor of the
amendment if it will add strength to the bill.
My own opinion and conviction is, that the lan-
guage used in the bill is quite as strong, quite as
pointed, and quite as specific, as that of the amend-
ment of my friend from North Carolina; but I do j and every tree, to protect the graves of their ances-
not think it will do any mischief to the bill, and I tors and the homes of their birth, and who have,
am perfectly willing that it should be included in it. 11 by the mockery of treaties extorted by forcfc, been
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will no ob- I; driven beyond the river Mississippi, are now, in
jection to the amendment. Ij the spirit of rapacity, to be placed under the opera-
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the tion of our laws. Pressed on the west by Oregon,
adoption of the amendment just offered. 1 and on the east by the States, until, coiling round
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I object to the amend- ! them like a serpent, they are enveloped in its scaly
ment, and I wish to state the grounds of my objec- ; folds and crushed in its horrid embrace. When
tion. Theamendmentdoesnotremovetheobjection that thing is done—when such a law is passed,
which I have to that part of the bill. Myposition !l I do not mean_to be accessory to such an act of
1 fl ♦ n 1 fl < B 7 AM A I n 4. Ml 11 Mai* ■ A Y    . .     *  . V.I "
is this: Hereig a bill which organizes a Territory
by metes and bounds. It is to be bounded by the
Rocky Mountains on the west, by the States of
Missouri and Iowa on the east, by the forty-third
degree of north latitude on the north, and by the
Territory of New Mexico and the parallel of 36°
30' on the south. Now, the lands occupied by the
Indians, which the gentleman from North Carolina
intends by his amendment to except, and which
the proviso in the first section of the bill, as it now
stands, was probably intended to except, are within
those bounds. It is simply absurd—it is an absurd-
ity in words to say that you can organize a Ter-
ritory by metes and bounds, which includes, for
iastance, fifty thousand acres of land in the center
oppression. They are our fellow-men, but we
have driven them from their land by the hand of
force and rapine. We have made treaties with
them at the point of the bayonet, and we have
removed them beyond the river Mississippi. We
have pledged the faith of the Government to pro-
tect them from interruption and disturbance in the
territory given them in exchange for their homes;
and we are now asked to throw around them
what is called civilization, to bring them in con-
tact with the white man, with all his vices. En-
croachments upon their rights will cause them to
resent what they have resented before. A na-
tional war will ensue, and after their herpes have j
been bathed in blood, we will take possession of'
the country which the strong hand of rapacity has
seized. I never mean, under any circumstances,
to sustain a proposition of the sort. When the
Camanche mounts his steed, after having placed
his ear to the earth and heard the hostile tread of
enemies, and placed his lance beforehim, prepared
to meet the attack, fights in defense of his altar,
his wife, and his children, and all that is dear to
him, I honor him for it. After we have placed
them under the protection of the treaty pledged
by the good faith of the United States, and when
there are only a few hundred white men there, it
is gross iniquity for us to erect over them a terri-
torial government, which none can doubt will lead
to their total extermination.
; The system of removal of the Indian tribes rec-
ommended by General Jackson, and carried out
at great expense, was predicated upon the high
duty which devolved upon this Government to
protect and preserve the remnant of the aborigines,
now melting away before the aggression of the
white man like the snow before the sun. The
policy was founded in benevolence, and completed
by the will and purpose of the distinguished author
of the system—one who in peace and in war
well understood the Indian character, and, fol-
lowing the kind impulses of a generous heart as
well as the convictions of a sound judgment, ad-
vised a course which will effectually protect the
remnant of Indians who now linger on our con-
tinents. This bill is the first step to the overthrow
of that policy. The white men who emigrate to
these Indian reservations, are subject to Indian
rule, or they are trespassers from the beginning.
They have no claims upon us, or none which
should override our treaty obligations with those
whose very helplessness entitle them to protection,
justice, and good faith.
[Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
I amendment. We are not proposing to declare
war against the Indians. I would oppose it and
i vote against it at all times.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof
to insert the following:
! That the President of tlie United States be, and he hereby
! is, authorized to enter into negotiation with the Indian
1 tribes occupying the lands west of Missouri and Iowa, for
I the purpose of securing the assent of said tribes to the set-
: tlement of the citizens of the United States upon the lands
claimed by said Indians, and for the purpose of extinguish-
ing the title of said Indian tribes in whole or in part to said
lands; and that for the purpose of carrying into effect the
provisions of this act, the sum of $50,000 is hereby appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. STUART.. I rise to a question of order.
1 make the point that the amendment is not in
order at this place.
Mr. JONES. Will the gentleman state his rea-
sons why it is not m order?
! Mr. STUART. I make the point that the gen-
tleman 's amendment is not in order to this bill to
| organize the territorial government of Nebraska.
! Mr. JONES. It is certainly in order, because
it is one of the sections of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order ia
not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to the original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
must befirst decided. The Chair, however, would
be happy to hear any suggestion with reference
to the point of order. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee moves to amend the bill by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting the sub-
stitute which has been read; which substitute the
Chair perceives to be substantially in effect and
in terms the last section of the bill. The title is
" A bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska,"
but the title of a bill does not always state all of
its contents, and in this case sections are contained
in the bill, in addition to those for the organiza-
tion of the Territory, to make provisions con-
cerning the title of the Indian tribes to the land of
the Territory. The effect of the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee is, to reject all the
provisions of the bill except the one which he pro-
poses to retain. In the opinion of the Chair, the
amendment is in order.
Mr. JONES. I have not offered this amend-
ment to enable me to make a five minutes' speech,
but I have submitted it in good faith. If adopted,
