564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
I shall g-ire my vote in favor of the passage of the
bill; but I cannot vote for the bill to organize the
Territory of Nebraska as it now stands. We
have not, as I understand, one foot of land in that
proposed Territory to which the Indian title has
been extinguished. I am for starting fair and
according to justice. It is contended that if the
restrictions of the existing laws are removed, our
people will crowd there; but 1 think that it will be
time enough for us to organize a territorial gov-
ernment for that country when we have, with the
consent of the Indians and by the payment of a
fair price, extinguished their title to the lands, and
they have been settled on by our citizens. If,
however, this amendment be adopted,authorizing
the President of the United States to negotiate for
the extinguishment of the Indian title, I will vote
for the bill.
Mr. STUART. Mr. Chairman, I am very re-
luctant to enter into the discussion of this propo-
sition. The day has been spent in talking on a
subject which has seemed to me to be very plain.
A new proposition is now started, that inasmuch
as the Indian title is not extinguished, we should
not provide a territorial government.
Mr. LANE. You extended your laws over the
Territory of Oregon, and to this day the Indian
title has not been extinguished to one foot of that
Territory, which is occupied by between fifty and
sixty triben, consisting of more than one hundred
thousand Indians. You have no treaties with
them.
Mr. STUART. That never has constituted a
reason why territorial government should not be
extended over the Indian country. There is noth-
ing that would argue it should become one. On
the contrary, a single glance at this subject will
show that the fifty or sixty thousand emigrants
on their way to California and Oregon, demand at
the hands of the Government protection. In the
manner proposed protection will be afforded them
by a trifling expenditure out of the Treasury. By
establishing a territorial government, you give
those who may hereafter settle there the pro-
tection of the laws, and by the construction of
a road through the country, you furnish the very
best protection to the overland emigration. If you
do not do that, you must establish military posts
there which will cost the Government thousands of
dollars, and afford even then an inadequate de-
fense to the emigrants. Do something while you
can. Begin now instead of eighteen months hence
to do what ought to have been done two years
ago. Protect your own citizens, and their wives
and children, from the scalping-knife and the tom-
ahawk of the savage, before you extend your
sickly sympathy to their murderers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to add as a new
section the following before the vote is taken on
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.]
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That so soon as the Governor
of the Territory of Nebraska shall enter upon the discharge
of his duties as such, the fndian superintendency at St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, shall be abolished, and its
duties shall be transferred to and performed by the said
Governor of Nebraska.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to; there being on a division—ayes
92, noes not counted. I
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I wish to offer an
amendment striking out the proviso in the first sec- :
tion, and inserting the following: \
Provided, That no part of this act, except the eighteenth
section, shall jo into effect without the consent of the Indian
tribes now occupying said Territory under treaty or treaties
with the United States.
JMr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order, and it is this: that we have passed from the
consideration of that section, and made an addi-
tional section to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment of the |
gentleman from New York out of order, the com- I
mittee having passed from that section. j
Mr. CLARK. Is it in order to move an amend- S
ment to the first section? 1
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order if ob-
jected to.
Mr. CLARK. It is to insert in the sixth line
after the words " forty-ihree," the words " and a
half." My reason for this is, that the northern
boundary line of Iowa is upon that latitude.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object to going back,
and shall raise obiection to every proposition of
the kind.
Mr. CLARK. I apprehend it is too late now.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman should
have made his objection before the gentleman sub-
mitted his amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
Chair that he deems it necessary that I should
make an objection again, when I had made one in
a similar case, and said that I should object to
every proposition of the kind .'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa would be
received, if there was unanimous consent of the
House, called for objections, heard none, and then
stated that the gentleman from Iowa could proceed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no doubt that
the Chair is correct, but I do not desire to open
the bill to amendments, so as to defeat its pas-
sage.
Mr. CLARK. I think it will be most conve- I
nient that the boundary designated by me should
be the northern boundary of this Territory. The
northern boundary of Iowa has been surveyed at
great trouble and expense. It cost several thou-
sands of dollars even to fix the starting point, and
although I am not much of a practical surveyor, I
am inclined to the opinion that it will be much
easier to prolong this line than to fix a new point,
and from that prolong the line. At all events, it
will be most convenient, and I think it will be
wisest in view of the suggestion which I make. It
will be only necessary to take up the line already*
run, and continue it on westward; whereas ifyou ]
have to establish a new starting point and run a
new line, I think it will be attended with no little
trouble and expense.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire of the mem-
ber from Iowa, whether the point of time for con-
sidering his amendment for fixing the boundary
would not be upon the admission of the Territory
into the Union as a State?
Mr. CLARK. It may be so, but I apprehend
that these boundaries usually proceed from the
territorial limits. I know that it is not actually
necessary at this time; but I think it may as well
be fixed now as at any other time.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Clark's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. 1 move to amend the
bill by adding at the end of the eighteenth section
this proviso:
Provided, That no part of this act. except the eighteenth
section, shall go into effect without the consent of the In-
dian tribes now occupying said territory under treaty or !
treaties with the United States. !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind i
the gentleman that the eighteenth section has been
passed from, and a new section added to it.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Then insert it at the i
end of the bill as a new section.
The question raised here in regard to the rights
of the Indians has not been answered by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stoart.] The
point here is, whether these Indians have certain
rights under certain treaties—the point is, wheth-
er the Government has the right to include their
lands in this Territory without their consent, in
consequence of certain treaties which we have
made with them. If we have not this right, then
this act would be a gross violation of our treaties.
In what I have said hitherto I have not expressed
one word of sympathy for the poor red man. I
had intended, however, to have said this: that I
think this country, for its treatment of the led i
man, under the plea of the laws of nations, of the
right of discovery, of civilization, and Christianity,
has enough to answer for to high Heaven and
eternal justice without adding to it a gross viola- |
tion of treaties. I admit that the original Indian i
title and Indian possession is not now, and never
has been, acknowledged in this country as a source
of title; but when this Government dignifies the
Indian by entering into a treaty with him, must \
we be answered that his occupation under that
treaty is a simple Indian occupation—an occupa-
tion under a contract with a Government which
boasts of its might, power, greatness, and prog-
ress, which says, On ! on! on! which, not satis-
fied with stopping this side of the Rocky Mount-
ains, leaps over them and plants itself upon the
shore of the Pacific, and not resting there, cries,
On! on! on to the south ! until Cuba, and the
islands of the sea, and the whole South American j
continent shall be reached ? And now we attack
these poor Indians and, without excuse, we pro-
j pose grossly—for that point has not been an-
j swered—to violate their rights. Why? Togivea
settlement to the white man; to send our settlers
^ there to protect emigrants to California. For a
, nation to be great it must be just. Can there be
any harm in this additional section, if the Indiana
have rights to be protected ? It has been attempt-
' ed by this proviso, in the first place, and then by
the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina, to do what? To protect the rights of
the Indians. I will tell you what this whole ques-
tion is. I will tell you how the argument has been
answered by the other side. It is said that this
bill would not violate the words of the treaty. The
gentleman from Missouri said this in substance.
We haveagreed with the Indians not to burn their
wigwams. We do not burn their wigwams; but
we set fire to the prairie all about them, and when
the wigwams are on fire, we say to the poor In-
dians, We have not burned your wigwams. We
have not violated the treaty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BELL. I am opposed to that amendment,
because I think it is unnecessary. It appears to
me that the rights of these tribes of Indians will
not be infringed upon by the provisions of this
bill, and I think the day has passed when we
should begin to act in this matter upon the ground
of sympathy. If there ever was a time when
these feelings should control the action of Con-
gress, it was before we commenced a forcible re-
moval of the Cherokees and the other tribes. I
have heard much sympathy expressed in relation
to the Shawnees and their rights. I tell you, so
far as I know, when you once forcibly remove the
red man of the forest from his home and the graves
of his fathers, you can give him no place around
which his affections will entwine as did they around
the place of his nativity. I saw the Shawnee
tribe removed by the powers of this Government.
I saw them encamped three days at the home of
Tecumseh, and at the graves of their fathers. I
witnessed there those strong feelings which Bound
them to their homes and the graves of their fathers.
I saw them on the morning of their departure,
when they went through the ceremony peculiar to
the race, and with their little ones around them,
took a final leave of their homes. Then I thought
that it was indeed a great pity to remove the red
man of the forest from his native home. But 1
do not understand that we are now commencing
this policy; we have adopted it before. As to es-
tablishing a territorial government to embrace these
tribes, we give to that Territory no additional
powers from what we now hold. We are now
exercising a kind of jurisdiction over that vast
domain which is proposed to be created into this
Territory. Where was your Indian title at the
first territorial government established by this
Government northwest of the river Ohio? Was
there a foot of land that was purchased by the
United States ? Treaty after treaty was broken.
The celebrated treaty of Wayne was broken,
which extinguished the Indian title to that vast
territory embracing the Maumees at the time. And
so it has been with the other Territories. I be-
lieve it will be for the benefit of the country and
the Indian tribes that we establish this territorial
government.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. POLK. I would inquire if the gentleman
from Virginia is in favor of night sessions?
Mr. LETCHER. Iam 
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
Mr. CARTTER. I mo.ve as an amendment to
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, that
the committee do now rise and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not so amendable.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to ask the Chair
if this is not the last day set apart for territorial
business ?
Several Members, It is the last day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the inquiry of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. STANLY. I asked a question which the
committee heard. That was all I wanted.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letch-
er's motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred upon Mr. Sutherland's
