566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
to reconsider the vote by which the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the inquiry of the gentleman just now. That
motion will bring the bill up.
Mr. STUAR1. Very well, sir.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman cannot make that motion now.
There is 110 quorum present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will bein order
to-morrow when there is a quorum here.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to make the
motion now.
Mr. STANLY. I appeal from that decision,
in order to see if there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that no
action can be had upon the motion if there is not
a quorum present, so that the gentleman from
North Carolina will reach his object.
Mr. STUART. I do not ask for action on the
motion.
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. GORMAN. "Will the gentleman withdraw
that motion for a moment?
Mr. McNAIR. Yes, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to give notice of my intention to introduce
a bill " to indemnify the State of Indiana for a fail-
ure of the title to a portion of the lands heretofore
granted to that State by Congress for a State sem-
inary of learning."
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
motion will be entered.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered, but no vote can be taken upon it
now.
Mr. McNAIR. I renew the motion, that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to,
And the House thereupon adjourned until to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorial were presented
tinder therules and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. IVES: The petition of VV. W. Dodge and 100
others, citizens of Jefferson county, New York, asking the
grant of public lands to aid in the construction of a sliip-
canal around the Falls ofNiagara,intheStateofNewYerk.
By Mr. YATES: The petition of the Industrial Conven-
tion of the State of Illinois, assembled at Springfield, Illi-
nois, on the 5th January, 1853, by their committee, Gover-
nor A. C. French, D. L. Grigjc, and L. S. Pennington,
praying for the passage of a bill appropriating portions of
the public lands to each of the several States, to an amount
not less than five hundred thousand acres, for the endow-
ment of a system of industrial universities in each State in
the Uriion, cooperating with each other, and with the Smith-
• soman Institution at Washington, for the liberal practical
education of our industrial classes, in their various pursuits ;
for producing the knowledge and literature needful in those
pursuits; and developing, to the fullest extent, the resources
of our soil and our arts; and especially the intelligence, re-
finement, and virtue of our people, and the true glory of our
common country.
By Mr. ROSS : The memorial of 85 citizens of Bucks
county, Pennsj'lvania, asking Congress so to modify the act
• of September 28, 1850, as to give each of the persons in-
tended to be benefited by said act, and to seamen and ma-
rines, who served in the war of 1812, not lees than one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. BURROWS: The memorial of H. U. Soper and
others, citizens of the State of New York, remonstrating
against the renewal of C. H. McCormick's patent for a
reaping machine.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of Solomon Fowler and
others, of Elkhart county, Indiana, asking that the public
lands be donated in farms or lots to those who have no
lands.
Also, six petitions of sundry citizens of Wabash, Miami,
Howard, and Tipton counties, Indiana, for a post route
from Wabash, in Wabash county, to Tipton, in Tipton
county.
By Mr. WALSH : The memorial of the president,
directors, and stockholders of the Ohio Falls Marine Rail-
road Company, praying that Congress will aid them in
overcoming the obstruction to the navigation of the Ohio
river, at the Falls, by means of lift locks, and a marine
railway.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 11, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senatea communication fromtheSecretaryofState,
showing the names and compensation of clerks and
other persons employed in that Department during
the year 1852; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Also, a report ofthe Secretary ofState, showing
the disbursements for the service of the State De-
partment, including foreign missions, for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1852; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial signed by
Cornelius Vanderbilt, the owner and representa-
tive of two millions of dollars' worth of low-pres-
sure steamers; Edward K. Collins, one of the
largest owners ofthe New York and Liverpool
United States mail steamers, and other proprietors
of, and agents for steamships in the United States,
praying that the late act of Congress to provide
for the better security of the lives of passengers
on board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, may be repealed or amended.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York and its
vicinity, in favor of the same object.
Also, a memorial of the owners of steamboats
on Lakes Erie and Michigan, in favor of the same
object.
Also, a memorial from citizens residing* in Hart-
ford, New Haven, and New York, praying a sus-
pension of the steamboat law.
The above petitions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, two petitions of citizens of New Yorkand
Brooklyn, praying that a contract may be entered
into with Christian Hansen for the transportation
of the mails in steamers between Brooklyn and
Gluckstadt, and between Kiel and St. Petersburgh;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Waushara county, Wisconsin, praying
that the homestead bill may become a law; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the enact-
ment of the homestead bill; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, in
favor of the removal of certain restrictions to the
sale of lands granted for the improvement of the
Des Moines river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONESj of Iowa, presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of an appropria-
tion for the survey of the line of the half-breed
tract in Lee county; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CASS presented two petitions of citizens
of Troy, New York, praying that measures may
be taken to secure to American citizens abroad the
rights of public worship; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of C. F. Hage-
dom, Consul of the Bavarian Governmental Phil-
adelphia, praying that the National Library at
Munich may be furnished with the laws ofthe Uni-
ted States, the American State Papers, and certain
other public works; and tendering, in behalf of the
Bavarian Government, all works of a public na-
ture; which was referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. HALE presented resolutions passed at a
meeting of the Industrial Union of Philadelphia,
against the granting of land for railroads, and in
favor of the immediate passage of the homestead
bill; which were read. Themembers ofthe Union,
in their resolutions, state that God and human
reason alike declare that the earth was made for
man, to be cultivated by him, and used for the
happiness of the whole human family; that all his- I
tory proves that the monopoly of land is the worst
social evil ever entailed on the human family; and [
that it is a democratic truth that the public domain
of this continent belongs, by right and justice, to
the people, and that consequently, without their
consent, the public domain should not be granted
to any person, or company, for any other purpose
than cultivation; they therefore express their deep
regret at the present anxiety evinced, on the part
of speculators, to push through the various land-
bill schemes now before Congress; and in the ex-
ercise of their rights as eitizens, they protest
against their representatives in Congress casting
their votes in favor of any bill granting land to any
railroad or other company; and they earnestly re- !
quest their influence and votes in favor of the im- 1
mediate passage of the homestead bill, settling, !
now ana forever, the land question, by appro- !
priating the American domain to actual settlers. 1
They further say, that if the aid of Government
is needed to assist in carrying forward any rail-
road, the construction of which will evidently
benefit the whole country, they earnestly recom-
mend the Government to issue United States bonds,
in the usual form, to the amount required, and in
no case to dispose of the public lands otherwise
than to actual settlers.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee 011 Pensions,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of
Margaret Barnitz, only surviving heir of Lieuten-
ant Colonel Greer, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be re-
ferred, together with the documents accompany-
ing the same, to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which were referred documents in
support of the claim ofthe late George D. Twiggs,
to remuneration for certain expenses incurred at
Havana, while on the way to Mexico during the
late war, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee 011 Military Affairs, to which was referred the
petition of Thomas S. J. Johnson, praying pay-
ment for wagons taken for the use of the United
States army in New Mexico, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of New
Mexico, relative to the Pacific railroad, reported
in favor of printing the same; which was con-
curred in.
Mr. M ALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
William B. Scott, praying to be allowed a per-
centage on the distribution of public moneys by
him, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill,
for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred the
memorial of Alb^ G. Howel, submitted a re-
port, accompaniecWoy a bill for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of William Weeks;
which was read and passed to the second reading;
and on motion by Mr. Seward, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider it.
It proposes to confirm the claim of the heirs and
legal representatives of William Weeks to two
thousand and thirty arpens of land in the parish
of West Feliciana, Louisiana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
TOWN OF BELLEVIEW, IOWA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of the town of Belleview, in Iowa, with
the amendments of the House of Representatives
thereto, has directed me to report them back, with
amendments. I would state that the original bill,
as it passed the Senate, granted accretions in front
of the town of Belleview, Iowa, to that town. It
was sent to the House, and there amended, and
the Committee on Public Lands now propose to
include the cities of Burlington and Dubuque, in
Iowa. It is a question which in no way affecta
the interests of this Government. The Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] and myself, once
had a little discussion in reference to it when the
bill first came up, but I then answered satisfac-
torily all his inquiries, and I believe satisfied him
that the Government was in no way interested,
and would receive no money ifthelands were sold.
I hope the amendment will be acfed upon imme-
diately.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to. It was to add the following as additional
sections:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnartrrl. That there shall be,
and there hereby is, granted to the cities of Burlington ana
Dubuque, in Iowa, the land bordering on the Mississippi
river, in front of said cities, reserved by the act of 2d July,
1836, for a public highway, and for other public uses, to-
gether with the accretions which may have formed thereon,
or in front thpreof, to be disposed of in such manner as the
corporate authorities of said cities may direct.
