1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
' judicial to the interests of the Government, unjust
' and cruel to the armorers, degrading to freemen,
' and unsuited to the character of New England
' mechanics." Whence this change in the spirit
of her dream? Her citizens then understood the
question. It was a question involving principle.
Why this change, if, according to the statement of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, change there
be ? Is it one of those miraculous conversions
which the potent influence of money so frequently
achieves in this world? Is it to be ascribed to
those special appropriations, amounting to near a
million of dollars, which have been expended there
in the ten years of the military system ? Is it to
those costly buildings erected by the Government,
which embellish and adorn that prosperous New
England village ? Has experience shown that the
Government mechanic may be degraded, and yet
that Springfield may nevertheless advance in pros-
perity and beauty ? We also have had our special
appropriations at Harper's Perry, not so large, it
is true,as those at Springfield, but still very large;
we have had magnificent buildings erected there;
in addition to all that, we have a superintendent
and a paymaster whom everybody loves, and yet
my constituents are not reconciled to the military
rule. They have struggled against it for ten years,
and they mean to struggle against it until it is
abolished. The expenditure of money cannot pur-
chase their support of a policy in conflict with
their republican tastes and opinions.
Whilst the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Divis] very kindly disclaimed anticipating my
course of argument, he nevertheless suggested that
I might devote some portion of my remarks to
those personal controversies which have grown up
between the superintendent at Springfield and the
armorers and others at that place. I beg to as-
sure him that I have no such purpose. If Colonel
Ripley has been guilty of any acts of maladminis-
tration in office, of which I have formed no opin-
ion and shall pronounce no judgment, that is an
Executive inquiry, with which I have nothing to
do. I propose ta> examine the system, not to as-
sail individuals. I am the organ of the private
feelings of no man or set of men. I represent no
private interests on this question. I shall discuss
it as a question of national economy and of na-
tional justice. I shall limit myself in its consid-
eration to such topics only as in my judgment are
worthy of the attention of an American Congress.
Like the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. 1n-
gersoll,] I have in my possession a large mass
of affidavits, which have been forwarded to me, the
perusal of which is well calculated to excite my
deepest sympathy and indignation. But I can
never permit my own opinions to be formed on
such ex parte statements, still less use them on this
floor in the discussion of a public question. I
never resort to facts about which there may be
doubt or controversy. In all that I shall say on
this question, 1 will, so far as the nature of the
case will admit, fortify myself by reference to the
official reports of the War Department.
Much has been said in this debate to which I
could wish to reply, if the limited time allowed me
did not admonish me of the necessity of confining
my remarks exclusively to what is pertinent to the
question now before us. I cannot, however, pass
on without tendering my warmest thanks to the
distinguished gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Gor-
man] for the amendment which he has offered, and
for the liberal, manly, and able argument which
he has presented to the House in support of that
amendment. I do this the more cheerfully, as he
is removed from every local or personal influence
which could be supposed to bias his judgment.
The eager and expectant mechanics at your na-
tional armories, who are looking with such pain-
ful interest to the result of your action, will thank
that gentleman for his generous sympathy and sup-
port. The mechanics of the whole Union will
thank him for the noble vindication which he has
made of the just prerogatives and dignity of that
respectable class of our fellow-citizens.
Sir, a gentleman in the course of the debate, a
few days ago, ascribed the present agitation of the
armory question to that progressive spirit of radi-
calism, which, like a tornado, is sweeping through
the country, prostrating all the established institu-
tions of the land under the tread of popular
power.
Mr. WILCOX. Does the gentleman allude to
me?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 do.
Mr. WILCOX. Will the gentleman give me
five minutes for explanation?
Mr. FAULKNER. My friend willpardon me.
I cannot spare the time. 1 have much to say and
but a limned period within which to speak. 1 do
not know to what class of conservatives the gen-
tleman from Mississippi belongs; but when that
gentleman is informed that the system which we
propose to restore is that which was originally es-
tablished by the fathers of this Republic—that it
had its commencement under the administration
ot'George Washington, and was continued through
the administrations of Jefferson, Madison, Mon-
roe, and Jackson, without complaint from any
quarter—he will perceive how wholly inappropri-
ate to this amendment is the imputation ot pro-
gressive radicalism.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Wilcox]
also traced the source of the present movement to
an unjustifiable hatred of military men, whilst the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] as-
cribed it to an inordinate love for civil office. There
is not, I think, any foundation for either of these
opinions. Whetherthegentlemanfrom NorthCar-
olina has based his conjecture upon any special
information which he possesses of applications for
this appointment, or has merely uttered the remark
as a general sarcasm against an infirmity very
common throughout the country, and from which
my district may not be more exempt than any
other, I do not know. All that I can say is, that
I am not aware that any such motive operates
either at Harper's Ferry or Springfield in produ-
cing hostility to the present system.
Sir, gentlemen may tax their inventions for
the probable sources of the present agitation of
this question, but they will never discover its true
cause until they have studied more deeply than
they seem to have done, The character of the
American people; and when they have done this,
they will find that this unflagging, sometimes slum-
bering, but never-dying hostility to the military
rule springs from the genius of our institutions,
and from the republican sentiments of our people.
It is to be ascribed to that innate abhorrence which
every citizen feels at the gratuitous and unneces-
sary introduction of military rule into the heart of a
civil community; to that natural distrust and jeal-
ousy of military power which marks the character
of every free people, except when invoked for na-
tional defense, or in the prosecution of a foreign
! war. It is to be found in the absurd inappropn-
ateness of placing an officeroftheArmy to regulate
the daily work of a corps of mechanics; in that
fretful and feverish feeling which every worthy
and respectable mechanic experiences at being sub-
jected in his daily conduct to the petty restraints
andannoyancesof military discipline, without any
adequate object or corresponding benefit to the
country. Satisfy an American citizen that sub-
mission to restraint is the duty of patriotism, and
no one will be found more obedient than he to its
most rigid requirements. Let him believe that it
is capriciously and unnecessarily imposed, and he
instantly becomes a rebel to such high-handed au-
thority. This agitation is futher to be traced to
that sympathy which such a state of things will
excite in every community amongst those who
are spectators of such needless wrong and injus-
tice.
Sir, that sympathy is seen in the petitions which
now crowd your tables. Think you they came
from the mechanics who are in the employment of
the Government? No, sir. The mechanics dare
not petition an American Congress for relief.
Whether the power of dismission would be exer-
cised for such cause by any of the officers now in
command, Icannotsay; but such insubordination,
under the existing regulations, would be cause for
dismission from the armory. Their smothered
feelings can alone find expression through the
sympathy of friends, and through the voice of
their representative upon this floor.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans]
besought and implored the House not to sanction
the amendment of my friend from Indiana, in a
tone and fervency of language well calculated to
lead those not acquainted with the subject, to the
conclusion that we were rushing upon some novel
and reckless experiment heretofore unknown to j
the practice of this Government. Why, sir, is i
that gentleman uninformed of the fact, that the J
system of civil superintendency which we pro- I
pose now to restore, was in operation in this coun-
try from 1793 up to the 1st of April, 1841, when
it was, as I conceive, without due authority of
law, changed by the then Secretary of War ?
During the period of near half a century of its ex-
istence, what were its practical results ? I under-
take to affirm, from the best information which I
have been enabled to obtain, that the armories
were never in a more prosperous condition than
during the latter period of their civil administra-
tion. That there have been periods when the same
lethargy characterized their operations which was
apparent in all the other subordinate departments
of the Government, I have no doubt. I allude to
that unwholesome languor which marked the gen-
eral condition of the Government after Mr. Mon-
roe came into power, when not a ripple disturbed
the tranquilized surface of politics, and when the
vigilant eye of party was withdrawn from the
abuses and errors of public officers. That the na-
tional armories then may have participated in
the general debility of the body-politic, is very
probable. But take the ten years preceding the
period when the civil superintendence was sup-
planted, and I affirm that it will compare advan-
tageously in every respect, with the ten years' ex-
periment which we have had of the present sys-
tem. Happiness and contentment marked the
condition of the mechanics; economy, good order,
and the highest attainments of skill distinguished
the general operations of those public establish-
ments. Mechanical genius was stimulated by the
liberal and manly policy of the Government. It
was during the civil administration of these estab-
lishments that the inventive talents of Greer, Hall,
and Moor were displayed in cheapening and per-
fecting your small arms, from which the Govern-
ment has derived such great and important benefits.
It was then that the musket and rifle attained its
most perfect model. If a solitary ray of inventive
genius has been elicited under the crushing and
deadening influence of the military rule—if one
single improvement has been suggested by any ar-
tisan or superintendent under the present system—
I have not heard of it. Money has been largely
expended, it is true, of late years, and the exterior
appearance of the national armories greatly im-
proved. Handsome officers' quarters and capa-
cious workshops will now strike the eye, but the
spirit which once gave life and elevation to the
moral beings who occupy those large establish-
ments is to a great extent gone. It might, without
much exaggeration, be said of them what the poet
has said of Italy—
"In florid beauty palaces appear,
Man is the only growth iliac dwindles here."
When the Ordnance Bureau was established, in
the year 1815, the national armories were placed
under the control and supervision of that Depart-
ment, but the civil administration of them contin-
ued as before. Now, sir, I challenge the produc-
tion of one single paragraph in all the reports of
the Ordnance Department, from the time they were
placed under its control up to the period when the
civil administration was abolished, exhibiting the
slightest ground of dissatisfaction with that system
of administrative policy. On the contrary, I will
show, by the reports of that Bureau, that up to
the period of the change, in 1841, the highest evi-
dence was uniformly borne to the successful oper-
ation of the policy for which I contend.
In his report of the 29th of November, 1839,
the Chief of that Bureau says:
"The superiority of the small arms recently fabricated
over those formerly made, evinces the utility of public es-
tablishments for improving this branch of the service."
Again, in his report of the 30th of November,
1840, he says:
"The manufacture of muskets, according to the new
model, has been successfully established at both of the na-
tional armories. The substitution of percussion instead of
Hint locks, which is becoming general in Europe, will ren-
der the arms as nearly perfect as can be attained, and judg-
ing from the specimen of foreign arms of the most approved
patterns, recently imported, decidedly superior to any arm 
of foreign manufacture
Here, then, sir, within a few short months be-
fore violent hands were laid upon this system, we
have the official declaration of the Ordnance De-
partment that the arms were nearly as perfect as
art and science could make them, and decidedly
superior to the most approved patterns of foreign
manufacture. So much for this now-decried sys-
tem of civil administration.
Why wa« it changed ? What publie necessity,
