572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 11,
what public good required it? Sir, I can see none. |
1 can attribute it alone to the grasping and en- !
eroachmg spirit of this military bureau, which has
caused it, with an eye that has never winked, and
a tongue that has never tired, to amplify its juris-
diction, and to extend us ramifications over the
whole country, even into the heart of our peaceful
and quiet villages. Why, sir, when this change
was proposed ten years ago, upon the pretext of
giving employment to the officers of the Ordnance
Corps, their whole number consisted but of twen-
ty-eight persons. Now, according to the Army
Register just received, they have multiplied to
fifty-five.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the gentleman from
Virginia whether the statement is correct, which
1 find in a pamphlet here, that the workmen,
during the superintendency of Mr. Ames, were
enlisted as common soldiers, and until the close of
Colonel Prescott's term, drew their rations like
common soldiers?
Mr. FAULKNER. I believe there was a pe-
riod in the history of the armories when the me-
chanics were enlisted as soldiers. How long
such a barbarous system prevailed I cannot gay.
It has been many years since it disgraced our pub-
lic establishments. !
When, and under what circumstances was this
change effected in the eovernment of our national
armories? In 1840, the Secretary of War dis-
patched a commission of ordnance officers to ex-
amine the most important arsenals, cannon found-
enes and manufactories of small arms in Europe.
They spent a few months in traveling ov* the
Continent, and made a report of their observations
to the War Department. Amongst their explora-
tions, they found in the military and despotic
monarchy of Prussia one or more establishments
for the manufacture of arms under the control and
management of officers of the army. From the
return of this commission from Europe, the idea
seems to have taken possession of the Ordnance
Department to follow out this Prussian precedent,
and to place our national armories under similar
regulations. If they made any effort to induce the
Secretary of War, (Mr. Poinsett,) he who had
sent the commission to Europe, to adopt their
views, it was wholly unsuccessful. On the 4th of
March, 1841, a Whig administration came into
power, and in less than four weeks from that day I
the civd superintendents were dismissed from
office, and ordnance officers substituted in their i
places. I
At the following session (1841-'42) the subject j
attracted the consideration of Congress, and in a j
bill reported by the Committee on Military Affairs 1
of the Senate for the general reorganization of the 1
Army, a section was inserted to legalize the act of
the Secretary of War, and to authorize the ap-
pointment of officers of the Ordnance Corps to
take charge of those establishments. After debate
in the Senate, (as in Committee of the Whole,)
this section was struck from the bill by the deci-
sive vote of twenty-three to fourteen. Upon a sub-
sequent day it was reinstated, the head of the
Ordnance Bureau, Colonel Talcott, having on the
morning of the day when it was to be finally acted
upon by the Senate, placed on the desk of each
Senator a manuscript statement of the reasons
which impelled that department to take so active
and zealous a part in urging the change of system
upon Congress. That statement from theOrdnance
Bureau had its effect. It changed the opinion of
several Senators, enough to cause the section be-
fore referred to, to be reinstated in the bill. That
statement is now before me, and I am prepared to
assert that it contains gross errors, which, if ex-
posed at the time, as they might have been, would
nave saved this country from the agitation of this
subject for the last ten years. My object is not
to review that paper of Colonel Talcott. It has
performed the function for which it was designed;
nor would I refer further to it here, but that I
learn some high officers of this Government have,
with a view to influence the present action of Con-
gress, been retailing one or two of its misstate-
ments. In that paper he says: "The armorers
' can control a civil superintendent, and have often
1 done it; they have occasionally ousted one, and
' they have shot one."
Now, sir, I pronounce this paragraph a slander
upon the civil superintendents and upon the arm-
orers. I defy the production of a single instance
in which any improper control was exercised by
the workmen over the civil superintendents. I
defy the citation of a case where they ever ousted
or sought to oust a superintendent, and the charge
that they shot one is wholly and absolutely un-
true. The unfortunate deed referred to occurred
in my district. Dunn, a most accomplished gen-
tleman and officer, was shot by a youth of the
name of Cox, who was certainly not at the time,
if he ever had been, in the employment of the
, Government. He was believed to be under the
1 influence of liquor when he perpetrated the deed,
and many thought his conduct gave evidence of
partial insanity. But be that as it may, he expiated
his crime upon the gallows, and from that day
until my eye rested upon this statement of Colonel
Talcott, 1 never heard the intimation expressed
that any armorer or mechanic in the employment
of the Government had any agency whatever in
it. If it be intended as an imputation upon the
body of mechanics then at Harper's Ferry, and
many of whom still reside there, I pronounce it
grossly and cruelly false.
But to proceed with the legislative history of
this measure. The bill for the reorganization of
the Army having passed the Senate, was sent to
i the House of Representatives, and this House, by
| the decisive vote of 103 to 77, struck out the sec-
j tion abolishing the civil superintendencies and j
authorizing the appointment of ordnance officers i
I to take charge of the national armories. A Com- .
i mittee of Conference was the result between the
two Houses. That committee recommended that \
the section authorizing the appointment of mili- ,
tary superintendents should be retained. This
House disagreed to the report. Another com-
mittee was appointed, and they, concurring in the
same recommendation, this House, to save a more
important measure of national policy, was com-
pelled to surrender its convictions on the particu-
lar provision now under consideration. And 1
think I shall be justified in asserting, that there
never has been, and never will be, a moment when
j this House could give a free and untrammeled
judgment upon the system of military superin-
) tendence in our national workshops, that it at
least, whatever another branch of the Government
may do, would not be prompt to express its hos-
tilhy to such a system.
We have now seen how this system has been
forced upon us. Let us next examine what its
results have been.
Mr. Chairman, this system was introduced upon
the pretext of economy, and economy has been
i the cry of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
I [Mr. Davis,] throughout his whole speech. It
was said: We have an Ordnance Corps who have
not sufficient employment; they can take charge
I of these national armories, and thus we can get
| rid of two otherwise useless officers.
Let me now call the attention of the committee
to a few statistics, drawn from the official records
I of this body,and then let it be seen whateconomy
i has been achieved for this nation by the substitu-
' tion of the military for the civil system. These
| statistics have been most carefully examined, and
I I am satisfied that there is not one material error
in them. I find that in ten years under the military
system, thegrossexpenditures were $4,060,657 45,
while in ten years under the civil system, the
.gross expenditures were $3,760,397 98; showing
I an excess in the expenditures under the military
system over those under the civil system of
$300,259 47.
Mi  MASON. I would inquire of the gentleman
if those ten years under the military system, were
not during a period of war?
Mr. FAULKNER. The periods embraced in
my calculation to throw light upon the two sys-
tems, are the last ten years of the civil, and the
ten years which have expired of the military sys-
tem.
Mr. MASON. At what date were they ?
Mr. FAULKNER. From 1830 to 1840 under
the civil, and from 1841 to 1851 inclusive, under
the military administration.
Mr. MASON. Exactly. Then the Mexican
war took place during the ten years you have
taken under the military system.
Mr. FAULKNER. True. But I cannot per-
ceive what possible influence that fact is to exert
on the comparative results of the two systems.
Mr. MASON. Why, of course more arms
are required during a period of war than during a
period of peace.
Mr. FAULKNER. More arms may be re-
quired for use in a period of war than in a period
of peace. But it does not follow that more are
manufactured in war. The very reverse will ap-
pear upon an examination of the statistics of the
armories. We had a large stock on hand in 1846,
as we have now.
But to proceed with my exhibit of the expendi-
tures under the two systems. I find that the
special appropriations, which embraces the appro-
priations for all other objects, except the manufac-
ture of arms, made during the ten years of the mili-
tary regime, amount to $970,301, and during ten
years of the civil, to $413,308 73, showing an
excess of special appropriations during the mili-
tary rule of $556,992 27.
Mr. DAVIS. Has the gentleman satisfied him-
self that this excess was not for the construction
of machinery, and not for the manufacture of
arms ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I am satisfied it was in
part for new machinery. I classed them as spe-
cial appropriations, which implies that they are
not appropriations for the manufacture of arms.
My purpose is to deal fairly with the subject, and
I beg my friend from Massachusetts to hear me
coolly, and he will find I will omit no fair view of
the subject.
Let us now see what were the appropriations
during those respective periods for repairs, im-
provments, and new machinery. During the ten
years of the military, they amounted to"$464,550;
during the ten years of the civil, to $173,999 73;
showing an excess of appropriations during the
military, under this head, of $290,550 27.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia inform me from what documenthe is quoting
tllOS6 fkctS ^
Mr. FAULKNER. From the reports of the
Ordnance Department.
Mr. STANLY. For what year?
Mr. FAULKNER. For the several years em-
braced in my calculations.
Mr. STANLY. Can you furnish them for
each year ?
Mr. FAULKNER. I can. I have the tables
now before me, carefully prepared under my in-
struction, by one of the most competent and in-
telligent clerks of the Capitol, exhibiting in sepa-
rate columns theappropriations, expenditures, and
products of the two armories for each and every
year since 1830. The limited time allowed me to
speak, enables me to present general results only.
I have not time to go into many details that I
would gladly lay before the committee. I am
satisfied of the accuracy of these statistics. They
are open to the examination of any gentleman
who wishes to look at them. I will annex them
to my remarks in the form of an appendix. [See
tables A and B next page.]
I have now shown the general expenditures of
the national armores under the two systems of
administration, and have shown how much greater
the expenditures have been under the military
than under the civil, in a like number of years.
And yet 1 am not here to contend that every
expenditure of money is necessarily waste and
extravagance, for it often happens that a judicious
expenditure is the wisest economy. Then let us
look at the product of arms fabricated under the
two systems, and comparing the expenditures with
the products, inquire what the Government has
gained by this excess of expenditure during the
military system. I find that the number of arms
fabricated during the ten years of the civil sys-
tem amounted to 235,410, and during the ten
years of the military system to 232,710, inclu-
ding musketoons, showing, notwithstanding the
excess of expenditure during the military, an ex-
cess of product under the civil system of 2,700
guns.
Mr. DAVIS. In the statement which the gen-
tleman made the other day, I understood him to
say that the number of muskets fabricated during
i the last ten years was 137,794, and that the num-
ber fabricated during the period of the civil su-
perintendence was 127,876. But now, he states
that the number manufactured during the last
period of ten years, were 232,710, while the num-
ber manufactured during the ten years under the
civil system, was 235,410. Now, I ask him to
state his last calculation, and tell me what is the
reason why it differs from the former one?
Mr. FAULKNER. There is no discrepancy
