574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 11,
product in arms, 107,534; upon this principle of
calculation, making each arm cost $18 51. During
the ten years ot" the military system, the expend-
itures were $2,043,367 58, from which deduct
amount paid from ordnance appropriation, §13,048,
leaves $2,028,319 53; arms manufactured during
these ten years,94,916—average cost of each arm,
j-21 34. Excess of cost on each arm during mili-
tary system 82 83, and that on 94,916 arms is
equal to §268,612 28.
So at Springfield, the amount expended during
the ten years of civil system was §1,769,700 95;
number of arms fabricated, 127,876; average cost
of each, §13 15. Under military rule, expendi-
tures §2,018,289 87; deduct§57,577 37 paid from
ordnance appropriation, leaves§l,960,712 50; num-
ber of arms fabricated, including musketoons,
137,794; average cost of each, §14 22; excess of
cost of military over civil on each arm, thirty-
seven cents, and that on 137,794 arms, equal to
$50,983 73.
1 maintain, then, sir, that there is no aspect of
this question in which, upon any ground of pub-
lic economy, it can be made to appear that the
Government has gained anything by the introduc-
tion of the present system.
It has been asked, what grievances do the me-
chanics labor under in consequence of the present
system, that there should be so much hostility to
it? It would be impossible for me to go into an
examination of the restraintsand annoyances which
have grown out of this system, without resorting
to a species of evidence which I never wish to
bring to my aid on this floor. Perhaps 1 might
be justified in calling the attention of the gentleman
from Massachusetts to sundry statements of his
own constituents, sustained by the affidavit pub-
lished and embraced in a pamphlet from which he
has himself to-day quoted largely, and which
statements have not, so far as I am informed, been
denied.
If these statements be true—and no one ought to
know the respectability of the affiants better than
the gentleman from Massachusetts—it will be con-
ceded that this system is liable to great abuses.
But I will prejudge no man or system upon ex
parte affidavit, even if they be published and are
uncontradicted. I resort to a higher grade of evi-
dence—to objections inherent in the system itself.
That system contemplates an Army officer to take
charge of these manufacturing establishments.
For what purpose select him ? Is it that he may
enforce military rule and military discipline over a
body of peaceful artisans and mechanics? What
propriety or necessity for this? Has experience
demonstrated to us that our mechanics will not
work except under the lash of military rule? Has
it been left for our Government to make a discov-
ery which no private capitalist seems yet to have
dreamed of—a discovery so injurious and degrad-
ing to the character of the American mechanic?
Is not such a system a standing libel upon the
artisans of this nation, and a bold proclamation of
their unfitness for work, except under restraints
humiliating to every freeman ? if it is not to en-
force military control and discipline over the me-
chanics, for what other purpose is an A rmy officer
stationed there ? It is idle to say that his previous
education and habits give him any peculiar fitness
for the duties of a superintendent of a manufacture
of arms. In what military school in this country
is the manufacture of arms a branch of study ?
In what encampment are they taught to judge of
the quality of iron, of steel, of coal, and all the
multifarious duties of the head of extensive work-
shops like Harper's Ferry and Springfield ? To
say, as has so often been said since theagitation of
this subject, that those whose business it is to use
armsare the men best qualified to superintend their
manufacture, may well remind us of Dr. John-
son's criticism upon a line of poetry submitted to
liim, and which criticism he embodied in another
line since become very familiar:
" Who drives fat oien should himself be fat."
One conclusive view in opposition to the present
system is that which Colonel Craig, now the head
of the Ordnance Department, and General Church-
ill, gave expression to in an official paper in 1841.
They were selected by the Secretary of War to
inspect thearmory at Harper's Ferry, and amongst
other mailers, to report their opinions upon the
propriety of a change from the civil to the military
superintendency. Without expressing any de-
; cided opinion upon the question submitted, they
i say, " the walks of civil lije afford the widest range
to make a suitable selection." And so it unques-
tionably does. Under the existing law, the Pres-
ident is restricted in the selection for these import-
ant posts to a few officers of ordnance, and de-
prived of the liberty of casting his eyes over the
country, and selecting for these appointments the
men best qualified to fill them with interest and
advantage to the public service. If the law ot
1842 had left it discretionary with the President
to have appointed a civilian or an ordnance officer
as, in his judgment, the interests of the public
service would have been best promoted, it would
not have been so objectionable. But that would
not have suited the grasping spirit of the Ordnance
Bureau. They wished to have the enjoyment of
these posts vested in their own corps, to the ex-
clusion of all competition, and they have for ten
years enjoyed that exclusive privilege. It is time
it should cease, and with it, the system of petty
restraints and annoyance which they introduced
with themselves into the armories.
Colonel Craig, in his recent argument addressed
through the public papers to the members of this
House, in replying to that portion of the report of
the Committee on Military Affairs which seeks to
show that the superintendence of the national
armories is not proper duty for officers of the Army, I
says: "This is very true of a certain portion of
' the officers of the Army; but the laws of the land
' include in our Army other officers besides those
' to lead and command the troops, and amongst
' those officers are those whose duty it is to pro-
' vide food, clothing, and shelter for the troops, to
'transport military supplies," &c., alluding, of
course, to the officers of the Quartermaster's and
Commissary Departments. Now, whilst I cannot
concur that these are analogous cases, and whilst
I cannot regard such a defense as very compli-
mentary to the Ordnance Corps, I beg leave to call
the attention of the committee to a communication
recently addressed by the present Secretary of
War to the Committee on Military Affairs of this
House, in which he vehemently protests against
those departments being any longer filled from
the line of the Army. In this communication, ;
bearing date 30th of March, 1852, Mr. Conrad
says:
"The Department,on its part,has omitted no precaution
to insure fidelity and efficiency in the officers of these de-
partments ; but the mode in which they are appointed, and
their tenure of office, is not calculated, in my opinion, to
promote this object. They are required by law to be taken
from the line of the Army, and the appointing power has
. rarely any means of determining their fitness for the respon- !
sible duties of these departments. The militdry education |
of the officers does not peculiarly qualify them for duties
which are ralher of a civil than a military character. Never-
theless, these officers, when once appointed, hold their
commissions in these departments by the same tenure as
thai of their commissions in the Arinyitsell; and unless
they do pome act which subjects ihem lo a court martial,
or to be removed by ihe President, (a power rarely exer-
cised,) they must be retained in a department, for the per-
formance of the duties of which their character or habits
■ may entirely disqualify them. This evil can only be rem-
edied by legislation. The Department has bestowed some
reflection as to the best mode of remedying the evil, and is (
prepared to submit its views to the committee, if it be its :
pleasure to receive them." ,
So far, then, as the authority of the Secretary
of War is to be respected, Colonel Craig can de-
rive no aid from the existing provisions in regard
to officers of the Quartermaster's and Commissa-
ry Departments; experience having demonstrated
that it has been as unwise to expect the satisfac-
tory discharge of those civil functions by officers ;
of the Army, as experience will every day con-
tinue to demonstrate the same fact in regard to our
national manufactories.
Sir, we have been told that if these men are not
content to live under the system of administration
established by the Government, let them go else-
where and seek employment. Such taunts as these
might well befit the supercilious lips of the head of j
an ordnance bureau, seeking to enlarge a power
which has forever vanished from his grasp, but
they come with a very bad grace from the repre-
sentatives of the people, certainly if they knew
the men who are thus coldly and cruelly derided.
The mechanics at your armories are not a wander-
ing band of artisans, traveling from State to State
seeking employment. Many of them have been
at these establishments for years—some for thirty,
some forty, and some for fifty years. Their chil-
j dren have been trained from early life to some pe-
I culiar branch of the business. They have purchased
their little homesteads. They have married and in-
termarried, and formed their personal and local at-
tachments. They have, as the head of the Ord-
nance Department informs you, in his report of
1851, acquired "a species of mechanical skill and
ingenuity which is chiefly and almost exclusively
applied to the construction of articles requisite for
national purposes." They have been invited by the
policy of your Government to acquire fixed and
permanent residences about the armories. As a
class, they are men of more than ordinary intel-
ligence and information; distinguished for their
observance of law and order; exemplary citizens,
with families to support. Some of the cleverest
men, in point of intellect, lofty and refined feeling,
high inventive genius, pure morality, and exalted
patriotism, whom 1 have known in that section of
country, have belonged to the corps of mechanics
at your national armory. I could name several,
but I will refer, by name, to but one, the father of
the distinguished member from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall.] It is such men that you would drive from
their homes for the purpose of enforcing an odious
and mistaken policy. Many of the best of these
men have to submit to your military system, be-
cause they have homes that they cannot abandon,
families that they cannot see perish for the want of
food; still they abhor the system; the workmen
never have and never will become reconciled to it;
they have struggled against it, and they will con-
tinue to struggle against it. Discontent has pre-
vailed at these establishments since the introduc-
tion of the present system. The feeling may be
smothered for a time, but it is ready, at every fa-
vorable moment, to burst forth. Is it wise, is it
proper, to continue a system, productive, as I have
shown, of no benefit to the country, and at war
with the sentiments and feelings of all upon whom
it operates ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
on the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Gorman.]
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] does not want to consume
the hour to which he is entitled under the rules, I
would be glad if he would allow me one half of it
to say what I have to say in answer to the speech
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner.]
I think it due to the public interest to say some-
thing; and if the gentleman will not accede to my
request, I shall have to avail myself of the five
minutes rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose to consume
the hour allotted to me under the rules. 1 have
heretofore declined such requests, believing that
the rule confined the hour to the use of the mem-
ber reporting the measure, and no one else; but
as the decision has been otherwise, I have no ob-
jection to the gentleman occupying one half of my
hour.
Mr. STANLY. I feel it to be a duty incum-
bent upon me as a Representative in the American
Congress, to answer as briefly as I can the extraor-
dinary remarks of the gentleman from Virginia.
I have not heard anything particularly new from
him. But we have had a new pamphlet laid upon
our tables within the last few days, which con-
tains the picture of the armories, got up with a
great deal of labor, and a determination and spirit
thatnobody but a Massachusetts Whig, descended
from the Puritans, a member of a State Legisla-
ture, and who expects to be a candidate for reelec-
tion, could have commanded.
The gentleman from Virginia starts out by say-
ing that the " whole population" of his district
are against military rule. No doubt of it, and that
accounts for his extraordinary zeal forms aboli-
tion. He has been returned here by the popular
suffrage, and, I take it for granted, from indications,
that he is again a candidate for the seat which I
■ am glad to see him fill, on either side of politics,
or both. [Laughter.] I would ask whether he
is a fair judge of the effect of this system, when his
opinions are biased by that of the " whole popu-
lation" of his district? It is very natural they
should be biased.
The gentleman next says, that the " entire peo-
ple" of our country are opposed to the military
rule. Especially are they so in the "Old Domin-
ion"—especially are they so in the " Old Bay
State"—two of the proudest States in this Union,
