578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. II,
gentation of the memorials aforesaid; but desirous, as the I
committee have been, to have all the facts before them that !
could be presented by the memorials, they examined them
a<rain but could see no reasons >et forth therein which were
not urged with force and ability by the advocates of the
views of the memorialists when before the committee,
(l The committee, therefore, recommend that the prayer
of the memorialists ought not to be granted."
Committee on Military JAffairs, 2<i Sess. 27tK Cong.—
Messrs. Pendleton, of Ohio, Goggin. of Virginia, W. B.
Campbell, of Tennessee, Stokely, of Ohio, Win. O. But-
ler, of Kentucky. Stnnpter, of South Charolina, John Mil-
ler, of Missouri, J. Thompson Mason, of Maryland, and
Stanly, of North Carolina.
• The documents from which Mr. Stanly spoke, are Senate
Doc. No. 344,29th Cong. IstSess., and Doc. No. 2<J7, H.
R., 27th Cong. 2d Sess., and the letter of Colonel Craig,
dated February 8, 1853.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending is
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] which reads as
follows:
"For the expenses of a commission to examine and re-
port upon the management of the several United States
armones, the snm of $5,000; and the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized to appoint three persons, civilians,
whose duty it shall be to report to llie next Congress a
detailed statement of the cost of the manufacture of arms
at said armories, and recommend any change in the system
of management which in their judgment may be requisite
by the public interests."
Mr. GORMAN. I believe I have a right to :
oppose that amend men t under thefive minutes rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has al-
ready been opposed by the gentleman from Vir- :
ginia [Mr. Faulkner] in an hour's speech.
Mr. GORMAN. I thought the time allowed
for debate had not quite expired.
The CHAIRMAN. There are five minutes of
the hour and a half allowed for debate, still left,
and the gentleman can occupy them if he chooses.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not want to make a
speech, for I have already said more upon this
subject than I desired to say, and have heard
others say more upon it than I expected. I be-
lieve I really should not have troubled the com-
mittee by proposing this amendment, if I had
known it would have taken up so much of the
time of the House. But it is before the House and i
the country now, and it has to be disposed of. 1
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. j
Stanlv] has seen proper to read us a political
homily here, and to talk about "party, "and "the '
sports of office," and so forth. Now, if the gen-
tleman had borne in mind that that was not the
question before the committee, and if he had con-
fined himself to the point at issue—which, I think,
he very often failed to do—he might, perhaps, have
enlightened the House. The wholequestion before
the committee is, whether it is best to have civil
or military superintendents over the mechanics in
the armoBes.
Now, I should like some gentleman who has
had some experience in military arts, to tell me
what there is in the education of an ordnance offi-
cer that fits him for superintending mechanics, or
the manufacture of ordnance. I undertake to
assert that no part of the education at West Point
prepares a man, in the slightest degree, for the
superintendence of the manufacture of this mate-
rial of war. What is a man taught when he grad-
uates at West Point? Whathashe learned about
ordnance? He has learned what are the most effi-
cient arms. He has learned the efficiency of par-
ticular arms in the service of the country. He
has learned the component parts of those arms,
and the materials that give them strength, power,
and capacity. Can the fertility of any gentleman's
brains inform us that he has learned anything else ?
Well, sir, if you place the armories under the
control of civil superintendents, the ordnance
corps will still designate what kind of arms or
ordnance are to be made; they will designate the
particular character and quality of the arms,
through their commander, Colonel Craig. I be-
lieve that he, too, has taken the field about this
matter. He has come out of the bureau to which
he belongs, and has written an article and laid it 11
upon our desks here, forthe purpose of influencing j
our decision. If you had just taken the pains,
you gentlemen who are civilians—and we are all
here as civilians—to look into this matter, you
.would have seen that an ordnance officer, or anv
other officer of the Army, when he gets the com-
mar.d of a post, gets double rations. I guess that
is the secret of it. He gets double rations and !
very fine quarters. All the commutations and j
perquisites which he receives amount to one third
of hts whole salary. It is for the interest of your
officers of the Army to have as many stations, forts,
arsenals, armories, and national depots for arms,
as possible. It is a very nice thing to get fine
quarters and double rations. If the officer's ration
, is six dollars a month, he gets twelve dollars a
month, over and above his pay, which is a very
nice thing. No wonder, then, that the officers
of the Army desire to continue this system.
Now, I should like any gentleman here to ex-
ercise his ingenuity for a moment, and tell me
what a man learns at West Point that fits and pre-
pares him for controlling and directing the manu-
facture of iron into particular shapes ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts,
and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Gorman's
amendment. *
Mr. BEALE. Read the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, which is as fol-
lows: :
" Provided, That from and after the first day of July next,
so much of the act of Congress, approved August 3d, 184-2,' I
as places the national armories under the superintendence i
of an officer ot the Ordnance Corps, be, and the same is
hereby repealed, and from that day, the said armories shall
be under that system of superintendence which existed
prior to the passage of the said act of Congress."
Mr. GORMAN. I ask for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall and
McNAiRwere appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 69.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. I have an amendment to offer
to this bill which, if critically examined, might be
pronounced to be out of order; but I trust that the
nature of the amendment will commend it to the
general approbation of the House, and that no
objection will be made to it on account of its being
probably out of order.
Several Voices. Read the amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment as follows:
Add as an additional section the following :
Be it further enacted, That all bounty land warrants which
have been, or shall hereafter be issued under any act of
Congress, where the applicant shall have died, pending the
application and before the date of issuing the warrant, hav-
ing no widow or minor children, the same shall be as good
and valid as if the same had been issued in the lifetime of
such applicant, and shall descend to the heirs of such ap- i
plicant in the same manner as warrants issued during his or
her lifetime.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the reception of
that amendment.
Mr. MEADE. I hope the gentleman will hear
me but for a moment before he objects.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the amendment as
out of order. It has no relation to this bill at all.
Mr. MEADE. I did hope that the committee
would have generally acquiesced in the reception
of that amendment, because of the hardship that
the bounty land law as it now stands is work-
ing throughout the country. There are many
cases 
The CHAIRMAN. If the amendment is ob-
jected to, the Chair will be compelled to arrest
debate.
Mr. MEADE. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir, I cannot.
Mr. MEADE. I desire to offer the amendment
now, because I can get it into no other bill, and
the inconvenience which it is designed to remedy
is felt every day. Warrantsarefrequentlyissued
the day after the deaths of the applicants, and,
under the existing law, the heirs are deprived of
all benefit 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is out of order.
Mr. MEADE. Does the Chair decide that the
amendment is out of order?
The CHAIRiVl'AN. The Chair decides that
it is out of order.
Mr. MEADE. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and I hope it will be sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] makes the point of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] cannot be received. The
Chair sustains the point of order. Prom that de-
cisionithe gentleman from Virginia appeals.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table. ,
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done. There is no table in committee.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a fact.
Mr.^JONES. I understood the gentleman from
Virginia to say just now, that he hoped the de-
cision ofthe Chair would be sustained. [A laugh.]
Mr. MEADE. I did not mean that.
The question was then taken upon the appeal,
viz: " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?" and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. GORMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
For bridges and establishing communication between
Fort Leavenworth and the Republican Fork ofthe Kansas
river, $11,725.
That is an amendment which the Committee on
Ways and Means would have reported, but the
subject had been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
I The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
' That there shall be raised one additional regiment of
mounted riflemen, to be composed, organized, recruited,
paid, and provided for in conformity with the provisions of
, the first, second, third, &nA fourth sections of the act en-
j titled" An act to provide for raisinga regiment of mounted
riflemen, and for establishing military stations on the route
to Oregon," approved May 19th, 1846: Provided,That there
shall be appointed an additional major to be continued in
the service under the same provisions of law that additional
majors in the other regiments of the Army are now kept.
Sec. — That the sum of seventy six thousand five hun-
dred dollars for mounting and equipping said regiment, be
and the same is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a point of order upon
that amendment. This bill is intended to make
appropriations of money for the existing military
establishment of the Government. This amend-
ment proposes to create an additional regiment.
If that be in order, you might go on and remodel
your whole Army in this bill. The duty of the
Committee on Ways and Means is to bring in a
bill appropriating money expressly for the exist-
ing military establishment of the United States.
They cannot enlarge that establishment. They
cannot create another Department of the Govern-
ment or other regiments. I therefore object to the
amendment as out of order.
! Mr. GORMAN. I believe the point of order
is debatable.
Several Members. No, it is not.
Mr. GORMAN. Why not?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. All debate has
been terminated, except upon amendments.
Mr. GORMAN. Let me say to the gentleman
from Georgia that this course has been pursued in
bills of this very character. During the existence
of the war with Mexico, provisions for the re-
cruiting of regiments and increasing the number
of rank and file in each company were inserted in
bills of a similar character to this. I am only fol-
lowing precedents.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is expressly against the
rules of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows of no
ruleunderwhichtheamendmentcould be received.
The Chair, however, is not very familiar with the
rules, and perhaps the gentleman can point to a
rule under which the amendment is in order.
Otherwise the Chair must rule that the amend-
ment is out of order.
Mn. CABELL, of Florida. I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill, to which I think there will
be no objection. It will be remembered that in the
appropriation bill of last year, provision was made
to pay certain States'for services rendered by their
militia—among others, to pay certain claims of the
btates of Virginia, Georgia and Florida.
A Member. What is your amendment?
™r' CABELL. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department be, and they are here-
by, authorized to adjust and settle the claim ot' the Stare of
eiorida forthe services of her troops, under the act of
et>ruar> 4i. tool, according to the provisions made for
the settlement of claim ofthe State of Georgia for like
services, prescribed hy the act approved 3lst Augn>t, 1852,
entitled An act making appropriation for the support of
the Army tor the year ending JiOth June, 1853."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether that amendment is in order?
