1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
bill, where it was .believed the compensation al-
lowed l«i the officers was inadequate. The first
amendment requires a verbal alteration, which,
being adopted, 1 will ask thai the amendments be
considered and adopted.
Mr. GWIN. 1 would surest that, as these
amendments have been reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, who fully understand the
subject, thev be adopted together without reading.
The PRESIDENT. The amendments must li
be read, unless, by unanimous consent, their read- j
ing be dispensed with. ij
Mr. FISH. I want to hear them read. '
They were accordingly read.
The first amendment of the committee was to jj
add to the provisions allowing a docket fee of
twenty dollars to attorneys, solicitors, and proc-
tors, in trials of civil and criminal causes, or on a
final hearing in equity and admiralty, the following
proviso:
" Provided, That in causes in admiralty and maritime ju-
risdiction, where the libelant shall recover less than fifty
dollars, the docket fee of his proctor shall be but ten dol-
lars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment of the committee was to
amend the provision for the compensation of mar-
shals, for the service of writs, by adding the fol-
lowing proviso:
" Provided, That on petition setting forth the facts on
oath, the court may allow such fair compensation for the
keeping of personal property attached and held on mesne
process, as shall, on examination, be found to be reason-
able "
Mr. BRADBURY. The necessity for this
amend ment arises from the practice in many States,
of making attachments of personal property upon
mesne process. No provision was made in the ori- '
ginal bill for compensating the officer in any degree
for such service, and it is to meet that deficiency
that the amendment is proposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment of the committee, which
was to insert " and witnesses," so as to include
witnesses in the provisions of that section of the
bill, was agreed to.
The fourth amendment of the committee was to
insert:
"The marshal of the district of South Carolina shall
hereafter be entitled to receive a salary of $200 per annum."
Mr. BRADBURY. South Carolina is the only
State where the marshal receives no salary. This
bill does not cut off the salaries of marshals, and
therefore it was thought just that the marshal for :
South Carolina should be placed upon the same J
footing as marshals in the other States, and re-|
ceive the usual salary. |
Mr. CHARLTON. I move to amend that T
amendment by including the marshal for Georgia, j
for 1 believe he is in the same predicament. il
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; flie marshal in Geor-
gia receives $200 salary, and we are only trying to
put South Carolina on an equality with Georgia, j
Mr. CHARLTON. I withdraw my amend-
ment. I
The amendment of the committee was agreed to. ;
The fifth amendment of the committee was to ;
amend the provision for the compensation of,
clerks of the United States courts by inserting:
" Provided, That when the compensation of any clerk
shall be less than $500 per annum, the difference, ascer-
tained and allowed hy the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury, shall be paid to him therefrom."
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth amendment of the committee, which
was to strike out the word "jurors," in that part
of the bill that allows recovery of costs, as it was
not deemed advisable to allow the fees of jurors
to be recovered against the losing party, was i
agreed to.
The seventh amendment of the committee was
a verbal one, by striking out " lie," and inserting
" be had," so as to provide that the punishment
for corruptly and fraudulently taking illegal fees
shall be imposed by the court before whom the
conviction shall be had. ;
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The amendments of the
committee have now been gone through with. The -
bill is still open to amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have an amendment now
to propose which has not been recommended by !
the Committee on the Judiciary, their attention not ;
having been drawn to the subject. The bill, in
that portion of it relating to the fees of clerks of
the courts, contains these words: " For every
search for each mortgage, judgment, or other lien,
fifteen cents." I propose to strike out the words
" mortgage, judgment, or other lien," and insert
" person against whom the search is made." The
necessity of the amendment arises from this fact,
that clerks of the courts are required to make
search for liens, mortgages, and judgments—judg-
ments in the courts of the United States creating
in the State of New York a lien. Under the local
laws of the State a specific sum, so many cents,
is given for each name against whom the search ts
made for each year,going back for ten years; but
in the United States courts the clerk goes back to
the establishment of the courts, and thus the fees
become enormous. It will not answer the neces-
sities of the case to leave the bill as it is, because
in nine cases out of ten no mortgage or judgment
is found, and therefore the clerk would get no
compensation whatever in such a case. There-
fore I propose to strike out the words I have indi-
cated , and insert those named by me in theirplace.
Mr. FISH. I propose to amend that section in
a mode which I think will meet the view of the
Senator from Maine. It is to strike out in the
clause which he has read the word " each," and
insert the words " any particular," so thatitshall I
read, " For every search for any particular mort-
gage, judgment, or other lien, fifteen cents," and 1
at the end of the clause to add: |
For searching the records of the court for judgments,
decrees, and other instruments constituting a general lien
upon real estate, and certifying the result of such search,
fifteen cents for each person against whom such search is
required to be made.
i Mr. BRADBURY. I will not offer my amend-
! ment, but accept that of the Senator from New
, York. It tends to correct an abuse which now
: exists, and I hope it will be adopted.
] The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the bill i
by adding to that part of it which provides for |
clerks' fees, the following: i
j And the clerks of the district and circuit courts respect-
ively, ex officio, shall be and hereby are authorized and I
empowered to administer oaths, take acknowledgments,
' take anil certify affidavits and depositions, in the same |
I manner as commissioners, and shall be entitled to the same !
fees and compensation therefor.
Mr. President, this amendment was made to
a similar bill which was before the Senate two
years ago, and I believe I am justified in saying
that it meets the approbation of a majority of the
Committee on the Judiciary, if not all the mem-
i bers of that committee. The necessity of it arises
| from this: In the smaller towns where the district
or circuit courts may sit, there sometimes is a dif-
ficulty found in obtaining a commissioner, simply
to administer an oath, to acknowledge a deed, or
take an affidavit, and this is to supply that de-
ficiency. It only makes the clerk a commissioner
for the purpose specified in the amendment. I
hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKE. I propose to insert, after the
1 provision allowing marshals of the United States
I courts the same fees for receiving and paying over
money as sheriffs of States, the following: |
• Provided, That in the State of Mississippi the commis-
sion for collecting money in final process, shall remain
as now prescribed by law.
Mr. BRADBURY. I see no necessity for
adopting that amendment.
Mr. BROOKE. I offer the amendment for the
reason that the present commissions for collecting
money are nearly all the marshal has to rely upon
for compensation, and they afford barely a remu-
> nerative compensation; and if reduced to the same
fees as sheriffs have in my State, I am very certain
j that the fees will not afford a sum that will be at
' all remunerative. That does not concern, I pre-
sume, any other State in the Union; but I know
from conversations with gentlemen acquainted
with this state of things in Mississippi, whom I
have seen here, and from a gentleman once con-
j nected with this office, that the bill, as it now
stands, will so reduce the compensation received
by the marshals in that State, as to render the office
: almost worthless. I hope, therefore, that the Sen-
i ator from Maine will not offer any opposition to
my amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi is not aware of the state of
facts in his own State. I have before me the sta-
tistics, and can refer him to the compensation re-
ceived by the marshal of Mississippi for different
years, to show that he certainly receives a re-
munerative compensation. The marshal of the.
southern district of Mississippi, in 1842, received
$10,158; in 1846, his compensation was $7,093; in
1850, it was §7,048; and in 1843, he charged no
less than $21,178. It is to correct some of the ex-
traordinary abuses which have grown up that
this bill has been introduced.
Now, in regard to compensation for services
actually rendered, I will state that this bill gives
as high remuneration as the fee bills in nearly all
the States, and higher than most of them; but it
cuts off abuses that exist. Let me give an in-
stance: In the Stateof Mississippi, a sheriff receives
for the service of a writ, from fifty cents to one
dollar and fifty cents, according to its nature, and
for traveling, nothing; but this bill proposes to
give the marshal for each service upon each per-
son, two dollars; and for travel, six cents per
mile. I think the Senator will find that the bill
gives adequate remuneration for every service ren-
dered, and it would entirely destroy the symmetry
of the bill, to undertake to -except particular dis-
tricts, particularly in States where the correcting
hand of the law is needed as much as anywhere
else.
Mr. BUTLER. I can tell the Senator from
Maine that unless, when amendments are carried
to him, he chooses to reject them at once, and
proclaim to the Senate that he will accept no
amendments, he will not carry the bill through.
That is the only course by which the bill can be
passed, in my opinion. I remember three years ago
having a similar bill in my charge, and I endeav-
ored to carry it through the Senate, but objections
were made and amendments were moved, and it
was lost. My friend Judge Berrien, formerly Sen-
ator from Georgia, made an attempt to carry a sim-
ilar bill through two years ago. Objections were
made to it, and it failed. Now, the bill is in the
' hands of the Senator from Maine, and I tell him,
as the organ of the Committee on the Judiciary,
I that if he allows himself to be diverted from the
! main purpose, and to accept these amendments
[ which are offered, he will not accomplish what the
j bill proposes, and that is, a radical reform of these
; abuses. When I state to the Senate one fact,
which can be confirmed by all the members of the
Judiciary Committee, they will see that there is a
necessity for the passage of this bill. There are
persons in the United States—I will not name
them—marshals, district attorneys, and clerks, or
other Federal officers, who, notwithstanding they
are entitled to receive only $3,000 a year, are
making $17,000, $18,000, and $20,000 a year, in
the form of fees. Let the bill pass, and if the
gentleman from Mississippi should find it objee-
I tionable in practice hereafter, it can then be amend-
ed. But you cannot get through with the bill, if
you undertake to trifle with amendments in this
way.
j Mr. BAYARD. The amendment of the Sena-
' tor from Mississippi, it seems to me, involves a
' difficulty which has been suggested by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, and will necessarily de-
feat the bill. It proposes to except officers in a
particular State from the provisions of a statute
proposed to be passed for the purpose of produ-
cing a uniformity in the charges of the officers of
the United States courts. If this is to be done in
one case, representatives from other States will
, make the same application as to their States, on
the ground that this bill interferes with the exist-
ing compensation of particular officers, and thus
an «nd will be put to all uniformity. The object
of the bill will be entirely defeated, if an amend-
ment of that kind be sanctioned by the Senate.
At least, I may be allowed to remark, that if we
are called upon to make an amendment in a spe-
cific case, we should have the exact facts of that
case before us. We should know the ratio of
compensation that exists in reference to the mar-
shal of Mississippi, in grder to see whether the
ratio is too little, according to the character of the
duties to be performed; for it will not do, in pass-
ing a measure of this kind, to look merely to the
emoluments to be derived in the gross by particu-
lar officers, but whether the services to be per-
formed are fairly compensated, be they performed
where they may. Then, if the individual who ac-
cepts the office is fairly compensated for the ser-
vice to be performed, he takes it according to the
advantage of locality in any State; and that must
