1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
I hold the principle to be sound, that the party
should pay some costs; and I hold further, that it
follows from necessity, that if these costs are rea-
sonable, as a matter of compensation between the
counsel and the client who succeed, they will
ameliorate the extent of the counsel's charge
against his own client.
The principle in Mississippi, it seems, is this:
that the party who sues a debtor, even where there
is no defense, where merely for the sake of gaining
time the debtor denies the existence of the debt,
and then gives judgment as a matter of form, and
so gains time to which he would not otherwise be
entitled, and not pay costs in any proportion or in
any degree to him who sues him. I hold that
principle to be utterly unjust.
So, too, in litigated cases. Litigated cases may
arise either from intentional wrong on the part of
the plaintiff or defendant, or they may arise from
ignorance or the absence of particular knowledge;
but in either case yeu can take no criterion, ex-
cept that the party who, when he comes fairly into
a court of justice, fully represented, loses thp case,
ought to remunerate the individuafwhom he has
compelled to go there in order to assert his rights.
I hold it to be certain that that remuneration does
not give to the attorney one particle more than he
would otherwise receive. What lawyer in this
body supposes you could try litigated cases in the
courts of Mississippi, or anywhere else, where the
slightest amount was involved, for an attorney's
fee of twenty dollars? No lawyer would do it.
His own client would have to pay him beyond that
amount. Besides, this bill, I understand, allows
to the attorney a docket fee of only ten dollars for
the simple collection, where there is no jury trial.
I speak from experience, from what I understand
of the practice of New York, when I say, that
under the system of costs there,lawyers formerly
did not charge any collection fees to their own
clients, but were satisfied to take the costs of the
case. Subsequently, when those costs were cut
down, they got to charging a small amount, and
yet, throughout the middle States, the general
charge for collections is five per cent.
I am perfectly satisfied in my own mind that the
provision contained in the bill which the Senator
from Mississippi seeks to amend, will have the
effect of reducing the expense of the party collect-
ing the debt, which is withheld merely for the
purpose of delay; and, as between the delaying
debtor who has no defense, and the creditor who
has a just demand, I think, on every principle of
justice, that debtor is entitled to pay a proportion
of the compensation for the recovery of the claim, i
Mr. BRADBURY. I rise merely to express the
hope that we may have a vote upon the amend- I
ment. and then upon the bill. There is no neces- |
sity for any extended debate.
The amendment of Mr. Adams wa3 rejected. I
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer an amendment j
which, if adopted, will, I think, be the means of
reforming a great many abuses that now exist;
and besides that, 1 would say to the Senator from
Delaware that I think it is not obnoxious to the
objection which he makes, and would not disar-
range the symmetry of the system. The amend-
ment which I propose to offer is, to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter it
shall not be lawful for any circuit or district judge of the
United States to appoint or continue in office, directly or
indirectly, any relation of such judge, as cleric or deputy
clerk of the court of which lie is or may be judge.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that I think he carries this amend-
ment too far. If he would restrict it to lineal de-
scendants, or to the immediate relations, perhaps
there might be some propriety in it; but I think it
is going entirely too far to say, " any relation."
Mr. ADAMS. We have no power to disfran-
chise any of the free citizens of this country.
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly not.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think that would be rather
an invidious amendment. There maybe abuses
of the kind which require correction, but I hope
the amendment will not be adopted upon this bill.
Several Senators. Let us vote it down.
Mr. WALKER. I did not intend to say any- j
thing upon the amendment, but the peculiar spirit
exhibited by some gentlemen in the Chamber on !
this matter, induces me to say a few words in re- ;
gard to what has brought about a great portion of,
the abuses complained of. 11
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make one suggestion ? 1 think he will
find more favor for his amendment if he will re-
strict his degrees of relationship to some near re-
lationship—say son or brother.
Mr. WALKER. I will accept that, and sub-
stitute, instead of the word " relation," the words
" son or broiher."
Mr. BRIGHT. I would suggest also, to in-
. elude son-in-law, brother-in-law, or nephew.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Wisconsin accept the proposed amendments?
Mr. WALKER. I accept the suggestion of the
Senator from New York. 1 wasgoingonto speak
about what has produced a great amount of the
abuses complained of. It is the practice of ap-
pointing the relatives of the judges to clerkships
of courts. I speak from knowledge upon that point.
I know a case of the sort. The case to which I
refer, was where a son or other relation of the
district judge had been appointed a clerk. When
such an appointment is made, it becomes the in-
terest of the judge, of course, to certify as large
an amount of fees as he possibly can, and not
render himself subject to impeachment. This has
been, to my knowledge, complained of in a locality
where the courts sat; and complaints will continue,
unless by some prohibitory act an end be put to
the practice, i do not intend to say anything
more upon the amendment, but I shall call for the
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust this amendment will
not be adopted. Why, sir, it is based upon the
presumption that every man whom you select as
a judge—the choicest men of your bar throughout
the United States—men peculiarly fitted by their
integrity and qualifications to fill these high posts,
the moment you put them in office would abuse
their power for their own base purposes.
Mr. WALKER. It has been done.
Mr. MALLORY. I am told they have done it;
but, sir, the exceptions to the rule have been so
few as almost to put the judiciary of this country
above reproach. Is not this a direct charge against
the judiciary of the conntry? If a judge could
exercise this influence over his relatives, might he
not find a much more willing instrument in a
stranger? If a judge can make contracts and bar-
gains with clerks, with his own relatives, might
he not do it with strangers? If the judges are
disposed to have the business of the country done
uprightly and justly, can they not do it through a
son or a brother? Is there no other way? Is there
■any direct line of integrity in some persons more
than in others ? I think not.
Mr. BRADBURY. The bill, if left as it stands,
will correct many of the abuses to which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has alluded; but I fear that
adopting an amendment of this character, which
undertakes to legislate certain officers out of office, j
and to disqualify a certain class of persons from
holding office, would lead to such a diversity of
opinion in the other House, as might defeat the 1
bill. I can assure the honorable Senator, that the
bill itself will reach the abuses which he is desir-
I ous of correcting, and I hope he will not jeopard
the whole bill by an amendment of this character.
Mr. W ALKER. I do not wish to jeopard the
bill, nor do I believe the adoption of this amend-
ment will jeopard it. On the contrary, I think it
will give the bill strength. I know that thisabuse
has been complained of in the State in which I
live, and I feel it to be my duty to the people of
Wisconsin to propose this amendment; for, what-
ever the Senator from Florida may say about this
amendment imputing favoritism directly against
the judiciary, I would ask him, are we not liable
to have appointed to the bench, men whose ava-
rice and cupidity are as great as those of any other
class of society in the world ? I do not mean it as
a charge, direct or indirect, against the judiciary;
but if this be a direct or indirect charge, is not this
whole bill a charge Sgainst the judiciary ? for it
must be remembered that the judiciary is made up
of judges, clerks, marshals, and attorneys; and {
here you have a general bill to deprive the three
latter classes of the power of swindling the whole
country, as it is contended here; and yet, forsooth,
when we propose to remove onefurther objection,
it is clamorously proclaimed that we are making
insinuations against the immaculate purity of the ,
judicial ermine! Sir, I have, I hope, as exalted I
an opinion of the purity and integrity of the judi- j
ciary as the Senator from Florida, or any other I
I Senator here, but I know that there must be human
nature in the breast of a judge, as well after he is
upon the bench as before; and I can see no im-
propriety whatever in depriving him of the ability
of consummating the abuses, or some of the abuses,
which are complained of. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not willing to in-
troduce a new principle to disqualify men from
accepting office because they are related to judges.
I am opposed to making degrees of consanguinity
a test upon which office is to be conferred or filled.
Religious tests, I believe, are put down, but now
it is proposed to introduce tests in regard to rela-
tionship. Consanguinity is to be made a test to
office. I am not willing to do any such thing.
Suppose this case: Suppose there is now in office
a first-rate clerk—one against whom no objection
can be made; are you to prohibit all his relations
within the forbidden degrees from becoming judges ?
If we were to permit his relations to go in as judges,
according to the amendment , as soon as one of them
came in, he would have to dismiss the clerk. That
is a new test, which I am not willing to introduce.
But I will not consume time by making a speech
against it. I will merely say that it is introducing
a new principle, which I think ought not to be
tolerated.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, but at the same time, I must say that I
think the fault lies in the system of appointments.
I think that judges ought not to be invested with
the power of appointing their clerks, for, either
directly or indirectly, it results in increasing tlft
salaries of the judges beyond the amount which
Congress apportions to them. They ought to
have their salaries fixed at a just and reasonable
sum, and not to be dependent upon the advantage
which they can gain by assigning the clerk's office
to relations or friends. Now, I wish to state what
I know on this subject very briefly.
In the State of New York, Chancellor Kent held
the office of chancellor, and was as pure a man as
| ever lived. His brother was his register from the
time he was appointed until he ceased to be chan-
cellor. In the southern district of New York,
Judge Betts was appointed judge, and his brother
was made the clerk of the court, and has since re-
tired rich, leaving Judge Betts still on the bench.
Who holds that office now I do not exactly know,
but I believe a son of the judge is clerk of the dis-
trict court, and a brother of the judge is clerk of
the circuit court. In the northern district of New
York, a son of the late judge was clerk of that
court. In the district of Michigan, a son of the
judge, who is an excellent man, and whose salary
is too low, is clerk. In the district of New Jersey,
a son of the district judge is clerk. In the district
of Massachusetts, the same is true. In all these
cases perhaps the judges get too little and the
clerks get too much, ana out of the two the judge
is enabled some way or other, fairly or otherwise,
to get a compensation which is no more than he
ought to have.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Do you charge that they
take illegal fees ?
Mr. SEWARD. I charge that the fees of the
clerks are too large, and the salaries of the judges
too small, and in this way, this system of kins-
manship—this system of nepotism, which is com-
paratively a harmless vice in every other Govern-
ment but this, but the worst in a Republic—is
introduced here, and introduced in ths judiciary,
the very branch where nepotism ought least to be
found. I shall vote for the amendment, though,
at the same time, I wish that it might strike deeper
and reach the root of the evil.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to say one word in
reply to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood.] He says the Constitution inhibits reli-
gious tests, and that I now propose to establish a
test regulated by kinsmansnip. Let me ask the
Senator if he reflected upon the character of this
objection when he made it? Is not this very test
a discrimination made in the judicial proceedings
of his own State now? Can the son or brother of
an interested party decide upon a cause as judge?
Would he, in selecting a jury in his State, permit
a brother or a son of the party in the cause to git
upon that jury? Is this making any greater dis-
crimination in that respect than has always been
made, and always must be made to preserve the
purity of judicial proceedings? Not at all. The
