1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
management of large sums of money. There is,
therefore, a propriety in their being appointed by
the President; but as to the appointment of a clerk,
why should we make that a serious State question?
I do not think a judge ought to be deprived of the
opportunity of appointing a clerk who is to be as-
sociated with him.
Mr. BRADBURY. Let us have a vote.
Mr. BITTLER. I am very willing to discuss,
or to vote upon the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the motion to post-
pone will not be agreed to, for I am satisfied that
.we can dispose of the bill in a very few moments.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe we shall save time
by taking the vote first upon the amendment which
I suggested, and which I now offer. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin, for 1 believe it is in the form of an ad-
ditional section, by striking out all after its enact-
ing clause, and inserting in lieu of it the follow-
ing:
That lit'rentier all clerks of the circuit and district courts
of the United Stales shall be appointed by the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senaie, for the term of four years, unless sooner re
moved by the President.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from Indiana, whether, under his
amendment, the President would have power to
remove those now in office?
Mr. BRIGHT. Clearly not. The amend-
ment is, of course, silent upon that point, but it is
prospective in its operation, and I do not think the
President of the United States would have any
power in reference to the clerks now in commis-
sion .  
Mr. PETTIT. Then they would hold for life.
Mr. BAYARD. During the pleasure of the
court: that is the tenure of their appointment.
Mr. BADGER. I agree with the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Bctlkr,] that
if any public functionary ought to have the selec-
tion of the clerk of the court, it is the judge of that
court. No reason in the world can be assigned why
that officer of the court should be taken from under
the power of appointment, and be no longer subject
to the control of the judge of the court. All the
functions he has to discharge are clerical functions
in relation to the transaction of the business of the
court, in the court for the benefit and in connec-
tion with the suitors of the court; for recording,
copying, and preserving the decrees and the pro-
ceedings of the court. As we have never haa in
the United States an instance in which the courts
of the United States did not appoint their own
clerks since the Constitution was established, it is
very difficult, I imagine, to assign any reason
why a system adopted by the wisdom of our fore-
fathers, and acted upon for sixty years, should
now at once be altered. What good is to be ac-
complished by the alteration ? Why, sir, when
a clerk of a court is about to be appointed, do you
wish to have a rush of political applicants here,
troubling Senators and members of the House of
Representatives for recommendations to the Presi-
dent of the*United States, bringing forward and
parading their miserable party services as a quali-
fication for holding this office ? Do you wish to
extend the range of this scramble, already suffi-
ciently disgraceful and injurious to the country,
and sufficiently annoying to the members of the
two Houses of Congress ?
What object is to be accomplished by the
change ? Is it for the purpose of increasing the
Executive patronage of the Government ? Sir, upon
that subject if we were to have a Whig Presi-
dent, I should feel it my duty to lift up my voice,
to " cry aloud and spare not." But I am the
more reconciled with that idea now, because I
think that the honorable gentleman from Indiana
looks forward shortly to see installed into the presi-
dential office, a gentleman upon whom the most
perfect reliance can be placed, and that everything
in his charge will be well managed. Therefore, in \
the existing circumstances of the country, that ob- j
jection loses a great part of its forcer, but the other I
remains without any abatement.
The person who holds the office of clerk of a
court, requires particular qualifications for that
office. The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams]
asks, What is he to do but to record the pro-
ceedings of the court? Why, sir, that Senator 1
think knows, certainly—I had supposed that every
legal gentleman knew—that it is not the easiest
thing in -the world, but, on the contrary, it is a dif-
ficult thing to procure a person who possesses the
qualifications for a good clerk. He should be ap-
pointed by a man who has an interest in his pos-
sessing those qualifications. He should be ap-
pointed by a man separated by his condition from
the active political agitations of the country. He
should be appointed, if we can possibly have any
officer appointed, with a view to the discharge of
the duties for which he is to be selected.
Now, Mr. President, why incorporate such a
provision into this bill ? I agree entirely with the
Senator from South Carolina; 1 am totally opposed
to any such change. I am not for introducing it.
I do not speak of the range which it wo^ld give to
Executive patronage; that is comparatively an un-
important thing; but I am not for having these
offices filled by political partisans in consideration
of political services. The President of the United
States may have the best disposition, as no doubt
he will, to make the best and most judicious se-
lections; but how is he to know ? I hope that the
Senate will not adopt the amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall oppose the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Indiana, for this simple
reason: I think that the clerk of a court ought to
be substantially under the direction of the judge in
the performance of his duties. I can imagine
nothing more disagreeable, and which may some-
times be more detrimental to the public interests,
than a disagreement between the judge and the
clerk. 1 doubt whether there is any member of
the Senate who has ever been so unfortunate as to
j be upon the bench, who would be willing again to
( go on the bench with a clerk independent of him,
and with whom he might possibly be on terms of
difference. I think that the judge should have
power to say to the clerk, "Make that entry;"
and if h^oes not make it, the judge should have
power to dismiss him from office, and let the judge
be held responsible. I think he should have the
power in that respect. 1 think the judge should
be the appointing power, and especially should he
be the appointing power in preference to the Presi-
dent of the United States. I believe it would in-
troduce much mischief-and much confusion in the
judicial system, if this change should be made. I
hope it will not be made, but that the system will
be preserved as it is.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, the remarks
which have fallen from the honorable Senator from
North Carolina and the honorable Senator from
Illinois indicate that they both attach a degree of
prefectibility to the general conduct of judges of
the circuit and district courts of the United States
that they would nottothegeneral conductof judges
of the circuit and inferior courts of the States of
this Union. In most of the States clerks are elected
by the people, and not subject to removal by the
i " fiat" of the court, as proposed by the Senator
j from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] I mean not the
I! slightest disrespect to any branch of the judiciary
[ known to the laws of the country, nor do I think
| any can fairly be implied by offering this amend-
ment. I hope that I have quite as high an esti-
i mate of their honesty and purity of purpose as
, either of those honorable Senators.
I was not the first to propose an amendment to
the bill under consideration. I was willing to take !
this part of the bill as it came from the committee;
but when the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
moved an amendment, which in direct terms dis-
franchises a portion of my fellow-citizens because
they are related by ties of consanguinity to the
judges in whom the appointing power is now vest-
ed by law, I object; and with a hope of making
my objection effective, offer an amendment that
has for its object the establishment of the same
mode and manner of appointing clerks in the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States that
govern the selection of nine tenths of all the im-
portant offices of the Federal Government. Now, '
is there anything wrong in this ? Is there anything
unreasonable in this ? But the honorable Senator |
from North Carolina says it is increasing the pat-
ronage of the Executive; it multiplies the number j
of already numerous applicants for office; that it
subjects Senators and Representatives to a further !
J annoyance of friends importuning for office. All j
this is true, Mr. President, to a certain extent. !
"Executive patronage is increased." It could j
I not be otherwise. But where can the power be >
! more wisely and safely placed than with the Presi-1;
| dent, subject to approval or disapproval by the
J Senate' Would you not think it quite as safe to
i trust this power to two Senators of a Slate, sent
; here by the expressed will of a legislative body,
chosen by the people, as to delegate the power to
a judge, appointed by this same President and
ratified by the Senate? I think so. The office of
marshal, in the Federal courts, is not more import-
ant in any respect, or as lucrative, generally
speaking, as that of clerks in these eou/ts; anil
yet all in each of the States are nominated and
confirmed as proposed by the amendment under
| consideration.
( As to the other objection urged by the honorable
1 Senator from North Carolina, I have only to say
J the annoyances he speaks of by political friends
1 are incidental to public life; they are in part the
price those pay who wear honors; they go toward
I making up that entire whole, which is embraced
in the public duties of every public man; and
then again, that which would be regarded as an
annoyance by one, would not be so regarded by
another. For myself, I am happily so consti-
tuted that my reasonable friends cannot annoy
me.
But again, I am charged with a preference for
this amendment because the incoming Adminis-
tration is Democratic, and the effect of it will be
to swell that crowd of office-seeking friends, de-
scribed by the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina. I can assure the honorable Senator, that
in this he does me injustice. Under the same
state of facts I should have offered the same
amendment, it is immaterial who, or what party
may have the patronage to bestow. It is a prin-
ciple that I am contending for, uninfluenced by
any such considerations as the Senator suggests.
True, I have my political preferences, and I would
at any time ratherpublish than conceal them. I
believe that I *m right in the opinions I profess,
and do not deny, that all my sympathies (politically
speaking) are wifti those of the same faith. From
the Supreme Court down I have ever made it a
rule to prefer those who are of the same political
principles with myself; but in this connection I
beg to be understood as never legislating with a
view to create new offices, or altering the mode of
filling those already created, in order to increase
the patronage of a triumphant party. The hum-
ble part I act here is governed by considerations
infinitely beyond and above the mere question of
who fills an office.
One word more in reference to the amendments.
I am not dissatisfied with the bill as it now stands,
at least with the section under consideration; but
if the Senate determine to alter it, I think the
amendment I have offered better than that offered
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Indiana, Mr. President, has spoken of some perfec-
tion, which he says is attributed to the circuit
j and district judges of the United States by the
J Senator from Illinois and myself. Sir, 1 heard
! nothing from the Senator from Illinois which at-
tributed perfection to anybody; and it is very cer-
tain that I neither said por intended to say anything
that attributed perfection to anybody, and there-
fore I suppose the honorable Senator from Indiana,
being unable to meet fairly what was said, thought
proper to substitute a proposition which had not
been uttered, which no man was unreasonable
«BOUgh to utter, and which, therefore, it was easy
to refute, because nobody maintained it. I do
not precisely suppose that there is any exact per-
fection in any human being—in the judges of the?
circuit courts of the United States, or the judges of
the circuit courts of the States.
The honorable Senator says that the clerks of
the circuit courts of the States are in many, and
perhaps in most instances, appointed, not by the
judge of the court, but by the people. Very well,
sir. Suppose they are. When you give this ap-
pointment to the people, you revert to the original
and primal sovereign authority of the nation or of
the State; and when you deposit the power there, as
each of these public servants draws his commis-
sion and receives his official life from the same ul-
timate sovereign, there is, atall events, no right to
complain of the depositary of the power, however
much you may think it is not judiciously made.
But that is not the case here. It is now proposed
to take this appointment from the judge, the proper
public functionary by whom it is now exercised,
and ever has been exerted under our system, and,
