1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
when the court is held at the place of his abode,
and five dollars when held elsewhere ? 1 make this
suggestion to the honorable Senator from Maine,
because he expressed such a desire to preserve the
symmetry of the bill. I think he ought to attend
to this language, and modify it.
Mr. BRADBURY. Theamendment suggested
by the Senator from Mississippi is merely a verbal
one. I did not prepare the bill: it came to us from
the House', and I suppose the reason for the phra-
seology to which he adverts is, that when the court
is heid at a place remote from the residence of the*
district attorney, he gets mileage in addition to his
per diem. That explains the matter. |
Mr. GEYER. I move to amend the bill by
adding before the provision imposing certain pen-
alties upon th« officers for taking greater fees than
are allowed by the bill, the following provision:
In case of official service rendered by any district attor-
ney, marshal, or clerk, for whieli no fee h prescribed by
this act, there shall be allowed such fee as is allowed by
the law* of the State in which tile court is held, for like
service in the courts of such State of genera] original juris-
diction.
The object of that amendment is to cover cases
not provided for by this bill. There are some ser-
vices required in the courts of the United States,
which are similar to those required in the State
courts in which that United States court may be
held. In Missouri, for example, and perhaps in
some of the other States, the marshal's deed, where I
he conveys lands sold under execution, has by law '
necessarily to be acknowledged before, and certi- |
fied to by the clerk of the court out of which the 1
execution issues. This bill provides no fee for
that service. It often happens that surveys must
be copied in the transcript of the record, and no
fee is provided in this bill for that. The sole ob-
ject of the amendment is, in cases where no spe-
cific fee is provided, to allow the fee granted by
the local laws for similar service.
Mr. BRADBURY. The effect of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri would be equiv-
alent to saying at the end of the bill," provided this
act shall have no effect." The difficulty under
which we now labor is that there is a general pro-
vision of law, that for services not specifically pro-
vided for, the compensation shall be governed by
that allowed in the State courts, and under that
provision, if the State courts have gone on and
cut down the compensation, the costs have re-
mained, and £reat abuses have grown up by al-
lowing such enormous compensation as is claimed
in New York, under precisely similar phraseology.
There a district attorney has claimed $400 or $500
in a single case. I appeal to the Senator from
Missouri not to press his amendment, and if in
particular cases experience shall show the neces-
sity of making any change, it can then be made;
but do not let us destroy this bill by inserting this
phraseology.
Mr. GEYER. I apprehend that the defect in
the law, as it now stands, is, that it does not spe-
cify cases; that it does not fix, specifically, the
fees, as this bill does. This bill, in the clause
which follows the part in which I propose to in-
sert this amendment, imposes a heavy penalty
upon any " clerk, marshal, or attorney, who shall
charge any other or greater fees than are allowed
by this act." The bill was intended to cover all
cases; but it has left out several, two of which I
have named, and it will only be in cases for which
this act does not provide, and in which there is a
State law, that the amendment will apply. The
act itself will cover all cases where the fee is speci-
fied; but if a fee is not provided, the State law will
apply, if there be one.
Mr. BRADBURY. I wish to make an expla-
nation. We give a single item of a docket fee, as
full compensation for the attorney. Now, in the
State courts they have no such item; and in nine
cases out of ten the compensation is made up of
little items; therefore the effect of this amendment
would be, in addition to that docket fee, to give the
various items allowed by the States, and thus make
the law infinitely worse than that which exists at
pjesent.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. I have an amendment which
I desire to submit. It is, to add the following as
an additional section :
Sec. —. ~1nd be it further enacted, That the tenth sec-
tion of the act approved September 28th, 1850, entitled "An
act to provide for extending the laws and judicial system of
the United States to the State of California," be so amended
as to confer on the district court for the State of California,
jurisdiction in all criminal cases, as fully and completely
as is conferred, by law, upon the district or circuit court for
the State of New York.
I would simply remark, that the act which I
seek to amend, confers jurisdiction only in civil
cases. My object is to confer jurisdiction in crim-
inal cases; for, under that law, the district court of
California cannot try a case of murder upon the
high seas.
Mr. BUTLER. The honorable Senator from
California consulted me upon that subject. I do
not know how the omission occurred in the other
act. I did not draw it up myself, though I believe
the bill passed through my hands. I think it em-
inently proper that the district courts of California
should have jurisdiction in criminal cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. There are various small
amendments which I desire to offer to the bill, but
I do not like to embarrass it, because I really wish
it to pass. There is one amendment, however,
which I am confident the committee would have
inserted, if their attention had been called to it. It
is to insert in line thirty-four, page eight, of the
bill, after the words "for every, the words "mo-
nition in admiralty, two dollars." The bill, in
that line, provides that for every proclamation
thirty cents shall be paid. There are agreat many
monitions in admiralty for which thirty cents
would be ample compensation; but this is a pro-
vision for a monition which issues at the command
of the courts by the executive officer of the courts,
which is a notice to all the world, and is some-
times an abstract of a libel which may be twenty
pages in length, and for which thirty cents would
be no compensation whatever. I simply ask that
the words I have named may be inserted, and that
is the only amendment which 1 will ask the Senate
to consider at this time.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKE. I wish simply to ask the hon-
orable Senator who has charge of this bill for an
explanation of the effect of the provision on page
four, which reads thus:
" Whenever two or more things, belonging to the same
person or persons, are, or shall be, seized for an alleged
violation of the revenue laws, the whole shall be included
in one suit; and if not so included, and separate actions are
prosecuted, the court inay consolidate them."
What I want to know is, whether this provision
applies to goods imported at different times, in ,
different vessels ? I want to know whether the
| law will require or permit the court to consolidate
the actions in such a case as that?
j Mr. BRADBURY. Not at all. It only leaves
it for the court to consolidate when the cases should
be consolidated, in order to avoid libeling five hun-
dred chests of tea, for example, under five hun-
dred separate libels.
Mr. BROOKE. There is one other question
relating to the phraseology of the bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have nothing to do with
that.
Mr. BROOKE. I wish to ask a question re-
specting the proviso on the fourteenth page, which
is in these words:
" Provided, That when the compensation of any clerk
shall be less than five hundred dollars per annum, the differ
ence ascertained and allowed by the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury shall be paid to him therefrom."
From what? From the sum "less than five
hundred doHars?"
Mr. BRADBURY. From the "Treasury."
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended,and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the-bill to be read a third time. It was read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the question is taken on
the title of the bill, I wish to suggest an amend-
ment to it. I think the title of a bill should al-
ways indicate the contents of the bill. I propose,
therefore, that instead of the words "and for
other purposes," there be inserted the words " and
for the benefit of attorneys."
The amendment was rejected, and the title was
agreed to.
STAFF DEPARTMENTS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the Senate now to take
up the order of the day, consisting of several mil-
itary bills. I want to get through with them this
evening if we can. The greater part of the day
has been consumed, but perhaps there is time
enough left to act upon them. I move first to take
up the bill to repeal the several acts organizing the
staff departments of the Army therein mentioned,
and to provide for the discharge of the duties
thereof by a detail of officers of the line.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to abolish
the staff commissions of the officers of the adju-
tant general s, inspector-general's, quartermas-
ter 8) and subsistence departments, and to author-
ize the President to assign them, as well as the
chiefs of those departments, with their present
regimental rank, or that to which they would be
entitled at this time if they had not received staff
appointments. It also empowers the President to
order a detail of a sufficient number of officers to
be made by the General-in-Chief, to perform the
duties of the departments before enumerated.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to strikeout all after
the enacting clause, and insert:
That the President of the United States is hereby au-
thorized and empowered, in his discretion, to assign any
officer of the adjutant general's, inspector general's, quar-
termaster's, and subsistence departments, to service in the
line of the Army with his present rank, or that to which he
would be entitled at this time had he not received such staff
appointment, and his appointment as staff officer shall
cease upon such assignment.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That to supply the
place of any officer thus assigned, if it be necessary to sup-
ply his place, the President is hereby authorized and em-
powered to direct a detail to be made from the line of the
Army of such officer as he may think best qualified for the
purpose, and the said officer while employed in the dis-
charge of staff duties shall receive the pay and allowance
to which a staff officer of like grade is entitled, and shall
give a bond and security for the faithful discharge of his
duties in the manner now provided by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) The original bill is open to amend-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have some in-
formation about the present system, and how this
differs from it.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, in order to save time, I propose to
adopt the following course. There are five of
these military bills. I want to get through with
them to-day, and in order to do that, I propose to
submit the amendment which I desire to offer to
them, and then take them up and explain them.
I wish to get through with them to-day, and it is
utterly impossible for me to do so, unless I pro-
i ceed in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not know any mode by which five bills can be con-
sidered at the same time.
Mr. RUSK. Does the honorable Senator pro-
pose to act on this bill to-day ?
! Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly, if I can succeed
i in doing so. I think it will save time if I can be
; allowed to propose the amendments to each, and
j then explain briefly their nature.
Mr. WELLER. You cannot do that,
i Mr. SHIELDS. I can explain the other bills
in connection with this, and altogether they form
a series of measures intended by the committee to
improve the condition of the Army. I may as
well give a brief explanation of the character and
object of the measures—not because I have any
hope of their passage this "Session, for I fear it will
be impossible to call attention to a subject of this
kind at this stage of the session—but to call atten-
tion to their provisions and to facilitate their pas-
sage if possible, hereafter. These measures are
very simple in their character, only attempting to
remedy defects and correct abuses which experi-
ence proves to exist in our present military system,
and which have been developed by time and ag-
gravated somewhat by neglect. They contem-
plate no radical change in any portion of the sys-
tem. They merely aim to effect some practical
reform by removing impediments, and this being
done, then trust to the activity, zeal, and intelli-
gence of the Army to work out its own improve-
ment. The first step in any reform of this kind
is to make provision for the support of a very
meritorious class of officers who have become
I unable to discharge their duties on account of
1 wounds, sickne8s,and old age. While these con-
tinue in the service there can be no efficiency, and
no Government could be so inhuman as to turn
, them adrift after having squeezed all health and
strength and energy out of them, without making
some moderate provision for their support in their
dreary, declining years. This is why they remain
in the Army, a burden to themselves ana a clog
