590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
upon the service; and yon might as well expect a
great complex nv.chine to move with rapidity,
regularity, and efficiency, with many of the prin- 1
cipal wheels broken, and with those broken wheels J
closing' and impeding the machine, as to expect
the Army to be efficient while its ranks are filled
with disabled and superannuated officers. !
A bill providing for the retirement of these offi-
cers from the service, and making moderate, but,
I think, competent provision for their subsistence,
has already passed the Senate this session, and I .
sincerely hope it will also pass the House. It is ;
recommended by considerations of policy and hu-
manity. The bill to which I first invite attention,
and to which I propose an amendment, relates to
the staff department of the Army. For the size
of our Army, our military staff is excessive. No
other Army has a staff as large, in proportion.
This bill, as amended, gives the President the
power to diminish it, if the service will admit of
such diminution. It leaves this, however, to his
discretion. The efficiency of an Army depends
very much upon the efficiency of its staff. It
would not be just to say that the staff of our Army
is inefficient; but, it is right to say, that some of :
the gallant officers, who fill places in these Depart- !
ments, are better fitted to lead companies against
flaming batteries than to make judicious contracts
for provisions, forage, wagons, and horses; and
that others, who once led the charge, and braved
death in the front of battle, are, at this moment,
from the infirmity of old age—and old age is an i
enemy that overtakes the hero as well as the cow-
ard—fit for nothing but to be placed upon a retired
list for the rest of their lives. As the law now
stands, these can only be removed by dismissal
from the service. This bill gives the President the
discretion, and enables him to send those who are
good soldiers, but bad contractors and bad man-
agers of the public property, back to the line of
those companies and regiments, and the retired
list will dispose of the old and disabled.
The next bill is one of reform and retrenchment.
It proposes to abolish brevet pay and double ra-
tions, and is likely to be very unpopular with those
whom it will affect. It is a very unpleasant duty j
to bring forward a measure to strip some of our
best officers of a large portion of their present
emoluments. They will consider this as a per-
sonal wrong. Every man who is deprived of any
portion of his accustomed receipts, feels himself
aggrieved. The man who introduces a measure for
the reduction of salaries, or the withdrawal of |
perquisites, may calculate upon very active and in- I
terested opposition. This is why we have a great j
deal of speculative, but very little practical reform I
in Congress. This is essentially a measure of |
practical reform. It cuts off extra allowances. I
Here the retrenchment can be calculated; but if it ]
fully accomplishes its purpose, the retrenchment
in other respects will be incalculable. One of the
greatest evils of the present system of military ser-
vice is, the multiplicity of petty military posts.
The Army is broken in to a myriad of posts scattered
over the continent, from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
The first vicious effect of this is military disor-
ganization, transforming the rank and file from
sold iers into policemen. The second is a plethoric
military staff. As we increase the number of
posts we must increase the number of surgeons,
quartermasters, paymasters, and commissaries;
and the last and greatest evil is, that it increases
the necessary and incidental expenses—for posts 1
are expensive in a thousand ways. It renders the
expenses of transportation exorbitant beyond all
calculation; it augments the wear and tear of the
Army, and renders it less efficient for the protec-
tion of the frontier. A few well-selected command-
ing positions which would overawe the Indian
tribes, and from which they could be reached and
chastised when necessary, would make our pres-
ent military force more efficient to protect the
frontier, than five times the number broken into a
multitude of petty posts, and scattered over the
continent. The object of this bill is to cut up this
evil by the roots; to take away all incentive and
inducement for the establishment of these numer-
ous posts. Every officer who commands a post
now receives double rations and brevet pay. This
temptation i? irresistible. It is a premium upon
the multiplication of posts. This bill will check
the evil by removing the motive, and the wisdom
and energy of tfie President must do the rest. I I
hope to bring forward a measure hereafter to regu- |
late and equalize pay, and thus make up, to some
extent, in a general and equitable way, for this de-
duction. There are other provisions in this bill
for the improvement of the prospects of the com-
mon soldier, and for affoiding him some opportu-
nities for instruction and promotion, which will
meet, 1 hope, with universal approval. As our
Army is at present, a soldier in the ranks has
fewer chances of promotion than in any other
army in Christendom.
The next measure relates to the artillery. This
I regard as a very important measure. Nominally
we have four regiments of artillery, but in reality
we cannot be said to have one. Most of them are
serving on*the frontier as infantry. I have intro-
duced a bill to raise a regiment of cavalry, one of
the principal objects of which is to enable us to
withdraw a nearly equal number of artillery, and
place them under an able and experienced chief,
for the purpose of instruction and improvement.
There are four regiments now, with four colonels;
that is, with four independent heads. The first
essential in military service is unity. There is no
unity of purpose, action, or command in our artil-
lery. It can never be rendered efficient without a
head. The object of this bill is to give it that
head, whose duty it will be to devote his time,
talents, energy, and experience to the perfection
of the artillery. We can easily improvise an army
of infantry. Our people are generally excellent
horsemen, and easily converted into cavalry; but
artillery is the work of time; its efficiency depends
upon instruction and practice, and its perfection
can only be attained by the most careful instruc-
tion, the most indefatigable perseverance, and the
most continued practice. The use of artillery, in
all its forms, the preparation of all the different
species of munitions, the repair and construction
of carriages, the construction of field-works, and
all kinds of temporary defenses, are duties that
may devolve upon a corps of artillery in time of
war, and in which it ought to be perfectly in-
structed in time of peace.
If we ever have another war, so far as it may be
defensive, it will be a war of artillery. Indeed, the
application of science to the improvement of this for-
midable arm may give a new character to future
modes of warfare. Our officers of artillery—as
spirited abody of men as any in America—cal. upon
us with one voice, to save that branch of the military
service from falling into absolute neglect. Once
down, it will require years to restore it to a state
of serviceable efficiency, and it is falling fast—and
this, too, at a time when the nations of Europe
are bending their energies to the improvement of
their artillery. In England you hear no vaporing
in Parliament, no speeches about war, but you
hear the note of military preparation throughout
the island. The energies of the English mind are
turned at this moment to the perfection of their
artillery, the construction of defenses, and the
augmentation of the navy. The following extract
from the Times will show how they value their
artillery:
" The arm in which we have hitherto been mainly defi-
cient has been the artillery. It was a matter of doubt last
year amongst competent authorities, if half a dozen field-
batteries could have been produced on a sudden emer-
gency for the defence of England. Yet it is upon the artil-
lery we must mainly rely for the speedy destruction of an
invading force. To repair this defect in our preparations,
orders have just been issued for the enlistment of two thou-
sand additional artillerymen, and for the purchase of one
thousand horses, which are to be exclusively appropriated
to this branch of the service. iVor is this all. Vigorous
nie.is.ures are in progress for the construction of so many
carriages and ammunition wagons as maybe requisite for
two hundred field guns. At the present rata of preparation,
tliese batteries will be ready for service by the latter end of
winter, or early m the spring ; hut, if any greater expedition
were necessary, the time of preparation could be very ma-
terially shortened. This is a portion of the military prep-
arations which must not be postponed; for guns are not cast,
or carriages constructed, or horses purchased, or artillery-
men trained in a day."
France has kept up—in spite of her revolutions
—a higher military organization than ever existed
there before, even in the triumphal days of Na-
poleon. The present inscrutable ruler of France,
whose career for good or evil is destined to leave
a deep trace on the face of this world, has effected
a change in the artillery of that country which is
destined to add to the terrible effect of that arm in
future conflicts. This bill will give our artillery
an opportunity for unlimited improvement; and
it is not too much to say that the practical genius
of our American officers is peculiarly fitted to
ad vance this arm to the highest possible perfec-
| tion.
The next bill to which I invite attention, relates
to our national defense. This is one of the most
important, and at the same time one of the most
neglected branches of the public service. This
great system was commenced in 1816, and prose-
cuted for a number of years with the most extraor-
dinary zeal; but latterly it seems to have been
abandoned, under the pleaand pretext of economy.
The last war with England opened the eyes of the
" nation to the necessity of a system of defense.
The unprotected inhabitants of the coast were left
in constant alarm. A contemptible force, more
like a marauding party than an army, entered the
Chesapeake Bay, effected a landing at Benedict,
on the Patuxent river, marched to Washington,
burned down the Capitol, and returned to their
ships with perfect impunity. Unprotected cities
and towns along the coast were subjected to the
insults and assaults of the most insignificant mari-
time force.
: The war of 1812, however, taught a profitable
! lesson to the statesmen of that day. They estab-
' lished a board in 1816. They called a distin-
1 guished French engineer, General Bernard, to
their assistance. They entered upon a magnifi-
cent system of national defense, and prosecuted
it with vigor, so long as they exercised a control-
ling influence in the councils of the nation. But
now they have passed from the stage of action,
and this system is to be abandoned. Our Con-
gressional economists have found out that it is ex-
pensive. They forget the lessons of the last war
with England. They forget that the first duty of
Government is to provide for the national safety,
that one of the first objects of revenue is to pro-
vide for the protection of our cities, harbors, dock-
yards, and naval depots. They forget, in my
opinion, their duty to the country, and they call
this dereliction of duty, economy. Upwards of
twenty millions have been already expended on
works of defense, and six or seven millions more
will complete the system;—and now it is to be
abandoned on the plea of economy. This is
strange economy—to prosecute a great system
almost to completion, and just before it is fully
completed, discover that it is expensive, and there-
fore abandon it. This vacillation is unworthy of
Congress. Our system of national defense ought
to be completed as speedily as possible. The
points that are most important and most exposed
should be first defended: the Pacific, the Gulf,
the southern and northern Atlantic, require the
speedy completion of works of defense.
The object of the measure now under consider-
ation is to authorize a board of engineers to select
the most important locality, and complete our
defenses there first where defense is absolutely
necessary. Also to diminish the size and ex-
pense of the structures by adopting a cheaper and
simpler plan of construction. Many of the forts
built according to the system of 1816 are unne-
cessarily large and expensive. If the board per-
form its duty with energy and judgment, it will
be dble to save millions to the country, and com-
plete an ample system of national defense in a
few years; and without the completion of this
system, a large portion of our coast will be ex-
posed to the insults and inroads of any maritime
Power.
As I am no alarmist, I may as well say here
that these measures are not brought forward with
any reference whatsoever to the state of our for-
eign relations, or to any preparation for war.
For my own part, I see no ground for apprehen-
sion of any kind on this subject. There are no
indications, except in some of our speeches, of
any difficulty or collision with any of the great
nations of the world. These are only ordinary
measures to diminish expenditure, and increase
the efficiency of the Army. Our regular Army
is small, and therefore it ought to be as highly
1 disciplined and well organized as possible.0 It
ought to make up in quality for what it wants in
quantity. It ought to keep on a level with the
military improvements of the age. This would
render it a well-disciplined, and well-organized
nucleus, around which, in case of necessity, we
could collect the strength and force and power of
the nation. I have no fear of war, so far as this
country is concerned; but still this is not the time
to neglect our Army, Navy, or national defenses.
: In the midst of profound peace the world is ring-
