THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED- BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1853.
New Series No. 38.
JOHN WILLIAMS. '|
Mr. JONES. I ask the unanimons consent of i
the House to take up the case of John Williams.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob- ,
jection to the gentleman's bill; but I have this sug-
gestion to make to him and the House, that we
take up and proceed now to consider all the pri- ]
vate bills from the Senate upon the Speaker's
table. Under this order, we will soon reach the
case of John Williams, and a great many others,
without detaining the House by these frequent
appeals to the Speaker and the House, by which
much time ia consumed. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] will yield to this
suggestion; and I move that we now proceed to
the consideration of the private bills upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, if the House
refuse to go either into a Committee of the Whole
House, or the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, it will be the duty of the
Speaker to proceed to the business upon the
Speaker's table, upon private bills alone. That is
the order. Does the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] insist upon his proposition? The
Chair hears no objection to its consideration.
The Senate bill, entitled " An act for the relief
of John Williams," was then read a first and
second time, and ordered to a third reading; and
according to order, was read the third time, and
passed.
PATRICK GAS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the con-
sideration of the bill for the benefit of Patrick Gas,
reported from a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. GORMAN. I suppose I have the right to
make the motion which I now intend to submit.
Mr. WALSH. What has become of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
1 phens,] to proceed to the private bills upon the
Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. There is no motion neces-
sary to proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table, if the House do not pass to other business.
JOHN CHARLES FREMONT.
Mr. GORMAN. Senate bill No. 573 was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, with
leave to report at any time; and I suppose it to be
my privilege to report the bill back now, as the
order by which it was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs would imply. It is a bill for
the relief of John C. Fremont, late lieutenant col-
onel in the Army of the United States. It is known
to the country that Colonel Fremont has been im-
f>risoned in England, and his case has been de-
ayed here for information of the vouchers. They
are all found now, and I ask leave to report the
bill.
Mr. SACKETT. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. Unanimous consent is not re-
quired.
The SPEAKER. Is there a special order rela-
ting to this case?
Mr. GORMAN. There was a special order
made, conferring upon the Committee on Military
Affairs the privilege of reporting at any time; and
it was so indorsed upon the bill by the Clerk of
the House.
The SPEAKER. If that be the order of the
House, the bill will be reported.
Mr. GORMAN. I then report the bill with
one amendment, which is verbal in its character;
it is to insert in the thirteenth line the letter F, be-
fore the name of Huttman, instead of the letter I.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman who reported this bill back if the
Military Committee have ascertained whether or
not Colonel Fremont has ever settled with the
Government, and accounted to it for the proceeds
38
of the bills drawn and upon which he was impris-
oned in England ?
Mr. GORMAN. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The report was then read.
Mr. JONES. What amount will be probably
paid under this bill ?
Mr. GORMAN. It is proposed to pay the sum
|19,500. I will observe, for the satisfaction of I
the House and the gentleman from Tennessee,
that there is upwards of $866 for which there are
no vouchers on file. That amount was paid to
the quartermasters, but the vouchers are not yet
found. Colonel Fremont has sent vouchers, and
the accounts are in process of settlement. Had
they been settled at the Department, there would
have been no necessity for introducing the bill,
because they would have reported an estimate for
the purpose, which would have been put into
the appropriation bill. There remains, however,
$866 88 unaccounted for by vouchers, which no
doubt exist, but which have not been found. The
vouchers which have been presented, and copies
of which I have here, are clear and satisfactory.
It is satisfactorily shown that the sum of $866 88,
for which there are no vouchers at hand, has been
paid. The Committee on Military Affairs called
before them an officer of the Army who was with
Colonel Fremont, who testifies to facts which
ought to satisfy the Ho.use that every dollar has
been accounted for. Colonel Fremont has been
arrested in England, imprisoned, and is now upon
bail, for that amount of money expended for the
use of the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I believe this
bill proposes to pay judgments rendered against
Colonel Fremont, and which may hereafter be
rendered against him.
Mr. GORMAN. No, sir; it proposes to pay
$19,500.
Mr. PHELPS. There are four bills of ex-
change, the total of which is $19,500, and the costs
and damages.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was then read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Missouri if there are any more
drafts behind ?
Mr. PHELPS. I am informed that some other
sums of money were borrowed in California by
Colonel Fremont. Such is the information ob-
tained from the report of the board of officers to
i which I referred when this bill wast last under
! consideration. The amount of money loaned to
Colonel Fremont, to be expended for the services
of the California battalion, was but small. There
were many debts, however, contracted for sup-
plies other than money, amounting to something
like $300,000, which this bill does not provide
for.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I wish to make an
1 inquiry of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.] I wish to inquire of the gentleman on
what account, and for what purpose, this money
; was borrowed and expended ?
[ Mr. PHELPS. The report made by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs gives the information
required by the gentleman. Perhaps the gentle-
man was not present when it was read. This
money was borrowed by Colonel Fremont for the
purpose of defraying the expenses of the troops
called into the service of the Government of trie
United States in the then Territory of California—
for their pay, and for the quartermaster's ex-
penses.
Mr. FULLER. Is this the account which was
submitted by the military board of officers ?
Mr. PHELPS. It is only a part of the report
I of the board. Demands amounting to about
$300,000 were submitted to that board of officers,
■ who reported upon only about $30,000 favorably.
The residue was rejected or suspended for further
consideration and for further testimony.
Mr. FULLER. Was that board of officers
unanimous in reporting favorably upon this
amount ?
Mr. PHELPS. As to that, I have no other
knowledge than is contained in the report which
is here.
Mr. FULLER. How is it signed?
Mr. PHELPS. It is signed dv the president
of the board. The conclusion of the report reads
as follows:
" All of which is respectfully submitted by the direction
of the board. C. T. Smith, Colonel of the United States
Army, and president of the board."
Mr. FULLER. 1 understand the fact to be,
that the board was composed of three officers, and
that two were in favor of allowing the claim. The
report was signed in that manner, indicating that
it was the opinion of the board. I am informed,
further, that when these drafts were drawn by
Colonel Fremont, negotiated by him, and he re-
ceived the money upon them, that instead—as he
should have done—of charging himself with the
money and crediting the Government with the
draft, he only credited, and did not charge himself
with the money, and since those drafts the sum of
$19,500 has been paid out of the Treasury to him.
So these very drafts have been once paid. I fur-
ther understand that Colonel Fremort cares but
very little about these matters.
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to some of the accusa-
tions made by my friend from the State of Maine,
I have to say this: As he speaks of information
derived from other than official sources, I can also
speak with the same propriety of information de-
rived from other sources. I am informed that of
this money received of Huttman, not a dollar of
( it ever went into the hands of Colonel Fremont;
yet, so far as the vouchers are concerned, they
show that it was received by him. I understand
I that the transaction was in this way: That the
| loan was negotiated by Colonel Fremont with
Huttman, and as the disbursing officers of the bat-
talion needed the money, they first made the re-
quisition upon Colonel Fremont for that amount
of money, and simultaneously executed their re-
ceipt for it, and Huttman advanced the money
therefor to the disbursing officer.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to ask the gentleman
this question: If the vouchers for the expenditure
of the money which Colonel Fremont received on
these drafts have not been filed with the Secretary
of the Treasury in the settlement of his accounts ?
Mr. PHELPS. I learn that vouchers have been
filed at the Treasury Department; and the accounts
show upon the books a certain amount of money
advanced by Colonel Fremont to one officer, to the
amount of $21,000, and to another officer to the
amount of $14,000. I have not been able myself
to ascertain from official sources the exact amount,
but I know very well—and this report of the board
of officers shows it—that these demands are mixed
up; that is, the supplies of money are mixed up
with the demands for horses, cattle, provisions for
the men, and forage for the animals, and for all
the various requirements and necessaries of a body
of troops.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. By what au-
thority were the troops called into service for which
this money was expended? Was it under the re-
quisition of the Government, or was it done by
Colonel Fremont upon his own responsibility?
Mr. PHELPS. The troops of which I speak
were called into service after the news of the com-
mencement of the war between the United States
and Mexico. There are some gentlemen here who
were in California at the time, and who know
more about this matter than I do. These troops,
I believe, were called into the service of the United
States by the authority of Commodore Stockton.
Mr. BROWN. I have some other questions
to ask the gentleman about this matter. Were
the troops thus called into service ever recognized
by the President and Secretary of War, or did
they disapprove of the proceeding ? .
Mr. PHELPS. The Government of the Uni-
ted States approved of that proceeding, and sent a
dispatch to California desiring to have those sol-
diers regularly mustered into the service of the
United States. But either from the dispatch reach-
ing there too late, or from some other cause ot
