594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
■which I am not now fully prepared to speak, those
troops were not mustered into the service of the
United Slates. We, however, recognized their
to l'e paid, at the last session of Congress.
Mr. BROWN. If I understand the gentleman
correctly, he says that these troops have been
treated l>v Congress as if they were in the service
of the Tinted States, and paid accordingly. Then,
sir, why is it that Colonel Fremont has not pre-
sented his claims to the War Department, under
the general law authorizing that Department to
settle all such claims?
Mr. GORMAN. They have been presented.
Mr. DROWN. If they have, then the War
Department has doubtless paid them.
Mr. GORMAN. No, it has not.
Mr. BROWN. Why not:
Mr. GORMAN. Colonel Fremont's accounts
are not settled yet.
Mr. BROWN. Why, then, has not Colonel
Fremont gone to the Department like other people,
and had his accounts settled and adjusted there?
But the committee ask us to pass a sum of nine-
teen or twenty thousand dollars in gross, without
knowing for what purpose the money has been
expended.
Mr. PHELPS. It was expended forthe benefit
of the troops.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman tells us that the
money was expended forthe benefit of the troops.
Well, we all know that money may be expended
in that way without being expended according to
law. I want to know, not only that the money
was expended for the benefit of troops in the ser-
vice of the Government of the United States, but
that it was properly expended. Why have not
the vouchers been recognized by the Department ?
There is ample authority on the statute-book so
to recognize them, if the debts were contracted ac-
cording to law, and if the money was expended
for purposes necessary and properfor the support
of the troops. If it has not been, then I am op-
posed to paying it until these things are explained.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] for the
information of the House, if the book which he
now has before him, being the report of the com-
mission , does not show the fact, that some accounts
for horses presented were charged three times
over, at three different prices, and certified to by
the same officer ?
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know of the gen- j
tleman from Maine what the purchase of horses, I
whether charged for two or three times over by 1
individuals in California or not, has to do with
this question ? This money, the Committee on
Military Affairs report, passed through the hands
of the paymaster, and the gentleman from Maine
very well knows that the paymaster is not the
proper officer to purchase horses for the use of the
Army. That belongs to the Quartermaster's De-
partment. I have not examined into all the ac-
counts. This board of officers, if they have done
their duty, have given all the evidence. But the
gentleman's inquiry has nothing to do with this
question. As well might you inquire, when a case
■was pending between A and B, into a transaction
which occurred between X and Y, or between A
and Y.
So far, however, as the inquiry of the gentleman
from Mississippi is concerned, the act of last ses-
sion provided for the payment of the soldiers who
■were called into the service of the Government of
the United States in California. Prior to the pas-
sage of that act, Colonel Fremont was a prisoner
in England. He was arrested there, as is related
in the report of the committee, and as has been
shown by the affidavit of his solicitor, which I
read when this bill was before the House the other
day. He has, therefore, had no opportunity to
present these accounts, or any other accounts than
have already been presented. Again: Major Read-
ing was the paymaster of the California battalion,
and I am informed that he has presented accounts
for the disbursements which took place. As far as 1
this money is concerned, $15,000 would go but a
small way towardspaying theservicesof mounted
men, and the officers who had command of them.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman does not seem
to comprehend my point. He says that the law
was only passed last year for the payment of the
troops called into service in California, under the
authority of Stockton and Fremont. That did not
at all prevent Frfmont, when he returned to the
States, from filing those vouchers in the War De-
I partment, where they properly belong. As to
• Major Reading being paymaster, that has nothing
to do with Colonel Fremont's accounts. If he
drew a draft oil the National Treasury for $19,000,
got the money for it, and paid it out, you ought to
have his receipts, stating for what purpose the
money was paid, and showing that it was paid for
purposes recognized by law. A colonel in the
Army, if he pays out money, ought to know that
he has authority for paying it out.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a point of order. When
this matter was first presented to the House, my
impulse was to vote for it. But it has clouded
over, and I cannot exactly see through it. Inas-
much as this bill makes an appropriation, I raise
the point that we cannot consider it now, but that
l it must be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House. There we may be able to investigate it
for ourselves. The case is no harder than hun-
dreds that are now in the drawers of the various
committees.
Mr. PHELPS. It is true that the bill makes
an appropriation, but when the rules were sus-
pended for its introduction, the rule was also sus-
pended which requires a bill making an appropri-
ation to be considered in Committee of the Whole.
The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson]
suggested to me that that course should be pur-
sued, and there was, at that time, an order made
suspending that rule, and the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs were authorized to report the bill at
any time.
Mr. COBB. Most assuredly so. I do not ob-
ject to that.
Mr. PHEL.PS. Well, the rule was suspended
requiring the bill to be considered in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. COBB. The rule was suspended for that
day alone, but we did not pass the bill then.
Mr. PHELPS. It was suspended for all time,
so far as this bill is concerned.
Mr. COBB. Well, I insist upon my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question as soon as he learns the history of the
case in that particular. ;
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to propound aques-
tion to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. COBB. There is a question of order pend- j
ing. ,
The SPEAKER. It will take the Clerk some
time to turn to the proceedings on this bill when
it was last up.
, Mr. LETCHER. 1 desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Missouri, whether this draft was
drawn in favor of a citizen of the United States?
Mr. PHELPS. It was drawn in favor of Hutt-
man, at that time in California, but whether a citi-
zen of the United States or not, I do not know.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire
whether it is within the recollection of the gentle-
man from Missouri, or of any other gentleman,
that the rule requiring this bill to be committed to
a Committee of the Whole House, because of its
containing an appropriation, was suspended?
Mr. PHELPS. It was suspended upon my
motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair must over-
rule the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Alabama. The Journal shows that the rule
was suspended.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Missouri why it is that the collection
of this money was not sought to be enforced by
the creditor while Colonel Fremont was in Cali-
fornia?
Mr. PHELPS. Why the creditor did not seek
to enforce the demand in California, I know not.
But Colonel Fremont left California with the in-
tention of proceeding to London, and I presume
that the creditor was desirous of embarrassing him
there. When Colonel Fremont reached London,
the draft was assigned by Huttman to Anthony
Gibbs & Son, bankers in London, and they are
the parties who have proceeded against Colonel
Fremont.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Missouri tell me the date of the draft and the date
of the assignment?
Mr. PHELPS. The date of the draft, I be-
lieve, was 8th March, 1847. I cannot tell the
date of the assignment. Like all indorsements
upon bills of exchange or negotiable notes, I pre-
sume the indorsement was in blank with respect
' to the date.
1 Mr. LETCHER. Can the gentleman say
i whether Colonel Fremont knew before he left Caf-
| ifornia that the hill had been assigned ?
■ Mr. PHELPS. I am informed that he was ig-
norant of that fact, and had no expectation of
being arrested in London. If there had been col-
lusion between Colonel Fremont and the creditor,
assuredly Colonel Fremont would not have been
arrested just as h* was getting into his carriage
with his wife and some of his friends to go to a
dinner party given to him by a distinguished Amer-
ican residing in London.
Mr. GORMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Indiana to permit me to propound to him
some interrogatories in relation to this matter.
Mr. GORMAN. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 do not think there
ought to be any fog or doubt about this matter,
and it can all be ascertained, I think, by reference
to the accounts that have been sent in by Colonel
Fremont, or charged against him in the Depart-
ment. I would inquire of the gentleman from In-
diana if he has examined the accounts between
Colonel Fremont and the Department here? If
those accounts have been settled ? If this is a por-
tion of them? Whether it was accounted for by
Fremont and allowed by the Department ? And
what are the facts as they appear at the Depart-
ment in relation to this matter? It seems to me
that that point onght to cover the entire case.
Mr. GORMAN. AH these suggestions that
have been made by the gentleman from Virginia,
by the gentleman from Maine, and by the gentle-
man from Illinois, were whispered into my ear
outside of this Hall. We passed this bill in the
Committeeon Military Affairs upon evidence which
we thought at first satisfactory, and I was ordered
to report it to the House. At the next meeting of
the committee, I suggested that information had
come to my ears which gave me reason to doubt
the correctness of this claim of $19,500, and I
asked the committee myself, as the bill had been
put into my hands to report, that I or some other
member of the committee should investigate the
whole of this question, to see how Colonel Fre-
mont got this money, what he got it for, where
he expended it,and whether he had got any vouch-
ers for it. A doubt was thrown over the whole
transaction by a suggestion made to me by a dis-
tinguished member of this House. I therefore
went to the proper Department to ascertain the
facts of the case. I found that the Board hereto-
fore appointed to adjust the California claims had
passed upon this identical claim of $19,500 and
allowed it. Colonel Fremont had claims to the
amount of upwards of $100,000, but they were all
rejected except about $30,000.
The whole amount of these drafts is $19,500.
I find that upon the ]8th of March, 1847, there
is a draft for $5,000, one for $4,000, one for $6,000,
and one for $4,500, making in all, $19,500. I
found at the Department, that these drafts had
been presented, but had never been paid because
there was no appropriation out of which they could
be paid. Upon examining the papers in relation
to this claim, I found vouchers for the certain
debts, drafts, and requisitions, of which I took a
copy. But I was still not satisfied with the cor-
rectness of these drafts, when some person sug-
gested to me that there were the receipts of Mr.
Reading, the paymaster. Upon examination, I
found the receipts of the paymaster for the follow-
ing sums:
T)rli fts in favor of Huttman.
18th March, 1847 $5,000 00
4,0(10 00
Do.
Do,
6,000 00
(premium).
-$15,000 00
. 4,500 00
$19,500 00
Turned over to Paymaster Reading:
Received 21st March, 1817 $563 8fi
Do. 29lh do  1,925 01
Do. 30th do    oo
Do. 30th do   ;i67 00
Do. 21 ft April  3,308 09
Do. 21st do  5,670 16
Turned over to Quartermaster J. R.
Snyder:
Received 29th March, 1847 $650 00
Do. 29th do   650 00
