1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
Turned over to Comimisiary General
of Subsistence, S. J. Heniley :
Received'29th March, 1847   fSOO 00
Do. 2,1 April   230 00
Do. 17th do   200 00
 #14,133 12
Amount for which no vouchers can be found $866 88
The question arose with me as to the genuine-
ness of the signatures; but I succeeded in finding
an individual who knew the handwriting of both
■ the Paymaster and Commissary of Supplies, and
I required him to certify to that fact, which certifi-
cate I have in my possession.
The above statement is made from vouchers
which were left by Colonel Fremont, which I have
also in my possession. I have certificates from
persons acquainted with the handwriting of these
persons that they are genuine and correct. I re-
quired this fact to be established before 1 would
pass the claim. Every suggestion which has been
made here this morning was made before the com-
mittee; every point which has been raised by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] or the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] or
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuli^p,] was
made to me, and I went tc the Departments, and
• the various persons havi.ig possession of those
vouchers, and ascertained the facts for myself.
It has been asked by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] what Colonel Fremont
wanted with all this money ? Sir, I took a copy
of the requisitions of the paymaster appointed by
the President of the United States. Here is a
copy of the first:
f\o. 1.] Anoei.es, March 21,1847.
Sir : The sum of five hundred and sixty-two dollars and
eighty-six cents is required for the payment of the troops of
Uie California battalion. Very respectfully, your obedient
servant, J. B. READING,
T£562 86] Paymaster California Battalion.
To his Excellency J. C. Fremont, Got. California, Lieut.
Col. Commanding California Battalion.
That is the requisition made upon Colonel Fre-
mont for the money. Now, here is the receipt:
Received, Angeles, March 21st, 1847, the sum of five
hundred and sixty-two dollars and eighty-six cents, on the
above requisition. J. B. READING,
{$56-2 86.J Paymaster California Bat. U. S. Forces.
To this I required that the handwriting of Mr.
Reading should be proved.
The second requisition is in like form, and the
signature is also proved to be genuine. It i3 for
,225 01, and here is the receipt: i
Received on the above requisition the sum of twelve |
hundred and twenty-five dollars and one cent.
£$1,225 01.] J. B. READING, Paymaster.
Angeles, March 27th, 1847.
The others are as follows:
No. 3. Requisition in like form for $550.
Angeles, March 30,1847.
Received on the above requisition the sum of five hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
£$550.] J. B. READING,
Paymaster California Bat. U. S. Forces.
JhTo. 4. Requisition on J. C„ Fremont* Governor, as before,
for $367.
Received, Angeles, March JJOth, 1847, on the above requi-
sition, the sum of three hundred and sixty-seven dollars.
[$387.] J. B. READING,
Paymaster California Bat. U. S. Forces,
JVo. 5. RequUUionQlst rfpril, 1847, as above,for$3,308 09.
Received, Angeles, April 21st, 1847, from Lieutenant
Colonel Fremont, the sum of three thousand three hundred
and eight dollars and nine cents ($3,308 09) on the above
requisition, and for the use of the pay department Califor-
nia battalion U. S. troops.
[$3,308 09.] J. B. READING, Paymaster.
No. 6. Requisition Qltt*&pril, 1847, for$5,670 16.
Received, Angeles, April 21st, 1847, from Lieutenant
Colonel J. C. Fremont, U. S. Army, the sum of five thou-
sand six hundred and seventy dollars and sixteen cents
($5,670 16) on the above requisition, on account of the
pay department California battalion U. S. troops.
{$5,670 16.] 3. B. READING, Paymaster.
I took copies of all these, amounting to within
#866 88 of the $19,500. For this $866 88 I found
no voucher. That is the history of the whole
matter. j
But the question is asked why Colonel Fre-
mont did not get this allowed at the Department ?
Well, sir, all I know in relation to this matter is, I
that when his accounts are settled at the Depart- I
ment, whatever is due him according to the legit- !
imate and proper vouchers which he has on file, !
will be paid him. But his accounts have not been
settled, and those who are familiar with the settle- 1
ment of the accounts of many of these officers j
know that there are more than ten or twenty of j
them to settle.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana one question. Has not one
class of the accounts of Colonel Fremont been
I settled at the Department, and has he not been paid
, $19,000 or thereabouts?
Mr. GORMAN. It is true that a certain class
of accounts have been settled by the Department,
but the question for us to decide is, are those
drafts for which these vouchers that cannot be
questioned, paid by the Department? That is the
question; and I can tell the gentleman they have
not.
Mr. TOOMBS. Why did not the Treasury
Department settle these accounts ? That is one
important matter to know.
Mr. GORMAN. Colonel Fremont went back
to California during the first part of the campaign,
and there are a part of his vouchers which have
been passed upon, and the remainder have not
been passed upon. Now, it is not for me to give
the reason why these drafts have not been settled
j at the Departments. Some one must be charged
I with them, and the Government must show that
j they have paid them, if they have paid them. But
: they do not show it. These amounts of money
are not credited to Colonel Fremont, nor charged
to him; and if they have been paid, the records of
the Department have not been kept with correct-
ness. They do not show that these debts have
ever been liquidated, and that is as far as you can
go. There is no evidence of the,payment of these
: drafts, none whatever. j
j Mr. FULLER. If the gentleman will allow
; me, I wish to send up to theClerk's desk and have
read an extract from the record of the court which I
investigated this case, and under whose decisions
we are now called upon to act. ]
Mr. GORMAN. I have no objection. i
Mr. STUART. I object to the reading of that
paper.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read if objected
to, unless as a portion of the gentleman's speech.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman from Maine
, made a suggestion that those accounts were passed
upon by a board of officers. They were thus 1
passed upon, and these $19,000 were allowed unan-
1 imously. As far as other items were concerned,
making it up to $30,000, the board were, perhaps,
not unanimous; and for the items over $30,000,
they were perhaps unanimous in rejecting.
But why was it necessary for a board of claims
I to examine these accounts? It was because these
| vouchers had not been submitted to the Depart-
ment, and from the fact that this kind of transac-
tions—indeed, the whole transactions in Califor-
nia connected with the army there—were exceed-
ingly loose. They were so from the necessity
of the case. They were there sometimes without
a paymaster, sometimes without a quartermaster,
and sometimes without anybody to give them a
voucher.
Mr. TOOMBS. And some of the time without
any authority at all.
Mr. GORMAN. Yes, and some of the time
without any other authority than their own. Yet
this battalion fought some of the most gallant bat-
tles in California. Upon our whole Pacific border
no battalion behaved with more distinguished
bravery than did that battalion under Colonel Fre-
mont. No battles were ever fought against such
tremendous odds. The battle of Buena Vista
even was not fought against such odds as were
some of the battles fought by this little battalion
under Colonel Fremont. But this brave soldier,
who served his country faithfully and honorably,
is now incarcerated abroad for debts incurred for
the benefit of his Government, the payment of i
which is sought to be denied by mere quibbling.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. BrownI i
raises the question whether these troops were act- !
ing under authority of law. 1 can tell that gentle- j
man that they were in the service of the country 1
by authority of law. After they had received the
information that war had been declared between
the United States and Mexico they were called
promptly by Commodore Stockton into service,
and commanded to take possession of California,
and, actuated by a spirit of patriotism, they gal-
lantly executed the order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman if this regiment was not raised by Colonel
Fremont at a time when we were in a state .of pro-
found peace, before there was any declaration of
war?
Mr. PHELPS made some remarks inaudible to
the reporter.
• ^ o' f-fORMAN. That is not my understand-
ing of his position.
„ ^r-TOOMBS. That is the truth of history.
.Ihis California regiment was gotten up before
there was any declaration of war against Mexico
at all. It was gotten up to aid in this California
rebellion,without any reference to the war between
Mexico and this country.
GORMAN. There may have been some
filibustering there, and there was, very likely, by
this regiment when it was first raised; but the very
moment the news reached that country nf the dec-
laration of war between the United States and
Mexico, Commodore Stockton thought it neces-
sary to take California as soon as possible, and
immediately ordered-Colonel Fremont's regiment
into the service of the Government. They
obeyed the order, and from that time acted under
the orders of the Government, and conformed to
all the rules and articles of war.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I desire to
correct an impression which my friend from Indi-
ana seems to have formed because I made the in-
quiry as to whether these troops were in the ser-
vice of the United States in pursuance of a requi-
sition from the Department. From that inquiry
the gentleman seems to infer that I was in some
way disposed to depreciate their gallantry or the
value of their services. Notat all. 1 made the
inquiry in order that J might base upon it the fur-
ther inquiry as to the reason why they were not
paid by the Department, if they had been called
into service under authority of law. If they were
in the service regularly, they should have been
paid as the other troops were; but if they were
not there regularly, although their services may
have been ever so valuable, it furnishes a reason
why they should not be paid by the Department,
and a very good reason why the claim should be
brought before Congress. It was with that view
I asked the question, and not with any desire to
depreciate the value or the gallantry of their ser-
vices.
Mr. GORMAN. If my friend from Missis-
sippi will allow me, I can make that as clear as
the noonday sun. Up to a very late date, no rolls
have ever been returned of the California troops.
Your law requires that the rolls shall be returned
to the proper Department before the troops are
paid their extra allowance. But as to the Cali-
fornia troops, some of them were so loosely reg-
ulated as scarcely to have any rolls at all. It was
in this respect like the war of 1812, upon our fron-
tiers. The California war was carried on for a
part of the time without rolls. After the war,
they had to gather and patch them up as they
could; and they now have them at the Department.
By law you cannot pay the troops until you have
the rolls upon which to pay them. But you have
paid some of them to a certain extent; and by
whom ? By Paymaster Reading. And how do I
know that ? I know it by his receipts for the
money obtained through Colonel Fremont,upon his
requisitions for the payment of his troops. I have
copies of those requisitions and receipts before
me, and which I have read to the House. If Pay-
master Reading obtained this money, and did not
pay it all out to the troops, that is easily ascer-
tained. If you will go to the Department and
look at Major Reading's account, you will find
him credited with so much money paid to the
California battalion, under Colonel Fremont, and
so much paid to Mr. Snyder, the quartermaster
for transportation, and so much to the Commis-
sary of Subsistence for supplies. You will find
that Major Reading's accounts have been settled,
and that these allowances have been made. You
will find that the quartermaster's accounts have
been settled, and that specific allowances have
been made; and you will also find the same with
regard to the commissary's accounts. Col. Fre-
mont, therefore, when he drew these drafts, acted
in the capacity of civil and military Governor.
He supposed his Government would honor the
drafts. They would have done so, as I am in-
formed at the Department, but for the fact that
there was no appropriation out of which they
could be paid in accordance to law. That, and
that alone, was thereason given by Mr. Buchanan
for the non-payment of these four drafts.
Sir, I say that I have looked into every single
point, and raised every doubt myself, before my
