596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
colleagues on Hie committee, which have been
raised here bv the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
FriiEK,] the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Broun,J ni'd by other gentlemen. 'Ves, sir, 1
say every one of them, anil it was concluded that
we should look into every item, and unless we
found the vouchers we would not recommend the
passage of the bill; and unless we found, too, that
this $19,500 had never been settled in some other
account, we would regard this evidence as proving
a negative.
Mr. FULLER. The gentleman says he has
investigated every objection which I have raised.
I wish to ask him if Colonel Fremont, upon the
presentation of certain vouchers by him, at the
Treasury Department, for moneys disbursed ri
California, was not paid a balance of §10,000 or
thereabout' He drew it in this city. Will the
gentleman answer whether he has investigated
that point1
Mr. GORMAN. I will answer the gentleman,
and to the satisfaction of every man in the House.
Suppose I had an account of £4100,000, and in a
settlement the items were specified, the property
I had purchased was specified, and in the items of
that account there are no amounts for drafts drawn
upon Mr. Buchanan 
Mr. FULLER, (interrupting.) One question
more.
Mr. GORMAN. No; one question at a time.
There is not a single voucher which shows that
one solitary cent of these drafts upon Mr. Buchan-
an has ever been paid. Now, is the gentleman
answered :
Mr. FULLER. I would ask if in his investi-
gations he has found on the Treasury books that
Colonel Fremont has charged himself with this
$19,000 which he received from the negotiation of
those drafts?
Mr. GORMAN. Did any man ever hear such
an interrogation 5 Is not a draft, drawn by an
officer upon the Government, a charge upon the
officer that draws it? Will the gentleman be good
enough to answer me that question 5
Mr. FULLER. I do not know as I understand
the gentleman; but I suppose that if he drew these
drafts, and negotiated them, and obtained the
money, he is accountable for the money thus ob-
tained.
Mr. GORMAN. Notacent of the money ever
came into his possession. The avails went to the
paymaster, for which his receipts have been read
to the House.
Mr. FULLER. I have seen no evidence of
that fact.
Mr. GORMAN. Not a cent; literally, not a
cent was paid into the hands directly of Colonel
Fremont. It went indirectly through his hands,
because he was the responsible agent, by which
the drafts were drawn upon Mr. Buchanan. The
Government holds him responsible for the manner
m which the money is used, and he is charged
with that £19,500, because he drew the drafts, and
he is to show that he disbursed it in the service.
He has shown it, and he is charged with it, and
the Government of the United Suites refused to
pay it, only because they had no appropriation.
If the Government, in the settlement of these ac-
counts, have not paid it, is it not proper that they
should pay it ?
It is asked, why was Colonel Fremont sued in
England ? I will tell you. While he was in Cali-
fornia, and before notice of the negotiation of these
drafts got here, Colonel Fremont and General
Kearny got into a difficulty. Colonel Fremont
came to this country, remained here some time,
and afterwards returned to California. These
drafts were assigned by Huttman to a house in
London. After they were protested for non-pay-
ment, Colonel Fremont was either here, and going
to California, or in California—I cannot say
which—but the drafts were not in California when
he arrived there. These facts 1 had proven by an
officer of the Army who was with him.
I have now answered all the objections that I
know of; and allow me to say that in the settie-
ment of these accounts, another item was thrown
into it, and embarrassed it. It was said that
, Colonel Fremont had got this $19,500, and bought
the Mariposa land with it; and a distinguished
gentleman of this House told me that he had heard
that he had purchased a large amount of cattle
with it, upon which he had made large profits.
Now, the Mariposa land only cost about $5,000,
though it turned out to be exceedingly valuable,
and worth forty or fifty times what he paid for it.
But me d;;!o of that purchase was anterior to this
trapsac. to". A'-! to the n lcged purchase of a large
amount of rattle,and the grand speculation out of
the operation ! how did we act as to that charge?
Did we believe it blindly ' No, sir; we went into
an investigation of it, and what was the result?
We found that he had purchased a certain amount
of cattle for t lie use of the Army, but because he
had not the means of paying for them, he left the
cattle in the possession of the vender, who had
finally to take them back for non-payment. So
that transaction ended in smoke, as does the
charge.
I will say for Colonel Fremont, that when I
went into the investigation of this transaction, I
had some prejudices, which I thought perhaps
might be unfounded, and which I am now satis-
fied were unfounded. The prejudices which had
been impressed upon my mind have been dispelled
by theinvestigation ofalihis conduct in California,
and 1 am prepared to bear testimony, upon this
o _'"asion, to the correctness of his whole line of
conduct as an officer and as a disbursing agent.
Not one dollar can be traced to his hands, noprop-
erty can be traced to his hands, for which he
cannot give to the Government satisfactory vouch-
ers that it has been appropriately and properly
applied.
Mr. STUART. I do not rise for the purpose
of participating in this discussion, but simply to
say for myself, that I think all the information
which can be derived on this subject, has been
had, and to add a remark as to what considera-
tions will control my vote upon this bill. I deem
it my duty, as a member of this House, to do one
of two things—either to adopt the report of a com-
mittee because of the confidence I have in that
committee, when I have heard their report, or else
to reject it upon the ground that I believe the re-
port to*be wrong. Sir, I have not heard any gen-
tleman discuss this question to-day who seems to
le in a condition of a gentleman who has exam-
ined it for himself, and is prepared to overthrow
the report of the committee. The discussion has
been a species of inquiry for the purpose of draw-
ing out remarks on particular points, upon which
certain gentlemen desire to be informed. This sub-
ject, in reference to Colonel Fremont's debts, has
been before the country a great while, and in a va-
riety of shapes. The chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs reports that the committee has
investigated the subject thoroughly. They come
forward and recommend to the House the passage
of this bill. I have heard nothing to shake my
confidence in the report of that committee, and
therefore, for the purpose of bringing the question
to a teat, I demand the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to withdraw his motion, in order that a
part of the report of the board for examining the
claims under contracts made in California, may be
read.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia desires to address the House, or desires to
have the report read, I will do so.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that those who desire
to speak upon the other side will be permitted to
do so. I am satisfiad, from the committee's own
showing, that the other side should be heard.
There are in my mind strong objections against
paying one part of Colonel Fremont's account,
and allowing the balance to remain for future ad-
justment by the Department.
Mr. GORMAN. I would remark to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, that the only reason in the
world for introducing this subjectm the House at
this time, is the fact of the present embarrassment
of Colonel Fremont. The gentleman's objection
would be tangible and proper but for that fact.
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot know that anything
is due Colonel Fremont until I know how the
balance stnr.ds. The committee do not pretend
that they have examined into all of the accounts.
This item may be right, but there may be a bal-
ance against him in the settlement of the accounts,
and it is the height of folly to select one item of an
account and pay it, without giving attention to the
other side of the account.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the Clerk to read a
part of the report of the board appointed to exam-
ine these accounts.
A part of the report was read, as follows:
" Claims against the United States for funds advanced,
subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished or taken
for the use of the volunteers serving under the con inand ol
Captaiu JolmC. Fremont, in California, during the ycai
1846, amounting to $!)78,849 2j, have boon )>i <;&( iitcd foi
the consideration of the board.
"The very limited poweis conferred upon the board by
law, restricted it in the examination of the claims presented,
to simply receiving such explanations and testimony as
might be offered by the claimant.-!, or then agent-*, or as-
signees, and not to seek the -run, from any oiliei than offi-
cial sources, such as the record1* of Ihe Treasury, and other
Departments of Government might furnish.
"The insufficiency of ttie testimony produced; the ii-
le^iilantie-, and conflicting nature of some of the accounts
presented ; the irreconcilable differences of priecs paid foi
similar articles ; tile fact that many articles have been
charged for more than once, and at widely different price#;
the want of proof, or explanation of the necessity or ob
ject of heavy purchases and expenditures; the apparent
and unexplained magnitude of the e\pendituresin compar-
ison with the force actually employed, See., make it proper
to refer the subject to Congress tor such fnrthei legislation
as may be deemed expedient.''
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I propose to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
the following as a substitute:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to ny to John Charles Fremont, nineteen thousand
five hundred dollars, and deduct the same from tile utnouni
that may be found due to said Fremont on a final settle-
ment of his accounts.
I will explain my object in proposing this amend-
ment, in a very few words. Colonel Fremont
has, as we understand, a very large claim against
the Government, amounting to some two or three
hundred thousand dollars. I object to the select-
ing out from these accounts, one or two items of
very doubtful validity, and paying them specifi-
cally, and leaving all the others open to future
legislation, and that, too, upon the ground that he
is in difficulty in London. I think very likely,
that upon a fair settlement of his accounts, you
will be found indebted to him $19,500, possibly a
little more. But upon the same investigation, it
may turn out that this precise $19,500, which you
are now to pay to him, you do not owe him, but
that you do owe him that sum upon some other
account. If, then, you pay this, which you do
not owe, will it stand as any bar against the
$19,000 which you do owe him; and especially if
you do it by this special act of legislation' If
Colonel Fremont only wants $19,500 to relieve his
present embarrassments, why, sir, vote it to
him, and let him come home and settle his ac-
counts at the Departments like others, be credited
^ith this amount, and receive any balance that
may be due him. Make him this advance to re-
lieve his present necessities, but do not pay it on
a specific item without positively knowing that
you owe it. I am not satisfied that this «, 19,500
has been properly applied, but to relieve his em-
barrassment, I repeat, I will vote that sum. I re-
spect his gallantry as highly as my honorable friend
from Indiana. I respect, as much as he does, thegal-
lant services of the men called into the service of
the United States without authority of Jaw. They
rendered services for which they ought to be paid,
and, whether they were called in by any specific
law, any positive regulation according to the strict
letter of the statute, is now of no sort of conse-
quence. My friend says that all the committee
wants, and all Colonel Fremont wants, is that he
shall be relieved from present embarrassments.
Then make the appropriation, charge him with it,
and when he has proved his accounts and demon-
strated that he is entitled to more, deduct the
$19,500, and give him the balance. That is my
opinion of the matter.
Mr. TOOMBS. This question, Mr. Speaker,
in all of its bearings, has been before Congress for
the last five or six years. The claim was origin-
ally for the amount of $600,000 or $700,000. It
passed the other branch of the National Legisla-
ture in 1848, but failed in this. It arose out of
what was called the White Bear revolution.
A Member. The grizzly bear revolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was called the white bear
war, from the flag borne by the revolutionists.
In other words, before war had broken out be-
tween the United States and Mexico, certain Mex-
icans and American residents in California got up
a rebellion against the Mexican Government.
Pending these troubles, Lieutenant Gillespie was
Bent to California by President Polk to communi-
cate with Lieutenant Fremont, who was out there
on an exploring expedition, and who received
orders from the Government, the character of
which hare never bean disclosed. Now, this war
