1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
action here, in this case, decide that this is a debt
of Colonel Fremont, and not a debt of this Govern-
ment, we decide the case that is pending in the
Court of dueen's Bench in England. That is the
true position of the case, and that will be the ef-
fect of the decision of the House upon this bill.
Now, I would ask the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] what motive he could possibly
have in producing a record here to show that third
persons lvad presented claims against the Govern-
ment which the commission had pronounced to be
fraudulent? In what way does that implicate Col-
onel Fremont? Is he bound by their acts? Why,
what was the nature of the certificates which he
gave? He sent out his officers in California to
take mules and other articles. His officers re-
turned with them, and gave certificates to the per-
sons from whom they took them. Those certifi-
cates were afterwards presented to Fremont, and
he certified to the truth of the certificates, without
regard to the value of the articles taken. At the
time the mules were taken in California, they were
worth only twenty or twenty-five dollars, but
■when the claims were presented, mules were worth
one and two hundred dollars. That accounts for
the discrepancies to which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Fdller] has referred.
Looking, then, at this case in every aspect in
which it presents itself, I am satisfied that the claim .
is a just one, and that the Government of the i
United States is in honor bound to protect its own j
citizen when his liberty has been invaded in a for- j
eign country, on account of a debt of the Govern- i
ment, and not of the individual in his personal ;
capacity. I
Mr. PRICE. The House seems to be in a |;
great deal of embarrassment with regard to the j|
origin of these claims which have been presented
as a part of the evidence to justify the demand that
Colonel Fremont makes for the payment of the
drafts which the bill now before the House con-
templates the payment of, and which were aportion
of the necessary expenses incurred in the conquest
of California. I was in that country at the time
those claims originated. I am intimately acquaint-
ed with the manner of their Origin, and I desire to
give a brief history of the circumstances under
which they were created.
In the first place, sir, Colonel Fremont was sent
by this Government on a scientific exploration
and survey of the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] has been pleased to say that "Fremont
was in California without the authority of law,
and against treaty stipulations." It is true that
treaty stipulations prohibited this Government
from sending any military expedition into the ter-
ritory of Mexico; but, I believe I am correct in
saying, that before Colonel Fremont set out upon
that expedition, the United States Government ob-
tained the consent of the General Government of
Mexico for him to go into their territory for the
purpose of survey and exploration. Now, sir, if
I am correct, Colonel Fremont was there by the
consent of the Mexican Government.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the gentleman inform me
where he obtained his authority for that statement?
Mr. PRICE. I state it from general report. I
have never seen the paper; but I so understood it
at the time. I was so informed by Colonel Fre-
mont, if I mistake not. It was the general im-
pression at that time in that country, that Colonel
Fremont had the consent of the General Govern-
ment of Mexico for being there, and was also au-
thorized to be there by his own Government.
Colonel Fremont so informed the Governor of
California at the time.
Sir, I was at Monterey in March, 1846, when a
messenger arrived, informing us that Colonel Fre-
mont was encamped about twenty miles from that
place, in want ofprovisions and other necessaries
for his people. The letter came to our Consul at
Monterey, and he immediately took measures for
the relief of Fremont. But the military governor
of California—General Jose Castro—as soon as
he heard that Colonel Fremont was encamped
twenty miles from that town, immediately notified
him to leave the country instantly. Colonel Fre-
mont replied to that note, through the United
States Consul, saying that his objects in being
there at that time were purely scientific; that he
was there by the consent of the Mexican Govern-
ment; and that he should take his own time in
leaving, as he was waiting for supplies to be fur-
nished him by theUnited States Consul. General
Castro at once drew off all the force at his com-
mand, and marched to the immediate vicinity of
the encampment of Fremont, (who was then a cap-
tain or lieutenant in the Topographical Engineers,) i
with the avowed intention of attacking and driving
him out of the country. Fremont had but very
few men, no camp equipage, and no provisions.
He was, therefore, unable to maintain his posi-
tion, as his anticipated supplies were cut off by
General Castro, who had besieged him with a
large force. He was compelled therefore to break
up his encampmentand proceed to the Sacramento
valley at the north, where a few American citizens
resided. This uncivilized treatment of Fremont,
and insult to our flag, as every American there
at that time regarded it, aroused the indignation of
the Americans in California. Every man of them
at once volunteered his services to sustain Colonel
Fremont, to enable him to force his way where
his researches might require him to go, under the
consentgranted to him by the General Government
of Mexico, and to chastise Castro for his barbar-
ous conduct.
After Fremont left his encampment near Mon-
terey, Castro issued a pronunciamiento, asserting
that Fremont had made a cowardly and hasty flight
on his approach, and had left much of his camp
equipage, which he had captured. This was false.
He persevered in his intention of driving Fremont
out of the country; and also clearly indicated that
he meant to expel every American located in Cali-
fornia. For this purpose, he sent to the military
commandants of the different districts in Califor-
nia, and ordered that all the munitions of war and
horses should be sent to him at Monterey, fearing
that the Americans would seize them. This gave
indications to the Americans which they could
not misunderstand—that they were to be treated
again as they had been a few years previous, when
they were seized in the night time, by a military
force, and carried down to the city of Mexico,
suffering the most cruel treatment. A number of
our citizens have received large indemnities, under
our late treaty of peace with Mexico, awarded by
the commissioners, since the Mexican war, for
injuries perpetrated by the Mexican authorities
in California.
In the year 1846, on the occasion to which I am
now referring, the American citizens, in order to
defend their lives and property from the premedi-
tated assaults of the tyrannical military governor,
took up arms to protect themselves. The first act
they did was to capture a band of horses belong-
ing to the Mexican Government, then under mili-
tary escort, which had been ordered by Castro to
Monterey for the undoubted purpose of prosecu-
ting a war against Americans. Subsequently they
formed a military organization, and raised the
" Bear flag," which has been alluded to by the
honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
and chose for their leader an American named
Ide, who, as commander, issued a proclamation
to the Americans in California, setting forth the
cause of their rising in armsk their grievances and
fears, and inviting them to unite under his flag for
common defense. A part of this force, under
Messrs. Ide, Semple, and Merritt, proceeded to
Sonoma; and although numbering but sixteen in
all, they took that town, seized the military com-
mandant, General Vallejo, and other officers, and
carried them to Sutter's Fort, where they were
held as hostages. Colonel Fremont was then at
that post, and immediately took charge of the
prisoners, having recently returned from Oregon,
where he had received verbal dispatches from the
State Department by Lieutenant Gillespie, a spe-
cial messenger. In my humble judgment, a more
patriotic movement than this was never made by
any American citizens in the dark days of our
Revolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. Where was Fremont's au-
thority to go there and raise a military force?
Mr. PRICE. At this time, the rumors were
constant that war had been declared between this
country and Mexico, although we had not then
the information from any official source. It re-
quired nine or ten months for a letter from the
Atlantic coast to reach the Pacific; and our squad-
ron in that ocean had not then received any com-
munication from the Navy Department in more
than eight months. It was generally believed in
that country that war did exist between Mexico
and the United States.
Under these circumstances, while this war was
going on, Colonel Fremont's forces increased
rapidly, every American putting himself under
his command for protection.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the gentleman say that
this war was carried on under our national flag ?
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir. I say at this time, the
Americans in California joined themselves to Col-
onel Fremont, and rallied around him for protec-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. Was it not under the " Bear"
flag?
Mr. PRICE. No, sir. Colonel Fremont never
acted under any other flag than that of his coun-
try. He never, to my knowledge, organized or
commanded any body of men under any other
flag than that of the United States.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not Colonel Fremont's
statement of it. I have looked to his own state-
ment, and he says that at that time he was under
the " White Bear" flag, and that he carried on his
operations under that flag until the commence-
ment of the war with Mexico; and after that he
fought under the flag of the United States.
Mr. PRICE. Colonel Fremont was never, to
my knowledge, under the " Bear flag." I was in
that country all the time.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well,sir,thatis hisown state-
ment.
Mr. PRICE. Several battles, however, were
fought in California by the Americans, under the
" Bear" flag, and under that flag they achieved
some of their most successful victories. In the
month of June, 1846, Colonel Fremont marched
to the south to meet the military Governor of Cali-
fornia, who had organized all the forces under his
command, and was marching north to meet the
Americans. At Monterey, during that month,
1 we expected to hear of a conflict between the or-
ganized American inhabitants in California and
I the military governor of the country. But, upon
the near approach of the American forces, the
Mexicans gave way and fled towards the South.
In July following, we had still further intima-
tions that war positively existed between this
CQuntry and Mexico; and it was then that the
commander of the United States naval forces in
the Pacific, acting upon that information which he
believed was well founded, decided to take pos-
session of California. Under these circumstances,
upon the 7th day of July, 1846, the American flag
was raised at Monterey, and orders given that it
should be raised in all the towns in the possession
of the Americans.
Another strong reason forthe raising of our flag
in California at that time by our naval commander,
was the belief that it was the intention of the
English admiral on that coast (then within a few
days' sail of Monterey, one of the British ships be-
ing in the adjacent port of Santa Barbara) to take
I possession of the whole country in the name of
the Crown of England. An arrangement had act-
ually been made with a British agent by the
Mexican authorities in California, forthegrant of
a large tract of land in that country, and its colo-
nization by twenty thousand English subjects in
the following year. Subsequent events abundantly
prove that the British admiral intended to raise
the English flag in California, for the security of
the debt of England against Mexico. He came
into Monterey in a line-of-battle ship, with this
object in view, only a few days after the American
flag had been raised at that port. At the very mo-
ment of the entrance of the English man-of-war
into the harbor of Monterey, the American ships
were prepared for action, under the firm conviction
! that the English had come there to take possession
of the country, and to prevent us from doing so.
The British admiral undoubtedly had orders to
prevent the Americans from getting a foothold in
1 California at any time.
About the 16th of July, Colonel Fremont en-
tered the town of Monterey by order of the com-
manding naval officer, with about two hundred
men, including his exploring force. Commodore
Stockton then ordered Fremont to increase his
forces to as large a number as possible, and pro-
ceed in the sloop-of-war Cyane to San Diego, to
take and garrison that place. Commodore Stock-
ton subsequently took the capital of California,
Los Angeles, where he was joined by Colonel Fre-
mont. Under this order of Stockton, some of the
. expenditures which have here been enumerated
were incurred.
