1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
with men who prosecuted him for #20,000. That
is the inference to be drawn from the gentleman's
remarks; and it is this feature of the case which
has more effect, in my judgment, to prejudice the
case and Colonel Fremont than any other. We
have drawn from the energy and courage and
talents of Colonel Fremont, into the treasury of
the national fame of this country, too much to 1
break him down now by innuendo. Now, 1 acquit
the honorable gentleman of any intention to do it.
I know that he would not do it, especially in his ,
absence, if he did it at all. I know he is too gal-
lant a man to do it, when there are three thousand
miles of ocean between him and Colonel Fremont.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would notdo it, for another
reason. I do not know it to be true; but I say,
if you pay this one, other claims might arise where
the parties would go over to Europe, and it would
be a convenient way of perpetrating frauds upon
the Government. I will make no such charge.
That is the only reason which will control me.
Mr. CARTTER. I am happy the gentleman
from Georgia should cut off the possibility ofany-
body drawing the inference from his remarks,
that he intended any imputation involving the
character of Colonel Fremont. 1 know he did not
intend that his remarks should imply an imputa-
tion ; but still the reader of his remarks, who might
take them up, ignorant of the character of both gen-
tlemen, would be led to the inference that Colonel
Fremont had played the part of cozen with his
prosecutors, for the purpose of defrauding the Fed-
eral Treasury. With such a charge as that made
asrainst Colonel Fremont, or any public officer who
had rendered a tithe of his services to the nation's
character, I would vote him $20,000, if every dol-
lar was thrown away. Great Britain should not be
permitted to adjudge American character under
such a charge, after having incarcerated one of
America's most gallant sons in her dungeon, un-
der a capias system. It is true that he stands liable
to confinement for this debt. What are we going
to do? One gentleman says, refer this matter to
the Departments. Why ? Because you suspect the
^ integrity of his account? "You can assign no other
reason for it. The Board constituted to ascertain
the liability, report that it is due to him. The
Senate sanctioned the claim. It comes here, and
you say no. No, although this finding is prima
facie evidence, yet we will be permitted to go be-
hind it, and throw over the reputation of a gallant
soldier the reflection of distrust. My friend from
Georgia treats this case as a matter of little im-
portance; but to my mind, it is a matter of very
grave consideration when the character of a man
who has done as good publie service as Colonel
Fremont, is thrown into the scale. I apprehend
that if a debt less than half of this weighed upon 1
my honorable friend from Georgia, he would j
shrink from it,and appreciate it. Well, now, there
are not very good counting-rooms on the summit
of the Rocky Mountains. There are not very
good counting-rooms in its gorges. The formu-
las, at least, of business must be dispensed with
there. The very reason why Colonel Fremont
was compelled to draw these drafts, was, that he
was wailed out from all intercourse with the Gov-
ernment; that between him and his Government
lay mountain ridges and gorges, and snow and
ram and starvation, and upon the Pacific shore
lay the enemies of his country whom his gallant
spirit subdued. And here we are, in such a case,
caviling about the irregularities of an account for
some mules. [A laugh.] [
Now, sir, I have said about all that I desire to
say. I was in hopes this House would not head-
long disgrace and dishonor this man, by quibbling
over an account of his, which has passed all the
ordeals to which it has been submitted, when he is
not within reach of explanation. Personally, I j
know Colonel Fremont but very slightly. I have j
had the honor of an introduction to him. He is
a small man, but he is as gallant as any mass of
stuff of the same size that ever was wrapped up in ,
a coat that would fit him. [Great laughter.] And,!
sir, he met a combination of enemies, such as very J
few of the public servants of this Republic have ,
ever met—-both enemies that man presents and
enemies that God presents—mountain enemies,
ravine enemies, enemies of frost and of heat and
of fasting. Now, I do not think that a man who
has marched for a week, feeding on green hides
and on the skeletons of worn-out and diseased
mules, would go across the Atlantic to cheat his
Government out of twenty or fifty thousand dol-
lars. My own opinion is, that when a man had
garnered up a reputation, by deeds of almost un-
paralleled peril, he would want to transmit it un-
defiled to his posterity, and that twenty thousand
dollars would have no more influence upon him
than twenty cents. That is my appreciation of
such service as Fremont's. It is not like sitting
cross-legged up here in one of these bureaus.
[Laughter.] There was no " soup" about it. He
was not afraid of " a fire in the rear." [Renewed
laughter.] It was enough for him to know that
that part of this continent belonged to the United
States; that they put upon him the peril of explor-
; ing it; that he was desired by his Government to
1 make the way open to the thousands and thou-
1 sands who were to follow it to fortune, and to de-
fine a State that in magic time would become an
empire. Sir, you might as well undertake to sepa-
rate Fremont'ssoul from his body by your action
here, he being three thousand miles distant, as to
separate Fremont's fame from the fame of the
Pacific side of this Republic. Talk about little
questions of adjustment of accounts, when you
have a claim of this kind before you, and under
these circumstances! Can you reject this claim
without rejecting the integrity of Colonel Fre-
mont? Can you reject this claim without a direct
impeachment upon him ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the gentleman if he
knows that the Commission have rejected $75,000
that Fremont certified ?
Mr. CARTTER. I know that the same Com-
mission have admitted this. I heard my honor-
able friend from Georgia make use of an argument
l that is very frequently used before twelve men of
a low order of intellect in a court of justice. He
says that in connection with this subject we have
a right to accept what we believe, and reject the
I balance from the same authority. I deny the
: proposition, both as a legal and metaphysical prop-
i osition. [Laughter.] There is not any truth in
it. Why, mark the point! The proposition is
that you have a right, a metaphysical right, to
draw a knife through the evidence produced in a
given cause, and swallow half and reject the
balance. [Much laughter.] Now, there is neither
law nor logic in that. The true rule of evidence,
to which the gentleman refers, is, that if you have
] no other evidence save the confession—save the
declaration—save the finding—then you are bound
I by the finding. Where you have other evidence
; that may be brought into question and weighed
i with it, you may make your outside evidence
overrule or confirm. But it is a metaphysical ab-
! surdity to reject a part of the sole product of a
j given cause, and admit the balance. Now, sir, I
I hope that will not be done. I hope we will decide
this question upon the evidences that have been
fairly furnished; not in a caviling spirit, but with
a view to the honor of the nation, and the nation's
j honorable men;—not men of title, not men of
j place, but the men who served the Republic in its
I perilous places and in its hours of peril. You
1 have such a case in Fremont, and it is a glorious
; pride to me to be able to announce it here in vin-
dication of him from what would appear to be,
although undesigned, an insidious attack upon his
reputation.
j I am under obligations to the House for lis ten-
| ing to what I have said, and I am under a further
obligation to call the previous question, which I
nowjio.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. WfLDRrCK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
the following bills; which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker, viz:
An act granting the right of way to the St.
Louis and Iron Mountain Railroad Company, and
for other purposes;
An act io provide for the payment of the com-
panies of Captains Bush, Price, and Suarez, for
military services in Florida;
An act to change the name of the steamboat
Forest City;
An act for the relief of Captain George P.
Smith; and
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to create
the office of surveyor general of the public lands
in Oregon, to provide for surveys, and to make
donations to the settlers on said public lands," ap-
proved September 27, 1850. •
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY,
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I rise to make a privileged
motion. I move that when this House adjourns
it adjourn to meet at the usual hour on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
COLONEL FREMONT.
The question now being upon the motion to
refer the bill for the relief of Colonel Fremont to a
Committee of the Whole House, it was put, and
the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment to
the substitute.
The substitute offered by Mr. Brown, of Mis-
sissippi, and the amendment thereto, submitted by
Mr. Orr, were then reported to the House.
The substitute for the bill is as follows:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to pay John Charles Fremont $19,500, and deduct the
same from the amount that may be found due said Fremont
on the final settlement ofhis accounts.''
The following is Mr. Orr's amendment:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued so as to require the Secretary of War to recognise
the validity of the claim of said Fremont, upon which ac-
tions are pending, or judgments may have been obtained in
favor of Anthony Gibbs & Son, assignees of Huttman, m
the courts of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain."
The question now being upon agreeing to the
amendment to the substitute—
Mr. ROBIE demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
The question was then put; and on a division,
there were—ayes 69, noes 62.
So the amendment to the substitute was adopted.
Mr. POLK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to in-
quire of the Chair, what is the question upon
which we are to vote?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the adoption of
the amendment of the gentleman from Mississip-
pi, [Mr. Brown,] as amended by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
The question was then put, and upon a divis-
ion, 89 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I demand the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House was again divided, and there were—
ayes 88, noes 49.
So the amendment as amended was adopted as
a substitute for the bill.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and having been
engrossed, it was read a third time,and passed.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, by which the bill passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The House thereupon adjourned until Monday
at twelve o'clock, m.
PUI'ITIONS, Sic.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BURROWS : The petition of John Porter and
others, citizens of Ynungatown, New York, asking for an
appropriation of public land to aid in the construction of a
ship canal around the Falls of Niagara, in the State of New
York.
By Mr. ROSS : The petition ofSolomon Fogel and others,
for a post route from Norristown, Pennsylvania, to Fogela-
ville, in Lehigh county, by the way of Fairview, Perkio-
men Bridge, Hereford. Zionsville, and Trexlertown.
By Mr. GOODRICH : The petition of Robert Nesbit,for
an allowance under a contract to deliver a quantity of hay
at Santa "F4, New Mexico.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of Lewis Rouse, of Green
Bay, praying for a confirmation of his title to the rear of
lots 10 and 11 in the Green Bay Settlement.
By Mr. BRAGG : The petition of William C. White, of
Monroe county. Alabama, asking to be allowed to enter a
tract offand purchased from a Creek Indian.
By Mr. SfBLEY : The memorial of 18*2 citizens of Pem-
bina county, in the Territory of Minnesota, praying Con-
gress to establish a military post at St. Joseph, for the pro-
tection of the inhabitants against attacks of the Sioux
Indians, and to prevent the frequent incursions ot the
hunters of the Hudson's Bay Company into our territory, in
defiance of existing laws; also praying for the negotiation
