1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
March, 1849, and lo the several States by the act entitled )
<4 An act to enable the State of Arkansas and other States
to reclaim the ' swamp land*' within their limits," approved
2£th September, 1850, have been sold by the United States,
or located with bounty land warrants, or other certificates .
or scrip, or for railroads, internal improvements, etc.: and
whereas, the States referred to are willing that most of the
*sa!es, locations, and selections thus made should be con-
firmed, provided that the proceeds received by the United
States thereof should be transferred to the Slates respect-
ively entitled theieto: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate an* House of Representatives
•of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That upon application by the Governor of either of the
States aforesaid, or such officer as may by law be desig-
nated for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful to puy
over to such State the purchase money received by the Uni-
ted SMes for any lands granted to such State by the act
aforesaid; and for said State to select other lands> in lieu
of any lands granted as aforesaid, which have been [sold
and] located with bounty land warrants, or other certificates
or scrip, or selected for railroads, or otheruiternal improve-
ments : Provided, Aotrercr, That belpre any such p<eyments
or locations shall be made, the Governor of said State, or
such person as may be duly authorized for that purpose,
shall file in the General Land Office a relinquishment to the
United States of all the right, title, and interest of such
Stale in and to the lands specifically designated therein;
the whole to be done according to such rules, regulations,
■and forms as maybe prescribed by the General Land Of-
fice for that purpose; and all patents which have been, or
may hereafter be issued by the United States for any of the
lands embraced by the swampland grants aforesaid, which
liave thus been relinquished by the States respectively, and
which are in other respects fair and regular, shall be, and
the same are hereby, declared to be valid and binding in
law and equity.
Mr. HALL. I can explain, in a few words,
the nature of the amendments. The bill provides
that where the lands granted to the several States
by the various acts of Congress, in reference to
swamp land, have been sold by the United States,
or located with bounty land warrants, orother cer-
tificates or scrip, or for railroads, internal improve-
ments, &c., the purchase money, where sold for
cash, received by the Government, shall, upon the
requisition of the Governor of the several States
having such swamp lands, be paid over to such
States.
Mr. VENABLE. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman one question. Does the Committee on
Public Lands propose that the States shall, instead
of getting the money which has been received by
the United States for the lands sold, receive other
lands in lieu thereof, and also that they should re-
ceive other land, acre for acre, for those which
have been located by land warrants, &c. ?
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire
further;of the gentleman from Missouri, whether
those lands thus sold and located were under water
at the time the parties took them, and whether
they really were swamp lands, and whether he
asks that lands of like character shall be granted
in lieu of them?
Mr. HALL. I can only answer the gentleman
in this way: They were lands which the Depart-
ment decided belonged, under the law, to the
States. Whither they were covered by water or
not I am not able to say. But' the Department
decided that they were swamp lands.
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman from
Missouri answer me this question: Did these sales,
to which he alludes, take place before or after the
passage of the act of 1850 ?
Mr. HALL. Since the passage of that act.
By the act of 1850, the Government of the United
States granted to certainofthe Statesof this Union
the swamp lands within their limits. After the
passage of that act, and after the Department de-
termined that these lands vested in the States, the
Government of the United States sold some of
them to individuals, and others were selected and
located by persons having military land warrants.
Here, then, arises a conflict between the States
under the act of 1850, and individuals claiming as
purchasers from the Government, they having
located their land warrants upon the lands.
The Department determines that the State title
is the better title, that these lands vested in the j
States by the act of 1850, and consequently that j
all purchases since that time, and all locations of
warrants upon them since the same period, are
null and void. The individuals, however, who
have purchased them, or located them by their
warrants, have, in certain cases, put improve-
ments upon the lands. In order, then, to secure the
purchaser under the United States, who otherwise
will be ousted by the States, this bill provides that
the States upon confirming the titles to the pur-
chasers under the United States, and to those who
lacated their land warrants, hiay be permitted to
locate an equal amount of land subject to private
entry within the limits of the several States.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Missouri, if this bill makes it
the duty of this Government to perfect the title to
the party who has entered the land in the Gov-
ernment land office, or if it does not leave it to the
option of the State to do or not to do it ?
Mr. HALL. The Department decides that
these lands belong to the States. Of course no
act of Congress can take the land away from lhe
State without its consent. The bill however, pro-
vides that where the State gives its consent, then
the title may be perfected to the purchaser under
the Government, and the State may be permitted,
in lieu thereof, to select other lands of similar
quality within its own limits. I move to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I would ask the gen-
tleman, how it happened, that when Congress had
granted these swamp lands to the States,and when
the Department had decided that they belonged to
the States, the Government went on subsequently
and granted the same lands to individuals? What
means had the Department of knowing, under the
act, what lands vested in the State, and what did
not vest?
Mr. HALL. I state to the gentleman, in an-
swer, that the act itself requires these lands to be
located, and, as a matter of course, the Department
could not tell what lands belonged to the State,
and what not, until they were selected under the
terms of the act. As soon as they were selected
the Department had the requisite information.
Mr. FULLER. Does not the act by its terms
prescribe that they should be such lands as were
returned to the land office as swamp lands ?
Mr. HALL. The act does not confine itself to
those lands. If it did, there would be no difficulty.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think I can
explain this matter pretty well, as I was concerned
in this swamp land matter; and, according to the
. declaration of some friends, lost considerable rep-
i utation upon it. The swfcmp lands were granted
: to, and by the terms of the act they vested in, the
States from the moment of the passage of the act.
] That was in 1850.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is mistaken in
the statement that the land vested in the States
from the passage of the act. The act itself pro-
vides otherwise.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, that is a question; and
I would not place my judgment against that of the
gentleman from Georgia. He maybe rightabout
it, and possibly I may be myself. I will only say
that it has been decided by the Departments of
this Government, that the grant took effect from
the passage of the act and its signature by the
President.
That, then, vested in the States certain lands
which are described in the bill. Those lands, it
is true, were not selected; and the consequence
was that they still remained subject to entry in
the United States land offices. The citizens of
the several States went on and entered whatever
lands were subject to entry, according to the books
i n the land offices, and among others entered por-
, tions of these lands described as swamp lands,
' and already granted to the several States. Now,
| the object of this bill is to enable these States, by
j their Legislatures, where the Government of th«
' United States has received pay for those swamp
| lands, to allow the Government to retain the pay,
and the States to locate somewhere else, in lieu of
those so sold and located by land warrants, other
lands, which, the presumption is, are not as good
as those originally granted to the States. It isim-
i portant to this body, if they wish to legislate well,
j for the purpose not only of preserving in theTreas-
i ury of the United States the money already there,
but for the purpose of quieting title, that the State
i Legislatures should do that.
! Then, sir, in addition, if this is not done, what
are we to do? You will be compelled, in every
instance where the land offices have permitted
these lands, which had already been granted to
the States, to be entered, to cancel the entry, and
to pay back to 'the men who have made entries of
lands, the gold and silver received from them by
the United States, and thus it passes out of the
Treasury of the United States. This is the plain
and sensible operation of the matter, and it is not
only just to the Treasury of the United States,
but it is benevolent to the interests of the people of
the United States that the provisions of the bill
should be adopted.
Mr. BRENTON. Will the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] yield to me a moment?
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a point of order.
It is not in order for the gentleman from Missouri
to transfer the floor from one person to another.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
competent for the gentleman to yield to another
for explanation, but not for the purpose of making
a speech.
Mr. BRENTON. I rise for the purpose of ex-
planation. There have been several inquiries in
relation to the operation of the act granting swamp
lands to the States in which they lie. It is asked
why the Government permitted these lands to be
sold? In reply to that, I would answer, that un-
der the act of September 28, 1850, the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, on the 21st of
November, 1850, issued his circular of instructions
to the registers and receivers of the different land
offices, in reference to their mode of procedure in
selecting the lands granted to the States. He de-
cided, at the same time, that the title of the lands
vested in the States from the time of the passage
of the act. I have before me a copy of the first
circular issued under these acts. Under the in-
structions thus given to the officers, in the month
of November, they immediately commenced, in
the different States, to make the selection of these
swamp lands according to the terms of the law;
but, at the same time, the officers, not knowing
what lands were swamp and what were dry lands,
continued the sales of land at their offices up to
the time of the completion of the selection. Then
the sales were suspended upon lands of that char-
acter. The sales made to individuals, of these
lands which were so selected as swamp lands, are
now declared to be illegal; and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office has sent out instruc-
tions to the registers and receivers, requiring the
purchaser, within sixty days from the receipt of
the notice, to show cause why the sale shall not
be canceled; and if sufficient cause is not shown,
then an application must be made, on the part of
the purchaser, for the refunding of the money.
So the money will go out of the Treasury of the
United States.
The question is simply this: whether we shall
permit the Land Office to be at the expense and
trouble, upon individual application, of refunding
the moneys which have thus been paid in, or
whether we shall confirm the title of the purchaser,
and pay over the money to the State. That is
the question, and the only question.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not intend to occupy much
of the time of the House in the discussion of this
question, but I desire to have an extract from the
last report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office in reference to this grant read, and
then to make a remark or two in explanation of
the merits of the bill.
The report was then read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
" Much difficulty has also been experienced because of
the numerous conflicts that have grown out of this grant.
The suspension of the sale and disposal of all the public
domain was not contemplated by these laws, and could not
be made unless specially directed by Congress ; and hence
numerous entries and locations have been made of lauds
claimed by the States under these laws. The grant took
effect from the dates of the acts making it; and. therefore,
in numerous cases conflicts of title arise, which have to be
adjudicated by the Department. To relieve this difficulty
as far as practicable, I Suggest that where such lands have
been purchased, authority be granted for paying over the
purchase money to the State, on a relinquishment by the
Governor, or other officer appointed by him for that pur-
pose, of ail lhe right of the State in and to such lands; and
where those lands were located by warrants or scrip, to au-
thorize the State to locate a like amount elsewhere, upon a
similar relinquishment.
" Exclusive of this difficulty, however, the labor in ad-
justing these grants is very great, as all the lists returned
have to be carefully compared with the tract-books; all se-
lections, where the land was disposed of previous to the
passage of the laws annulled, and those since suspended ;
all the selections are then posted, lists of them are prepared
and sentto the land officers, and also to the Governors, with
diagrams exhibiting the lands embraced by the lists; and,
on the request of the Governor, the patents are then issued.
As all this work must be done m connection with the cur-
rent business of the office, and hut few can be employed
on it, the progress must necessarily be slow."
[Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
S. No. 421. An act for the relief of John Wil-
liams;
I S. No. 316. An act for the benefit of the town
