612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
of Belleview, and the cities of Burlington and
Dubuque, in the State of Iowa; and
H. R. No. 361. An act for the relief of John
Millar.]
Mr. CHASTAIN. I desire to ascertain, Mr.
Speaker, from the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, [Mr. Hall,J whether these entries
were made before or since the grant to the States ?
Mr. HALL. Since the act granting the land
lo the States passed.
Mr. CHASTAIN. In connection, I would like
to know how the officer who has the charge of
.the public lands is to ascertain what are and what
are not swamp lands.'
Mr. HALL. He ascertains it from affidavits
of persons, according to the regulations of the
Departments, who swear to the character of the
lands, and which are reported to the Department.
Mr. CHASTAIN. How is it that these lands
have been entered since the passage of the act ?
Mr. HALL. These entries were made before
the selection by the States. It takes some time to
make these selections, and hence the Department
has no information until the selections are made
of the lands falling under the description of swamp
lands.
Mr. CHASTAIN. One other inquiry and I
shall have done. Are there in the new States
any other than swamp lands subject to entry r Or,
in other words, does not the grant of the swamp
lands cover all the public lands in the new States?
Mr. HALL. If the gentleman had looked into
the bill he would see by its terms what it grants.
Of course neither the Committee on Public Lands
or myself are responsible for the decision of the
Department. If the Department has decided lands
are swamp lands which are not, in the mean-
ing of that act, they have decided wrong. I do
not believe that they have decided improperly; I
will tell the gentleman, however, that nine tenths
of the lands in the new States, with the exception
of that of Louisiana, are not swamp lands.
Mr. MEADE. There is in that bill a provision
to which I call the attention of the gentleman from
Indiana. Now, sir, I perceive that some of these
swamp lands are owned by the States under two
distinct titles: one by the act of 1850, and the other
by the special act granting land to States for rail-
road purposes. I find that the bill provides that
any of the lands which have been granted to the
States, and appropriated for railroad purposes, shall
be substituted for other lands according to its pro-
visions; so that the States are not only a gainer
with regard to the swamp lands by the substitu-
tion of others,but they obtain, through the means
of the bill, lands which are not swamp lands, and
which the State derives title to through two dis-
tinct laws. That bill provides, if I understand it
correctly, that wherever bounty land warrants
have been located on swamp lands, or wherever
entries have been, and the money paid into the
Treasury, or wherever, by special acts, any
swamp lands are donated to States for railroad
purposes, other lands are to be substituted for
them; so that the States claim, by virtue of these
laws, a portion of these swamp lands by two dis- '
tinct titles. And this bill is made to grant, in lieu
of swamp lands donated to States for railroad pur-
poses, other lands. Now, it was not certainly the
intention of the act of 1850 that, while the swamp
lands were granted to the States, these lands there-
tofore or subsequently granted for railroad pur-
as should be substituted by other and distinct
«.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not so.
Mr. MEADE. I should then like to have the
bill read, that the House may judge for itself.
Mr. DAVIS. There is not a foot of land
granted by the terms of this bill -in addition to
what was granted by the swamp iand act. The
State of Indiana does not, nor do any of the new
or Iand States, acquire title by this bill to a single
acre or a single section of land. Such is not its
object; nor can such construction be given to it.
Now, in regard to railroads, it provides simply,
that where lands have been granted for the con-
struction of railroads, and have subsequently been
selected by the States as swamp lands, a like num- ,
ber of acres may be located for the benefit of such
roads, thereby placing these roads on the same
footing with individuals. In my State, no lands
have ever been granted for constructing railroads.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. Is it not true that, by the express pro-
vision of the swamp land act, the title was not
vested in the State until the patent issued?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will read the second section of the act. It is
in these words:
" Sec. 2. Jlntl be it further enacted, That it shall be
the duly of the Secretary of the Interior, as soon as may
be practicable after the pa^sa<re of tliis act, to make out an
accurate list and plats of the lands described as aforesaid,
and transmit the same to the Governor of the State of
Arkansas, and, at the request of said Governor, cause a
patent to be issued to the State therefor; and on that patent,
the fee-simple to said land* shall vest in the said State of '
Arkansas, subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof:
Provided, however, That the proceeds of said lands, wheth-
er from sale or by direct appropriation in kind, shall be ap-
plied exclusively, as far as necessary, to the purpose of [
reclaiming said lands by means of the levees and drairis |
aforesaid." j
So the whole foundation is wrong. '
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman now read the
first section. |
Mr. TOOMBS. I will. It is as follows: j
" Be it enacted bv the Senate and House of Represent- j
atives of the United States of America in Congress assein- I
bled, That to enable the State of Arkansas to construct the ,
necessary leveps and drams to reclaim the swamp and over- „
flowed lands therein, the whole of those swamp and over- '
flowed lands, made unfit thereby for cultivation, which ;
shall remain unsold at the passage of this act, shall be, and i
the same are hereby, granted to said State." |
The subsequent section says, that the title shall !
vest on the issuance of a patent. If a decision
has been made otherwise by the Department, it
has been wrongfully made.
Mr. DAVIS. The first section of the act vests
the title to the lands in the States from the date
of its passage and approval. This is my opinion,
and I am glad to know I am not alone in this
opinion. 1 hold in my hand acopy of the opinion
of the Secretary of the Interior, upon which the
Government has acted hitherto, and which settles
the question beyond cavil; which was read by the
Clerk as follows:
Department or the Interior, >
Washington, December 2.'*, 1851. > j
Sir: / have carefully reviewed my affirmance of your ,
decision in regard to the proper construction of the acts of i
•2d of March, 1849, and 28th of September, 1850, granting I
to the several States of the Union the swamp and over- I
flowed public lands within their respective limits, and am
satisfied that the decision heretofore made was erroneous.
The first question involved in the case, is as to ihe period
when the grants take effect, whether it be the date of the
law, or the date of the approval of the selections by the
Secretary of the Interior, or the issuing of the patent to
the State ? The language of the first section of the act of
March 3d, 1849, is as follows, viz: "That to aid the State
f of Louisiana in constructing the necessary levees and
< drains to reclaim the swamp- and overflowed lands which
« may be or are found unfit for cultivation, shall be, and the
< same are hereby, granted to that Stateand the first sec-
tion of the act of 28th September, 1850, is, in language, al-
most identical. The act of 1849, in regard to the State of ,
Louisiana, declares that the fee-simple in said lands shall i
vest in the State upon the approval of the selections by the
Secretary ; and the general law of September, 1850, enacts
that the fee shall vest in the Slate upon the issuing of a pat-
ent. In each case the granting clause is in the first sec-
tion, and the words employed, viz: " are hereby granted,"
seem to me to import a grant in presenti. They confer the
right to the land, though other proceedings are necessary
to perfect the title. When the selections are made and ap-
proved, or the patent issued, the title thereby becomes per-
fect, and has relation back to the date of the grant.
The second question is, whether it la proper and compe- ■
tent to approve or patent portions of the lands selected, as
they may from time tn time be reported, or whether the j
whole of the lands to which a State may be entitled must I
first be designated?
I do not conceive that, because the language ef the law I
respecting the lists of the lands and the patents to the Stales >
is in the singular, it is inconsistent with the law to approve '
or patent li*u of the lands as they may from time to time )
be submitted for that purpose ; and looking to the conve-
nience and important interests of the States, which might
be seriously injured by any other course, I think this ought ,
to be done.
To these points my attention has recently been called by :
the Governor of Louisiana, but they present questions in-
volving the interests of all the States affected by the grants. !
The Governor of Alabama has also addressed the Depart-
ment on another point, which has reference to the mode of
executing the law of September, 1850, and which presents i
the question whether the provisions of the acts of 2d March, |
1849, and 28th September, 1850, are to be construed in pari j
materia, thereby requiring that the selections shall be made ,
by the rttates, a* was the case with the Louisiana grant, I
and not by the General Government. This question F de- !
cide in the negative. The act of 2d March, 1849, had ref- i
erence to Louisiana alone, and required that the selections 1
should be made under the direction of the surveyor general, |
at the expense of the State of Louisiana entirely, and after '
the Governor of that State should have informed the Sec-
retary of the Treasury that the necessary preparations to I
defray those expenses had been made by the State. TJie
provision in the act of September, 1850, is entirely differ
ent, for it makes it the duty of the Secretary of the Interior '
to make outllste and plats of the lands thereby granted, and 1
to transmit the same to thfe Governors of the States, and i
when so requested by them, to cause patents to be issued
to the States for said lands. Jt follows, therefore, that while
the selections in Lom>iana are to be made under the dnec-
tion of the surveyor general, at the expense of the State,
those in Arkansas and ihe other States are to be made by
the Secretary of the Interior, at the expense of the United
States.
As the grants are regarded as taking effect from the dates
of the laws making them, respectively, and as vesting the
inchoate title in the States, it follows, that any subsequent
sale or location of snampor overflowed lands must be held
to be illegal, and the purchase money refunded or a change
of location ordered. Subsequent entries, however, which
have been made by preemption, in virtue of settlements
made prior tf> the grants, will be valid, because, in those-
cases the right of preemption attached from the date of
settlement, and became a vested right, which can be divest-
ed only by abandonment, or a failure in the perlormance of
its conditions.
I have to request that you will communicate copies of
this decision to the Governors of Louisiana and Alabama
(whose letters are herewith referred to you) as soon as pos-
sible, and that you will modify your instructions and con-
form your action to the views herein expressed.
I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALEX. H. H STUART, Secretary.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office.
I think that ought fully to satisfy the gentle-
man from Georgia that the title to these lands
veated in the States in which they lie from the
date of the act making the grant. Not only so,
the Secretary goes on to say, that 44 any subse-
quent sale or location of swamp or overflowed
' lands must be held to be illegal, and thepurchase
' money refunded, or a change of location or-
idered." This is all which is sought by this bill.
In connection with the argument I will read
the following letter from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office:
General Land Office, December 16,1852-
********
This bill embodies the recommendations on the smbject
contained in the last annua) report from this office. The
facts set forth in the preamble are fully corroborated by
record evidence in this office. Believing that this bill, or
one similar in its provisions, should become a law, for the
purpose of properly adjusting the swamp land grants of
2Hth September, 1850, and 2d March, 1849, f respectfully
recommend the passage of it.
With great respect, yonr obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON, Commissioner-
Hon. John G. Davis, House of Representatives.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I rise to make
a request of the gentleman from Indiana, and the
friends of this measure, which is likely to occupy
the whole day, to the detriment of other business.
If the gentleman will allow it to be passed over
until to-morrow, it will then come up in the morn-
ing hour, after the seigniorage bill has been dis-
posed of, being as it is, a report from one of the
committees.
Mr. TOOMBS. I trust that the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained. 1 voted for the bill
originally, and I desire to make an explanation
of it.
Mr. BROWN. If the Speaker will not decide,
I will not press the question.
Mr. DAVIS. If I yield the floor and allow
this bill to be passed over, will it come up to-mor-
row in the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It would be unfinished busi-
ness belonging to the morning hour. There are
two other bills—the seigniorage bill and the bill
in regard to reciprocity.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I inquire of the Chair if this bill
coming up under a suspension of the rules on
Monday, would not come up in the morning hour
on next Monday.
The SPEAKER. It is the unfinished business
of the morning hour, in the opinion of the Chair.
The rules having been suspended for its introduc-
tion—the bill will be subject to the same rules of
the House in regard to it as in other bills.
Mr. DAVIS. I had better finish my remarks
now. I will occupy but a few minutes only, and
then the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
can take the floor.
This question is a very simple one. This bill,
as I remarked a while ago, does not grant to the
States a single foot of land in addition to what the
"swamp land" act gives them. The Govern-
ment, instead of suspending the sales of land,
went on and sold to innocent persons before the
selections could be made under this act, a large
quantity of lands which have since been selected
as swamp lands, and as such have been or will
be patented to the States; and the soleobject of the
bill under consideration is to arrange and settle
this difficulty with the States, instead of with each
individual purchaser, and nothing more. The
