614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
for cultivation, "s.tid swamp lands shallbe granted j
to the d'tlerent Swtes; tor the same provision was |
made with regard to the other land States. But
how, when, at uli.it time the title shall vest is
clearly, distinctly, and unequivocally stated in the
second section. Here is the second section;
'•.hid V if / irfAei emu(c.i, That it shall ho the duty of
Ihe Seoroun ot'tln' Interior, us soon as may Ik) practicable
after the ot'this not, to make out an accurate h>t
and plats of the Unci-* described as aforesaid, and tinnsmit
the  <ime to the Governor of the Slate ot Arkansas, and, at
the request ot said Uoxemor, cause a patent to be issued to
Ihe State therefor; and on that patent, the fee simple to ,
said lands shall vest in the *aid State of Arkansas, -subject
to the disposal ofthe Legislature thereof."
There is the express language. " The fee-sim-
ple " to pass with the patent, subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature thereof.
Mr. FICKLIN, (who was nearly inaudible.)
I desire, with the permission of the gentleman
from Georgia, to say a single word. I understand
that, under the decision ot*the head of the Depart-
ment of the Interior, the money received for these
lands, and the land warrants received for them,
will be returned to the individuals.
Mr. TOOMBS. IftheSecretaryofthefnterinr
was todothat he ought to be impeached. In such
a case, he would be taking money from the public
Treasury without authority oflaw. I know there
has been an effort to misconstrue one law to aid in
the violation of another. But money paid for
instance before the patent issues to the States
under this law, is as well protected as any other
dollar in the Treasury.
Mr. FICKLIN. That is his order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not discussing the Sec-
retary's order. I have indicated the only way in
which we can control these officers. I am en-
deavoring to present my views upon the law itself,
and the meaning of that law is clear upon its face,
and is stamped on every line of it.
The third section says:
t( That in making out a list and plats of the land afore-
said, all lejral subdivisions, the greater part of which is
* waste and unfit tor cultivation,'shall be included in said
list and plats; hut when the greater part of a subdivision is
not of that character, the whole of it shall be excluded
therefrom." j
So that, if there are forty-one acres of waste j
land, the thirty-nine acres of good land would go j
with it. f have read the whole act. Now, it
seems that in some States there were a great many
lands entered immediately after the passage of the
act, and before any grant issued to the States
which have since been decided to be " unfit for
cultivation," and in some cases the land thus en-
tered has been patented to the States, and hence
the necessity of this bill. The Secretary of the
Interior has decided that these entries are void,
and that the lands thus entered under the act in
question belong to the States. This conflict we
are called on to settle.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me ask the gentleman what
he is going to do with the innocent purchasers
who went and purchased the land in good faith?
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the very question I
propose to discuss. I say, give them a patent for
it to-morrow. There is no difficulty about that.
Their title is good against the United States and
the States.
Mr. DAVIS. But the Government say they
cannot do that.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then compel it to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Government ought to have
suspended these land offices, and stopped the sales
of the public lands until thfese lists were made out.
But instead of that they kept the land offices open,
and persons went and purchased lands, the greater
portion of which were swamp lands, and which,
therefore, came under the provisions of the swamp
lands act. Now, I want to know if the gentle-
man would turn those people out and keep their
money?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; I would not turn them
out. I would give them patents. Their title is
good against the Government, and against the
States. But it is no tenderness for those men that
brings this bill here.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state to the gentleman that
the Government has patented gome of these lands
to the State of Indiana, and intends patenting the
whole of them soon. What would the gentleman
do in that case?
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; it is a conflict in
which, when I am permitted to proceed, I shall
ndeavor to show that the settler has the better
title. I would therefore giva him the patent and
protect him in its enjoyment. The object of this
bill is to give the States the money, or to allow
them to get lands to which they were not entitled
under the swamp lands act.
Mr. DAVIS. I dislike to interrupt the gentle-
man. I only desire to say that this bill, as it was
originally introduced, made it the duty of the Gov-
ernment to refund the money where the lands have
been sold for money, and land warrants where
they have been sold for land warrants. But the
Committee on Public Lands have stricken out the
money clause, and put in an amendment making
it the duty of the Government to give scrip for
all.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I can only say that the
committee may have done gfeat injustice. It the
Government has received money for the lands,
they ought not to give them lands in lieu of the
money without theirconsent. You have no right
to force lands upon such persons. I desire to act
on right principles. If a man has paid his money
for certain land, you have no right to force him to
take other lands from you which he did not buy
and may not want. I intend, as far as my vote
goes, to vote down the amendment, and I would
like to have a substitute for the bill that would
compel the Executive officers of this Government
to issue patents to the men who have entered these
lands before the title of the States accrued, accord-
ing to the second section of the act.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I would ask the gentle-
man what is the date of the deeds of patent issued
by the "Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know. It was the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] who said
that patents had been issued.
Mr. McLANAHAN. If the lands were pur-
chased from the Government, or the warrants were
located before the patents were issued to the State,
there can be no doubt at all about the title of those
who hold the land under purchase. I therefore
ask what is the date of the patent?
Mr. TOOMBS. I am well satisfied,as thegen-
tleman from Pennsylvania suggests, that if those
patents have ever been issued in derogation of the
rights of settlers, the patents themselves are void.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I want to know the
date of the deeds of patent.
Mr. FICKLIN. Patents have not been issued.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then the two gentlemen from
Indiana disagree as to the facts. The other gen-
i tleman [Mr. Davis] said that patents had been
! issued.
A Member. They are not both from Indiana.
! One of the gentlemen is from Illinois.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the precise question of
"the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask when the deeds
of patent were issued by this Government to the
State of Indiana?
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot give the exact date, but
I can give the number of acres patented to the
State.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I merely wish to direct
the attention of the gentleman from Indiana to
this point: If the purchases were made, and the
purchase money paid, or if the land warrants
were located before the patents were issued by
this Government, then the purchasers, or those
who located the land warrants, in my humble
judgment, have a good title both against the State
and against the General Government.
Mr. DAVIS. In some instances it was before,
and in some instances afterwards.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the gentle-
man from Georgia will allow me, I desire to turn
to the point where this whole error began. The
gentleman from Georgia—for whose opinion I have
the highest respect, as I believe the entire House
has—has one opinion in the construction of this
law, and the Secretary of the Interior, backed by
a large number, at least, of humble individuals,
has another and a very distinct opinion. That
the House may be able to judge between the two
constructions, let them hear tne act read by two
different persons; for the identical thing may
sound differently when read by two different per-
sons.
The act is drawn in the name of the State of
Arkansas, because it was drawn in the first place
for her benefit; but all the new States were put
upon the same footing, so that it applies to them
all. The first section is as follows: "That to en-
' able the Stateof Arkansas to construct theneces-
' sary levees and drains to reclaim the swamp and
'overflowed lands therein, the whole of those
' swamp and overflowed lands made unfit thereby
'for cultivation"—there was a great discussion
upon that point at the tinje theact passed,and these
words were inserted, " asshaU remain unsold at ihe
passage of this act, shall be, and the same are here-
by, granted to said State." Mark the words !
" As shall remain unsold at the passage of this
act." When is that? Ten years afterwards, when
the patent is issued to the State, all the lands
having been entered in the mean time, " which
' shall remain unsold at the passage of this act
' shall be, and the same are hereby, granted to the
'State." That isthe lnnguage of the act. Now,
says the gentleman, the patent shall issue, and
that shall grant a fee-simple. Sir, is there such
a thing in existence as an equitable title upon
which you can force possession in a court of law?
If there is, then the second section of this act is
valid, and yet not at all inconsistent with the first;
and if the equity exists in the State to the lands
as they are described, to use the language of the
act, " from and after its passage," I ask the gen-
tleman how he can escape the equitable title so
clearly given by the law ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman inform me whether equity will compel
the execution of a title for a naked, voluntary
grant without consideration ?
Mr. JOHNSON. We will easily answer that,
and perhaps in a manner little expected by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. We will answer
it as applicable to this case. The case will stand
thus: The land is granted away by all the power
there is in Congress to grant it away, and if the
title is confirmed in this way, the grantee and his
assignees have an equity, and can enforce it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the gentleman will not
take up all my time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will conclude in a minute.
Now, sir, this grant is made; and suppose I, know-
ing that this land has been granted to the State of
Arkansas, go to the United States land office,
which is still open, and purchase a hundred or a
thousand acres of it from the United States, the
United States having no title to sell, having already
granted it away to the State of Arkansas; but she
receives my money, and gives me a certificate of
title for the land. Well, sir, we will suppose that
I settle upon the land, relying for title upon the
certificate, whilst, in the mean time, the State goes
on and makes a selection of this identical land,
under the act giving swamp lands to the States; the
State or its assignee comes foward and sues for
possession. Unquestionably, after the grant has
been made by Congress, and the fee-simple title to
the land vested by patent, whether to one party
or another, my right to the possession could and
would be destroyed in a court of justice, when
brought in conflict with an older equitable title.
There is no question about it. But until a legal
title has been vested in the State, or some other
party, I admit, with the gentleman, that neither
the State nor her assignee could recover the pos-
session of the land. The legal title must have
passed in some shape from the Government, before
it can be matter of litigation in a court.
Now to resume, (for this has been an interrup-
tion,) the act goes on to say:
" Tt shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior, as
soon as it may be practicable after the passage of this act,
to make out an accurate list and plats of the lands described
i as aforesaid, and transmit the same lo the Governor of the
State of Arkansas, and at the request of said Governor,
cause a patent to be issued to the State therefor: and on
that patent, the fee-simple to said lands shall vest in the
State of Arkansas, subject to the disposal of the Legislature
thereof."
Does that say when the patent shall be issued,
or does it only merely prescribe the manner in
which it shall be issued? Does that cut off the
grant of all the lands entered from and after the
passage of the act? It unquestionably does not
cut it off. It is granted; but until the patent i 
issued, no suit at law can be maintained, at least
until the legal title has gone away from the United
States into some other hands. An equitable title
being in the State as the assignee under that
| original grant, the United States might go and
make up a similar title to anybody else, in defiance
of that original grant; but could a court of equity
! or law compel the execution of this last grant? No
i such thing. And if this Congress can come in
