1853,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
and pass such a law aa the gentleman from Geor-
gia says ought to pass, compelling the Stales to
give patents to those individuals after the lands
had first been granted by Congress to the States,
I say it would be a barefaced usurpation, and an
abuse of its powers. Congress would erect itself
into a tribunal that would destroy, more than
make law, and would annihilate the judiciary, a
great coordinate branch of the Government.
By that course yau would act in utter violation
of the first principles upon which your Govern-
ment was established. That is the position in
which the honorable gentleman from Georgia
would place the Government of the United States
* by the course he proposes. That will be the effect
of the law whien he says he would vote for.
Here is the grant in full. Now, if he will show
me that this seetion does not contain a full, com-
plete, and perfect grant, from the passage of the
act, of all the lands therein described, remaining
unsold, then I must admit that the English lan-
guage ie a stranger to me, or I am a numskull.
Mr. FREEMAN. I ask the gentleman to al-
low me a moment-
Mr. TOOMBS. I have already given away
more than half my time. I should have been
through in one fourth the time which has been
consumed by these interruptions. I shall be very
brief, if gentlemen will allow me to go on.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman that he will
allow me just one remark.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have declined to yield to the
fmtleaaan from Mississippi, [Mr. Freeman,] and
cannot yield to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina.
Mr. ORR. What I desired to say is in the
nature of a personal explanation.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 will yield to the gentleman
for a pereonal explaDation.
Mr. ORR. I am a member of the Committee
on Public Lands, and I desire to say that the re-
port of that committee in relation to this subject
does not meet with the concurrence of all that com-
mittee. 1 did not happen to be present when this
bill was taken up, or I should have opposed it in
committee. I think the bill is wrong. The ar-
gument of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] in relation to the design of the act grant-
ing these swamp lands is conclusive with me.
Mr. TOOMBS. Our land system is a very good
one. The lands which have been broughtinto the
market are subject to entry at $1 25 per acre, by
anybody who chooses to enter them, or lay land
warrants upon than. The object of Congress in
making grants totheStatesof these swamp lands,
was to give away those lands which, by <being
overflowed with water, are rendered unfit for cul-
tivation. It required great expenditure by some1
body, either by the General Government or by'
the States, before they could be brought into cul-
tivation. As I stated, it is the strongest presump-
tive evidence—these lands having been entered
before the selections under the grant to the States
were made, and consequently brfore a single dollar
could have been expended upon them—-that they
were not included in the class of lands intended to
have been granted by the United States. The lands
intended to be included in these grants were those
which, by reason of being overflowed, were not
fit for cultivation, and it was necessary that capital
should be expended upon them to make them fit
for entry. It was upon that principle that I sup-
ported that bill, and I think it was upon that prin-
ciple that it was passed by Congress. I supported
it then, and I would support it again upon the
same principle, because I know the inconvenience
of new States of having large bodies of swamp
lands, which will not be taken up by private indi-
viduals because they requi're too much money to
be expended upon them to make them at all valu-
able. I think it was perfectly competent, wise
and proper for Congress to carry, out this object
by the aet.
The remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stbvens] has much force upon the point,
that the voluntary grant of Congress must yield
to a bona Jirfe .purchaser for valuable considera-
tion, even if the grant had been made. The first
seetion of this act, to which the gentleman has re-
ferred , sets forth the object of the grantj it gives the
conditions upon which they were to be granted.
The second section prescribes the time when the
State shall come in possession of the land, and
get the fee-simple. This section was necessary
to prevent the possibility of the very conflict which
it is contended now exists. Without this section,
such a construction might have been put upon the
act. The object, as well as effect of the section, was
to prevent such conflict. It was therefore a wise
precaution; it prescribes that no title shall vest in
the State until the patent shall be issued. It pro-
vides that the fee-simple shall remain in the Uni-
ted States, subject to the general land law until the
patent shall be issued. That is what the second
section of the act says. I repeat, the fee shall
vest in the State where the patent shall be issued,
and not till then.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. My friend flrom
Georgia puts a construction upon this section
which is clearly a forced construction. Now, the
gentleman is a lawyer, I am not, and yet I would
not shrinkfrom a discussion with him on this point,
as a legal question. These lands are granted to
the States upon certain terms and conditions, and
what are they? That-they shall be drained and
brought into a state fit for cultivation. It is a con-
tract between the States and the General Govern-
ment, and the object of that contract must be obvi-
ous to every gentleman in this Hall. These swamp
lands are worthless to the General Government. ,
In this present condition they are a blank. The
object in making the contract is, that they may be
brought into a state fit for cultivation, and thereby
give the Government lands lying alongside an in-
creased value, and in addition, add to the health
of thesurroundingcountry.
Mr. AVERETT*. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask the gentleman from Indiana a question ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot allow the gentleman, J
and I hope I shall not be interrupted again. I am i
compelled to present the case in a very disjointed '
manner, from the frequent interruptions and un-
important collateral issues.
Mr. AVERETT. I have no new point to
raise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If the gentleman
from Georgia will allow me, I will answer the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, I have given away
already two or three minutes where I have occupied
one myself, and gentlemen certainly cannot com-
plain of discourtesy. I decline to be interrupted
further. 1 will only state the facts and reasons
| which have brought me to the conclusions to
| which I have come, as briefly as possible, and if
fentlemen will allowme to go on and conclude what
have to say, they may then have the floor, and I
give my word that I will not call the previous
question upon them between now and the 4th of
March.
It is there proposed to give the settlers these
lands which they have entered, and to which they
havean equitable title, as my friend from Arkansas
says, and to pay to the States the value of the
lands. These settlers entered their landsunder the
existing laws of the Government, and are entitled
to a patent for their lands. But if the two titles
conflict, let them determine them in the courts of
justice. But the Secretary of the Interior does not
put them upon the same grotfnd. He will not re-
spect this primary title. This act says the title,
the fee-simple, shall not pass out of the hands of
the Government until the patent shall have been
issued, but Mr. Stuart says it shall; the law says
the fee-simple passes out of the hands of tne
United States after the patent has been granted;
Mr. Stuart says it goes the day the act passes.
Why, sir, there is an apparent conflict be-
tween the two sections, ana you must construe
them by taking the whole act, and judge from its
scope, its intentions, its general language, as well
as from its express words. You must reconcile
the conflicting sections by the usual rules of legal
construction. Now, the object of the law was to
' get the swamp lands into cultivation. They were
' to be granted upon that condition, but only such
lands as were worthless to the Government came
within the intention of the act. It was not even
presumed that there could be any conflict of title,
because they did not ask for lands which anybody
else wanted. They put the demand upon that
ground, and therefore this construction must pre-
vail, if the words of the act will allow it.
I have already shown that the construction I
contend for does no violence to the words of the
act, but is in legal conformity thereto, and carries
out the admitted object of both parties to the
grant.
But there is a principle in this bill Still more im-
portant and objectionable. Its effect, and doubtless
its object, is to increase the already enormous
grants to railroad companies to a prodigious ex-
tent. In granting lands to railroads, and to the •
States for them, you gave alternate sections along
the road within a prescribed distance, upon the
performance of certain conditions. You go on and
locate those alternate sections where the lands have
not already been entered by settlers; but upon the
same principle sought to be established in relation
to these swamp lands, you come up to the Gen-
eral Government and say, "We cannot locate our
alternate sections, because settlers have already en-
tered a portion of them; now, we will surrender .
up our title to those which have been entered, if
you will pay us back the money you have received
for them, or give us land warrants to locate where
we please." Indeed, this will provide for just such
cases. Another effect will be accomplished: you
first grant the alternate Bections to the States for
internal improvements, the States grant them
to the companies before their second grant is per-
fected under the swamp law. The States then
claim the very lands under the latter law which
they took under the first, and then by this contri-
vance of locating her own grant, she turns these
companies over to the Government to get other land
scrip, and thus the woes of actual settlers are sung
to swell the coffers of the railroad companies.
Many of the new States have not spent a dol-
lar, or an acre of land in reclaiming the lands;
many of them needed no reclamation, but have
fone on and disposed of portions of them to in-
ividuals or corporations; others of the new States,
especially Arkansas, has appropriated her lands
wisely to the purposes intended by Congress, and
has reclaimed, partially or totally, hundreds of
thousands of acres of the most valuable land in the'
Union, thus faithfully carrying out the policy of
the Government, and greatly promoting their own
prosperity.
I should like to know what Missouri lias done
with hers? Has she sold them ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will say this: that Indiana has .
not sold any of the lands which have been granted
to her. Individuals, who have recently purchased
these lands from the Government, have made im-
provements upon them, and, in some instances,
they have been transferred to a third, fourth, or
fifth person.
Mr. TOOMBS. Their titles were derived from
the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. They went and entered these
lands at the United States land offices, after the
passage of the swamp land act, and before they
were selected by the State under that act.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well. That is what I
stated. There is no confusion about that; and I
desire no information upon that point. They are.
the people whom I am trying to protect, and they -
constitute the class I intend to protect by my vote
here, and to give them the patent for their lands.
They are entitled to a patent. The title to the
lands did not vest in the States until after the pa-
tents to the individuals had issued, and they hav-
ing acquired the title by entering the land before
the patent issued to the States, they are entitled
to the patent in preference to Indiana, or any one
else. That is my construction of the law.
Now, I think the House should protect this class
of individuals; but the friends of this bill desire to
ride in other interests upon the back of the settlers.
I desire to protect them, and give them ample pro-
tection, but the friends of this bill hold them as
hostages for other objects. I am for giving them
directly what they are entitled to—for giving them
a patent instantly.
I think the House ought to retain this bill until
an amendment can be made to confirm the title of
those who purchased or located these lands before
the States received their patents, and leave the
States and railroad companies where the true con-
struction of the act leaves them—stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McLana-
han.] But we are volunteer conveyancers for the
public interest, and consequently, by their own
construction, they have no right or title until they
receive the patent.
Mr. CLEVELAND here obtained the floor.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man allow me to read the act in relation _ to the
Louisiana swamp lands? It is entirely different
from the one which the gentleman has just read.
