1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
cultivation, a patent should issue to the States for
them, and that, upon the issuance of the patent,
tie title should vest in the States. Is the title to
vest until then? Is there a lawyer, uninterested
in this question, who will claim that it was neces-
sary to use words more significant than those of
the bill to convey the intention of Congress ?
Though the errant of lands was without consider-
ation, and a deed of gift, and though every precau-
tion was taken against the construction now put
upon it by the Secretary of the Interior, we have
this bill slipped in here as a matter of no import-
ance; the rules suspended, and we are, without
consideration, about to transfer unknown hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars from the United
States Treasury to the States. And for what?
Why, to sweeten the gift of millions of acres of
the public land.
Mr. MOORE. Louisiana does not ask for any-
thing by this bill.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The representatives of
the States which were the recipients of this gra-
tuity of lands of great value, come in now and
claim under the law making the grant money from
the Treasury for land which it was never intended
to give away. I do not believe the States want
this money to sweeten the donation they have
already received. I do not think they ought to
have it.
But look at the ground on which the claim is
based. Gentlemen seem to advocate it as a pre-
vention of injury to a meritorious class of pur-
chasers. How can that be ? These men havegot
from the United States permission to enter upon
that land and cultivate it aa their own. Nobody
doubts the authority of the United States to grant
it. If the State of Indiana had come forward and
complained that we had done wrong, would not
Congress have decided against the complaint?
The States claim to be remunerated—for what ?
They ask that the General Government shall
transfer the money it has received for lands sold
for cultivation, and not swamp lands, because these
lands belonged to them under an act of Congress
which granted themMands within their limits
wholly unfit for cultivation. They stand before
Congress virtually as petitioners for this money.
If this is not assurance, I know not what is!
I will now give my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Stcart] the ten minutes of my time which I
promised him.
Mr. STUART. I should like to know of the
Chair whether I will have time to make my re-
marks. How long has the gentleman from Con- ]
necticut been speaking? I
The SPEAKER. About thirty minutes. |
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit a few re- j
marks to the House, mainly upon the construc- I
tion of this act. I have only examined the bill I
now before the House by a single reading of it at
the Clerk's desk. I approach the discussion of
this subject wilh no small degree of reluctance, i
after what has been said by gentlemen upon the
other side, and especially by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I have great confidence
in that gentleman's legalability,and when he says,
as he does here to-day, that he would vote to im-
peach an officer who would give the opinion that
the Secretary of the Interior has given on this
subject 
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me correct the gentle-
man. The gentleman from Indiana told me that
the Secretary wag about to pay the money. I"
said if he paid it out he should be impeached, be-
cause he would take the money out of the Treas-
ury without the authority of law. It was not for
his opinion. No such statement was made by
me.
Mr. STUART. I thank the gentleman for the
interruption. I desire to state the case properly,
and I do not desire to state it otherwise. There
was so much noise in the House that I heard him
with difficulty, and I am very glad to be corrected.
The gentleman gives us as his opinion, that there
is no grant of lands to the States by this act, which
can give them any right to the lands, or the pro- .
ceeds of the lands, until the patent is issued and :
delivered. It is upon that statement, and I have
Stated it fairly, that I take issue. The first section
of the act contains substantially this: that all the i
lands of a certain description, which description is !
clearly indicated therein, not sold at the time of !
the passage of the act, are by the act itself granted 1 i
to the States. Will it be said, if there were no 11
other grant in terms in this act, there would beany
doubt that the lands would pass to the States? It
is not necessary that a patent should be granted
to the State by the General Government in order
to convey the lands. It is a mode which may or
may not be adopted.
But I am willing to present the case upon the
supposition that it is necessary that the General
Government shall issue and deliver a patent in or-
der to carry the title. Let me liken it to cases
existing between individuals. There is scarcely an
instance under this Government where an indi-
vidual purchases lands, and gets his patent at the
time. During the years 1835-'6-'7-'8, patents
were not issued from the United States land office
for more than a year, and sometimes three years,
and after the land had been purchased and paid for.
The fee-simple—it was held everywhere under the
laws of the United States—remained in the General
Government, and hence it became necessary for the
State or Territory in which the land was, to pass a
law authorizing the owner who was not the actual
occupant of the land, to maintain an action of tres-
pass, until he had obtained his patent. He could
then do it in every court, and the land was to all
intents and purposes his. Did the General Gov-
ernment ever refuse, in a single instance, to make
his title good, if they sold his land to any one else
before issuing his patent ? Take this case for an
illustration: Suppose the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] had owned this land, and contracted
upon terms to suit himself to sell it to the States,
and that he would ascertain by his own agents
how much he had sold, and when so ascertained,
he would grant the fee and execute and deliver the
deed. To make it still plainer: The gentleman
from Georgia contracts and agrees with me that he
will grant to me the swamp lands in the United
States—he owning them—from and after this date;
' that he will, by his own agents, ascertain what
, portion of his lands this grant covers, and when
he has ascertained it he will of course deliver to
J me a deed. When does my right to that land
pass as between me and the gentleman ? Suppose
'i some one else goes on, under a general power of
attorney from him, and sells a portion of the lands
i, that hisagents subsequently return to him as being
covered by the contract with me: would he hes-
itate to indemnify me? Is not that the very case
in hand ? The Government of the United States
agrees, by an act of Congress, that they will grant,
and they do hereby grant, to the States respect-
| ively all the swamp lands. They direct their offi- 1
cer, the Secretary of the Interior, to ascertain '
J what the amount of lands in each States is covered !
by this act. That is reported to the Secretary of
the Interior by the surveyor-general of the respect- ;
ive States or districts, and when so reported, he I1
is to issue a patent.
I want to know if this proposition is not fairly ;
stated. If it turns out in the mean time that, under ! [
the general laws of the United States, individuals
t have entered a portion of this very land granted
by this act, upon what principle is it held that you
are not to indemnify the State' Here is where
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland]
is mistaken in the facts, as well as in the construc-
tion of the act. He says that the language of the '
act granting swamp lands to the States is, in sub-
stance and effect, that you should go on, ascertain
and report how much swamp land there is within
your borders, and we will deed it to you. Not at
all. The States have no lot or part in this trans- I
action, except to be recipients. The General Gov- I
ernment, by itsown officers, determines the extent
of the grant. This takes time. It may require 1
six months; it may require a year, or five years.
In my State the report is not yet made in full. I 1
should like to know if, when the surveyor gen- I
eral at Detroit returns to the Secretary of the In-
terior the lands that are covered, as determined j
by the United States officers by this grant—if it 1
turns out that twenty thousand acre3 have been J
sold since the act was passed, by what principle
the Government of the United Slates are going to '
refuse to indemnify the State. I submit that it |
would not be tolerated and entertained between
individuals, byany court in any civilized country. 1
I state it somewhat confidently. A sells to B cer-
tain lands by a general description, and agrees to
take upon himself the labor of ascertaining how
much that general description covers. But when !
that is ascertained by his own agents, and it turns 1
out that he has subsequently sold a portion of the II
lands to some one else, I say there is no court that
would hesitate to say that he would be bound to
indemnify the purchaser.
Mr. CLEVELAND here claimed the floor.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say, that I am
much obliged to the gentleman for the time he has
given me, and I hope he does not cut me off* be-
cause he does not like to answer the argument,
[Laughter.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. If the gentleman sup-
poses by that remark to retain the floor, he is cer-
tainly mistaken. I would much sooner give it to
him as I did before, at his request.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stcart]
assumes as a foundation for the claim made by
this bill, the act of the party surveying these lands,
and the act of the Secretary of the Interior, con-
firming such surveys, not the grant itself.
Suppose all the public lands in the different
States had been surveyed under the act of 1850,
and reported to the Secretary as swamp lands,
and the report sanctioned by that officer: would
that action confirm them as such, and vestthetitle
thereto in the States ? In other words, would not
the claim of the gentleman substitute the action of
the Surveyor and Secretary for the legislation of
Congress? The only question is, What did Con-
gress (who alone has power to dispose of thepub-
lic lands) grant ?—not what did the Surveyor or
Secretary understand it as granting.
In regard to the argument, about the rights ofthe
States;—let them, if they choose to go into this
question, come here with their petition. Let them
ground such petition upon the arguments used in
support of this bill, and when they get here they
will then understand better what position they
occupy than they do to-day.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stcart]
claims that this grant is to be likened in all re-
spects as regards the sale of these lands, and that
there is a consideration received. If I am wrong,
I beg him to correct me, I think there is a marked
difference between this case and the one he puts.
Here the Government are induced to make a grant
of lands to the States for certain reasons, and can
any one suppose that any court or Legislature in
the country will ever give a construction to that
grant without looking at the circumstances under
which it was made? Will they ever put it upon
theground that the Government have attempted to
contract with the States—that they should have
a certain amount of lands for a certain amount of
money? If the gentleman is right in this, there
would be some force in the argument. I hold the
cases to be entirely unlike. There was no con-
sideration passing from these States to the grant-
ors. It was a mere gift, and that gift the donor
had the right to regulate in his own way. The
donee gained no legal rights contrary to the true
intent, spirit, and meaning of the donor at the
time the donation was made. Will it be said, that
because the Government is to be bound by its con-
tract for a valuable consideration, that therefore
the court, in giving a construction to the deed of
gift and the grant of land, will not look at all
the circumstances attending the grant to see what
was the intention of the grantor at the time the
donation was made? It strikes me that the argu-
ment of the gentleman, in a court of equity, could
not live for an instant. In a court of law it would
be only an ingenious argument.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman desires me to
answer that proposition, I should like to answer
it right here. I wish to say to him, that there is
no distinction between the grant of land or lands
by the General Government to the States, for
specific purposes, and a contract for the sale of
lands for a valuable consideration between indi-
viduals. This Government has never sought to
recognize such distinctions. It would be dishon-
orable, and it would be beneath thedignity of any
such Government as that of the United States.
Allow me to cite a single instance. Take the
grant of land to the respective States of this Union
for university and school purposes. There is no
consideration passing between the States and the-
General Government, and the consideration is as .
it is in this case. It is a reserved benefit to the
Government and the people of the United States,
and there has never been an argument raised
upon it.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Let me test the correct-
ness of the gentleman's remark. Judging by the
conduet of the very Government under whose
