1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
ing under a suspension of the rules; the point I
made was, that the Speaker having announced that
the bill for the relief of Rosanna Sowards was the
first business in order, I had the right to call up
that bill.
The SPEAKER. It is true, the announcement
was made, but the gentleman will not dispute the
fact, that immediately after the reading of the
Journal, the House proceeded to the consideration
of other business. The Chair was not bound to
announce that a motion to reconsider was pending
at all, and no gentleman having at the time called
up the motion, it was perfectly competent for the
House to proceed to other business.
Mr. STANLY. The point with me was, that
this being announced as the business in order, it
was competent for me to claim the floor and call
it up to the exclusion of all other business.
The SPEAKER. There is a clear distinction,
which, had it been property considered, would
have prevented any disagreement between the
Chair and the gentleman at the time. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Davis] rose and submit-
ted a motion, which was clearly in order, before
the gentleman from North Carolina proposed to
take up the privileged question of reconsideration.
Mr. STANLY. I will repeat, the point I made,
and upon which I appealed, was, that the gentle-
man from Indiana was not entitled to the floor to
submit his motion when any one else wanted it to
call up the motion which the Speaker had an-
nounced was first in order. It is a matter of no
great consequence. I merely desired to call the
attention of the Speaker to the error. I will make
110 motion with regard to it.
The Journal was then approved.
COINAGE.
The .SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the consideration of Senate bill No 271,
11 amendatory of existing laws relative to the half
dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and half dime," upon
which the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Skeltox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SKELTON. Before I commence my re-
marks, I wish to submit to the House a petition
in relation to the subject of this bill, signed by a
large number of the members of the Legislature of
the State of New Jersey, and by the Governor of
the State. I send it to the Clerk's desk, and ask
that it may be read.
The petition was read by the Clerk, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled:
The memorial of the subscribers respectfully repre-
sents, that the greatly increased value of silver compared
with that of gold as regulated by law, at the Mint of the
United States, has almost wholly withdrawn all the silver
coins of proper weight from circulation as a currency.
They are no longer a standard of value in payment, and are
only used as an article of commerce.
Your honorable bodies are fully aware that the ordinary
business of the community, comprising probably ninety-
nine hundredths of all individual transactions, cannot be
conducted without small coins, or paper tokens, to settle
small balances ; and however repugnant the use of such
paper trash may be to public opinion, or discreditable to the
Government and nation, the indispensable necessity for it
will, as your memorialists seriously apprehend, soon force
it upon the whole country, unless Congress shall, during
the present session, provide an efficient remedy.
Your memorialists believe that such a remedy maybe
found in the passage of a bill that passed the Senate of the
United States at their last session, which proposes a silver
coinage about seven per cent, lighter than the present coin,
comprising all the existing denominations less than one dol-
lar, and making these new coins a legal tender only for
payments not exceeding five dollars.
Your memorialists believe that this measure will remove
all difficulty as soon as the proposed coins can be minted in
sufficient numbers, and distributed ; and in the mean time,
it wilt entirely prevent the exportation or melting of silver
coins, as these will become more valuable for recoinage
than for any other purpose. Nor can it in the slightest de-
gree disturb the monetary affairs of the nation, or infringe
exigting rights in eontracts.
Your memorialists forbear to occupy your time with fur-
ther argument in favor of such a coinage. It has been fully
discussed m an able report of a committee of the Senate,
and so long under consideration that it must be fully under-
stood.
Your memorialists will therefore only remark further,
that, except those engaged in buying or melting silver coin,
every individual in theUnited Suites who uses money must
be interested in having relief from the increasing embarrass-
ment arising from the want of a permanent regulation of the
small silvercoin.
That your honorable body will determine to act upon this
subject at the present session, is the earnest prayer of your
memorialists.
Trenton, (N. J.,) February 4, 1853.
Mr. S. continued. At the expiration of the
morning hour, when this bill was last under con-
sideration, the House will recollect that I had
nearly concluded the remarks I then thought it
necessary to make relative to the bill. But, sir,
this petition, signed as it is by a large number of
the members of the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey, now in session, presents another
consideration why this bill should meet the appro-
bation of the House, which is, that the want of
small change is at present so great in the State in
which 1 reside that the people will be compelled to
resort to small paper tickets, as a medium of cir-
culation, in the transaction of small business.
Now, sir, no one will question that a return to
the ticket system in this country,from any cause,
would be a calamity very much to be regretted by
the American people. In addition to this, the
State which I have the honor in part to represent,
and some of the adjoining States, have recently
adopted measures, and others are about adopting,
to drive out of circulation all notes under the de-
nomination of five dollars. This measure is con-
sidered indispensable in my State for carrying out
this wholesome reform in the currency of our
country. This is another reason why this bill
should meet the approbation of and pass this
House at the [Tresent time.
At the time I was concluding my remarks, a
few days since, and when the House passed from
the business of the morning hour, I was stating
that the few remarks I had to make would be con-
fined to the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to the bill under con-
sideration.
I stated that I believed the friends of the bill
would do well to vote down all the amendments
proposed to the bill as it came from the Senate.
Only two of the amendments which are proposed
are of any importance to the general measure.
The first amendment is to the first section of the
bill, which makes the coin, about to be coined
under this new act, a legal tender for all debts
under the denomination of five dollars, and the
amendment proposes to strike out that provision,
and insert a provision that it shall be received in
, payment of dues to the United States. Now, if
that amendment is adopted, the effect will be to
destroy the bill, and to defeat the object for which
the bill is proposed. The difficulty now to con-
tend with is, that silver is more valuable, relatively,
than gold. By adopting the amendment proposed
by the Committee on Ways and Means, the op-
posite difficulty, and a greater one, will be encoun-
tered by the country. The silver coin would then
be the least valuable; and the result would be to
drive the gold coin entirely from circulation, and
substitute that of silver, thus producing a greater
evil than the one proposed to be remedied. For
this reason, I hope that this amendment, above all
others, will be voted down.
There is another amendment which is import-
ant, if time, and the pressing wants of the country,
would permit its passing into effect. I allude to
the amendment proposed to the bill, which provides
that the Secretary of theTreasury may change the
devices of the coin, about to be struck under the
bill. This may appear to be, at first sight, an
important amendment, in order to enable the citi-
zens of the United States to distinguish between
the heavy and the light coins. But when you take
into consideration that the light coin will entirely
drive out the heavy coin in circulation, and that
if occasionally a heavy coin should fall into the
hands of an individual, no evil consequence will
follow, because he will receive a more valuable
piece of money instead of a less valuable one, there
will appear to be no necessity for that amendment.
As the heavy gold coin of 1834 was driven out
of circulation by the light coin, so will the small
amount of heavy silver coin now in circulation be
driven out by the light. Thus you will perceive
that it is not important that such an amendment
should be adopted.
In addition to that, I have been informed by one
of the officers of the Mint, that if this change of
the devices is to be carried out, the officers of the
Mint will necessarily be delayed in striking off
the new coin for some six or eight months, and
that it will be necessary to employ an additional
engraver in the Mint of the United States, which
I believe to be unnecessary. The same devices
may remain under the passage of this bill, and the
coin may be immediately struck, and the pressing
wants of the country immediately supplied, which
would be impossible by the passage of the amend-
ment.
So, sir, in regard to the other amendments, they
are not important to the bill. I have examined
the bill over and over again, very carefully, with
reference to the wants of the country, and 1 have
come to the conclusion—and I believe that every
man who examines the bill will arrive at thesame
conclusion—that it is drafted with exceeding care,
and that it will meet the wants of the country at
the present time.
It is for these reasons that I recommend to the
friends of this bill to vote down the amendments
proposed to it, and to put it immediately upon its
.passage. If we do so, we shall receive the thanks
of the people throughout the entire extent of this
country. There is scarcely an individual in the
United States whose interests will not be pro-
moted by the passage of this bill.
One word in regard to the objects which this
bill proposes to accomplish. The main object of
the bill is to supply small silver change, half dol-
lars, quarter dollars, dimes, and half dimes. No
one will question the necessity of some change of
this kind to supply the pressing wants of the com-
munity for small change. The bill does not pro-
pose to change the value of the gold currency; it
does not propose to disturb the standard of value
now in existence throughout the country. Gold
is the only standard of value by which all property
is now measured; it is virtually the only currency
of the country.
With this view, it will be seen by the House at
once that the bill proposes nothing injurious to
anybody, and that it proposes an important meas-
ure, which will be beneficial to every one.
1 do not propose to consume any further the
time of this House, and I will forego any further
discussion upon other points, which I might dwell
upon.
I will, however, mention one other object, which
the bill proposes to aecqmplish. It allows the
Mint of the United States To assay and strike the
value of gold and silver bullion, charging the de-
, positor thecost of assaying and stampingthe value
] upon it. You will perceive that it affords to the
commercial community, when it wants to export
! its gold and silver, the best means of having it
coined into bars and disks, with the impress of
the value and quality upon them. Why should
we coin fifty millions of dollars to be exported to
Europe? Why not let the merchant pay for the
assay, and coining it into disks and bars, and let
them send their gold abroad in that form? It is
for the coinage of the currency of the country only,
that the people are legitimately chargeable.
The pressing wants of the country and my
sense of obligation compels me, reluctantly, to
take my seat, and at this time, to demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of this bill. I have
no disposition to deprive any individual of the
privilege of discussing the bill, by calling the pre-
vious question, but a sense of duty to my con-
stituents and to the country requires me to do it.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his demand for the previous question. This
is too important a bill to be hurried through in
this way.
Mr. ORR. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay the bill upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 54, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Beale, Bragg, Albert G. Brown,
Busbv, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell,
Chastain, Colcock, Cullom, Dockery, Doty, Eastman,
Edgerton, Floyd, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord,
Giddings, Green, Grow, Isham G. Harris, Haven, Hillyer,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George W. Jones, Lan-
dry, Mason, MeCorkle, McLanahan, McNair, McQueen,
Meacham, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy,Nabers, New-
ton, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parlter, Phelps, Robinson, Scur-
ry, Origen S. Seymour, Smith, Alexander H. Stephens,
St. Martin, Wallace, Watkins, Addison White, Alexander
White, and Williams—54. -
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bowie,
Bowne, John H. Boyd, Breckinridge, Briggs, Brooks,
George H. Brown, Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter,
Caskie, Clemens, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb, Darby, Geo.
T. Davis. John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dimmick, Dun-
can, Dunham, Edmundson, Fay, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence,
Gentry, Goodenow, Goodrich,Gorman,Grey, Hall,Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hebard, Hendricks, Hib-
bard, Holladay, Horsford, Houston, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Hunter. In^er^oll, Ives, Jackson, John
Johnson, J. Guiiey Jmtea, George G. King, Preston King,
Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Little. Lockhart, Maee, Mann,
McMullin, Meade, Miller, Millson, Molony, Henry D.
