1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
second time for amendment. It is a very short
bill, and may be considered in a very lew min- j
utes. :
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with; ;
and it was read a Second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 now move that that bill
be laid aside, to be reported to the House with a ,
recommendation that it do pass, and that the civil I
and diplomatic appropriation bill be taken up for i
consideration.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I will suggest to
the gentleman from Alabama, that it will be more
convenient to take up the naval, in advance of the
civil and dipl natic appropriation bill. Besides,
that lias usually been the course pursued. I beg
leave to sav, that in consequence of my indisposi-
tion, the Committee on Foreign Affairs are not
prepared with some amendments they desire to
submit to this bill, which amendments I am sure
will meet with the approbation of this committee.
We are prepared, however, with many other
amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is impossible for me to
lay off business to suit every committee. I pro-
posed to take up the Indian appropriation bill, but
as the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson]
was compelled to leave his seat to-day in conse-
quence of sickness, I refrained from doing so, and
desired, as suggested by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, to take up the naval bill; but the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs is not in his
seat, and I have now moved that the civil and
diplomatic bill be taken up for consideration. I
am ready for any of them.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on laying
aside the Post Office appropriation bill, to be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. BAYLY. The committee will perceive,
from the statement of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, that the Committee
on Indian Affairs and the Committee on Foreign
Affairs do not stand on the same footing with the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and, if there is any
difference in this respect, the two first named com-
mittees are certainly entitled to consideration. The
chairman of one is absent on account of sickness,
and the business of the other is not entirely pre-
pared, in consequence of the sickness of its chair-
man. We are very nearly ready.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like very
much, as gentlemen cannot agree, that the com-
mittee would take up for consideration a very
short Senate bill, which passed that body in Jan-
uary, 1852. It was sent here, referred to the
Committee on Ways and Means, and reported
back from that committee by myself in August
last. It is a bill designating the'depositaries under
the sub-treasury act of 1846. It is very simple,
and will require no discussion. A good many
gentlemen who represent land offices, and the col-
lection of customs are interested in it, and I should
like to have it taken up and considered.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has not
yet disposed of the Post Office appropriation
bili.
The Post Office appropriation bill was tWen laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope I may be indulged in a
suggestion, which will reconcile conflicting opin-
ions.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chnir will hear any
suggestion, though he believes that debate is not in
order on the question of priority of business.
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall make a motion before
I resume my seat. My colleague from the Acco-
mac district has stated that the Foreign and Indian
Committees stand on some different footing in
regard to the business of this House from what
the Committee on Naval Affairs does. How that
is so, I do not precisely understand.
Mr. BAYLY. If my colleague will allow me,
I only stated that there was a difference in respect
io the excuse I made, because the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs [Mr. Johnson of
Arkansas] was compelled to leave his seat by
lickness, and I have been sick for three weeks,
whilst the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. Stanton of Tennessee] is not sick,
as I understand.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will say in regard to that,
that the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs left the city under the expectation that the
naval bill would not be taken up until the Indian
bill had been disposed of. The Committee on
Naval Affairs has not been called to consider the
naval bill, and I know they have various amend-
ments to offer, some of which are of great import-
ance. The committee should have an opportunity
to consider the bill and determine what amend-
ments they will submit to it.
There is a little bill which is first in order on the
calendar, which I ask that the committee would
take up and consider. It is a bill to refund to the
State of Virginia certain moneys she loaned to the
General Government some years ago. If it be in
order, 1 will move that it be taken up.
[Cries of " Oh ! no."]
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 regret very much to find
that gentlemen, who have in charge peculiar busi-
ness, are not ready with it. 1 move to take up
House bill No. 337, making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government.
Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw all opposition. 1
presume the bill will not be disposed of to-day,
and I shall be ready to-morrow.
The question was taken, and the bill was taken
up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with, and that it be read a
second time for amendment.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed
with.
Mr. VENABLE. It is manifest, Mr. Chair-
man, to even the most casual observer, that there
is very^great dissatisfaction in the public mind in
regard to the manner in which the business of
Congress is transacted. Public discontent is al-
ways well-founded, and although it may some-
times be excessive, it is no less our duty, as legis-
lators, to ascertain its causes and to remove them.
No person who has looked on the progress of
legislation for the last two sesions, but must be
satisfied, in hisown mind, that there is something
radically wrong. And now that we are consider-
| ing the state of the Union, I think that there is no
1 subject which more legitimately presents itself
! before us, than the analysis of those elements of
I delay which have obstructed the public business,
I and brought the House to the close of a second
session of Congress, with scarcely any business
■ transacted. It is also true, that discontent often
pervades the public mind, exactly in proportion
to the obscurity of the cause producing it. So long
as they are in doubt, they are apt to consider the
evil greater than it really is; hence it becomes our
duty to dispel this doubt, and to present to the
public the reason why the business of the country
has been neglected, delayed, and obstructed. An
experience of six years in this body has taught me
that the whole evil originates either in the misap-
plication of, or some radical defect in, the rules by
which we profess to regulate the transaction of
business.
If I understand what a rule means, it is a re-
straint which majorities put on themselves in or-
der to protect minorities. Majorities need no pro-
tection; they need the operation of no rule, because
j they have the power in their own hands. Rules
I are those voluntary restraints assumed by major-
ities for their own control, and the protection of
the rights of minorities; and here, sir, allow me to
say that the rules of this House present one of the
most remarkable incidents in the history of legisla-
tion. In the first place, we have one hundred and
fifty-three rules, besides some twenty-five joint
rules of the two H6uses, and all these in addition to
parliamentary law, which is in full authority; added
to these, we have some thousands of precedents,
conflicting and contradictory, utterly unintelligible
by the most mature and enlarged experience, and
the most astute observation. It is, perhaps, the
only assembly to be found in the world in which
a precedent has no authority; the only assembly
which professes to be governed by laws where
the authoritative construction of the law by the
highest court upon an appeal from the Speaker's
decision has no influence, no weight,and in noway
regarded. The result is, that we cannot look to
one week of our experience without finding the
same question decided in two different ways; ques-
tions which interest us, those which regulate our
interests, and in which the private good is most
deeply involved, decided in as many and various
ways as the caprice of the House or the present
inclinations of the members may determine.
We well know that with all the particularity and
minuteness with which our rules are arranged,
and with solemn gravity promulgated, that the
House neither regards or respects them. When-
ever it is the purpose of a majority to arrive at a
foregone conclusion (and I speak respectfully) to
commit a revolutionary act, although the Speaker
has notoriously and clearly decided according to
the rules of the House, if his decision is in the
way of the preconceived purpose, an appeal is
taken, and the majority reverses the decision, and
changes the whole order of business. It is pro-
vided that before the rules of this House shall be
altered, and the order of business changed, two
thirds of the House shall agree. That there shall
be notice given of a design to repeal a rule or add
to the number. The Speaker decides accordingly,
an appeal is taken from the decision of the Chair,
and although that decision is according to the rules,
the House reverses it, tramples down the rule, and
carries the business according to the will of the
then existing majority, whether it be in a full
House or a bare quorum. Shall I call your atten-
tion to a most important fact in revolutionary
measures as connected with your rules? There
is no rule which is more clearly written upon your
book than that no measure shall be twice reconsid-
ered. It is distinctly known; it is written with a
sunbeam; and yet there are many gentlemen in
this House, who witnessed upon the Texas bound-
ary bill the reconsideration of that bill twice. The
Speaker decided it was the same bill, and that it
could not be reconsidered; but by a revolutionary
movement, this House, in face of the rules,
trampled down the rights of the minority, repealed
the rule, and reversed the decision of the Speaker,
and it so stands upon your Journal. I know that
I address gentlemen who would acknowledge that
it was a revolutionary measure, and in entire dis-
regard of the protection which the rules of this
House were intended to give the minority. The
majority, by a mere act of lawless power, tram-
pled under foot the regulations which were intended
to restrain them, and careless of the rights of the
minority, accomplished their purpose. The bill
was reconsidered a second time, and a law passed
in defiance of the rules of Congress. The Speaker
in the chair recognized the rule, and decided ac-
cording to its requisitions.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will my friend al-
low 
Mr. VENABLE. I must say, as I shall in
the course of my remarks notice the habit of
interrupting speakers which prevails to such a
painful extent, that I cannot consent that anybody
shall interrupt me during my hour. I mean to be
respectful to my friend, and there is lio gentleman
for whom I have kindlier feelings than the gentle-
man from Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to state some facts in
regard to that vote reversing the decision of the
Chair. Many who voted to reveree it were most
inimical to the Texas boundary bill.
Mr. VENABLE. I was going to show my
friend the reason why I do not wish to be inter-
rupted. I intended to say, in the progress of my
remarks, that one of the most serious and annoy-
ing abuses grows out of the rule which limits the
speech of a member to one hour. A gentleman,
after mature preparation, and much difficulty in
obtaining the floor, commences a speech with a
view to the elucidation of some subject interesting
to the House and the country, and such is the
want of courtesy that he is frequently interrupted
by several members at the same time. His speech,
injected with the remarks of the member who in-
terrupted him, and subjected often to another in-
fliction of the same kind by one who rises to ask
the first interpolator for an explanation, the
course of argument is deranged, and confusion
necessarily results. The time rolls on, and after
a series of unseasonable and, I must say, uncour-
teous interruptions, the hour expires, and the
speaker, discouraged, is driven to the necessity of
writing out a speech, all of which he did not de-
liver, to preserve his reputation for common intel-
ligence. I therefore decline to yield the floor du-
ring my hour, intending, so far as I have the time,
to give the committee the conclusions which the
most mature reflection, founded upon observation,
have fixed upon my mind.
On my return to my constituents they will de-
mand of me, why Congress sit here year after
year and do so little of the business of the coun-
try, and why it is that the highest duties of legis-
